I’ve filed copyright claims with Alphabet’s products and it’s a pain in the ass. There are so many “are you really sure?” steps that prove you’ve collected enough evidence it makes you wonder if it’s even worth it. There’s a huge difference between flagging a video and submitting a takedown claim. False takedowns are perjury to Alphabet it’s scary as a content creator.
And dangerous. Maybe it’s just my city but I see a lot of collectors dodging cars and delivery trucks.
So “who the fuck are you,” and “can I fucking help you” never once crossed his mind? Also how did you get into the building without a keycard and/or get through security without an appointment?
What kind of loan?
You forgot flipping out over the cost. "I want 1,000 impressions but I have a $0 budget. Also design my ads for free and I want this done end of day." Yeah no this isn't a charity....
Lmao there was a significant market dip for most coins today
We have Bart but then again it rarely works and is insanely overcrowded.
You and me both
Tfw you go to school for data science and end up analyzing masturbation growth opportunities
Seattle was so bad they made a second sub. The one linked is run by some psycho dude who creeps on female users in person and self-promotes his own stuff.
I miss the sound of studded tires
It's cheaper to drive up to Bend or fly to Salt Lake or Denver than it is to spend a weekend in Tahoe
Best to buy something out of state and rent it out. My coworker has two homes outside of Miami which net him a grand a month after PITI and maintenance. It's not a significant amount now, but he'll sell them in a few years and walk away with a downpayment on a new home here.
Eh I disagree with freight forwarding. “Tried and true” means plenty in the industry are dragging themselves through the mud even if it’s bomb proof. Yeah that DOS terminal will never die, but it’s the opposite of efficient when you still need to manually write down each bill, scan your notes, fax a document, and then update it all back into the terminal. Literal billions are wasted in freight because the 90s are still alive.
His informants (“little birds”) were mostly children I thought.
I guess that's why pop-ups are so appealing. Get in for a few months and move to the next location.
Don't forget installing race harnesses that aren't properly bolted. Harnesses are a bitch to put on normally and are extremely uncomfortable. And if you aren't wearing a collar, your neck is going bye bye
Pretty much how most of real estate operates today. NRT holds a majority of franchise and "independent" residential brokerages, so chances are every agent you encounter is with NRT. CBRE holds a lot of commercial space and controls a huge commercial horizontal presence. Blackstone holds a lot of landmarks (Ferry Building) and has their hands in debt restructuring. If you fly Delta to the Dodgers stadium and watch a game, that's all Blackstone.
The 20% is more of a guideline than a strict rule for most lenders. Have you looked at interest-only mortgages? Or something fixed for the first few years? I haven't checked the rates in a few months but I do remember them being ungodly low.
&gt;$1,800 a month (I paid mostly cash) but my prop taxes are $37k/year SAY WHAT
Same with chopping wood. First time I *had* to do it (we needed firewood) and a few hours later I couldn't stop chopping. Something about exercise and watching the physical product grow was super fulfilling. I love chopping wood.
It's managers all the way down
Every In n Out I go to it seems all the workers are friends. I've never seen someone look sad because they are always chatting about random shit. Their hands are busy but mentally they seem low stress.
Saaaaame. My arms look delicious in photos but they look like little noodles in mirrors.
For me it was the turning point for the Hound to stop protecting Ayra as an investment and to start protecting her like a daughter from the evils of the world.
The Sunset: If the Upper West and East Sides in New York we're suburbs.
"I'm sorry I can't process your request at the moment. You'll need to upgrade to our *Deluxe Citizen Package*, which includes 100 minutes of free queuing time at the DMV if you spend $1000 or more on parking in a calendar year!"
Leave them on read and hit them with success years later. Remember that all team building seasons are littered with Ls. Focus on the growth and you'll see rings eventually.
...this little experiment is literally an experiment. It's not supposed to answer the funding question. It's supposed to show how the money would be spent by a particular tax bracket.
Also please stop using your high beams as headlights. High beams are not safety devices designed for city driving. It's much more dangerous as it blinds oncoming traffic from immediate hazards.
Usually, the landlord/HOA/unit owner isn't the building owner. The roof is considered private property of the building owner. You won't be cited but it is considered trespassing.
I worked for a car rental company which had a few exotics available. Let me tell you how annoyingly expensive those cars are to keep on the road. it's not just the upfront cost but it's the longevity that bites the hardest. Our rates per mile we're just enough to cover everything. I can't imagine owning one. I also own a Toyota because it's fun knowing 40,000 miles is nothing.
That's surprisingly large. The first gen R8 has barely enough room for an overhead carry-on and a backpack lmao.
Because there's no literal "switch" like Day Light Savings. Pretty much you could sum all that up as "buying power" but don't forget that the value of the savings needs to change as well. Two fun extremes to explore and compare would be Zimbabwe's economy and dollar versus Britan's economy and dollar.
Honestly I only pirate because of regional blackouts or awkward licensing. Or if I’m traveling. There’s a lot of songs I like not on Spotify, so I torrented them and have a playlist on my phone. If I’m on the road, I don’t want to stream because it’ll eat my data. So much easier to have a hard drive with all my movies and shows.
“It’s a project car, bro.”
With 7% interest
Elon has great vision but appoints really awful people to run each of his ventures. For example, this is the [employee parking lot.](http://abc7news.com/business/parking-at-bay-area-tesla-headquarters-factory-described-as-nightmare/1866510/) You know management is swamped and directors are blind when your parking lot sucks. My theory as to why it'll continue to succeed? Too many Musk fanboys burying the bad PR. SolarCity is a nightmare internally and its business model is backward (the eternal "leasing-to-own") but being a green energy company simply outweighs the zero PTO and horrible medical benefits. SpaceX is also a nightmare unless you're a project manager draining a team of interns to death.
If a connection pitches you a job which is based on recruiting new people, it's an MLM scheme. If the "interview" is a group interview where they pitch the job, it's an MLM scheme. If you have to pay to join the "opportunity," it's an MLM scheme. Remember, car salesmen don't sell people the job of being a salesman. They sell cars. When was the last time your dentist tried to recruit you for dental school?
ER stories and cop stories are a blast
I love boosting on people. My daily is this little old Jetta but it’s putting out 30 psi and is just nippy enough to shock most drivers. And the blow off value is fun to hear. I love it when it turns heads. Too bad it’s a Volkswagen... the headliner fell off and hit me in the head the other day. Plus all the electrical issues.
But serial killers are technically increasing the density of serial killer per square mile... so there’s that
Oh boy here I go contracting malaria again
I love nature and animals, but I fucking hate geese. They have the perfect chest slope and height to be punted. I really want to field goal kick a goose so fucking badly. I want to run Make a Wish and make the only wish an option to kick geese. I’d die happy knowing I sent an army of nearly dead children to play football with those feathery honking fucks.
Just wait until you start seeing large house centipedes... holy fuck they are scary looking and fast as butts.
Bay Area News Group runs their own separate display ad network called Adtaxi. They are super slippery at selling full paid marketing packages (AdWords) to a bunch of small businesses in the East Bay. So yeah there already is this weird local news group cabal that's doing reporting, subscriptions, and marketing services.
They are selling their own diet plans or looking for a DM in reply My buddy trains an "insta" model at her non-photoshoot gym (because "barbells don't sell") and it's just as annoying as recruiters on LinkedIn. A lot of supplement promoter bros leave rude comments because if the girl's profile is a business profile, she can disable DMs.
Earthquakes are pretty rare here tbh. It’s not like we live in constant fear or that there is a “season.” The last true earthquake was in ‘89. Our building codes are incredible and most homes are bolted into bedrock. Wildfires pose more danger than earthquakes. There’s a season and each year wildfires fucking wreck rural communities.
“It’s 1:34pm on a Thursday... I’ve wasted my morning but I have all day Friday and next week.” Fucking save me
Ayy Yep!
And the same vocals. Learning that the Chainsmokers were *two dudes* blew my mind.
Commissioning is commissioning. He won’t likely get his first MOS choice but they’ll find a place wherever the need is. Sure, they are dying for nurses and lawyers, but fuck it, you always need officers for intelligence, logistics, maintenance, etc. Although the Air Force might be different. The Navy/Marines probably accept everyone into OCS. You’ll never see the flight track though.
Wait dumb question. So Thanos knew he had a 50/50 chance of dying if he snapped his fingers? Or did the gauntlet protect the user from the end game? Also, where the fuck did he go?
Damn. He looks broken. Is this y’all king?
Wasn’t it $25,000 a seat to sit court side last night? It’s getting ridiculous. We should rebrand the *Golden State* Warriors to the *Silicon Valley* Warriors because only Peninsula residents can afford these tickets lmao. I think last seasons viewing parties still charged $500ish a head just to watch it on the Jumbotron.
I don’t know what to tell you, But RIP in peace
When you're young with a steady paycheck, you feel invincible. It's no different than a kid out of college going into his first sales job. I see it all the time: you now have work buddies, a salary, and a purpose. When you have downtime, you tend to go a bit wild whether it's doing 100+ on a sports bike or getting into a fight during another themed pub crawl like Santacon.
Laso for me was the best exercise in patience: First few hours: Stealth and sniping Last few seconds: HOLY FUCK RUNRUNRUNRUNRUN NONONONONO
This is 1D chess
LEAKED FRENCH HALO! Yes! I swear nobody knows about this anymore.
Also the 45 minute wait for a table on a Tuesday afternoon
The UC system has a long pattern of mismanagement and disrespect towards its own students and professors. These incidents are the literal tip of the iceberg. The UC system is also not very fond of its own constituents. They heavily favor international students over students from California.
Italian excitement is uniquely Italian
Did these people not understand earthquake insurance?? 99.99% sure lenders require it and home owners/investors would definitely have it.
Sooo... locals can't also be rich? Or newcomers can't be frugal? How daft do you have to be to not understand that symbols of wealth != wealth?
Doesn't Lawrence Berkeley and Livermore Labs count as tech, too? They were using particle colliders and developing the framework for nuclear warheads well before Ginsberg started screaming poetry in public.
Did he change his name or who tf is Tekashi? Sounds like a sushi roll
I love how their font sticks out in promotional posters lmao. On a serious note, I know nothing about metal besides the fact that it’s a massive umbrella of sub-genres. Where is a good place to start if I’m looking for something “slower”tempo? I feel like most metal is very fast.
Can confirm. Am one of those idiots. There’s a shop near me that dyes their vanilla blue and adds Oreos and cookie dough. They call it “the Cookie Monster” and it’s a hit. Yeah it’s a vanilla base but the blue food coloring trick works lmao.
Towing at that speed (sub 1mph) is literally going to do nothing besides make a lot of noise. The illegally parked car is an X6 M, which only comes in a flappy-paddle automatic gear box. It’s already in Park. I’ve winched more expensive rigs in worse conditions and both rigs walked away worth zero damage.
What the fuck does that mean lmao So taking Zoloft makes my anus more loose than expected????
You know there’s some Swiss couple right now thumbing through a mountaineering rule book about how this is “frowned upon” and not “proper climbing etiquette” or some shit. Same people who get mad when players at the US Open smile at their opponent or crack a joke with one of the ball boys.
It’s a BMW. Chances are the oil filter has a recall or VANOS is on its way out.
Guess we now know who the NFL is trying to protect next season. I guess players kneeling is more important than concussions or wasting tax payer dollars.
I have a cousin that moved to the "research triangle" in NC. They have maxed out their retirement plans, bought a 4-unit apartment complex, a boat, and paid off their student loans in a few years. I went to visit my friends "luxury" condo in Soma yesterday. There's no doorman, no parking garage, no rooftop patio, and one elevator. The walls are paper thin and the build quality is trash. The only thing luxury about her place is the $3k price tag. What the fuck.
Depends on the local culture and industry. New Yorkers tend to be very fashionable whereas Southerners tend to dress more practical. In San Francisco, bankers and analysts still wear suits, or at the very least, slacks and a dress shirt with an activewear vest. Tech companies are more relaxed. I see people wearing their workout gear to work. For the most part, its jeans, boots, and a pullover sweater. Women tend to wear pants, booties, and nice shirts if they are customer-facing. Wear whatever you want as long as you're comfy. Unless you're a hair stylist: they always wear black.
Guess it depends on your audience? I have a few friends in the cannabis industry and their posts about new strains and pens is met with very positive engagement. Weird side note: They get a lot of people begging/asking for free “samples.” I guess there’s a handful of shitty people who feel entitled to free stuff. Who knows.
Double stuffed ruined Oreos for me. Now I can’t eat the regular ones because they don’t have enough cream. Double stuffed has the perfect amount of stuff IMO.
It’s a pretty big issue regarding torrenting clients. They all sell out and eventually start bundling the download.exe with a few extra addons. These addons are usually platforms for watching free TV or some other dumb stuff which are actually just malware or are brokering adware. Funny enough, there is an equally huge back-backlash of “users” who deny that clients like uTorrent, Bittorent, et al are guilty of doing this and will blame you for the cause of any nasties.
Exactly. 2020 is coming up and this is another ingredient to the crockpot. It’s a slow simmer.
Also he never went to Alabama, an SEC school, or is even from the south. From Kansas and works for an old-school blue chip company on the verge of bankruptcy.
Do you not live in a major city? Like 95% of Salesforce’s employees are Millennials. Unless you work for some county utilities office or something, most companies are stacked with younger workers.
The gif is from the movie *American Gangster* for the curious.
YMMV. Ive tried this path before. The process can take months just to get your initial request heard. Then came the written “statement of financial burden,” which required me to outline what steps I’ve taken to triage my financial life around my hospital bills. I had to submit pay stubs and receipts to back my written claim. From what I was told, charity and even payment structures are prioritized for the truly uninsured. “Underinsured” and even those on unemployment benefits or tax credits weren’t considered. This was a Stanford hospital. Not sure how other networks handle these sorts of things.
Car insurance is different than health insurance silly. Your Blue Shield PPO isn’t covering a stranger you hit on the road lmao. Your health insurance is for yourself and your dependables (if you added any). Your AllState (or whatever ca reinsurance provider) is covering the strangers bills. That’s what the medical lines in your policy are outlining. Plus, you only pay the deductible, not a percentage of the line.
Yeah real estate is an interesting exclusion. Mostly because the first home you purchase is viewed as a *living expense* to every stakeholder in the transaction. Your second residential purchase is when it’s considered an investment. (Not sure why /r/personalfinance gets so heated on this topic, but it’s true. In the eyes of the SEC and IRS, your primary residence does not contribute to your net worth. So homes aren’t “secondary goods” or investment vehicles, they are CoL liabilities.) Commercial real estate is a different beast. I can’t speak on it.
It’s like layers of dried sweat and dirt and what you’re smelling is months of grime and fermentation in the arm pits and knee pits. I think decaying animals (at the liquified stage) are the only organic smell that’s comparable. But I’ve smelled some people who were worse than a pig I had to bury ...which was mostly fatty liquid. Honestly, I stopped seeing a girl simply because she ...didn’t bathe. I chalked up the first few days as “oh, she’s sweaty from the gym” and “oh, she’s more on the natural side.” But she was dead serious when she said “I don’t use the shower in my apartment. I just swim in the lake.”
Eh wealthy communities have their fair share of drug problems. Right now Salt Lake City is dealing with a massive heroin problem fueled by opioid abuse. When I lived near Silicon Valley, 9 out of 10 DotCom-era families were hooked on Xanax and Xanax-like drugs. We’re taking guys making millions in residuals and running VC firms on Sand Hill Road. Nobody is sober in tech and it’s still true today. Go to the Marina in SF and ask a girl if she’s done coke or snorted Adderall. Those bathrooms are covered in powder. It’s like actors. You’ll never met a sober actor or actress. Everyone is high or buzzed on stage. The stage hands are even worse.
At this point I’m -$25k in the hole and my last client is literally milking the terms of the contract. I submitted my invoice the day after the project, and she’s two days away from the 30 day cut off. (99.99% of my freelancing clients pay within 24 hours after I submit my invoice.) It’s literally gotten to the point where the hole keeps sinking but the ladder isn’t growing fast enough to reach the bottom. Kind of hard to stay cool when it’s looking like another 30+ days *on top of another billing cycle* without income. Amex just locked me out of my card until I can pay a $1k minimum so I can’t get gas now lmao.
Stay away from the Apple Support forums. You’ll be called a hacker or accused of pirating software if you ask anything beyond a basic iCloud or syncing question. Look at questions about corrupted data an iPod or iPhone. So many users say it’s because OP pirates music or jailbroke the device. Apple fans have like zero technical knowledge.
Not OP but in high school, I joined a two week trip to England. I didn't have any privacy that whole trip. (5 guys to a room, group activities from sun up to sun down, showers were those lockerroom open concept things, etc). When I landed and got home, I think I beat some world record of 45 seconds of soft to sploosh to a topless ad in a copy of Elle.
It gives a lot of context for *Reach* the game. You find out pretty quick why Noble team is such an odd bunch of Spartans.
I'm not a fan of Halo 4, but credit where credit is due: I do like 343s MC design a lot. But the Halo 5 multiplayer armor is ugly. It's like Power Rangers meets Transformers. It's too plastic and boy racer.
^^This ^^is ^^good ^^for ^^bitcoin
I can see why throwing Game 4 is a solid strategy. Gives a chance to rest the starters and play more of the bench. Plus, a home win is better!
Reliable, good MPG, and cheap may be a bit of a stretch. Having grown up with Volkswagens and owning/driving everything in the VWaG family, avoid them with a 9 1/2 foot pole. Yeah, Jettas are "cute," but the 5th and 6th gens are plagued with electrical issues, recalls, and TSBs. Plus, the DSG needs a huge mechatronics replacement and the timing belt will shred at 100k miles. The FSI motors get caked up thanks to California's PCV requirements and the TSI blow turbos like a Vegas hooker. If you want all three, Toyotas (excluding the Matrix) are going to be your best bet. Thankfully Tacomas are out of the question (terrible MPG) due to their insane resale value. Older generation Priuses are still kick ass in terms of reliability.
I think it means visually loud like too much going on. But I don’t mind it. I can see why people don’t care for the design. I guess ironically, it’s so visually loud that it’s pleasant to look at on the road. Too many cars are too conservative outside the hot hatch/fwd couple scene.
I used to think this was impossible, but I have a buddy who went from hardcore liberal/anarchist &gt; making fun of conservative positions &gt; “hmmm well X Y Z makes an interesting point” &gt; sharing Alex Jones and Ben Shapiro videos and begging us to give a few minutes of our time to listen. His catalyst? He’s spent the last five years backpacking around the world. At first, he had a huge group but they all went back home one-by-one to start careers. Now he’s literally alone and is stuck teaching in very conservative Pacific Islander cities. When he’s not teaching, he’s at his apartment browsing the boards and watching conspiracy videos.
It’s managed at the district level, not individual schools. Also, this is only for public schools. Private schools generally don’t have their own bus system unless there’s some prearranged route agreement. Parent usually drop their kids off on the way to work. In larger cities, some kids will commute on the subway or public buses.
Wait I’m confused. Wouldn’t my income be higher later in life than it is early? So if I’m young, shouldn’t my retirement income be substantially higher than what my take home is today? If I’m making $X as a 26 year old... why wouldn’t I be making $X+Y right up until I retire? Or does a Roth IRA make sense for me?
We don’t have Waffle House where I live. What am I missing? 😔
PMI and closing costs are going to molest your finances with 5% down
Also, "100% medical" doesn't always mean you pay $0/mo. It's like the "100%" real fruit juice" deceptive labels: It's 90% sugar, but the 10% that is fruit juice is real fruit juice. I've seen comp packages which are actually "We'll pay for the legally required portion of the worst health insurance plan in existence. You're responsible for the rest." But it's labeled as 100% medical in their job ad. That, or 100% medical only applies to a handful of employees.
Scammers on Bart will literally get in your face or drop the Kleenex “gift” on your lap. I’ve seen scammers tap on peoples headphones or laptop screens just to provoke a response.
Yep. There’s a scam making rounds coming from a 714 area code phone number. It’s asking to set up repayment plans regarding Visa credit card debt. The voicemail will ask you to call a number. But the number to call back doesn’t match the one on the back of my card or any Visa website... I imagine the victim will call the fake 877 number, be asked to “verify” their DOB, SSN, and CC number, etc over the phone.
Oh shit whats up. I used to commute on Bart but now I’m 99% work from home. It happened mostly during the “off” hours like 10am-2pm or on the weekends. I never saw scammers and pan handlers during commute hour.
Meetup really drops the ball for me. Not sure if it’s the groups or locations, but it’s becoming a “boys club” sort of speak. I hope table top groups are different... 99% of the soccer clubs/teams are just on there to advertise and aren’t looking for new members. I tried joining a bouldering group, but they decided to do top rope and nobody wanted to pair with me :( Then I got kicked for not attending an happy hour event. The hackathons and networking events are just friends shooting the shit and give you the cold shoulder. Kind of ironic but Meetup is really awful for the FNG looking for friends :(
I truly believe Bakersfield was founded by the poor souls lost coming home from Disneyland. Only eons of inbreeding fueled by meth could produce such a cesspool of desperation.
^^^Totally ^^^not ^^^NCIS
Let me introduce you to the world of pharmacies. The old lady in front of you has to ask the same 20-fucking-million questions about the same medication she's been taking for 10+ years. No, Bertha, this 1mg laxative isn't going to harm you if you take it at 7am instead of 6am. No, Larry, like I said 3 times so far, you don't even need birth control, so why are you so worried some customers take it. You ask this same fucking question every goddamn month. Shut the flipping flapjacks up and go away because you're wasting everyone's time.
That traffic should decrease once the Pt Richmond ferry is built right?
It took Caltrans like 10 years to build a merge between 101 and 580 in San Rafael. That section is maybe 100 yards at best. In Oregon and Washington, I witnessed 6 overpasses built in the span of a few months and an entire city repaved in a year. California is awful.
Good luck finding an employer who doesn't mind a flex-commute. Most want butts-in-seats 8-6 which has replaced the 9-5 norm. And unless you're director-level and above at a non-tech company, your laptops are geofenced so you can't work offsite. It's ironic that the tech capital of the US still clings to archaic work policies. Even Wall Street is more flexible as long as you aren't a market analyist.
Playing devil's advocate but my patience is running very very thin. In the 90s, I was empathetic and volunteered. During the housing crash, I had family friends who fell on hard times. Now, I'm a hair trigger away from having a public freakout. Bart panhandlers are getting more aggressive. Transients are brawling in the streets. Junkies are groping people on Polk. Beggers are getting in tourist's faces demanding money. Just yesterday I almost struck 3 jaywalkers who were all homeless. One guy tried getting in my window screaming. Right off the 5th exit on 101, one guy was laying in the middle of the intersection. I saw a group of transients going through people's motorcycles parked by the Transamerica Pyramid. I'm getting tired of tolerating this behavior.
It goes insanely far. Plus, you can start investing in passive income opportunities way earlier. My buddy sold his landscaping business for a high six figure number. He bought a small apartment complex and hired a friend to be the landlord. Now he’s back in an office job and the apartment complex is fully paid off and is occupied with happy tenants. He’s making more from the tenants than he is from the 9-5. And here I am blowing 65% of my paycheck on rent in SF...
It’s something taught in more advanced writing classes, but a thesaurus can be dangerous if you rely on it too much. The words are exact replacements. For example, *home* and *abode* aren’t the same thing despite their closeness in a thesaurus. When you start swapping out words for words in a thesaurus, you start to lose consistency and trustworthiness. So consider “Steve opened the door and walked into his house” versus”Steve unbarred the portal and crossed the threshold into his abode.” Nobody talks like that. Use a dictionary, look at the “See Also” examples, and check out those definitions.
Depends on the specific track. Nursing will always be in demand but things like PA schools are becoming overly popular. It swings. Maybe 10 years ago, physicians assistants were fewer and farther between. Today, every bio major under the SoCal sun is bum rushing the PA track to skip residency. I see more hype for ER nursing where I live. Could be a localized thing.
&gt;Was it obvious it was going to happen or did it take people by surprise? YMMV but I survived two layoff rounds but got caught by the 3rd wave. The layoffs weren't a surprise but it was *who got laid off* that surprised us. The 1st round was mostly SDRs and random ops folks, which is pretty common for a SaaS company that is growing too fast and expecting too much. It was random directors and managers who were crushing their goals who caught us by surprise. I remember when we lost a well-loved ops director, the whole 2nd floor burst into a riot. He was an amazing leader, but the C-levels thought he wasn't a good "fit" for the restructuring. &gt;Were you told to leave that day or did they give you a week or some time before you were officially let go? I wasn't very high up when I was let go. I was a hybrid graphic design, SEO, email marketer. I lost a lot of fellow marketers in the 2nd round. We went from 50 down to 10. The 3rd round happened a month later. The VP, who was my de facto boss, knew what I was working on and we just suspended my projects like a half-hammered nail in drywall. I wasn't given any severance package besides a month's pay and a COBRA packet. &gt;What were the warning signs? It was a very volitile startup, so we all saw the writing on the wall when we grew too quickly and our ops team couldn't handle the volume of tickets. Sales is generally the only department that matters, so we had to keep generating leads for them despite the lack of account execs and customer support. I remember we had the VP of Sales sit in on every meeting to question our budget. Our SEM guy got into a yelling match with her because she was complaing the bid spend was too high. He lashed back and said something like "you don't deserve these leads if you treat them like money instead of customers." So, yeah, when fighting breaks out you know it's getting bad.
Yes
Except they aren’t. It’s a chemical imbalance compounding with external pressures. For example, ADHD isn’t people being lazy. It’s people lacking the basic architecture to start or stop a task. Medication brings them back to the normal functioning threshold most of us experience day to day.
&gt;I roll my window down a smidge Yeah, no. Don't let people into your personal space. This guy tried to socially engineer you into an armed robbery. This whole situation is bleeding red flags: * You were alone (He's not going to approach a group) * He wasn't carrying the cables (If he really didn't have cables, he would have said something) * Scanning his surroundings (Making sure he can command the situation) * Beater car (stolen) * Car had no plates (again, stolen) * Dress didn't match his situation (he's pulling frequent jobs) * Attitude changes from sympathy to ordering (he's losing the opportunity) * Tries to separate you from the crowd (part of the "victim" trifecta) Just dip.
&gt;tasty The bar lowers very quickly for some more than others
I was going to say this is edgy, but having worked in the creative field for 3+ years, it's sadly true. You could spend 100+ hours getting mockups approved, copy drafted, and examples drawn up for an infographic only to have some random exec say they hate the color blue and want the whole project trashed. One time we had a blog post with an example about divorce. It was published and circulated. The next day, the VP of Sales comes in and demands us to take it down since her husband planned to file for a divorce. Look bitch, 1) we can't read minds, 2) we can't predict the future, and 3) I don't even report to you.
Yeah we had to take it down. Office politics lmao. She was kind of a “big deal” since we poached her from a blue chip company (not naming names) and bent over backwards for her. She eventually usurped the CEO and drove us into the ground within a year for the debt restricting/buy out severance package. She walked away with her equity cashed out (like a few million) and we got nothing but the chance to say we worked at a failing start up.
Sounds like a mobile CRM. I've marketed real estate CRMs (basically lighter versions of Salesforce) and everything you described is already a feature most agents use to track their pipelines. We even had call recording and automatic dialers. It would also parse data from social media to pull their career histories, potential incomes, etc. There are professional "dating apps" on the market. I believe Bumble as a find-a-friend platform and there's also an app thats a mix of UpWork and LinkedIn where you can solicit services, find a mentor, or hire a freelancer, etc.
It's been a fast minute, but I think Chime, Placester, Boston Logic, and maybe Contactually have these features. I know Chime is mobile-first whereas the rest made mobile apps recently after being desktop only for awhile.
... A concert is a performance. A plane landing is another segment of supply chain logistics. You don't clap when the mailman arrives each day or when the subway train pulls up to your stop. This isn't Disneyland. The pilot is a professionally overworked, tired as fuck captain who wonders when he can lateral to a nicer airline like Korean Air that doesn't shuttle around people from Ohio who buy timeshares in Florida. This man has 1000+ flight hours and y'all motherfuckers are clapping like he saved United flight 99.
Confession time: I am guilty of doing everything wrong outlined in this video except for using a muni-only lane. It's extremely confusing but everyone else is playing by some unwritten rules. You kind of do what other people are doing out of fear.
Yeah this guy has a rap sheet of hate crimes. His posters are out and about around Berkeley, too. He's one of those "gang stalking" or "targeted individuals" who is Schizotypal. Just avoid him at all costs. He's a danger to himself and others. (I think he battered a random child on the street recently.)
It’s very weird but what can I say? It’s office politics. It was one blog post out of the 5 a week we were publishing. So I’m more surprised she actually read our blog than her reaction haha. She was also Hitler when it came to the volume of leads, not the quality. Also, she would argue against every dollar marketing was budgeted... which is ironic. So we weren’t allowed to spend money but we had to drive leads out of thin air.
I’m a big proponent of marrying your best friend. Not as in literally marry one of your current best friends, but as in become best friends with your SO and then get married. Besties go through ups and downs, they have separate lives but catch up like they never left each other’s sides, and can go extended periods without talking but it’s not weird.
You don’t have girl best friends? You can be besties with the opposite sex. So it’s totally possible to feel like your SO is also a best friend lmao.
Oh god we do this too. When one of my friends gets agitated, his voice goes up a full octave. Like borderline falsetto. So naturally we fuck with him.
How did you find the job? What are the hours like?
Lmao sounds like G Eazy. Dude was very middle class and his earliest tracks were about partying to hyphy music. Now his lyrics are all about emotional pain from the struggle. Like my guy, you went to Berkeley High and used to wear grills un-ironically.
Yeah lmao. I’ve sent peoples heads spinning when I tell them Muslims actually recognize and praise Jesus as a prophet. He’s just not *the most recent one.* There are millions of Christians who think Islam and Christianity have zero overlap. It might be an evangelical/racism thing but apparently people don’t study other scriptures besides their own lol. I’ve even blown people’s minds when I told them Audi is a VW brand.
What's happening is you're using a search engine for a task which involves pulling indexed data of other search engines. It's the same with real estate. Not sure how much you know about real estate, but essentially you've created a Zillow alert while simultaneously browsing every local MLS: duplicates and bad data are bound to happen, especially with rentals. You'll notice the same rentals posted on 100s of sites after a few days on market. Most job boards are actually aggregators. Even if a company uses lever.co or their own website to post jobs, an aggregator is going to scrape that data, publish it on their own platform, and then more aggregators will scrape that aggregator, etc, etc. You've essentially tasked Google to pull aggregator 1's postings which also contain postings for aggregator 2 and 3, which also scrape from 1, 5, 6, 7... After awhile, the data is going to get so polluted.
I thought vodka was the sign of poverty in Russia which is why whiskey is popular. Or maybe I hang out with more Americanized Russians, but that’s what I learned in a few Russian nightclubs and weddings. If you want to look rich, you drink imported (cheap) American whiskey.
You know, the fact that you had to mention it’s 100% legal without me even asking must mean it’s legit. Flipping flapjacks, sign me up!
Gyms are prime targets for “diet” supplement schemes like Herbalife and that legging one. It gets worse when you work as a personal trainer because half your coworkers and half your clients are caught up in one MLM or another.
In NBA2K, you can get a flagrant foul if you swear at your TV lmao. Which is extra hilarious considering all the bullshit the AI pulls.
Once Game of Thrones (tv) dropped, it was pretty easy to pick out people in your friend groups who believed everyone were 2D characters and couldn’t wrap their heads around the notion of good/evil not being binary. Not saying GoT is the first show to do it, but it’s just the most mainstream personal example I could think of. Like Jaime. I still have friends who literally skip his scenes lmao.
Depends on the state. ADA has its limits and last I checked, the laws state “making accommodations within reason” which protects the building owner from going bankrupt or taking out home equity loans to pay for the remodel. Also renting out a room in a house versus a residential building, the year of construction, number of units, etc. You can’t just force Little Susie from taking on a $100k loan to make sure her top level split can fit an elevator for an applicant.
Yep the markups are insane. Ford dealerships near me have Raptors in the $100k range... You could buy an RS or a Shelby GT and a super old truck for mudding. Raptors are not even worth their sticker price, let alone these stupid dealer markups. Toyota is also running wild with the manual Tacos. You can have an auto Taco for $33 or the 5 speed for $45 lmao.
Those better be organic, free range babies
Oh shit are those still a thing? There used to be regular meets at the North Gate mall.
This works because *you the business owner* are voluntarily giving someone with a bigger audience a free sample. We’re talking about people who are demanding that *you the business owner* give away free goodies for “exposure” even though 1) they aren’t an influencer and 2) you have no idea who they are. Demanding that artists do work for free is not fine.
*File must be in .pdf but must be less than 250KB* "I'm sorry but we won't be moving forward with your application. We had trouble reading your resume. It was really blurry."
With the Patriot Act, it's pretty difficult to put large sums of cash into a bank. It's ironic, but I was "caught" depositing my grandparent's liquid estate into my account. I have Wells Fargo, and one day I received a letter in the mail saying my account was frozen pending an internal investigation. The manager said I can only have six "account activities" per month with the sums I was depositing. I had to write up some contract and claim the source of the income. So, yeah you can't just walk into a bank with hella cash and expect their CRM software to be okay with it. You'll be stopped and questioned.
Still doesn't address my point. You can't walk into the bank with literal sacks of cash, at least not more than twice a month. That's how I got stopped. Their house had literal stacks of cash, and I brought them to my bank over the course of a month as we cleaned it out, opened safes, selling assets, selling cars, etc. **Short of calling the police, the bank was pissed.** I couldn't use my WF accounts for a month or two while they did their "investigation." I know it's a federal law thing, but still. It's ironic you can't bank the old school way by bringing in cash. XXX was probably making a lot of money from gigs and appearances, which were probably physical cash or check. His residuals (I think he was unsigned) probably were very little.
YMMV on your particular industry, job function, etc. Having worked in one industry (real estate) since college, it's opened a lot of higher quality, niche jobs, but it's also closed a lot of doors due to my intense knowledge of only one field. For example, brokers light up when I mention I've worked in real estate. Retailers could not care less. It's easier to network if you've been in an industry for so long because you can "talk shop" and rub elbows more frequently with influencers. The second I step into a new industry, I am the FNG at the company and in the industry space. But back to job function. In my case, real estate is very "offline" and low tech. Mention a CRM, and 9/10 agents will say they still collect business cards. But having worked on the backend in real estate, I can more easily lateral to SaaS because I know marketing automation, sales, how to write copy, databases, etc. So, what I'm trying to say is it's easier to move higher up the industry ladder the longer you stew. But it's like being a chef of one cuisine. If you can cook and do the basics, you can pretty much tackle most other cuisines. Or think of it like video games: types of games and platforms. If you only play console FPS, you might not be great at PC FPS, but you could easily market yourself as a console player who can pick up a MOBA.
Did you take it on an empty stomach or a large meal? Coffee? For some reason, my XR behaves differently depending on my metabolism.
Hmmm. Well this is the first day and your on-ramping period may be longer than expected. Personally, my mind was like a train. It took almost a month of consistent action until I was steaming along at full speed.
It goes Got another application rejection Watching my friends buy houses Had a moment at my parents for feeling like I'm stuck in a prison 3 of my clients (freelancing at the moment) won't pay me Health insurance is now $850/mo but I can't drop it FICO down 100+ points because late bills Saw some kid on /r/personalfinance mention he's rolling in the dough. I'm happy for him.
How deep is the penalty generally? Is it safe to assume it’s a 200 point drop or is it a full drop to “0”?
So if two women use your sperm, pop out little doobs, and then those two doobs have a kid... oh god. Oh god. Stop this man.
Dated a girl who would put on music **full blast** because she hated sex noises. But there was no rhyme or reason for the playlist choice. It was weird humping to everything from soft Peruvian flutes to throwback Avril Lavigne songs. I think at one point the Hunt For Red October soundtrack came on.
That’s fucking hilarious lmao
You'll have to read the specific details of the agreement. YMMV. I generally work on pre-release products or for "stealth mode start ups" which don't want info leaked to the public before the official PR announcement. I've signed plenty of NDAs and they range from "don't mention the product name to the public, only the internal project name" to "all your creatives are owned by us and you can't take the idea of them to another company until X date."
The hell? I live near a major UC and all the 21 year olds are obsessed with G Eazy, Russ, Childish Gambino and drink a shit ton of box wine, sour beers, and have crushes on grad students. Maybe you got a weird one.
That house is a weird intersection of McMansion and knock-off LA modern. The lines make no sense. There’s no architectural continuity. Why do those columns have crown moulding? Why are there Mission-style arches with those railings? Why is there a painting outside? Why is there a spiral staircase? Who the fuck designed this house lmao.
Never understood this. I like to time my speed and flowing distance so I’m always coasting. Keep it in first if traffic is especially sticky. Makes the ride more smooth for the guy behind me. He can coast, too.
Time on Market is really alarming. It's way too quick. Typically, homes will sit on the MLS for at least 30 days. 60 days for (true) luxury and niche, and 90+ for ranches. 15 days is not a long time to go from listing to contingency. And keep in mind that's the seller choosing the offer, which means the seller is typically fielding multiple offers within the first week. Hell, my friend is selling (inherited the real estate in the trust) and she had people literally walk into the home and make an offer when the listing agent was coordinating the staging before the first open home. I've seen buyers throw out the disclosure packets because they'll use cash (not delayed mortgage, but physical cash via wire transfer) and fix the home later. They'll buy a sinkhole with dry rot if it means owning Bay Area real estate. Something needs to be done, and IMO, it should start with the FHA to focus on something else besides mortgages. The FHA needs to man up and swing the hammer down and focus on other ways to help buyers. Start with a cool down period where cash buyers have to go through a waiting period (minimum 30 days) to make up for the mortgage buyer contingency period.
AT&amp;T is absolute trash. There are dead zones on the Bay Bridge and half of the East Bay. Verizon is the best in terms of coverage but it's a bit higher in cost. Unfortunately, I am grandfathered into an OG AT&amp;T plan so I can push 90 gigs a month and still only pay $40.
“Hey guys, my company just IPO’ed and I’m sitting on 500M worth of stock. I’m thinking of buying a home closer to work after taking a small vacation with my family.” Personal Finance: Fuck your lazy ass wife and force her to get a second job. Look into maxing out a Roth IRA. Sell all your cars and buy a bicycle. Move to the Midwest. Lease your children into indentured servitude. Ask your creditors to settle for a lower lump sum. Cut up all your credit cards. Buy beans. Sell your hair. Look into getting a weekend job.
"Er ist schlimmer als die Juden" Fuck I felt weird typing that out lmao
Oh snap was my German correct? It's been awhile since I've written it. I couldn't remember if it was *die* or *der*
^^^GOOD ^^VIBES ^ONLY *pic of her back while looking at the Mediterranean* "I only swiped for your dog"
I mean having worked for a Chinese owned-company in a Chinese VC funded portfolio, the consensus is mainland China sucks for the booming middle and upper classes. Why do you think so many kids flock to American universities, even the smaller, less prestigious ones? Why do you think Canadian real estate is being swallowed up at a record rate? Every summer, there are literal millions of Chinese interns flooding the job markets. In order to set yourself apart, you have to be born blessed with political connections or you go to America to study and hopefully stay and get hired. The work culture isn't as strict as Japan, but it's equally as crazy. You have to shut up, suck up, keep up with everything your boss does down to the number of shots he takes at a work dinner. The fact that I see this first hand means something is a bit broken back home.
A Blue Shield 70 Silver (PPO) is $450 a month. It was $280 three years ago. Mind you, this is the 2nd cheapest option that’s not catastrophic.
Posey is all “hey guys is this snack break time! no? that’s okay I’m happy just to be here.”
VC money isn’t “free.” You have an obligation to answer to the portfolio manager who represents the fund’s source. So you don’t take the funds and run. Those people also get a say in your day to day as well as your strategies.
Eh. I went to a tire shop recently to get 215/45s mounted on a set of staggered wheels. I brought my truck to carry the wheels to the shop. The wheels are going on my Volkswagen. It took me a solid 15 minutes to explain that 1) these wheels are for another car, which somehow didn’t make sense for any shop tech 2) I’m not leaving the truck here and just here to drop off the wheels to get new tires mounted 3) I can’t drive the Volkswagen to the shop to do this because 3.1) the wheels are clearly lacking tires and 3.2) these are the only wheels in this bolt pattern that can fit my Volkswagen 4) You can mount the same size tire on two different wheel widths. A 215/45 will fit on both an 8” and 9” wheel 5) I know these wheels are wider in the rear than the front I went to the shop down the road after the manager said the wheels in question were the wrong bolt pattern for my truck. He didn’t understand the wheels are for my other car even after I showed him a picture of said car. Not sure how I was in the wrong lmao. I’m just here to get a new set of tires for my project car.
Dennis, are you saying you burn people for fun? You haven’t thought of the smell! You bitch!
A T H I C C H U N T E R K I T IS A V A I L A B L E I N Y O U R A R E A
Apprentices don’t make much money for the first few years. You’re skirting the 1099 loophole and barely breaking $8/hr at the end of the day. Plus, you’re on your own for medical, commuter fees, food, and other benefits. So at the end of the the month, you’re your own little non-profit.
Not OP but in a similar end situation. Life happens. I’m not too sure how to explain it, but life has a funny way of throwing twists and turns. People aren’t all built the same, too. I lost my job over a year ago and I’ve been hustling side gigs and part time work to pay the bills. I went from making a killing to making below minimum wage overnight. What happens is when you make so much money at a young age, you feel invincible. You can swipe your credit cards up a few grand knowing you can pay that off. Well nobody has a crystal ball. So you swipe and swipe and swipe and you forget to save. Then once the income stream is plugged, you’re still on the hook for the last billing cycle. Essentially, you have a debt which went from manageable to crippling. It’s like skiing back country and your memory resets right as your escaping an avalanche. You’re screwed. I got my personal overhead down to $1100 excluding the minimum card payments. I make barely $2000/mo. Unfortunately, $450 of my personal overhead is my personal health insurance. I can’t “leave” my insurance because it’s not open enrollment and I don’t “qualify” for Medicare because I make a percentage over the limit. When I first enrolled, my plan was $200/mo. It shot up to $450 inJanuary. So I have about $900 a month to triage between groceries, car stuff (gas, insurance), commuter fees, and then the minimum card payments. Ive optimized my job search to the point where I have four interviews a week but no offers. I’m talking late stage interviews where the choice is between me and another dude.
It’s tough to stay positive, which is why I relate to this post so well. A lot of people don’t realize is there is this massive chasm between people who qualify for support and people who have a self-sustaining system in place to support themselves and others. This “grey area” is a pit lined with “well, you make X too much because *last year* you filed too much” or “well, our payment plans are reserved for families or people with dependents.” Plus, financial assistance programs take time. You don’t get Medicare overnight like private insurance. It takes months. You don’t get financial assistance or debt repayment. It takes months. A lot of your time is spent documenting and then waiting. This does get better, but I don’t want to wait 7 years for my credit score to go up. I don’t want to wait 10 years to “work my way up” and get a good salary. I just need my old job back. That’s it. Literally, I just need money now.
Can Loki’s illusions interact with the environment? I was under the impression only real Loki could hold actual objects.
Ah makes sense thank you. So it’s possible that Loki is alive and hiding out (again). I guess that plot point is overdone, but it would be interesting if he shape-shifted into one of Thanos’ off-screen goons to learn more about him. And then surprise! It’s Loki
Sounds like the crazy mistress hired a PI to “keep tabs” on OP. So over time, she would know where OP would most likely be on any given day. Probably a control/power trip thing.
It would be incredibly cold, smelly, and loud :( Although the effects of combat on hearing was known, ear protection wasn't really a thing.
IRS: *snaps fingers* Fill out that 1099-MISC, buddy
7 days?? Sooo... the brand of almond milk I buy has a very relaxed expiration date of a few months! I assumed that meant almond milk doesn't expire like normal milk but I guess I am drinking nasty expired almond milk!!
Not to be pedantic, but Vimeo and YouTube aren’t direct competitions. Vimeo is a content platform for professionals and YouTube is a search engine that indexes video content. Vimeo isn’t 100% free the last time I checked. (There’s a file size/volume upload limit.) And Vimeo doesn’t offer monetization for creators. It’s just a portfolio. Like the Deviant Art of video content. Not saying YouTube is peak video content. But Vimeo is like a racing yacht broker to Disneyland Cruises. Two different things that share the same ocean.
I live on a one-way street. I get honked at/yelled at/flipped off from people driving down the wrong way... one lady said she was calling the cops and then spent a good 15 minutes trying to figure out why all the parking spots were facing the "wrong" way.
Add in the incompetence of school administrators, the immunity of tenure, and shitty salaries and you get a system of overworked/underpaid new teachers who have to fight tooth and nail to make sure the tenured old hags aren't neglecting their duties to actually teach. I have few friends who are teachers and the worst people aren't the parents, they are the school and district admins. There's a huge disconnect between teaching theory and application.
That's how I also view conspiracy nuts. Conspiracies are decentralized: it's a single person interpreting a loosely defined theory in order to feel a sense of purpose. Cults are centralized: whereas conspiracy nuts feel wronged by an "invisible force," e.g. "it's Big Bank and Big Credit only taking my money!", cult members know they are marginalized (possibly of no fault of their own) and seek comfort in a group of like-minded individuals, e.g. "I can't form meaningful friendships and this man who claims he is a prophet says he knows how to make friends." In other words, I have seen flat earthers argue about the rules of flat earth lmao. Flat Earth doesn't want new members: they just want to feel superior. Whereas cults like to attract the marginalized by making them feel wanted.
Baptists and Christians eat seafood lmao. Catholics even have a day dedicated to eating fish (Good Friday). I'd say most religious folks prefer other forms of protein over red meat. There's nothing in scripture which says you have to eat steaks and potatoes 24/7. The overlap obesity and the Bible Belt is probably just cost, convenience, and culture versus religious drive.
Pretty sure the display network is CPC-only on Youtube. And it's gotten really good at weeding out click bots that pollute goal conversions.
You ever see those pictures of EMS or highway patrol reading books to children at the scene of an accident? I’m not a parent but I understand why. He was keeping the children of the country calm while letting his cabinet organize a response behind the scenes. It’s a perfect demonstration of leadership philosophies. You don’t need to immediately spring into action, screaming battle cries while beating drums. You act as a leader by being strategic. There’s that Game of Thrones quote about how Kings don’t execute their own orders. They send others to do their bidding. Oftentimes, the best reaction is no reaction until a better moment arrives. In this case, it was decided to be a pillar of calm against a sea of chaos. Personally, I think it sends a stronger message: Enemies of the State will reap what they sow.
So he’s basically an intellectual property fence
I think it's ironic how audiences criticize characters for "acting out of character" yet themselves act without logic and reason in their own lives. Friend: "Ugh, I hate this show now. A would never do that. So out of character. B should just tell the truth, too!" Same Friend: *Quits finance job without notice, decides to spend a month backpacking in Argentia, meets girl, gets her pregnant, comes home, picks up a quilting hobby, then goes to nursing school for a semester then quits.*
My base net income is ~$4500/mo (about $2200 every other Friday with some change). My OTE beefs it up a bit if I hit my goals and such but that’s on an annual basis. I hate to be an excuse machine, but I use this car a lot as it’s tied to my hobbies of being outdoors and getting dirty. It’s not a daily driver or mall crawler. It’s for overlanding and exploration.
Thanks! Dumb question, but is it typical to see higher interest rates with longer terms? And is it possible to get lower than 3.5%? The 72 months seems to be my target.
Oh what up neighbor. My favorites are the people who use the turn-only lanes to skip ahead at red lights and the solo drivers in the carpool lane. It’s not as crazy as LA but it’s borderline lawless lmao.
My out-of-state car got a parking ticket for "no front plate" even though 1) my car is registered in another state, and 2) my state doesn't require two plates. So I guess I broke the most heinous of laws.
#ENOUGH WITH THE SALES TAX GODDAMN THIS SHIT IS LIKE 11% NOW. THIS REALLY SAUCES MY NUGGETS I SWEAR.
RIP thanks to IBM :( Couldn’t think of a stuffier company than Oracle to gut and nut all over a fun pipeline and work environment.
Her character is very well written from someone who knows a few “Jans” personally. Jan paints the sales leadership archetype down to a tee: everything is “minutes to midnight” and KPIs are all she can focus on outside of shotty strategies which completely ignore morale and happiness. Ironically, all of my Jan-like friends have never seen an episode of The Office. My theory is it will be a huge wake up call lmao. I constantly have to remind one of my besties that she is subconsciously managing her boyfriend, which SHE HATES when I do that. They broke up recently and she still doesn’t understand why he felt “controlled” and micro-managed lmao.
He’s also narrating a show on Nat Geo
Strikers have insane bursts of speed but yeah it’s tough to maintain anything other than a light jog for over an hour. You can get outclassed quickly when it comes down to footwork later in the game. Sounds super cheap, but it’s easy to mess with other players as a defender because they are so winded and you are just jogging.
Les Mis is one of my favorite “Chipotle-style” words which have hilarious mispronunciations. To this day, my friend’s mom is militant about pronouncing it: LEZ MYSER-ABLES And she gets super butt hurt if you correct her lmao. She also pronounced Chipotle as CHIP POTTLE.
Yep I was about to say this is all about the bluffing battle between the teacher and the student, but in reality, the teacher is cool af with by finding a hilarious middle ground.
For me, it’s a lot like poutine: the theory of combining those ingredients sounds gross but the execution is super delicious. It’s a very hearty meal and super tasty depending on your hunger level. It’s sausage gravy and there are bits of sausage in there, too. The gravy is not a typical gravy like for turkeys or pork dishes.
Yup. Places like Labdoor have popped up where they test all the big boys and even the little guys that you submit. Also, BB forums can make or break a brand especially with their online store lmao. It used to only be a shit posting place before Reddit blew up.
You mean individual designer stores? Places like Michael Kors and J Crew can easily survive next to each other. In fact, it’s a good strategy since shoppers will pop back and forth. Clothes aren’t all made the same... lot like cars on the auto mall strips. Toyota and Honda can duke it out on the same street with BMW down the road.
Enemy AC-130? The splash damage was enough to tickle my pickle indoors regardless of what roof covered my head. But when I got an AC-130? *Hehehehe* goes the Gatling. *Pew pew pew* goes the secondary. *Hey there, Partner!* Goes the main canon as it gently massages the enemy team’s feet.
My dad responded to a meth house fire. Once. Apparently, the home brew process of extracting chemicals and just general meth making are enough to ruin clothes and equipment.... just by the smell alone. Meth fires are nassssssty business and tens of thousands of dollars worth of gear was written off and destroyed thanks to a few fuckle sucks.
There were huge benefits staying together as an outfit versus trying to get along in the world. Dutch brought confidence to the table. He was charming and a people person. He was a con man, which literally means confidence man. He was a master of turning the knives in strangers sides, lying on the spot, and playing at people’s weaknesses. Dutch turned the group from a gaggle of goons into a proper gaggle of gentlemen. Dutch and Hosea also taught a lot of them how to read, write, rope, etc.
Do it for the experience I can get your men in front of wealthy patrons Anyone can swing a wacky stick so stop being greedy and thinking you’re special /s
One wheel peel
That juicy page depth 😏 But seriously, I thought click-hole sites were dead until I watched some old guy at a coffee shop literally study, click, and read clickbait articles like they were news. There’s a huge click-hole audience who have these sites bookmarked. It’s equally sad and hilarious.
We have a Gestapo cosplayer of a parking enforcement guy in my city. He’s writing fix-it tickets for wreaths on cars and Christmas lights on roof racks. The violation codes are for “non-factory or non-road legal modifications” and “obstruction of front plate.” Like, I get that little lights (which honestly aren’t very bright) could be distracting and that the wreath covers a smidge of a front plate, but come off it, Grinch. Seriously, come off it. This guy really sauces my nuggets. It’s the fucking holidays. Let people have some fun, man.
Exactly. A lot of folks forget that the NRA is just an association (which happens to have a lot of money). You can be a gun owner and hate the NRA much like being an older person and hating AARP.
It’s a RDR2 reference. One of the lazier characters uses his lower back pain as an excuse to do nothing. Lumbago is a thing but it’s pretty archaic and casts a wide net of general back pain.
Narrator: *They don’t*
It’s not just his channel that’s the issue. He’s not a nice person and frequents reddit gaming subs to poke fights and steal content. Basically, if a thread is trending, you’ll see that same topic (and even clip) in his next video.
Still good but you might experience some sticker shock. Also, the replacement warranty is still good last I checked.
Fully vested options make me fucking moist I swear 😏
Might be a local white trash thing, but silver Nissan Sentras tend to be the worst offenders, especially if they are driven by blondes with dark roots showing. They’ll use a turn-only lane to overtake and routinely blow changing yellows to intentionally trap people trying to make an unprotected left.
Bruh cross country shorts are so short, the middle seam cuts the sack in half. You don’t need much dangling bits for them to stick out. If you like tall skinny guys, watching an xc meet is basically porn. It’s all dick swinging with a chance to see some tip.
This debate is hilarious to hear in person. The cork v metal cap debate is suuuuper polarized. Don’t even mention synthetic corks among strangers. I swear it gets people more heated than politics. For me, I don’t care what cork is used.
They literally went into Valentine to "work." Miss Grimshaw is the *house mom* of the group who looks after their well-being. It's a bit dark so I'm glad it was alluded to in one mission instead of their work being a subplot.
Don't worry. I was looking for you :)
Also, OP mentioned a site called Upwork... which in reality, these marketplaces aren't the same income cash cows they used to be. Upwork, Scripted, Fivver et al are all hyper-saturated with content farms from Indonesia. The "writers" look American or British, but on the backend, it's just a lead generation machine for layers and layers of content farmers all selling leads to one another. There are real people on these sites, but these people are competing against thousands and thousands of fake profiles. If OP wants a true work-from-home/creative career, OP needs to sign on with a brick-and-mortar creative talent agency which brokers contracts between companies and freelance creatives.
Same. My worst boss was a year older than me (28 at the time) and she was a witch with a chip on her shoulder. I swear even the way we *breathed* set her off. She was some prodigy who thought building and selling an app in college meant she could mouth off to our CFO. I could never verify the app or her history of being a "successful" entrepreneur, but she reminded us daily that she "drank the CEO of Samsung under the table once" and "trained with Blackstone VPs on how to negotiate equity deals." Even things like the way we did pivot tables were wrong because "I helped brainstorm a better macro for the Excel team but they didn't like me because I was too smart." She was basically the Navy Seal copypasta of business.
You’re not the only one. Not sure why that commenter is so blasé about a **10 year, reduced payment plan** like it’s a quick breeze. It’s easier to just open up a massive line of credit and default and have 3 years to fix your credit than it is to spend an entire decade counting pennies to make sure you can maintain a decent APR on an already reduced principle.
His neck line looks really awkward compared to his shoulders. The helmet is definitely not helping. He looks super skinny. It looks like they cast the tallest actor they could find instead of the beefiest.
Okay super dumb question but it’s killing me. I only drink so I don’t know anything about drugs. I have a few friends who roll occasionally at festivals. They claim it’s impossible to only take a small dose of MDMA and you have to go “all out.” According to them, there’s no such thing as taking just a little. But on reddit, I see people talking about micro-dosing MDMA throughout the day. So, are my friends being dicks and trying to pressure me? Or am I thinking of the wrong drug?
Yuuuup. My grandmother left us (her grandchildren) a butt ton of bonds. It was something she did for a lot of folks because she wasn’t very fluent in both English and finance but wanted to help pay for college. She didn’t know about trusts and stuff, but her heart was in the right place. Anyways, one of my aunts was caught *dragging* the family safe down the street with a truck and tow strap. She claimed the locksmith couldn’t show up at the house.... even though she knew she wasn’t the executor and only the executor had the combo.
Bruh Stop being silly A mountain lion would absolutely body an NFL lineman. Feral apex predators do not give up easily. You would be a dead man clutching a knife. And a knife is a terrible weapon. It becomes an extension of your wrist and your forearm is not as strong as you think unless you climb V7+ routes daily. It’s not a scratch from a house cat. It’s a swipe from a *lion* that wants to kill you for sport. Black bears are curious. Momma bears protect their young. They will run if confronted. Mountain lions literally kill for sport. They track you for fun. They pounce to practice. Avoid them at all costs. Shoot them as a last resort.
Holy butts I thought it was something to do with buffing vehicle splatters but wooooooow I cannot run people over consistently thanks to extreme ping.
And always smelled like dust or microwaved wet jeans
Pretty sure there’s one guy who works on YouTube’s server architecture and it takes him two hours to watch *60 Minutes* Alphabet took all their backend engineers and locked them away leaving Big Bill the Dingus to determine where content lives and what content you see in recommended lmao.
I’m guessing it’s suppose to be a cute story where the “other woman” is actually his wife and he’s just fucking lit on pain killers and saying weird things.
I think the common denominator is simply the hair color. Brunette and salt-and-pepper dreads look good. Blonde dreads look unsanitary. My gym has a few white guys with dreads and the blonde guys have dreads that match their personalities.
Post-inspection modifications? For cars, plenty of folk keep their OE exhausts just for state inspections and slap on their straight pipes the day after. I don’t see why someone wouldn’t take an something airworthy and push the limits.
I kept my eyes closed every time I met a nervous kitty. No idea if there’s a science behind it, but my current cat loves to wink at me and it seems to work on other cats. I think breaking eye contact means you are making yourself vulnerable to attack. So I notice when I wink or close my eyes, cats seem to calm down.
Maybe it depends on your hospital? I’m an American and I grew up with a literal vaccine book until my hospital switched to EHRs. Today I can see my entire vaccine history through my patient portal. My PCP is super hardcore about preventative care, so it might also depend on your doctor, too.
From what I remember, the word “chungus”comes from an old podcast. Honestly, with most shit memes, the humor and popularity comes from not overthinking it. The hilarity comes from the fact that it makes no sense. But the name “Big Chungus” doesn’t make any sense. There’s no literal translation. It’s just nonsensical.
Used to work in insurance. Unfortunately, there are even caps on the amount of “allotted miles” you may drive for certain makes and models. I was told it’s to limit the potential of an accident by pressuring drivers to use a cheaper car as a daily and keep the expensive ones at home. Craziest policy I handled was for a half million dollar hypercar... but it only allowed 100 miles a month. The owner didn’t want to purchase a more special type of insurance so he threw all his assets under a common bundled policy lmao. Basically, the underwriter freaked out and didn’t want to pay out for something so high end, so he set a super low ceiling to keep this old man off the road.
So basically the bullshit of Halo 2 legendary. H1, 3, 4 and Reach were well designed challenges. H2 was literally dive for cover, peak a sneak, and headshot by a jackal sniper. Let’s not get started on the checkpoint locations either... I broke a controller after the millionth checkpoint that was 15 minutes ago.
“So what kind of car do you own?” *An Arabian. He’s a good boah*
That was life back then. Good smelling things like cologne and perfumes were common but expensive. Not everyone bathed nor washed their clothes as frequently as we do today. But people weren’t literally festering in a single pair of clothes. On the flip side, daily hygiene was not something everyone practiced. There were a million times where I had Arthur slam black coffee and then have a face to face conversation with someone. Talk about coffee breath lmao. Personally, I don’t mind the smell of horses and livestock. It’s not that repulsive. It gets nasty when livestock turns into ...dead stock. Dead pigs smell like the plague.
I’m from a huge city and I know a marine who plead to 1st degree murder of a sailor, my uncle has a secret family in Russia, and our largest concrete company is literal mafia and dismantled a rival family’s grocery store empire out of retribution. Shit is wild.
Isn’t the concept of “Noah’s Arc” the basis for a lot of sci-fi? It would be pretty crazy if it were true that humans weren’t originally from earth.
....10 years? Something about that program seems so backwards considering most borrowers will pay down an undergrad student loan principle in less than 10 years without assistance. Even so, you could take out a personal line of credit to pay off your student loan debt, then default on your line of credit, wait **7** years for the bankruptcy to discharge, and then have 3 years to build up your savings with a clean slate. 10 year assistance cliff is insulting. There’s no benefit unless you’re looking at a six figure loan and/or an double-digit interest rate.
Is the inflatable a pool toy? It look like that plane has handles lmao.
Late-game gore and wanton violence is childish as it defeats the purpose of Arthur’s “redemption” arch. I was thinking of doing my first play through as a psycho with a mask but once chapter 6 rolled around, I realized my play-through style was basically trying to win a figure skating gold medal dressed as a hockey goalie. I deleted my first play-through and started over following the suggested arch.
He does have a series around speed cooking with someone who doesn’t know how to cook. He’s super calm and encouraging although he doesn’t stop haha. He also has a lot of videos where he teaches the basics. I learned all the brunch foods by watching him, especially on how to master the omelette.
Pretty sure the enjoyment was out of the audacity and gaudiness of the cars, not that the cars looked good at all. Taste is entirely subjective, but the point of the show was to build something to the extreme to produce shock value. You’re honestly the first person I’ve encountered who liked how the cars looked lmao. Paul Walker didn’t die for us to cling on to the late-90s/early-2000s ricer appeal.
...what about shrinkage? I mean, sometimes I’m flushed and looking good. Other days I’m like turtle with a tight sack.
What was the point of the birds if you always had to have a blindfold on outside? The birds seemed more like a indicator of humans getting rowdy versus the plague approaching because the plague was literally everywhere. I think that was my biggest gripe: even in the backwoods, the plague just happened to be tracking Sandra Bullock. Like, the fuck.
You need to read more. The Bird Box story is not a new concept. It’s literally an H.P. Lovecraft style of horror. If you’ve read some Lovecraft, then Bird Box feels familiar. The whole point is to not understand the creature or fight the creature but to witness how the creature alters each persons concept of reality. Bird Box isn’t the basic “hero’s journey” you might be thinking of.
I bet he didn’t change his own diapers or birth himself smh I swear
Looks like a BMP file or “bitmap” which I used to mess around with back in Halo CE. Not sure how to find it on console. Unless I’ve been living under a rock since release, I have no idea if RDR2 is on PC yet. Shouldn’t be too hard to find under after some folder digging.
I unlocked that log/challenge in chapter 6 lmao. My next play through will focus on side quests and ignore the main story.
He’s a loan shark.
Ugh I envy you. Chapter 6 is my personal favorite but I loved Chapter 4 simply because I spoiled Arthur in Saint Denis and finally played around with outfits and haircuts lmao.
Ah okay. I’ve been trying to figure out what this meme is called/where it’s from! When I search for “me and the boys,” I just get random macros and not this image.
This is the fun fact that keeps on giving. I can’t tell you how many people get **fucking rabid** when this is brought up. Even on reddit, there will be armies of arm-chair theologists who will spend hours trying to argue why you’re wrong. Lmao. I’m glad you beat me to the punch. I can’t wait for all the responses to roll in.
&gt; This was the first time in her life she said she'd liked gymnastics at all, which was just, fucking weird... In my experience, sudden onset passions are the strangest but most consistent red flag for souring relationships. It’s hard to describe, but I’ve experienced it first-hand as well as watching my friends go through it, both as instigators and as the ‘victims.’ I had an ex in college go from “hmm maybe I need to eat healthy” to “holy fuck how DARE you make a surprise visit when you KNOW I have a gym session soon” within a month or two. It was downright visceral to where her gym passion overrode everything. Turns out she was smashing her personal trainer. Also, another college ex picked up a sudden passion for redneck things like guns, trucks, country music, etc. Where she canceled plans at the last second because her new friend group wanted to go do random things like spotlight fishing at 1am. Turns out she was smashing some dude who did these things. So yeah. Watch out for random hobbies in which you aren’t intentionally included.
Running shorts aren’t intended to be long lol. They are suppose to be super short for comfort. If you go to a college meet, XC guys are basically showing tip and a piece of nut flesh.
Be careful. You’re excluding taxes and brokerage fees when it’s time to cash out. Withdrawal $50k/yr gross would equal $36k unless there’s some unique vehicle I am missing.
100% this. Space Mountain *with the lights on* is way more terrifying. I’m surprised more people aren’t injured (by putting their hands up) because the structures are so close. There’s a few videos on YT if you want to see how razor thin Disney judges liability and risk lol.
I fuck with MorningStar. I used to be a pure meat/potato eater and MorningStar helped me cut meat out from my life cold turkey. The black bean burgers with pepper jack cheese are an incredibly cheap and tasty dinner. They have these awesome breakfast sausage disks that make me cream I swear. Throw them in some cheesy grits and you have an awesome breakfast.
I feel your pain. I’ve been there so many times. Unpopular opinion but soccer attracts the most aggressive, worst athletes of any sport. Played it all my life up to U18 and it was more miserable navigating the cliches and social dynamics *of your own fucking club* than it was dealing with biased refs, hyper-physical players, and rival “fans” (other players and their friends/family) shouting at you. Even today, most of the Meetups for soccer teams/clubs aren’t looking for new players. I kid you not: I had one guy explain to me that these pages are just to advertise that they have a team in X league and you aren’t invited, so good luck joining “that other team” who will get the short end of the stick come season start. Friendliest sport: rugby somehow. Football attracted some nasty people but they only hit the idea of you, not you the person. Baseball had more jokes and laughs because you’re standing around and guys on base need a chuckle. Basketball was an interesting dynamic: on the court, people were dicks, but off the court, people were friendly.
What’s it like on the inside? Is their air conditioning? What about cup holders for water? Are you allowed to snack or do you have to wait and eat outside? Also, did you anticipate this career? Or were you thrown this MOS without a choice? Did you get to pick your crew? Were you all together in “school” or are team members added at random? Sorry about all the questions. I don’t meet many tank commanders in my life lol.
It’s awkward when you try to bond with him over a team and he can’t reply to any comment deeper than something about the QB. Basically, if you’re watching football for 30+ years, you *should* have some idea how defenses work, what other former players are up to, what a playbook is, etc. It’s weird when you say “man, the Pats really love man coverage and nobody has an answer” and he just grunts. Like bruh, in those 30 years, you’ve never wondered what defenses do? What are you looking at on your phone all this time? It’s like watching the news for 30+ years and asking why they speak English in Puerto Rico.
I know the kids love it, but I’ve never met someone who personally enjoys Myrtle Beach. There are such nicer, less crowded beaches that are still close to Myrtle but without the foot fungus and DC bros. I don’t find that area “relaxing” considering the recent string of murders and assaults :(
North Myrtle and Carolina Beach to name a few. You could go further north into NC, too. There aren’t as many “kid” things to do in comparison, but it’s such a nicer experience. Less stress. Fewer people.
tHiS vOiDs YoUr WaRrAnTy, LoSeR
What’s the “look” if you don’t mind me asking?
Plus maybe .0001% of fee-based financial advisors even bother to help out clients with little net worth or clients needing debt advice. I gave up looking for advice after the last financial advisor didn’t understand that I didn’t have a nest egg he could touch hiding somewhere. The fact is, when you’re circling the drain or in the hole, nobody wants to help. So far I’ve found there’s no such thing as a debt advisor, only people who say they handle those clients on their website but ghost you entirely.
On a side note, it’s nuts how few people feel comfortable in water... *let alone know how to swim.* For most people growing up on the shores, that instructor isn’t much worse than getting creamed by a breaking wave or sucked out by nasty undertow.
That’s why I mentioned “fee based.” I have the cash to pay them consistently and on-time. I’m not looking for commission-based advisors trying to sell me products.
Bojangles &gt; Chick Fil A &gt; Popeyes &gt; KFC
It’s metal when you think about it. Since the universe survives on recycling, there was a supply of speakers and audio equipment so demand needed to be created to give them purpose. There is also a psychological aspect to rhythmic beating/music in warfare. So it’s kind of a perfect world: keep the leaders entertained, provide jobs, and scare some folks.
A stranger in the woods is more dangerous than any creature. A mountain lion doesn’t understand the concept of trust or deception. It won’t befriend you, lead you astray, or convince your family to turn against you. It won’t study you for long, only long enough and only once you’ve crossed its path. A mountain lion will just eat you. But a stranger has studied other people, practiced on other people, and knows how to lay mental traps. The scariest thing I’ve found on BLM land was a half-naked man rummaging through our trash in the early morning carrying a fire axe. In 1000 different universes, no goodwill could ever come from this. Nobody carries a fire axe into another mans camp coming to say hello.
I’m surprised neither are mentioned in this graph and I don’t see why the Rockets having single-season statistical significance warrants its own a call out. Aside from whatever is happening in the Finals, Steph should be mentioned here as an influential 3-pt shooter. He holds (almost) every 3-pt record in the NBA last I checked...
And will listen to a handful of Kendrick Lamar singles and pretends to enjoy *D.A.M.N.* However, has never heard of *Section80* and is uncomfortable listening to any track off *To Pimp a Butterfly* in public. He only knows enough Drake to get away with shouting the chorus at Ashlee’s favorite dive bar. He can’t dance and waits for her mixed signals to uncomfortably grab her hips for 20 seconds until Britney saves her.
Federal land. Bureau of Land Management.
Council: *waits impatiently for Bran to disseminate orders and do kingly things* Bran: "Ayyy lmao cuh! Raven Simulator is in the Steam summer sale. Imma be back in a few to check out a fucking DRAGOOOON IN VRRRRRRRR!"
Converse work wonders if you don’t want to shell out those $200ish powerlifting shoes. You can also just wear socks instead of going full barefoot.
Passion dies super fast once you start playing politics with the administration. From what I’m told, the hardest part about teaching is dealing with parents and the admins.
This is nuts. It’s like reading my own story! It wasn’t until I was fired from my first job where I learned I had poor “executive functioning” and then my entire past finally clicked. I also failed every gifted &amp; talented test, could never place into an AP class, and struggled to get more than a C. I knew I was smart and that I was learning, but I lacked the tools and ability to handle multiple tasks like studying for one hour on topic A, do a paper on topic B, etc in one night. I could only do homework for so long before I started cleaning, reading a book, going outside, etc. I finally learned how to study in college and then I finally learned how to work a few years post-graduation. I feel like my timeline is delayed by 5+ years lol.
Ironically, insurance premiums subsidize the costs of other’s health care. Insurance companies negotiate rates on behalf of their policy holders with health care providers. Those health care providers pad and inflate their rates to recoup the costs from treating non-payers. It’s a vicious cycle. And double the irony: there’s a statistical significance between un/underinsured and higher health care costs. Those who cannot afford healthcare are more likely to become sick, stay sick longer, and have lasting impacts compared to those who have insurance. So by providing more care, in effect, heathcare will become cheaper for everyone.
My 1st time was also in Oregon! I was up around Mt Ashland on the backside where you briefly drive across the PCT. I ran into a random E36 M3 that was stuck in a snow bank. Those M3 guys had amazing luck running into me and another random Jeep that happened to be coming around the other bend at the same time.
I think it depends on the region. There are a lot of regional droughts where Starbucks is the only fast chain. But there’s not much of an excuse if you live in a major market. In SF, Peet’s and Philz blow Starbucks out of the water without the high cost unlike those insane blue-chip chains like Blue Bottle.
My god we were so innocent back then
IT: "I'm sorry, sir. What device are you currently using with Windows 10?" Uh, it's an IFV IT: "I'm sorry again, sir. But I can't find IFV listed under our supported devices. Is this a Lenovo?" The literal opposite of that, chief.
No, I’m not implying. I’m telling you a fact. We’re very aware that she’s being intentionally obscure for the sake of 1) trying to define her own niche genre, and 2) knowing that, regardless of what performance she can muster, she has an army of apologists to defend her every move. She’s literally in this meta-zone where she can “deconstruct” art for the sake of art. She’s the type of artist to torch another artists painting and call it art. She’s lived off the back of a real artist. Nothing she has produced on **her own merit** has yielded a single dime. She is a leech on John’s legacy.
Eh, Bush is a true “All American.” He took 9/11 personally which was his Achilles’ Heel: blind hatred. Trump would only pop-off on Iran just to look good.
That’s probably the half of it :( I imagine people rubbed their belts all over it or threw trash inside. I was eating outside at a restaurant and there was a Huracan parked across the street (valet parked). People tried to **climb into the car**, mothers placed babies on the hood, dudes would sit on the hood, etc. the valet guys had to move it after an hour. Like, seriously? Why are trashy people so... trashy?
There will always be some noise in the data, so could rely on statistical significance to give us confidence. So, if 100 detectors are used, we could set a confidence threshold to say that “if no more than 5 detectors throw a result contrary to the largest population, then we are certain the other 95 are telling the truth. I am not great at math at all... but I believe someone who knows statistics could help me with this idea.
For single family homes around Oakland? Not that I’ve seen. Buyers will still shop around for an agent, tour homes, and place multiple offers. But in the City (aka SF), people are buying condos only looking at the blueprints. Nobody buys homes in the city: people rent, lease, or buy condos. I have a buddy who is a listing agent in Vancouver, and yeah, there is **a lot** of sight unseen buying. He is selling blueprints because people are in a mad rush to buy. He rarely holds open homes because the buildings aren’t even finished.
Not OP, but I used a ladder platform system to help prop up the weight while I slid it into position. Just a lot of patience and a lot of towels to prevent scratching.
The Halo CE plasma grenade explosion audio file is incorporated into a lot of movie explosions.
I don’t believe the narrative that history lessons are sterilized in the mainland. Mainlanders are very aware of their own history, whether through common sense or through their own family passing down knowledge. Which highlights the scariest truth: mainlanders who support the party aren’t arrogant. They are nationalists who demand others to give them inch so they can take a mile. The mainlander attitude is like a sports team who hangs champion pendants for seasons they lost claiming they rightfully won it anyway (due to some technicality), rigs the next few seasons with dirty refs, and is petitioning the league to ensure all incoming rookies can only play for their team.
The frame should eventually crack, right?
Not illegal (in CA). Sounds like the original agent managed their own team and/or was mentoring someone. It’s not uncommon for higher-octane agents to have other agents do their listings, showings, etc. Moral of the story: steer clear of billboard agents who boast x$ inventory sold. You’ll never work with them. They pass you off to their team.
“This doesn’t seem like a load-bearing wall.” Still my favorite DIY horror story.
Is the rear diff that poorly sealed? Or should all diffs avoid water? Sorry if this is a dumb question :( This is my first time owning a 4x4
Image this connection: remember when Qyburn was introduced? He could have warg’d/greensee’d (greensaw?) into Qyburn at Harrenhal just in time to be woken up and saved... which set in motion all of Cersei’s subplots... But nah.
Bruh, we’re talking about Silicon Valley and the Patagonia city bois. Nobody cares about Disrupt Corn Combinator Y2020 in Starch Valley, Iowhat.
We found a new annoying comment! Here’s some of my favorites: A) PEOPLE BEING MEAN TO SERVERS B) LEFT-LANE DRIVERS C) MAKING FUN OF CLUBBING D) WHO CARES IF POKÉMON GO WAS BUGGY AT LAUNCH E) EXPECTATIONS SUBVERTED F) MEDICAL SHOWS ARE HELLA DUMB, BRUH. YOU DONT SHOCK A HEART TO RESTART IT G) KIDS IN R-RATED MOVIES H) AN OUTDATED STEREOTYPE ABOUT BMW DRIVERS I) EVERYONE DRIVING ON THE SHOULDER IS IN A REAL EMERGENCY SO DONT BE MEAN J) YOUR DEGREE IS HELLA DUMB AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD FOR NOT BEING A 1ST YEAR COMP SCI STUDENT AT A STATE SCHOOL BECAUSE I AM GOING TO WORK IN TECH AND MAKE HELLA BANK K) SOCCER IS DUMB BECAUSE THOSE HANDFUL OF PLAYERS FLOP L) FLOPPING IS A REAL STRATEGY M) FOOTBALL IS TRASH BECAUSE I CANT CONTEXTUALIZE LINEAR VIOLENCE, SPORTS STATISTICS, AND A PLAYBOOK **N) X RAYS ARE FINE IN SMALL DOSES BUT NOT IF YOU WORK WITH THEM DAILY**
Just send it
No Maxtrax?
I’m also a bit mad at the friend, too. It’s weird. I’ve seen this situation played out in my own life, and I know the blame should lie on the unfaithful spouse instead of the “homewrecker,” but... I hate how OP’s friend gets to have her cake and eat it, too. Obviously, we don’t know the details. Maybe she does feel bad. Maybe she’ll eventually come forward. But for now, her actions remind me of people I know who are the unapologetic, *sucks-for-you,* *sorry-not-sorry* types. I feel bad for her family. She not only contributed in OPs life, but she also poisoned her own and expects her family to just... deal with it. Like wtf. She broke OPs trust, her partner’s trust, and even set a bad example for her kids, and nothing came of it. Sorry for the rant. I’ve seen people like OPs “friend” walk away without recourse and it really fucking makes me mad. They’re the always the victim, never the robber folk who plunder yet cry when karma comes around. I get infidelity isn’t a crime, but it gets me worked up just the same like someone cleaning out a joint bank account or running up their partners credit cards. I’m so fucking mad for OP. I wish I could be there to scream with her and cry.
He works seasonal jobs and switches between ski lift operator followed by jet ski rentals in the summer. Or he "works in construction" but can't identify which trade specifically. Just "construction." Either owns a Neon SRT4, a black Civic with the clear coat peeling, or an E46 coupe. Regardless of the body damage, the front plate is still attached, it's at stock ride height with cheap wheels, and it has an obnoxious sound system. He's rocking the chin pubes beard, easily 6 foot, and has an unhealthy obsession with the Warriors, Clippers, or Rockets for the NBA, and is somehow a Raiders or Broncos fan despite never living in either market. Doesn't give a shit about college ball because the fact he never graduated high school is a massive bruise to his ego.
Easiest way to look at it: Your 20s start when you turn 20. It would be weird as fuck to say you were a teenager at 20.
The other day, I had a driver accept my ride and then went 20 minutes in the wrong direction. I couldn’t cancel the ride as there was literally no option. I could only sit and watch this dude saunter off waiting for him to cancel it.
He was def that kid who stole the ball from his teammates playing soccer and never made a goal. Then he would whine when his team finally scored.
Musk’s mom is a model, too She’s got some dope ass hair at the moment
Don’t do it. Most applicant tracking systems (ATS) account for this and your resume will render into a mess of plaintext. It’s an old school “black hat” SEO technique from the early Dot Com era. You’re stuffing keywords by hiding them from the human eye by changing the font front black to white, changing the font size, etc. In essence, the browser or software can still read the keywords, but people cannot. If you try to do this with a web page, every search engine will black list your domain. You’ll stop appearing in organic search the second a site crawler sees blocks of grammatically incoherent text wrapped in suspicious CSS.
Lemme see your p-value, boy Them numbers don’t add up
...?? There’s enlistees and there’s officers And the rare warrant officers All three “sign up” but you need a college degree to become an officer “Enlisted officer” is like saying you drive a Chevy Tacoma or something lol
We also forgot Noam Chunky’s documentary *Manufacturing Karma* being posted for the millionth time with the same exact comments calling it underrated, niche, and suppressed by the “mainstream.” I think it’s been 5 days since it was last posted to /r/videos or /r/documentaries, which could be a record.
Bakersfield’s population is sustained by people getting lost to and from Anaheim. Nobody willing moves to Bakersfield: you either are born there or wind up there in an Enterprise rental after missing the I-5 junction.
*Pete Carrol takes notes*
Maybe it's my area, but without fail, someone offers to trade a PS3 for whatever you're selling. Switch? Nope. Xbox One? Nah. PS4? Negative. Seriously, you would think PS4s have come down in price or enough have entered circulation, but I still get offers for just a PS3 lmao. I'm guessing this console is somehow the de facto crackhead currency because I've had people offer PS3s for a couch I sold, a camera with lenses I sold, and even a car. Who the fuck thinks a PS3 for a car is a good trade??
Just forge a prescription for amp salts. Apparently, it's a fucking huge taboo to be a prior legal user and trying to enlist or get into OCS. The armed forces really hate stimulants for whatever reason.
“When I lived in BarHHHELona” No, Becky. You were there for two weeks. Maybe 10 days tops. Nobody at Michigan State cares that’s how the locals pronounce it.
Nick Cannon took Kevin’s picture and added his own photo below as a juxtaposition. Then Nick posted the new photo to is own IG with a caption trying to make fun of Kevin. Kevin replied to the post, which is why it’s nestled under Nick’s caption. So Nick *tried* to make fun of Kevin for being “weak,” but Nick wasn’t aware he had improper form and was using unnecessary equipment, which is what Kevin pointed out. It’s like someone taking a photo of you playing football and then some tool takes your photo, poses with a soccer ball, and posts it with a caption like “I bet this dude really birdies buckets like Serena Williams in a race car.”
It’s a very vague question, which makes me feel this is a spur of the moment or irrational purchase. It’s akin to walking into a dealership and blurting out “I need a fast car that can beat anything on the road.” Like, my guy. I have no idea where to begin. This isn’t Oceans 11 and you’re some get-away driver. You’re going to need to be a bit more specific and grounded with your questions.
3.5 is what I was told 10 seems like an unnecessary strain, like forcing a wide receiver to run in boots
I only encountered a handful of bad apples, and the sentiment was the same. Like, why bother not calling your shots? The respawn area was 40 yards away so it wasn’t the end of the world if you got hit. All the game modes had unlimited lives, too. We didn’t play scenarios. These were short, 20 min capture the flag/arm the bomb/move the hostage games, not some intense multi-day “last man standing” games.
Funny enough, you can’t look up deed/title info from the county assessor here. So it’s impossible to find Zuck’s actual address without knowing a neighbor. The county bars the public from looking up personal info (for free) because there were so many thirsty Stanford grads harassing equity partners at their own homes trying to pitch ideas.
Future looks like his friends hyping him up for the Seahawks losing tonight, but he secretly put a lot of money on them winning.
Given the conditions, it's better to carry the momentum through the light rather than trying to stop. A few inches of slush is enough to fuck up stopping distance.
Sort of, yes. Privateers still flew their employer’s colors and followed basic principles of naval combat and courtesy. They weren’t just sent loose to reek havoc as they had orders. They were also businesses themselves and got larger contracts based on their prior conduct, etc. So it’s like your Uncle Bob who is fishes for tuna gets a contract from the Coast Guard to deliver goods to other ports. Also, Uncle Bob has orders to take a Russian ship as a prize, capture her crew, keep them healthy, and exchange them at a common port for US sailors. We expect the Russians to do the same because wanton killing/torturing crew is kind of a dick move. Officers are valuable and if we want our officers back, we treat theirs with respect. Pirates were stateless and opportunistic. Basically, like a roving band of poachers who steal fish from your Uncle Bob.
Same. I feel this on a personal level. I’m surrounded by people who can work off a few hours of sleep, thrive in med school, run a separate company after their normal day jobs, etc. Whereas I’ve never had an anniversary at any job because I get let go every year. Everyone around me is thriving and they all just shrug and say “idk man, it’s just natural.” I don’t know what the secret is to success because I can’t even pay my bills on time.
Sounds like the latter. I’ve had drivers show up in a *completely different car* or show up as a different person/same car. Apparently, a few people will go all in on a ride sharing car or two and take turns sharing or driving. Still terrifying when you’re expecting a ride from Jamal in a Prius and it’s Steve in a Corolla with Jamal in the front seat. Like WTF.
I miss the days of getting a retired lawyer in an AMG or super wealthy college kid in an M5 off Uber Black. The early days of Uber and Lyft had some interesting people driving the coolest cars for fun.
OP must be a paralegal or something because this is full-blown research lmao Probably my favorite AMA disaster next to the Woody one
Judging by how VW’s *Mechatronics* unit behaves in the real world with their DSG gearbox, I wouldn’t be surprised if an “old school” system works ...better than what VW produces. Maybe it’s improved, but I remember the 5th Gen GTI had a fuckton of issues.
Same. Targeting calls are like writing a speeding ticket after an accident caused by a falling light pole, pothole, or something out of the driver’s hands. A defender could go for a hip tackle, but the runner gets spun around by another player, and bam, now the defender’s helmet is lined up with the runner’s chest which could be considered targeting.
I’m not familiar with player names lol so excuse my dumb question, but was this the receiver who laid motionless, and when the trainers ran out, he popped up and ran off the field like it was nothing?
You can but IG analytics looks at deeper engagement metrics rather than follower count. It’s clear to IG if you have a torrent of inactive accounts suddenly follow you, but it’s a decent way to trick real users into following you based on a false sense of popularity. Seeding an account periodically with fake followers can help with early growth.
They got the Coax
It’s not that easy to legally change your name, so I would suggest doing it either after the fact, or claiming as an entity with yourself as the sole beneficiary. But yes, it’s not uncommon for lottery winners to go as incognito as possible during the ceremony. I forget which country, but there are official pictures taken of lottery winners wearing ridiculous costumes.
Flashbacks to Madden games with his ridiculous recycled commentary. My favorite was something like “you win the game by scoring more points.” Thanks coach.
GUH
Lmao damn Reminds me of my aunt who says the word “Canadians” to refer to black people. For the longest time, I was really shocked she was able to identify stranger’s nationalities from appearances alone. It took me over a decade to finally put two-and-two together that the Venn Diagram of black people and her commentary formed a circle.
NCAA 2014 was the last title I remember The player creation was dope, the playbooks were customizable, and you were never locked into a single play. For example, you count punt on 1st and goal or knee in your own end zone lol. Certain plays weren’t locked like they are in some releases of Madden. Also, cheats were fun. There was a cheat for moon gravity where you could kick 80 yard field goals or disable offsides and run around the entire field pre-snap. Oh, and you could assign backup roles to the most random players. Starter center is injured? Cool cool. A redshirt kicker will do.
His appearance was described as was his birthplace, and as far as scholars are concerned, he wasn’t famous for being the only white dude in the region.
Exactly. There’s a lot of people are running around giving out advice like they’ve never been fired and never had a single gap in their resumes who lack empathy. Through their lens, the world behaves fairly as they’ve never experienced a hurdle in which crippled their progress. It’s like a child of a celebrity telling young actors “to stop acting entitled and just buckle down” or even a prodigal student who can’t understand why another student needs more time on a test. If everyone could meet their challenges fairly, then every team would share Super Bowl rings.
Socially competent, functioning members of society who aren’t crippled by their lack of hygiene, poor social skills, or poor executive functioning. So, like, normal people with an identity that isn’t abrasive or standoffish.
Sub rules and auto-mod filters aren’t always matching. Sometimes the mods don’t update one or the other. Plus, there’s a separate subjective layer that varies from mod to mod. For example, the fitness sub does not allow the solicitation of medical advice, but there’s 1000s of posts asking about injury prevention and recovery that make it through.
:( Grape is literally one of my favorites. Why the grape hate?
grape gang what's good
Plant a foot right in the chest. They are built like angry footballs: perfect for punting for those who moonlight as NFL punters or kickers. Sebastian Janikowski would fly to Canada and spend the off season drinking and kicking geese around. Those fuckers can really take a beating.
Yup. Reverse engineering is how I’ve learned most things. Inherit someone’s work, poke around, understand it, and then implement improvements.
Packers fans are well traveled, and in my experience, are very friendly and know how to roll with the punches. I was at an earlier season game at Levi’s Stadium and the Packers fans rode out the entire loss. There were a lot of jokes and laughs. No arguments as far as I learned. Seahawks fans are the worst. Literally celebrate the dumbest things and think everything is a bad call. It’s like they don’t understand football at all and think as long as the ball moves, it’s the greatest thing to ever happen, even if it’s their own defense giving up yards. I’ve watched games where Seahawks will scream over something innocuous like the coin flip. Basically, if Seahawks fans watched hockey, they would celebrate the opposing teams’ goal because a goal == good and good == a win.
Tennis *every single day* is 100% overkill. Injury is bound to happen with that routine. Even NFL players take 24-48 hour rest periods in the regular season while focusing on smaller drills. The only time I've seen daily routines are from ultra runners whose "light workout" includes a half marathon. These are weird people and we don't speak to them lol.
Not sure which is worse, their surgery or their fondness for sub-prime mortgage architecture. I'll put $100 down on the kitchen having brown granite countertops with brown cabinets. There's a black Suburban in the driveway, and one of their ex-husbands owns a Dogde Viper.
The Patriots (were) good at that time, so it's not surprising tbh
US Customs in int airports are so bizarre and unnecessarily rude. It’s clear that I’m flying home, to the US, based on my US passport and return ticket landing in the US in hand. Like, why the flip am I getting lip for *returning home*? I got held up because “I’m going home” was not a sufficient answer and they needed more clarity about why I live in the US as a citizen, how long I planned on living there, etc lmao.
Pretty sure E-911 is not yet a feature in the US, so I don’t see a solid argument against the occasional wireless “interference” for a handful of users, and all but one are asleep during these phases anyways. Not a lawyer and not a network specialist, but all the networks I’ve helped set up come with these big old warnings saying WiFi 911 service won’t work.
Also the marketplace isn’t half bad. Yeah, there’s shitty things for sale like every other platform, but the built-in Messenger is such a nice feature. Plus, it keeps your marketplace communications separate than your personal ones. All the peeps I’ve bought/sold from on FB were normal, rational people. No creeps, no sob stories, no flakes. Buyers and sellers who get poor ratings are filtered off. You can click through and view their profiles so there’s no surprises. It’s really hard to make a fake account with hundreds of friends and pictures lol.
Does that total include smoke damage done to the rest of the building?
Damn :( My neighbor has a pool and now I feel like an asshole for using it so much. He built it for his family (massive extended family and throws BBQs almost weekly) and doesn't use it personally.
It’s playful, ya dingus. It’s like swapping positions with your football friends and all having a laugh at everyone’s weaknesses. You ever seen a 300lb+ man trying to kick a field goal? Or a 160lb man trying to block a defensive tackle? Yeah, that shit is funny. Just because we don’t have the same strengths as each other doesn’t negate the fact that we can poke fun at each other’s weaknesses.
Damn if this could not be more true IG has every girl in my gym waddling around with a resistance band around her legs between sets. It's like the new gym uniform. I have yet to see a girl in 2019-2020 without a resistance band, even while doing mundane shit like drink water or use the scales. Then they always stop in the most inconvenient spots to air squat with the band on and zero weight with their hands together like a prayer. It's hilarious because my gym **literally runs out of resistance bands** and there's always a struggle between girls to fight over them, even if it means getting stuck with the highest weight and getting zero done.
When you’re on both sides of the story but the party in question talking big game has no idea. For example, buddy in my group is complaining he can’t land a job in his dream field. Says every company is biased, thinks he’s too short, skinny, old, etc. We all pitched in and offered our networks and he *claimed* that the process is going well but there’s new hurdles. Well, turns out he hasn’t contacted anybody. Nobody in my network has even heard of him despite our buddy talking up how great the interviews were. Then he claimed he needed a two-week crash course for a cert in the field. Takes two weeks off. Forgets that his snapchat map is active and forgets to *exclude* someone in our group from his story. He’s not at the cert program in Chicago. He’s at Disneyland. He never showed up for the cert class. He just went to Disneyland and then hid in his apartment for the other week playing games. We never called him out, but he walks around like he’s waiting on an offer from some company. He talks “shop” but hasn’t even stepped in the field.
DICE kills it with sound design and BF1 is arguably their masterpiece. Also as much as Battlefront 2 gets shit on, goddamn, DICE also knocked it out of the park, too. You really feel like it’s an immersive SW universe.
And you don’t get to choose your hospital if you’re not fully conscious! So you’re out of network and out of luck!
And it’s not like departments are starving for new recruits. Most, if not all, major metros are impacted and not looking to hire more than one or two people per year. You’ll have to slog it out for years in state-level departments like CalFire for minimal pay and in extreme working conditions. It’s like you get a lot of kids thinking they can become Air Force pilots not realizing the actual future pilots already have their private licenses well before OCS ...and already know how the flight track works because they’re in the academy with top honors. Same with fire. You have college fire science degrees, retired E-4s, and a shit ton of wildfire service members all fighting over one city level placement. It’s insanely tough to just “wake up” one day and become a firefighter.
He also brought the 49ers to a Super Bowl as a rookie. Sure, they ended up losing, but the gate for Kaep is unwarranted. There were far worse starting QBs in the NFL. IMO, it’s his play style that doesn’t mesh with the current playbook philosophies. He’s too much of a scrambler. He’s like Ciara’s husband but less chunky.
I have never used ATRAC (??) or any of the surface select modes, and tbh I have no idea what they do lol. The only thing I’ve needed was 4H (and seldom 4L) and my e-locker. I love pulling on my transfer case knob. Sometimes, I’ll hop in my buddies truck and pull his knob too.
Besides the insane tax burden, wasn’t Joffrey’s vision to let kingdoms be more autonomous at the cost of sending volunteers for a central army? That way, if any one kingdom tried to jockey for power over its neighbor, the King would dispatch the central army to stop them from warring. Idk, it’s been ages since I’ve watched the earlier seasons, but I remember he had a monologue about his political vision.
I had some rando yell at me for not wearing a mask while mowing my lawn... So I wouldn’t be surprised come August that masks are required while swimming and then quickly repealed once people accidentally self-waterboard.
The only way out of this is to allow people to write off their debts by introducing a new chapter of bankruptcy. Call it the “Great Sigh” or whatever, but it’s asinine that lenders are punishing people who were involuntarily put into a situation where they can’t even pay the principle. These “hardship” programs are nothing more than loan deferment with all the negatives attached. You’re basically taking one month’s payment and shoving it together with three months, so instead of owing $1000 in March, you now owe $3000 in June plus additional interest. Let people wipe the slate clean in 2020 and take their next 10-20 years of tax refunds as repayment.
For folks saying it’s necessary and harmless, the roads were a mess. I witnessed multiple accidents with casualties, EMS stuck in gridlock, fire trucks unable to leave/return to base, people running red lights, blowing stop signs, driving the wrong way on the road, hopping curbs, and people walking home nearly getting smushed. And fucking hell, parking was a mess and I watched my neighbor blocked out of his own driveway due to congestion on our street **which was miles from the actual scene.** It took him an hour to move 1 block and another few minutes just to cross the road and get into his driveway. Not to gate keep, but from someone who spent decades living in an area known for protests before living here, y’all fucking suck ass at protesting lmao. It’s kind of sad how apocalyptic it was trying to get home.
Que? Where’s the lie? I literally pointed out how much impact a small, unorganized protest had on the surrounding city. I’ve never seen something like this and I’ve lived through plenty of large scale protests, including being there for Oscar Grant’s. *Your* perspective might be different on the ground, but it’s different from the people who had to move throughout the city frequently last night.
I had to squeeze through a multi-car on 240 last night with a woman lying on the side of the road, so there’s that.
I legit played a match where the enemy Reinhardt went out of his way to make my life hell as Mercy. I kid you not, it was basically a 5v5 match and nobody on my team bothered to do anything and the enemy team made due without an extra tank. He killed me and only killed me, and at certain points was literally waiting at our spawn just for me. When I floated away, he would simply waddle after me, catch up to me, harass me until one of us died, and repeat. It was an insane commitment.
Eh, a 33” tire and a mild lift would glide over these bricks with ease. What you’re thinking off has already been made, so there’s no need to reinvent the wheel here. If you wanted to stop vehicles or force them to re-route, Czech Hedgehogs are your go-to. You can make them with three basic 2x4s and some nails and it wouldn’t take long to have a hundred of these pointy bois made in a day or two. You don’t need to make a life-sized hedgehog as those are made to stop tanks. Ones that are knee-high should be enough of a visual intimidation and would still immobilize an SUV or bus.
There’s a guy riding around on a moped picking up trash. It’s pretty ingenious, ngl.
Plus, the WFs in my area have all set aside one check-out lane for cash payers. I’m willing to bet this store does too but OP on fb wasn’t paying attention lol.
Best friend’s husband did two tours and he only talked about one thing. According to him you sort of switch into gear the second a bullet cracks overhead and all your training just flows. Some people freeze, but he told me a lot of his buddies were surprised how “calm” (it’s definitely the opposite of calm to me lol) they were in their first fight. So all that tedious and mind numbing cleaning, drills, shooting practice, etc become muscle memory and suddenly surface. If a round jams, you don’t even have to think, etc. The best thing to do is communicate through a fight, but the hardest part of a fight to him is being the squad leader and making sure you know where everyone is at all times. It’s one thing to lead literal 18-19 kids, but it’s another taking care of them when it’s on.
You hit the nail on the head. I have the misfortune of knowing a TERF and the philosophy isn’t about inclusion. She literally believes trans persons are Trojan Horses to get into women’s safe spaces, either to consume resources (women’s shelters), to be pervy (going into women’s locker rooms), or to take advantage of women (date raping women on a girls night out). She’s a super old head Hippie with a massive chip on her shoulder. The chip is so bad, she’s basically missing an arm. Fortunately, she only crosses my path maybe once or twice a year. She’s like the racist uncle at Christmas but she’s the TERF aunt. We call her “Occupy Which Street” as a joke in our circle because she’s always ranting about something that doesn’t impact her in any way. She pays almost zero in property taxes, has lived off a trust fund for decades, and maybe works an hour or two a week at a random non profit.
I imagine the tenant wouldn’t finalize moving until the money cleared and was posted in their accounts.
Is something particularly bad about tonight? I imagine it’s going to be much larger this weekend.
^boop
Hard scoping = hit scan Hip fire = projectile Duh
Bracelets might be hard to see, especially at night. Is it possible to use glow in the dark beads? Also, if medic volunteers wear head protection, have them place a piece of white tape on the back of the helmet. That way, it isn’t visible from the front.
On a side note: this sub is getting brigaded right now. Can we implement some sort of lock or filter until that post falls out of /r/pics?
Is the guy pictured okay? Not to be overly sensitive, but this is semi NSFW.
Then don’t go to a chain store? The best glass shops I’ve worked with take cash and have children running the register. It’s literally a family-owned business. Most chains will make you get an appointment and pay with a credit card. These hole-in-the-wall shops have all the hook ups to procure any kind of glass same day.
I have no idea how to do it either. I’ve never been a mod! I was under the assumption there were ways to lock down a sub.
Scanners claimed gas supplies were exhausted last night. Either they are allocated or new supplies are being procured per night and someone is shipping them in.
National attention is never a good thing. Coming from someone born and raised in Berkeley, protests spiral out of control when people without skin in the game pollute the true intentions of the movement. This sub is being watched, not by a hawk, but by a pack of feral mountain lions. UC Berkeley protests exploded when folks joined to incite violence as sadists, not as agents for any one side. There are people among us who feed off adrenaline and now they found the new center stage. Don’t let them take the spotlight.
Half of these “non profits” scream money laundering/tax evasion by pushing match-grants between friends who sit on one another’s boards. I would be curious what the **personal** connections are between some of these sponsors.
“You see class, it all started in 2016 when the Cubs won the WS and then some fucking gorilla died...”
Purely anecdotal, but it applies perfectly to a few people I know. One of my ex-best friends went from bleeding heart liberal to born-again, fundamentalist in a decade and it boiled down to being left behind. He’s projecting his own insecurities and blaming some “global liberal agenda” for his own shortcomings. Now he’s on some one-man campaign to restore White American or whatever he calls it. He lost touch with reality when he left to go backpacking around the world. Instead of completing his trip and coming home, he found a job in S Korea, and spent years in isolation when he wasn’t working. He just binged YouTube videos until one day he was poisoned by Shapiro et al.
What are you laying on? I find my 5th gen isn’t terribly comfortable with the seats folded down without some padding.
Looks like a KWA Glock which are (or were) super rare in airsoft. I left the hobby years ago, but I remember airsoft Glocks were impossible to find due to licensing and lawsuits from the manufacturer. You couldn’t even get replacement parts aside from sketchy Chinese websites. I had a few Glocks and sold them all for $500 a piece when I quit, so either that kid is rolling in dough or Glock replicas are back. Edit: I am wrong. They are back
Any recommendations? I keep running into locked gates on a lot of service roads in NC.
Any word on how long these barriers will be in place?
“I showed up with a SMALL GROUP of only 30 of my girl friends and the host kept seating other people before us!!!! Uh, excuuuuse me! We were here first!! It took an hour to get a table together and THEN the waiter wouldn’t let us split the bill 27 different ways!! UGH WOW.”
Pinterest claymores are all the rage
Did you ever get a chance to sell the new Supra?
“Big Grass wouldn’t be here today without all the deals I helped arrange. Seriously, big deals. I know the head of the landscapers union, great guy, we golf sometimes, he and I, we talked trade deals for months, long months, and let me tell you, there isn’t someone else who loves grass than myself. Now the Obama Administration, corrupt, truly corrupt, used the wrong fertilizer. Seriously, look it up. Secret deals with the Chinese to take down American grass. The White House was a mess when I came in. Hillary was out there with some truly illegal men seeding that lawn. Lock her up.”
Ever since this city made it to the front page, we’ve been brigaded and spammed. Mods, please do something. BPT came up with the Country Club idea, so at the very least, could we get a soft lock for the next day or two?
They still have a rear defroster lol
Sadly, I’m not surprised someone stole the spotlight. Part of me wants to believe these folks had good intentions, but this isn’t the time. This granddaughter/grandmother duo had decades to show support and make their own voices heard, but why they decided to do it now screams nothing but narcissism. I was born and raised in Berkeley among all the “Old Head” Hippies, the Beatnik era hippies, and even they were notorious for (metaphorically) grabbing the mic and shouting over other communities, screaming at straw men to stop silencing them. There was a splash of irony in the whole ordeal.
Ad hoc ergo propter hoc. Criminal history is irrelevant when detaining, arresting, processing, investigating, and even during the trail. It’s only relevant during the prosecution’s opening/closing statements and maybe the sentencing hearing. It doesn’t matter what you did leading up to a crime unless it’s a three-strike law. Each offense you commit must be argued independently of one another. Besides, he was accused of using counterfeit cash, which last I checked, is something the Secret Service handles...and using counterfeit cash is nowhere near as bad as making or trafficking it.
FYI, please be respectful of neighbors and how much impact people are having on traffic patterns and parking. My elderly neighbors are constantly dealing with people blocking their driveway as our area is becoming a de facto staging area/parking area. Not everyone can tolerate this indefinitely. Please keep those of us in the surrounding areas in mind. Walk in.
There’s also the risk of lab sites &lt;&gt; trap house crossover. My buddy bought a former dealer’s house, and for years, users constantly dropped by at odd hours of the day and lingered everywhere.
Stupid workaround but hear me out: If you have another Windows device like a laptop, PC, et al, you can use the Game Overlay (Windows key + G) to message people including recent players. So if you need to send a message, you can type it out with a keyboard on a separate device.
Also, I’m pretty sure you can contract some nasty bacteria from the ocean and/or wet beach sand if I’m not mistaken.
“I grew up in the streets, literally, by being born encased in asphalt and 100% reliant on the sun to create energy. My 1st mother was an intersectional human/beast hybrid who dedicated her life to studying the impacts of subtropical Amazon climate change on HIV+ Palestinian lesbian STEM students in Siberia. She was convicted of trafficking stolen art, which she did to keep me fed. I was absorbed into my 2nd mother’s womb. She was a painter who made her own oils using recycled diesel fumes. She was eaten by a pack of feral mountain lions while scaling Mt Shasta to meet a rabbi and a monk to teach me how to sing. They were gay lovers and gunned down in the streets by the Cartel when they went to teach blind, trans children interpretive dance. This is dedicated to them. Anyways, here’s Wonderwall.”
As brutal as naval warfare might seem, there were codes of conduct each nation and privateers were expected to follow. An officer was more likely to face punishment from his own Brass than by the enemy’s CO. In fact, enemy captains routinely showed admiration for one another’s perseverance and command during battle, so once you were captured, you weren’t treated horribly and were used to trade prisoners for prisoners. But pirates? Fuck that noise. Every nation hated you and had no quarter orders. You just got spanked regardless.
We moved in February and I had no idea it was something you arrange ahead of time :( By the time I started reaching out in April, our lockdowns were already in effect so I was told to wait a few weeks before trying again.
Eh, the Russian “bad guys” trope has been around for a long time, whether they are Ultranationalists/random terrorist in modern settings or literally the Soviets in historical fiction settings. I was under the impression it was simply Cold War fantasy as a lot of producers, directors, writers, etc lived through events like the Cuban missile crisis.
I’m not 100% familiar with each clause, but as far as I know, Prop 13 protection generally covers homes purchased before 197-something. I am not aware of any clause which benefits new homeowners. In fact, it’s the opposite. Prop 13 has created an artificial bottleneck in property tax revenue for the State, so the burden is placed on newer home owners to make up that deficiency. Prop 13 is the reason why two identical comps pay wildly different rates. On a personal anecdote, my parents are not under Prop 13 protection whereas their ancient neighbor is. The neighbor pays pennies for her home whereas my parents are paying roughly $1500k/mo. They are the exact same comps down to the lot size. Whoever buys her home will be paying the same as my parents if not more.
Lmao our chem teacher would casually drop how X procedure or Y ingredient is used to make meth He would always preface it with “now, the only thing separating myself today from early retirement is my passion for research, *but...*” He used to joke how the laws don’t prevent someone with a decade of benchwork to figure out how to make most drugs, just folks without enough patience to sit through lectures
Oh boy, here I go accidentally merging and acquiring again
Vaccines cause violate day trading
My buddy found out the reverse the hard way. NCO with a few tours under his belt and went into the fire academy thinking it would be easy. Oof. He ended up doing Calfire for a year to help boost his resume and then worked county fire for awhile before getting a lateral to a city station. It’s the chief’s interviews that really chew up recruits.
It’s waived for the Antifa 5% CashBack card And FYI, it’s a minimum of 3 riots annually! So if you miss your goal, you might forfeit all your points
Sorry OP, but DS2 slaps
I always hated the fields with the warm up mounds literally feet away from the base line. I can’t imagine how many catchers and pitchers warming up have been ABSOLUTELY BEAMED by a foul ball.
I guess there’s two layers to any given game: the actual game and the 1v1 dogfighting over the snitch. So there’s a lot of faith placed in your snitch-getter to block and harass the enemy team’s dude. It’s not just about who is first to get it. It’s about making sure your team has enough time to get enough points on the board in case the snitch gets caught. It’s been ages since I’ve read/watched the series, but I do remember how aggressive all of Harry’s opponents played, whereas Harry didn’t care about playing 4D chess and had tunnel vision. You don’t need god-like reflexes to be good at the role. You need to be like a wasp on a BBQ plate.
It’s super fun because of the random comps thrown together. You can get five tanks one healer or five healers one tank lol. The momentum also shifts heavily when people start landing/losing their mains. Best of all, if someone is really giving you a hard time, you know they’ll respawn as something (hopefully) different. Although I’ve gotten four Mei’s in a row... I’m not sure if this is universal to all platforms, but on PS4, you get a metric butt ton of XP for just finishing the match compared to QP. I average 6k per match for just goofing off lol.
Ah my bad lol. I just stumbled upon Mystery Heroes and I’m a huge fan. I wish I gave it a shot so much earlier. I’ve never gotten tilted playing it so I imagine it’s even more fun as a drinking game.
“When I lived in Chooooba...” Alright, Becky. You were in Cuba for a month, two months tops. You didn’t live there. And your cherry-picked pronunciation is insulting. Edit: Becky pronounces it as KOO-BAH instead of Que-ba
What the butts! I have never heard of this brand before. Are these unbranded Legos with different figures? Or is this someone’s home brewed hit?
Siiiiick. Thanks! I am scrolling through their catalogs.
Idk but Becky loves saying it as KOO-BAH instead of QUE-BA because it makes her feel more cultured.
Sadly, a store near me had a FUCKING FIT over people wearing anything full-faced or a mask with sunglasses. They would police the type of mask you wore for “security reasons” and it was hysterically pathetic. I imagine the owner would scream her head off at the idea of a full hazmat suit lol.
But yet people still take out loans with Sindeo, SoFi, and LendingHome. Odd, really... American blinders perfectly block out anything funneled through VC firms almost as if by design. It’s so strange that nobody bothers checking their own bank accounts.
It’s like never watching an entire TV series outside of a few cherry-picked scenes and then arguing how your fanfic is the most accurate interpretation lol.
Being colorblind and video games also sucks. I wish developers would allow users to customize the UI colors instead of picking from 3 or so basic filters, which honestly don’t help at all.
OMG CHILL PILL, PLEASE, LIKE, I NNEEEEEEED TO BE IN THE LEFT LANE BECAUSE ITS, LIKE, LESS SCARY!!!! /s
Agreed but I’m pretty sure the only area taken over was the underpass plus a small parking lot, which I believe the underpass is state property and that lot is city. Then again, the point is to be a visual and litigious thorn in the side of the city. Nobody would care if it was an hour+ outside city limits lol.
Do you know where I can stream the old TG? I can only find it on Prime but you have to buy all the seasons?
Same. It feels like Dva shoots paperclips and tennis balls and is basically the afterthought of your comp. It feels like she’s best diving, distracting, and dying but reverse order.
And if you park on the street in those designated spots, there’s no time limit so the turn over can be non-existent. My city has a huge issue with people parking their cars all day and leaving nothing for folks who just need to run and errand or two. I remember when I lived downtown, I would recognize the cars in those handicap spots because they would camp there so long. Ironically, it was mainly the business owners who would abuse the system and inadvertently harm their customers.
He’s waiting in the queue and spectating his buddies match. He’ll join once somebody quits.
Honestly, that’s me. I get so tilted over the smallest things that I refuse to play any board games. I absolutely hate playing any games that involve trading of sorts (like Monopoly or Settlers) because someone always gets singled out like their sanctioned by the UN and when I try to step in to stop the bullying, someone else tries to call me out for being “a shitty negotiator.” Like, fuck off. Y’all giggle fucks make way worse trades and I don’t understand why a board game needs to become a game of Mock UN. The reason why some people get so fucking titled is because you make it seem like “whoa, bro it’s just a game” yet behave in-game like we’re pro streamers.
Second having proof of an existing Rx from your past doctor. When I moved here, I brought my last refill bottle and script from my last doctor and my new doctor sighed in relief. She said it’s insanely hard getting a new script as an adult. There’s not only a stigma in the industry, but this classification of drugs is under extreme scrutiny from the feds. There’s so much legal red tape that MDs and PAs would rather push the burden to another HCP.
I image insurance won’t be bad considering the demographic of owners skews towards older, cautious hobbyists. I remember when I worked at an insurance broker, I would skim through random quotes in our database. Premiums on a WRX or STI were considerably higher than a Z06 lmaoooo.
This is the ideal Masturbatorium. You may not like it, but this is what peak nutting looks like.
It means each state has, at the bare minimum, a uniform law on the books to interpret and prosecute animal abuse. So the dad has no chance in hell that he lives in a state where animal abuse is a misdemeanor. Instead, there’s a 100% chance he lives in a state where it is automatically a felony. But OP says this dad isn’t in the US.
jUsT uSe SLeEp DaRt, bRo
Ngl, I am guilty of messing around with enemy teams in comp. Especially as Hamms, I love finding another Ball and picking a random spot to spin around together. I remember once I bumped into another Ball in a narrow hallway and we had to awkwardly shuffle past one another. It probably took a solid minute of slowly rolling over the other until we were clear. But the whole time, there was some unspoken agreement not to engage each other. It’s the little things in comp.
In all seriousness, a grocery store near my house had a fucking FIT when people started wearing full face masks like balaclavas or even masks with sunglasses. They have a security guard that actually checks your mask and makes you wear their “approved” masks for security reasons. You can’t have anything covering your eyes, head, ears, or neck apparently. There are literally people gate keeping masks lmao.
So homegirl thinks Earth is some star factory? Does she not understand how fucking MASSIVE a typical star is?? It’s like accusing your neighbor of treason thinking he’s building aircraft carriers for the Chinese out of his garage.
Crossfit boxes are pretty diverse unless you’re living in a fly-over state. As far as I’ve seen, most boxes in the Bay Area and LA were a solid mix if not a majority Asian.
In the combat footage sub, there’s videos of such conflicts. It looks a lot like a stereotypical bar brawl lol.
As a piece of solace, courts are so backlogged that evictions could take months to resolve. I imagine our county isn’t large enough to warrant a temporary “convention-style” court system anyways. Ideally, we should provide links to resources including any law firms offering pro-bono counseling. It’s important to remember that eviction processes, like real estate law in general, vary greatly state to state. What you learn in State A will not be applicable to NC.
“Eviction kiosks” sounds like a sneaky way around due process. We definitely need some form of pro bono council just to help folks understand the process at the very least. For all we know, these kiosks are probably a slaughter house.
On a serious note, I highly recommend filing for bankruptcy as a last last last ditch resort. An eviction is one thing, but bankruptcy can really harm your employment prospects, future loans, and even future rental applications. Bankruptcy works under certain conditions and is made easier with a good social safety net.
It was either Zenefits or Zendesk (one of the Zens) that was known in SF for being the “coke company.” All the Marina bros would bring coke to work and people would use the emergency stairwells for a quick bump. There was also a lot of humping and I believe one of the VPs got caught by his wife lmao. Web 3.0 or whatever we’ll call that VC epoch was wild.
We should all disagree with OPs opinion, but keep in mind, *it was literally posted in the right sub...*
If this is an agreed upon fist fight, then why not order the biggest mother fuckers you can find to patrol the area? I imagine things wouldn’t escalate if entire platoons of Rugby players roamed the mountains.
It’s a 968 which is the ugly bastard child we don’t acknowledge. There’s an endless list of reasons why it’s affordable, plus this one looks like it’s over 25 years old.
Missing 100k posts on VWVortex and a polarized opinion on Rotiform wheels. Otherwise, this brings me back to 2009 and the peak stancenation/cannibeat phase.
You were literally right in front of me taking that photo 😉
Any updates on restoring service?
It’s 100% arson. It’s not uncommon for new multi-unit construction to get torched periodically. For example back in Oakland, CA the biggest cost inflators to mixed-use development aren’t materials and labor, it’s militant NIMBLY-ism via theft and arson. Someone wanted this project delayed.
People are saying it prematurely so that others can’t deny it years down the road. They’ll be plenty of arm-chair economists and apologists saying “there’s no evidence suggesting a correlation between 202X foreclosures and COVID because of all the assistance, UI, etc.”
There’s road courses... And don’t get addicted to the “pornography” of the sport. Plenty of folks complain college football is boring when the score is low, but there’s many of layers to any sport which makes it exciting. For one, there’s a metric butt ton of passing in NASCAR and the drivers themselves are a bit dramatic on and off the track.
People actually spray dicks over tags and potholes to get the city to address them faster lol
Buzzfeed has a surprisingly solid investigative/journalism arm, but their biggest profit center is low hanging click bait.
Besides the Gorka (the jacket/pants combo) which I hear is incredibly comfy, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s an American playing around with what looks like an AK74. Although there’s plenty of Chinese knock offs anyone can buy, which might explain how they procured things like that EoTech sight. Those things are a bitch to buy as a normal American and I doubt that company wholesales to Russia lol. This is some uncanny valley stuff. I would be so confused running into this dude.
There are exercise masks used to simulate high-altitude training, but the amount of people generally gate keeping the types of masks means this will lead to more complaints lol. You can’t wear a full-face without being called greedy. You can’t wear a half-face without being called out for the exhaust valve. You can’t wear a true N95 without being called a thief. You could exercise in a typical cloth mask, but with the sweat and humidity, you’re basically water boarding yourself. I’m contemplating using a 3D printer to attach a filter to the exhaust port, but then someone will complain that I need to donate it lol.
I don’t buy either theory that Mystery Heroes favors your least played heroes in QP/comp or Mystery Heroes is truly random. I get Mei one in four heroes at this point, and it doesn’t cycle randomly post-death. Getting stuck with Mei back-to-back-to-back has become so common, too. And it’s not that I’m throwing or intentionally killing myself. Once I spawned as Mei, got a kill, and died &gt; came back as Mei &gt; fell off a cliff by accident &gt; still Mei &gt; got a double kill and died &gt; STILL Mei &gt; died &gt; spawned as Hanzo &gt; died &gt; spawned as Moira... What the fucking butts. I wish there was an option to pick one hero to not spawn as. I have yet to play tanks in Mystery Heroes, just Mei, a random DPS, and all the supports.
I’ve helped neighbors and friends of neighbors as a kid and yes, some folks are secretly choosing beggars who demand professional-grade work for little pay. You’ll go into a job under the assumption it’s a simple mow and trim and then she’s demanding you take a pile of junk to the dumps (on your dime), needs plumbing help, wants the gutters cleaned, and when you think you’re done, she’s unhappy with how her lawn looks and demands you mow it again. You basically leave the job site as the sun goes down with $20 in your pocket and she’s already calling your neighbor complaining. You get home and your neighbor laughs knowing she’s a piece of work. Then she’s calling you non stop asking why you’re not showing up on a weekly basis.
This always reminds me of the couple that was kidnapped and killed hiking through Afghanistan. Their families kept saying “but why would this ever happen?” You see, it’s easy to avoid the consequences of war by avoiding an active warzone.
Tbh, that equipment is old, was purchased years ago, and can be reused. Departments don’t procure masks literally hours before riot control lol. They’ve purchased them years ago and train in them. Hospitals have a whole different system of procurement and purchase entirely different equipment. No nurse is going to wear a CRBN mask and a plexiglass shield to treat patients.
Same. Our HS had a BONER for our cross country team and spent lavishly carting them around in leased tour buses and even redid our entire field so they could get a state of the art track. They bought the nicest hurdles and even built a shot put area which was never used. We were an aggressively average team for our size and conference (?) and won nothing. But our other teams literally got nothing despite winning their own championships. Our basketball team won back to back state championships when I was there but they had to buy their own uniforms. The excuse was they had two courts, but the school blocked off one court to preserve its history (it was 100 years old) and the newer court was only used for assembly lmao. So they had to use other schools’ courts. The XC team had a budget rival to DIII college teams but our other teams looked like MadMax meets March Madness.
I don’t care if I lose five fingers. This body was designed with REDUNDANCY in mind.
Tourists will find a way. In NC, we are FLOODED each weekend with Florida license plates visiting their summer homes, friends, camping, or finding the few Airbnb’s open. We actually had people drive out to our protests from Florida and make posts self-congratulating their participation in the local subs. Lmao we’re fucked.
Unless we get a OT/NT/Q trilogy reboot, they’re all canon. It’s not like any one particular interpretation re-cons the other.
I call it Shakira Law just to fuck with my crazy uncle. He hasn’t caught on yet.
I don’t recall a *rejection* of Christ when studying scripture. Jesus was one of many prophets, not some false idol used to lure people into damnation. There wasn’t a concept of *accepting* or *denying* him. It was simply: he’s important but let’s look at who is the most recent man. Unless you subscribe to some binary approach where you must throw everyone out for reasons...
Yes, but is it SCALABLE, RAPIDLY DEPLOYABLE, CLOUD-BASED, BLOCKCHAIN, ALGORITHMIC, MACHINE LEARNING? Or just machine learning?
It’s dangerous to work on towers, let alone scale one for fun even if you are an experienced climber. You could get electrocuted, fall, or become exposed to a lot of radiation. You could also damage equipment throwing the whole tower out of service.
I mean, *imagine neighbors burning to death unable to escape the collateral blaze.* I’m not trying to defend any one party, but theres no need to set the home on fire if the kids were already rescued. It also destroys any evidence linking other trafficked children. So, yay, you stepped over dollars to pick up pennies. Now the entire paper trail is gone. You saved a handful of kids and condemned another thousand to a lifetime of slavery...
He’s either the goofiest guy in the world or he’s a mega asshole who will call the cops on kids throughout his retirement lol
Ugh, another typical LIE-a-phragm pushing the blame on someone else /s
Besides, insurance would probably cover some form of a closed oxygen breathing apparatus if she truly had a medical condition.
They tried *many times* to take down Snapchat after Snap declined multiple buyouts by resorting to less-than-legal methods including intellectual property theft and bribery. Facebook literally stole Stories from Snap by getting ahold of internal documentation. Facebook routinely buys up and dismantles 100s of start ups every year to protect its own IP just like Oracle.
Eh, the Gobi shocks aren’t terribly overpriced for something you’ll probably be using daily. For perspective, they are the same price as a pair of OE trunk shocks for my VW and those things die quickly despite only carrying the weight of the trunk. I’ve burned through four pairs for my VW while the Gobi’s are holding strong.
It’s not really a paradox when you replace “No One” with “People in the know” and assume the crowds are composed of people out of the loop such as tourists. “No one goes there because it’s too crowded” means “It’s a tourist trap and there’s better places to check out.”
Plus a time machine for that sweet Prop 13 grandfathered protection or else you’ll be paying a grand or two in taxes a month.
Yep. Our local BLM chapter cancelled all marches and candle vigils for the foreseeable future because, I shit you not, white kids would storm the stage to scream “stop silencing the Black voice.” The worst was one chick who interrupted a moment of silence to bust out the shittiest slam poetry. She couldn’t figure out why people were booing her. And it’s always the whitest guilt kids screaming at straw men at these rallies: there isn’t a soul in the crowd who isn’t with the movement. There’s no need to steal the stage to remind everyone, you fuck nugget.
You could always search the county parcel database to find the contact information of the owner. It’s accurate because I kept forgetting my neighbor’s name and found him through the same search lol. Larger lot owners are used to getting requests from hunters so I imagine a metal detecting request would be okay.
I always found the inheritors to be worse than renters. In my experience, it’s the psycho son who inherited the house from his parents who becomes an absolute monster to deal with. I have one two houses down who is always in a screaming match or always throwing parties. He also buys up a bunch of junk cars and parks them EVERYWHERE instead of keeping them in his long driveway. So basically, he has an empty driveway and a two car garage but keeps at least 8 junk cars in rotation and also tells his buddies to park wherever. There are some nights where people’s driveways are blocked in and he’ll get into verbal arguments on behalf of his friends when push comes to shove.
He doesn’t care. These cars get towed constantly and a new one pops up. They are operational enough where he’ll sit on his porch, watch someone leave, and then move a new junker in place. The city is constantly tagging them with these yellow stickers and towing them a week or two later.
I have no idea how towing works so maybe? It’s a nice house he inherited so I imagine he also inherited plenty of cash. All he does is drink, smoke, and chat with people on his porch lol.
&gt; SPEEEEEEEED BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOST
Country Club is now default. You can’t post or comment until at least end of year.
Just correcting the inaccuracy as there are no more “normal” posts moving forward. It’s a soft-locked sub.
Depends on the county. Santa Clara county in CA took records offline to protect owners from solicitation. You’d need a warrant and a pray to get access to those deeds. One of my former bosses used to get kids banging on his door at all hours of the day pitching start ups. And this was back in the early 2000s. I can’t imagine what it would be like today. Where I live today is a different story. I looked up my neighbor to figure out his name (because I forgot his name immediately) and those records are so detailed, I wouldn’t be surprised if his grocery lists appear one day.
Worst comes to worse, you can fill a ziplock bag with air and smack it. Those pups are dumb loud if you pop them with enough force.
