Or you can just disable browser GFX acceleration.
It barely does anything for web browsing and will save a ton of power.
Not in this thread.
My family income is 140k and we are easily middle class, normal house, two cars, can afford all needs and most wants.
Yeah not cheap at all, 40 for the base 15 for 4 pods.
Yeah, but you go with the iPod because you can buy music from any corner store... I mean iTunes...
Wish my towels lasted 12+ years...
Alright.
US teachers make about the same or more and have the 3 months down time. Edit - Source https://www.niche.com/blog/teacher-salaries-in-america/ Remember to multiply US salary by 1.36 to get Canadian salary.
Gotta think like EA, they all start with Cigarettes and you sell nicotine patches in the store to increase run speed.
The person I replied to said MAKES UPWARDS OF, in this context it means that is a high mark and not a low mark. Yes a brand new straight out of college teacher isn't going to make a ton of money, neither is any other profession... You can also take all of those numbers and multiply them by 1.25 and get a real yearly salary as I don't know about you but if I don't work for 3 months I don't get paid either.
US teachers in the public school system have among the best benefits of any US citizen, they have a very powerful union, great health insurance and when they retire they have a state funded pension. You are also very uninformed if you think exchange rates don’t matter, in the US most goods should cost roughly 36% less than Canada as the majority of Canadian shit is just US shit sold in Canada.
And what you missed is that teachers get a HUGE portion of that paid for...
Knowing that you may be locked up because of the crimes of another person affects morale quite a bit.
I think Muggsy and Yai both have the same inseam here.
They also have AWD which gives significant traction advantages when they want to accelerate. When you are sliding either way you go since a lot of the drifty rally is on a shifting surface (sand, dirt, snow...), might as well do it predictably.
*Knock Knock* SOLAR WINDS HERE, WE CAN STREAMLINE YOUR ENVIRONMENT WTF its 12 in the morning... how did you get this address...
I would rather my users have a 14 digit password than Companyname4! If you 2FA everything anyway the password just needs to be secure and the 2FA handles the rotation piece.
Just deployed laps, it just works, pretty fuckin easy to get it all done correctly too.
Thats nice and all but it looks like you should pass it to your real brother first, he looks like "This motherfucker is taking his fucking time".
America forgot that whole "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights" part and that the constitution while declared for citizens should be our guide book for how we treat everyone and not just US citizens because it is a laying out of rights of free humans not just citizens.
Since you seem to use Zix, any fucking clue why every secured email service seems to have tech from the 90s?
She housed sensitive government data on an unproved server then when questioned about it deleted all of the data on the server.
With properly configured DNS there is very little reason for static IP's even with servers. That said I absolutely run statics on my servers but only do reservations on my clients.
Any cable, the second I throw one away I will need it.
DRIVE ME CLOSER SO I CAN BITE IT WITH MY MOUTH!
I would first ask... 1. Do you NEEEEED that much car or just want it and something cheaper would work? 2. I would look at what 6mo to 1 year old models of that car sell for used. (Also look if there are certified ones with included extended warranties on them, they can be good deals). Now you have comparables of what the car is truly worth after driving it off the lot, subtract that from the negotiated price for the vehicle then remove about 1k for it being used and then you have what you should put down. Its a bit variable but you should never drive off the lot upside down on a loan.
We are running out of CHEAP helium, we can make all the helium we want its just expensive and up until recently was dirt fucking cheap and was generally regarded as a waste gas from gas drilling. Side note, we do actually lose helium forever, it gets carried away by solar winds. &gt;Left: The polar auroral fountain sprays ions - oxygen, helium, and hydrogen - from Earth's upper ionosphere into deep space. The loss is miniscule compared to the immense ocean of air covering our world, but is significant in terms of what drives space weather around our world. (NASA) https://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/1998/ast08dec98_1
The whole spread includes... Crackers and cheese Roasted red tomatoes Flower cut red onion Whole roasted garlic Roasted bell peppers and jalapeños Quartered salted seedless watermelon And a bit of rosemary.
That just means your marketing to idiots...
Welp, if you bought the vesa mount then your TCO would be 5200 so much better than 6K.
Outrage for the sake of outrage is a far more disgusting attitude than understanding the reality of the situation that people die for random reasons at any time.
You're a fucking shill, the driver off the track has the responsibility.
From someone with a Ferrari flair you definitely need a /s to not look like a moron.
No he fucked up and almost crashed both of them... He should have taken his loss of the place then fought it back on track. You can't just fly over a corner and expect people to brake.
Mistakes when you are ahead are far more punishing then when you are behind.
He has control 2/3rds of the way across the road, the rest is him pointing his car directly into the racing line to force Lewis to brake.
And to be clear, they are there to receive the constructors trophy.
After he gained control he kept going right.
Until we can see what his throttle was doing we won't ever know if he did what he should have.
Not his responsibility to evade, his job is to stay as far right as possible and vets job is to leave a cars width.
Throttle data will show us if he was gunning it across the grass and caused the oversteer himself or if he was actually trying to control a spin, then we will also see when he was on it trying to push the car towards the wall. If you go look at the reply he points towards the wall and corrects to the left 3 times to close the door on Hammy.
What do you think oversteer is?
He comes in on the inside of the corner, stay to the inside because everyone else is on the outside. That is why the rule for rejoining is that you leave a cars width.
I 100% agree, but he also intentionally cut hammy off. Watch after the slide when he gets on it pointed towards the wall, he makes 3 small corrections to the left as he speeds up to turn away from the wall while still driving to the edge of the track closing the door.
You underestimate these drivers. Go watch at 17.25. He has 100% control of the car and is on the gas headed directly for the wall and makes 3 small corrections to the left to take the racing line. It was completely intentional to maintain his position.
He both regained control and intentionally drove further right. Watch it suppppper slow mo.
Just watch it all in suuuuper slow mo and follow the steering wheel.
I 100% agree with the penalty, watch in super slowmo where he intentionally drove into the wall once he regained control to squeeze ham.
Once he gets back on the track he has to turn hard to the right, this is oversteer causing the tail of the car to step out.
No he isn't there is no wrestling with it. Once the wheels straighten out he never turns the wheel right again and he has 0 momentum causing the car to step out to the left so yes he is 100% in control.
I did and I don't agree with it. Vettel carried his car onto the racing line on purpose.
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
The first frame shit was legit sliding, he got on the gas and spun the back and steered into it. This cleaned his tires and he was good to go. Everything after the drift was his own doing and very intentional.
Why would he say anything other than "I didn't have control". He has 0 incentive to tell the truth.
I posted a detailed breakdown frame by frame of what happened and a description of what Vettel was doing. Karun's was honestly done super quick and glossed over Vettels steering input.
Yep, those drivers literally react so fast they basically slow down time.
He never corrects any rear coming out after leaving the grass.
Right, I absolutely agree with that analysis, my problem is that he regains control halfway across the track and from there he can turn left and leave room but he doesn't, he continues a slow drift to the right and blocks Hamilton.
You can use ad hominem all you like, it just makes you look like a fool.
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
Exactly
Hey look someone who agrees with the Stewart’s who know much more than you do and have more info than all of us.
Riiiight the stewards who can see literally every piece of data and it lines up with the info we can see on the screen.
I posted every bit in the link above. If you can't read what I said and understand it then I can't help you. Go cry about your poor wittle Vettel.
He did though, He kept his car pointed towards the wall and accelerated instead of turning to the left and leaving room 3 times he corrects slowly to the left to take over the racing line while pushing his car slowly to the right.
Don't worry, few Americans can tell the difference between the different Asian races, most think anyone Asian is Japanese...
At that level of rich... it doesn't fucking matter.
You do understand you are literally saying the same fucking thing... HURR DURR YOU HAVEN'T EITHER. I am agreeing with the people who have more fucking data than anyone on this obviously mentally deficient sub and y'all are agreeing with someone who is demonstrably wrong.
The first lap things normally get overlooked due to shit being an absolute madhouse.
[See my rebuttal here.](https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK)
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK Watch his helmet
Its to not discourage people from taking runoffs and causing crashes. Better to have a small advantage given than have someone killed in a pileup.
Yep, anyone and their mom that doesn’t agree with the penalty is wrong.
Look at his tire position on the road, he is pointed right and is going right. Jesus use your eyes.
Yep!
I would rather go down a hero than see myself become a villain.
Its in the wet in Monaco, a lot more flies in those conditions, he also didn't come out next to Daniel. Daniel is also never along side him to get pushed into a wall. This whole tweet from him is costing him some respect IMHO. I would agree though that deserves a penalty.
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK Watch the helmet as he closes the gap to the right. He knew what he was doing.
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK
Can't do it when you just got back on track or that is gaining an advantage by leaving the track.
No it doesn't and you definitely underestimate the skill of an F1 driver if you don't think Seb can control his car that quickly. He is looking to the right mirror halfway through closing the gap to Lewis. And for context the entire scene is 2 seconds
He looks in his mirror, any sane person would jerk to the left to give a person space, an untamed racing drive would not.
I don't know if you have played the F1 games but one of the best ways to win is just shoot it across the chicane or massive run offs and pass people. Thats a game where no one gets hurt, this is the real world where you can kill someone and they should never be encouraged to shoot across a chicane and then park their car infront of a car going much faster.
That isn't how these cars work... Yes he got a bit light but you don't slide out like he did without being on the power which you can audibly hear.
The entire series?
https://imgur.com/a/eE4pGnK Sorry too many angry people.
That itty bitty slide, yeah I could control that any day of the week. I enjoy drifting my car much more than that regularly and my car isn't anywhere near as setup as his.
I am under no delusion I could drive an F1 car, I am however under the complete delusion that I can drift a car and definitely can recover from a tiny oversteer with a bit of opposite lock.
Those mean the same thing...
I have a 2016 Mustang GT right now, I Want more speed with less weight.
Absolutely an option I am debating. I kinda want to move to an LS platform for a cheaper way to speed with more reliability.
Not gunna lie that was typed when I was very tired. Anyway one of the worst thing that you can deal with when sliding is suspension travel. Hard suspension makes for very predictable slides with more controlled side to side motion as you regain traction.
Yeah, interested but heads are several thousand bux.
For 25/mo I would be on office365 without question.
We never needed a comedian though, we needed his voice on a station with credibility.
In Texas he is 100% correct, who knows wherever this is.
BRAKING NEWS you can still attempt to slow down when a car cuts in front of you. I have always been taught that you are responsible for the gap to the car ahead of you. When he saw that car coming over the truck driver had the duty to slow and leave a gap long enough for him to be safe.
Almost never and you would have to have some serious proof. Some guy did this to my wife in the rain, cut across 3 lanes to get into a turn lane and stuck out into her lane. because there was some proof of the hit being off center she was able to get the fault to 70/30 (30 being her) but that was after a lot of fighting.
They in no way were as smart as we are now. Humans use a collective memory to increase intelligence. We learn, innovate and then pass it down to be furthered upon. At the time of mammoths we had little collective knowledge and thus we used sticks and rocks.
Who gets to be the arbiter of truth?
No dictionary words... fuck that... https://xkcd.com/936/
You redline your bike and bounce off the rev limiter while not slowing down when you downshift? Because no one else does and if you do you're an idiot.
You have never rode a bike if you think that’s how it works... braking makes the bike stand up and then you can stop in a straight line.
Nothin wrong with that.
The ass is just so phat it stretched the lines.
Yep, don't think I could kill myself if I was dying laughing.
Ehh to a super rich person this is pocket change. A quick comparison 50000/100000/yr is 50% 50000/100000000 is .05% Or equivalent to 50 bux for the 100k worker
You do understand that every day banks take loans from the fed at the fed rate, add on their own rate and then lend that to customers. This is just how the bank system works. TARP was for funds outside of the normal federal lending system.
This is such an insane comment... go fear monger elsewhere. Plenty of white and brown people do horrible awful things every day and no one rounds them up. “Brown” people blew up the twin towers and killed 3000+ Americans and no one rounded up the brown people.
This isn’t even that bad... people are overrunning our resources at the border... if the big hit articles are that a few kids had to sleep in a van for two nights big fucking deal. Hell my parents made me sleep in a fucking tent in the woods and that thing didn’t have a built in AC system.
How are kids sleeping in a van war crimes, did your two remaining brain cells read the article?
The ones that died as far a I have read were insanely sick from their idiot parents walking them through a desert and died in hospitals because of their illnesses that couldn’t be fixed. I haven’t read a single story of a child dying because we somehow killed them.
Do you see anywhere that they were left unattended or without food water and AC/heat? Cause I read the article and it basically said they used the cars as mobile cots.
8-10 hours sleeping two nights and probably just hanging around for another 3... sounds fine to me.
You’re sorry my parents took me camping? I didn’t like camping but it definitely wasn’t abuse. Abuse is dragging your children into a foreign country across some of the most dangerous ground into a system you are hoping to exploit because it is overloaded. Sleeping for a few nights in a van isn’t abuse.
Nothing in the article states anyone was abused or neglected and there was no mention of lack of food or water or AC.
Tell me, how long is a night? If you spend from say 8PM-8AM asleep you are going to spend 24 hours over two days...
If you can find anywhere that the cars were off or that they were ever unattended without food and water and I will change my mind. You’re reading what you want to read and missing that there are parts that make this not a big deal.
Yep, we retaliated maybe incorrectly but we didn’t round up all the brown people in the us.
23 hours at most over a 39 hour period. I think I would survive just fine. I may not be happy about it but as you have obviously missed not a single mention in this article of them being without food, water, supervision or AC. They slept in a van like a cot big deal.
Again the only story I have read was one where the kid was sick before she got to the US if you have a different one please provide it.
23 hours at most over a 39 hour period. I think I would survive just fine. I may not be happy about it but as you have obviously missed not a single mention in this article of them being without food, water, supervision or AC. They slept in a van like a cot big deal.
I am no apologist for the war, the Iraq war was predicated on lies. The Afghan war was IMHO justified to the best of our knowledge. The fact we don't sanction SA is reprehensible to me, but the orangutan wont hurt his funders.
Do you think if they could write that they wouldn't? These are smear articles designed to enrage your little brain. They will twist every fact to make it sound like they were locked in a car in 130 degree weather when the fact is they were just providing a place to sleep so they could get to their parents faster.
You might consider taking your own advice.
The conditions in an air conditioned van are much nicer than camping, hell I sleep in my car if I want to camp with friends. Over a 39 hour period the longest a child stayed in the car was 23 hours that includes two nights sleeping.
They still can't fix that other thing though.
I hope the reason was that he realized he didn’t want to live another weekend without her.
Meh, a basement and chains works well for that,
Start with a large sphere then construct a cube after!
Look, you can be all LSC all you want but at the end of the day if we don’t have companies, we don’t have jobs, if we don’t have jobs we don’t have taxes and if we don’t have taxes we don’t have a government that can provide you public services. Being anti profit is anti everything, profits have to come for people to do the work.
Great straw man and ad hominem with 0 actual arguments against the points he made.
How can dems argue for the cheap labor... under the table labor basically means slaves...
That isn't how this works. If there are options other than success that don't obtain the goal those are valid failures without being the same type of failure. 20% success means 80% didn't succeed.
Uhhh did you forget what happened in Africa... genocide... definitely in your lifetime...
If the judicial branch finds no legal issues with the law then yes only the legislative branch can change the law. But at that point the law is just something you don't agree with and not a violation of human rights because if it was the judicial branch would strike it down as being unconstitutional.
*hugs*
The problem is if you make the US unfavorable to companies they will leave... Mexico and Canada are loving our manufacturing jobs and would love to have the corporate headquarters. How far we have to push before that happens requires an economist but I do know once they are gone you would have to bend so hard to bring them back it would likely collapse the entire country. In the end its all a balance and profit has to be there for it to work.
Biology has nothing to do with culture, white people can fall just as far into thug culture as anyone else and often do. The culture bred from poor communities and became violent as drugs and being dumb was made popular.
Just a point of order, slavery ended 7-8 generations ago and segregation was 3ish generations ago.
His straw man was trying to turn the argument towards the census instead of staying on topic.
2-3 generations isn't that long ago, Shes 54 which is why 3ish generations.
When using generation to refer to the passage of time you absolutely are using it wrong.
Are you going to throw a tantrum and throw your juice box next? That is what your argument has devolved into...
Yes it is, a straw man changes an argument into a different argument that you can win. Below is the definition from google. He replied to a point with a point about something else that was close enough it could be construed as part of the original argument but truly just attacked the new target he created. A straw man is a form of argument and an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent's argument, while actually refuting an argument that was not presented by that opponent. One who engages in this fallacy is said to be "attacking a straw man."
The greatest lie that waiters tell is that they don’t make much money, where the truth is omfg they make a ton and don’t pay taxes on cash and generally make multiples of what the BOH workers make at min wageish.
He just wanted to hug the little girl.
They are deadly when they lose their grip and fall on you.
He got stuck cause he THICC
I stepped up slowly... 300 hp mustang 440 hp mustang 640 hp corvette Made the transition to power a lot easier.
Ever heard of the statement "Liberals eat there own"? There ya go, prime example.
"Our parents"? We have like 4+ generations on reddit now. 80-* year olds 60-80 year olds 40-59 year olds 20-39 year olds 10?-19 year olds
And Molotov cocktails it looks like... If someone set one of your houses on fire... You just may shoot them.
The wood is just wearing away from the abrasion of cleaning and use.
Archive the OLM and start fresh if possible... who the fuck needs 10 years of emails on tap.
The apple stab was pretty brutal.
/r/SuddenlyGay
You didn't call me a dipshit... you're out.
Reds: +1 Blues: -1
My only issue is that I know dogs are incredibly stoic and also ignore pain to a massive extent. Those dogs spines aren't designed for the load they are being asked to carry.
We have a dachshund that has back issues. When it gets bad he will laze around more but if my wife moves he would knaw off his own leg if it means he could be near her. Dogs fight through a lot of stuff.
I guess, man, there are just some things in history that should carry such reverence that you don't joke about it, at least not on a public stage.
Having almost 0 knowledge of OTT outside of in game interactions with the streamers I watch... I can't tell if he is trying and its kinda off or if he is a great singer and is fucking around. I expect the 2nd.
We don't have the infrastructure. The sad fact is we have accessible healthcare because it is expensive. If healthcare was free the system would burst at the seams because people would use it for everything then it would become overloaded.
It is free to the poor who don't have insurance who would over run the current infrastructure.
6 figures no degree here.
But then we are all just sitting around a blunt saying “you gonna light that shit?”
Except when microsoft does it :p SBS I'm lookin at you.
I don't count my licensing costs in with my pcs. I have volume licensing so my licensing cost is fixed per device no matter what devices I have, I can throw away all my PCs and still have my windows 10 licences.
Yeah, I lived in wyoming and when it got that cold you could throw a cup of water up in the air and it froze before it hit the ground... I don't see how pressure washing anything at those temps would do anything but turn into ice blasting.
I didn't I was asking about the ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯.
oof true, fuckin reddit. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Even if it is true... It is in no way sexist to say a woman can't win this race. IMHO I don't think the country is there yet either. Just because you can realize that other people are sexist and in a popular vote aren't going to vote for a woman doesn't in any way make you a sexist.
And the back :)
And more repost, this was on the front page yesterday with more meme added to it.
a grain of rice.
I make 100K a year... 90% of my job is googling the error you get on your computer or googling for a guide on how to do something with a computer. Being a systems admin is 10% understanding how shit works and 90% being able to find how shit works.
I would suggest making it a bit more human readable. VE01-SPV-ADC01 This is really similar to my naming scheme and it works really well in this order as it allows for you to focus on the last segment to know what you want to get. I added the S in the SPV for Server Production Virtual. With that addition you can now use the naming scheme for all devices in your network. VE01- RPP-RTR01 - Very Extreme Site 01 Router Production Physical Router 01 VE01-SPP-SW01 - Very Extreme Site 01 Switch Production Physical Switch 01 VE01-SPP-CSW01 - Very Extreme Site 01 Switch Production Physical Core Switch 01
True, you could clarify it further with... VE01-SPP-R1C01 Very Extreme Site 01 Switch Production Physical Rack 1 Core 01 Keeping the type in the same spot is important for consistency.
30XX i3 8gb SSD with two 24 inch monitors and an Amazon basics keyboard setup. Laptops are 35xx with usb-c docks and roughly the same specs.
Its because "normal" needs no extra description so adding a description makes it feel weird to be called cis to just mean "normal". An interesting way to show this is to imagine who I am describing as you read the following names and descriptions. &gt;!Bob!&lt; &gt;!Bob is young!&lt; &gt;!Bob is a young homosexual!&lt; &gt;!Bob is a young homosexual female!&lt; &gt;!Bob is a young black homosexual female!&lt; &gt;!Bob is a young black homosexual trans female!&lt; &gt;!I bet your brain went from a middle aged white guy, to a more fit 20ish white guy with style, to a female, to a black female, to a black female with masculine features. Our brains build a model based off incomplete data then change that model as more data is filled in.!&lt; Welcome to the weird psychology of labels. Labels have fun consequences like self segregation and feelings of oppression even when no oppression exists.
In all of your descriptions it absolutely is abnormal. Just because you put a negative connotation on abnormality doesn't mean the words definition changes. Also the medical field uses neurotypical to describe a "normal" brain so that word is out as well.
They are absolutely processing everything you say.
Until we as a group block SPF fails, they never will. REMOVE THE FUCKING ~
I vote pipe shit. get-id | use-id
I have rode a motorcycle at 160, it isn't too bad.
How many cats have you killed with their vegan diet?
If google isn't gunna help I doubt we will be much. Vinyl wrapping would be the easiest nice way to do it.
https://www.amazon.com/Acer-XG270HU-27-inch-FREESYNC-Widescreen/dp/B00VRCLHYS Gaming monitors like red.
https://www.amazon.com/Moonse-Waterproof-Dustproof-Decoration-Protector/dp/B00Q6IDLTM?ref_=BSellerC&amp;pf_rd_p=552b8236-4efd-534e-9545-169febf7fc0b&amp;pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-6&amp;pf_rd_t=101&amp;pf_rd_i=3012925011&amp;pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_r=3TXDZPBSM58RAXB9CSVM&amp;pf_rd_r=3TXDZPBSM58RAXB9CSVM&amp;pf_rd_p=552b8236-4efd-534e-9545-169febf7fc0b
Full welding gear would do a pretty good job.
My boss did one of these paid hunts and got to eat the giraffe with the villagers.
I love the guys but I kinda don't want them to use this kinda trick anyway... Touching my potential food to someone elses cone that is already in their hand isn't exactly cool IMHO.
1. Anything that is only needed temporarily 2. Anything that requires massive swings in scaling 3. Anything that is required to be accessible 24/7 365 from the internet.
Roughly yes.
But that plays into a great conspiracy theory narrative.
The fact that windows update EVER breaks a PC is the reason LTSC is the best way forward. Everyone should demand the lifecycle of LTSC for business. Microsoft lost all trust when an update deleted files off PCs.
Correct.
Welcome to the ugly side of socialized health care. It's amazing you don't have a bill and is probably worth that 5 hours of pain not to, but god damn if those hours aren't just murder. First kidney stone I got prompt treatment. Passed my 6th last night and don't even feel them till they get near the bladder now.
My best analogy is the worst gas pain you have ever felt times 10.
A scar from a swing would definitely be a reminder not to do stupid shit on playgrounds...
It is the most important place to be pedantic. Words lose meaning when used incorrectly.
Which was true.
There is no capital... If tomorrow your car was worth 1B dollars, your net worth is 1B and change but you don't HAVE 1B to spend till you sell your car. What an owner of a company has is the value of ownership of their company.
Literally this entire comment thread is people complaining that people that start and run companies and pay workers are bad, AOC's comment is that those people who run the companies are stealing the money from the people they work for.
Her statement doesn't exclude those people. Mom and pops are the ones who are most likely to underpay their employees due to the low profit made by small operations due to economies of scale.
Plenty of companies do this, that said giving out shares has lots of implications as far as ownership, especially when an owner gives them out of his ownership stake. Do you like hostile takeovers? Because that's how you get hostile takeovers.
Absolutely not, I am super against Citizens United, worst thing to every happen to this country. I am also very very against the wall street bailouts. Hell I think "wall street" needs to be completely reworked because as it stands now its just a giant roulette wheel with HFT and speculative short term purchases. I am strangely liberal capitalist.
My biggest issue with the current economic system is corporate influence on government and government influence on the private sector. We see any time the government injects tax dollars into a private sector the prices inflate massively (health care, college and housing). We see that any time corporations are allowed to govern themselves and others they create an unfair system or monopolies (Verizon with the FCC and Boeing with the FAA) What I want to see most in the economy though is spending. I want a billionaire to have something to spend their money on so that it fuels growth. This really isn't an issue with most people but is an issue with companies and war chests.
There is no reason for aid to China, they aren't poor and don't have any medical needs. I am sure US scientists are looking into the virus but past that it isn't like China needs help.
Yep, only came with android auto.
But someone who drowns in 1 foot of water...
Ahh, whatever I can preach it from a mountain top but ya gotta live it to know it.
Lol, I’m not saying I don’t have savings and shit. But I miss being that kid struggling and fighting the world with my wife. Once you have what you need the world gets boring.
Ehh, Its not like im old, I did this over the course of 8 years from 15/hr to 52/hr. When all the big problems go away the small problems become the big problems and those are so much more annoying and hard to deal with.
They aren't far from it. They are stripping hearts down to non biological material and using that as a scaffold to grow heart tissue on.
I really wish my brain would work better and burn more calories... I both feel like I forget shit all the time and I am fat...
It’s like pooping... but from your rib cage... involuntarily.
Sounds like he is a leather worker in his primary time as well.
Here is what everyone wants to see... https://i.imgur.com/r26llwX.png
I have saved many a crash from people entering my lane with a horn.
Mayors, Sheriffs and Governors all need to release a plan that puts in place an independent committee of citizens that will review police incidents and have a separate prosecutor that takes these cases. Let the people know there is a plan to increase accountability and this stops. These could be elected positions or a jury duty style system.
I would expect the onus is on the people in power to take charge and provide a plan.
I honestly don't care about the militarization, actual consequences for their actions will reduce the militarization by itself.
People believe the silence from the "good ones" is just as bad as the actions of the bad ones. I don't disagree, you either self police efficiently or you devolve into a cesspool.
Probably almost 100 years... yeah wohoo tech but the level of shit dropping this year is biblical.
The hard part to me is the duality of wanting to as much good for the kid as could come from that (prosecution?) and the pure gut wrenching sorrow.
6\. End asset forfeiture.
Those poor infertile couples that shouldn't get married in your eyes...
Texas has had sodomy laws in my lifetime.
The government should legislate to protect YOUR rights from others. Stealing is your right to be secure in your belongings being violated. Your control over another human ends when their actions do not harm you. You sound like a democrat trying to control people with laws instead of us having freedom. If you want a totalitarian government move to another country. And no, I don't think the laws should restrict drugs or gambling. Those affect a single person, if the problem starts to harm others THEN you step in. If I want to gamble on MY property with MY money then who are you to tell me what I can do.
As I yours. I don't know if I was very clear... I don't like that it has turned into that. I love my flag and wish I could fly it without thinking people would think I am some sort of white racist.
That sounds a lot more like a dictatorship than the free country we live in and love.
Yep, if the cops would leave the peaceful protests alone and go fight the looters I feel like all of this would go more smoothly.
No surgery, just a dude that looks like a lady and thinks they are a lady.
I dislike both...
Also the lug nut analogy is just to describe the difference between something essential and valuable.
Its a bra hanging out... does everyone have to turn everything up to 11 all the time?
What am I supposed to do about the culture of violence in lower class black America? Police are too harsh, Police arrest to many black people, Police are too soft on crime... what the fuck do you want?
I think you watch too much “news” and know nothing you talk about.
You're the problem not the solution.
Giving someone who you don't know their mental state a needle and a drug that can easily kill or grievously harm is a bad idea.
A cop should absolutely never hand you a needle and a deadly drug while you are in their custody. The only thing this cop needed to do was ask "Are you in need of immediate medical attention" if the answer is yes he should call the paramedics.
Yeah... do you know how deep an artery in your neck is? Cops can't give anyone a deadly weapon in their custody. In this situation in particular the woman is asking for both a deadly weapon and deadly drug. That would be a big nope. The cop should have asked if she was having a medical emergency, if she was he should have called the paramedics to check her blood sugar and administer glucose or insulin as needed.
Welp, you can fight for cops to give people access to deadly drugs/weapons in their custody all you like, I don't think that one is going to fly.
Welcome to why its so important that the US doesn't pass "Hate Speech" laws.
Wow you read a lot of words that didn’t exist there...
It places no trust “down the line” all she should need to say is I need paramedics to any cop and they should be able to provide that service. If they don’t then fuck them they need to rot under the jail. No cop should EVER give a person under arrest access to a deadly drug and needle.
I agree, not defending the cop here. He should have taken much better care of the person in his custody. I am just amazed at the people saying to give her the insulin kit.
They may make room for police. I don’t think it is the situation above but it is a potential situation.
Yes... it absolutely can kill somone... http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/6250172.stm
I mean yeah I guess... but there isn't any other solution. You absolutely can't give someone in custody a deadly weapon.
Well I definitely think we should ban H20 in police custody. Oh wait they already restrict access to large bodies of it while in police custody as well BECAUSE IT CAN BE USED TO KILL SOMEONE.
No but you seem to be... http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/6250172.stm
Its a risk that can't be taken. That cop could hand his gun to 99.999999% of people in the world and they wouldn't shoot him but he won't hand his gun to anyone because there is a chance they are the .000001%. This woman could hurt herself or others with the kit and it would be on him while she is in his custody. It simply isn't worth the risk.
I just see a guy resisting cops orders. Its never going to end well and they are never going to get in trouble for it if you resist them.
Man the bar for that has dropped so far its amazing. They didn't truncheon this guy, they didn't kick him on the ground. You didn't ask if I felt bad for the dude... I do. I don't agree with the cops and how they handled it. I just don't think its "Brutality".
They didn't ask him to stand up, they said put your hand back on your head (where he had them originally). If he had done that who knows how it would have gone. Instead he refused a lawful order then was strong enough to hold himself in the car as 2 officers tried to restrain him.
Welp, this has turned into name calling. You clearly have no argument.
Well stated argument, your intelligence is mind boggling. Are you related to these people? https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gvxekm/protester_going_insane_made_worse_by_someone/
This is the shitty thing. People can edit video to make it look good for either side. Context is so important in most of these.
3rd - This one is kinda meh, it was coming right at him though. 5th - the dog jumped at the officer, sad but needed. 9th - I don't know what would have been worse for her, a tase or a physical confrontation. A broken hip or rib can be just as dangerous at that age. That cop gave her every chance in the world to comply. Everything else I agree is spot on.
We don't know how it would have played out if he listened to the cops. We can pray it would be a civil situation where they allow him to either stay seated or move to a chair. I don't know if that would have been the case or not. Once he started arguing with them and disobeying orders though the shit hit the fan unfortunately. Once someone becomes combative there is a relatively standard procedure for moving someone to their stomach and cuffing behind the back.
He did that with the first "I'm paralyzed" I don't really know what the expected reaction past that was... I dunno, seems like an unfortunate series of events neither side is blameless, dude had a rough day and the cops weren't nice about it. I still don't think its brutality. Like I said in my first post though, nicer cops would have made that much better.
The fun thing is that a Fox supporter would say the exact same thing about their chosen flavor of propaganda.
You're gonna stand there, ownin' a fireworks stand, and tell me you don't have no whistlin' bungholes, no spleen splitters, whisker biscuits, honkey lighters, hoosker doos, hoosker don'ts, cherry bombs, nipsy daisers, with or without the scooter stick, or one single whistlin' kitty chaser?
As a pyro, this is generally called an artillery shell. They are roughly 1.75 inches in diameter for a single shot and can have as many as 3 shots in a single round along with the propellant charge.
Me and you actually are pretty god damn equivalent on our beliefs. The problem we have is that the parties have found its easier to guide an idiots opinion than figure out what you really want.
Lets be clear here... an adult made this sign and handed it to a kid.
By that point you have built them a home made tesla.
Every single person arrested through this needs to request a jury trial.
Blacks only make up 13% of the population so their numbers should be roughly 1/6th of the white population and they aren't.
As a strong 2A supporter... I will gladly fight against that.
Not quite time to go shoot cops. 2A is the last resort when all else fails.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gudbix/man_brings_ar_to_the_george_floyd_protest_in/ This guy did...
They answered your question in the last sentence. When it becomes the norm they will be there.
And your feelings of the clearing of the park for his photo op? I agree with you on covid though I don't think he handled it well as much as this was the natural progression but I don't think covid was his fault. I actually liked most of his words towards Floyd and the protests. The clearing of the park though lost me. I am not a trump fan but I take it on a case by case basis and while he hasn't ever handled things in a presidential way, for the most part he hasn't been outright evil, until that point.
You just can't help some mentally ill people. When you become a danger to others it doesn't matter if you are ill, on drugs, or just insane. I will absolutely rally against bad cops when they do something wrong but this isn't the case. That guy on the front page is where I hold issue with cops, defending them shooting a man with a bat after they try to use less lethals on him is not helping the cause.
Microsoft has failed in almost every recent endeavor. They are seriously floundering as a company in the innovation realm.
Kinda funny that ending the war on drugs and the decriminalization of all drugs would likely solve a large part of these problems.
You never aim anywhere but center mass... period end of story. You never risk a stray bullet to try and wound the person. If you have moved to using a gun you are shooting to kill and that is that. I would be interested in seeing a story from your country where the cops try to knee cap someone...
Anderson with the RF-85 coating is probably the most user friendly AR in the world. I highly recommend it for new gun owners.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gudbix/man_brings_ar_to_the_george_floyd_protest_in/ This is why I absolutely won't be bringing a weapon to the protests.
Long rifles don't require a LTC only pistols.
You do know you lose all credibility when you use the haircut line right...
Oof is all I can say about CA gun laws.
Wow so now everyone who owns an AR is a racist? Get the ever loving fuck out of here. This is the definition of the left eating their own, you are part of the reason I don't like being called a liberal.
I would prefer a mexican standoff to one guy having all the power. Guns are the definition of equality. No person has an advantage.
It isn't my responsibility to take a bullet for you. You bring your gun and I will bring mine.
They said "The AR-15 is nothing but a dog whistle" which is literally saying an AR means you're a racist. What do you think a "dog whistle" in this context is?
Dunno if anyone here has ever been in a rear naked choke but you absolutely can breath while you're in one. The a proper rear naked choke is a blood choke between the bicep and the forearm on the jugular. Dude was putting on a bit of a show and freaked out but wasn't in any danger.
I think you're the only joke around here.
Ahh the 3 Vs and an S
99.999999999% of people fall into XY or XX. Intersex is so small we shouldn't base a societal structure around it.
I don't know if you know... Trump won't give his last 2 senile, syphilis raddled brain fucks for optics.
Right, then don’t go to his events... it’s not like he does anything anyway.
Yeah, nothing in the least unprofessional here... plenty of chill outs. Dude effectively ran from the cops over a stop sign and then waited in the car for 6 mins defying orders. Then gets out and screams why you stop me over and over even when answered and told to calm down. I saw what I want to see from the police here. They were calm and professional and attempted to calm the guy down. This is the shit that will bury the movement to reign in bad cops. Contextless video, edited to enrage. Don’t be a sheep, always look for context.
Dude sat in a car for 6 mins doing who knows what after ignoring the cops. No sir that is exactly when you get out guns drawn. Even after that though they were very nice to a very belligerent man.
Too many risks there, he could have been running to a home where a friend would come out and shoot you. You escalate to the situation not through each level of force. The danger those cops were in justified. They were still calm and respectful.
Do you think cops should only pull a gun after they have a gun drawn on them? There was a significant number of risks to this officer. This is the reason we will never get police reform, you ask too much and understand too little.
He could be anything... He could get out of that car and swing an AR at them. They assessed the risk and found it prudent to draw, they were too far away for tasers anyway.
You would have to hold it quite a while after they go completely limp to do harm.
This scene is why a lot of cops act the way they do. This could be any stop they make.
Oh, one of the euro dudes... yeah have a good one buddy.
You got some major issues.
Its a bad shoot and bad shooting. Cop would be trained to shoot at the chest and shot the dude in the legs... thank god he fucked up but how do you miss that bad...
Hindsight is 20/20
Fun thing, hes the mayor not a cop. No qualified immunity.
Nope, actually like 5 comments back I called him a KKK member. I support BLM and cops having far less immunity and waaay more accountability. Plan to be at the protests tomorrow. Good job attacking a supporter of the cause though. You're the problem.
So you do things that would make the cops even more upset? You also don't get out screaming at people you're scared of.
They are gunna spend as much money as they are given (or steal more through asset forfeiture). I just have no clue what you would use an APC for. They are "armored" but don't have 50 cal's on top of the ones I have seen. For the list of things to be worried about... I just don't think it should be the first.
Cool, the cops didn't over react to his outburst and he is alive and arrested exactly as he should be. He wasn't beaten or hurt in any way. If every cop was as calm and collected as this man we wouldn't have the issues we have today. Its johnny "respect my authoritah" law who I want brought to justice not this guy who was restrained and calm even in a tense situation.
Woo downvotes, honestly the best place to be is either the top or the bottom. I get heard either way.
Ehh the riots have calmed down, things are pretty chill now. I doubt we will see the military get deployed past DC and if they do they are duty bound to disobey an order to fire on the American people.
Dude don't tempt it...
No... just... no. Cars hydroplain because of speed, tires are designed to disperse water at a certain gallon per second so that the rubber can contact the road. If you go too fast in too much rain/water, the water is being shoved under faster than the tire can get rid of it and thus you ride up on it like a hydrofoil and your rubber no longer contacts the road. A car floats in water because it is mostly hollow. It eventually sinks because it has a bunch of holes that let the water in slowly. Think of being in a boat with a hole in the bottom. It will sink but not immediately. Cars get swept away by water because people have no clue about the insane force of flowing water. Fun example... have you ever had a gust of wind blow your car left or right while you're driving? Thats fucking air. Water will have significantly more force behind it.
I agree... Whatever, bring it on after 2020 a civil war would probably be out shined by airborne Ebola or something... Giant meteor 2020.
&gt;Take care of yourself friend xxx We're all stuck at home, of course we are taking care of ourselves.
Governors don’t like rogue mayors. Hopefully he isnt buddy buddy.
I don’t even know what you’re trying to tell me here.
Not funny though, 90 year olds falling is a serious issue, along with degloving while trying to pick them back up. I hope that poor lady didn't flop to save her grandson at the risk of her life.
They don't have to...
I don't agree with you on it being easy to be on the correct side of things here. Over on /r/PublicFreakout people are thinking a cop looking in the general direction of a person is abuse it seems. Though I will agree its not hard to be on the correct side with this poor old guy. Fuck those guys.
So how do you expect a cop to do his job? They draw their pistol you hate them and tell them to use kungfu, they use BJJ and you say they might as well shoot them. What the fuck do you want from them? This is a text book use of a rear naked choke that didn't harm her in the least, he then restrained her the best he could on his own and then cuffed her. He used no excessive force and didn't harm her. We have to make sure we aren't demonizing the good while we clean up the bad. Cops have to use force, that is their tools, that is what we call them for. That force must be measured and used in a way to cause maximum compliance with minimal risk to them and the civilians they enforce the laws upon. A cop without force is like a fireman without a firehose. "Go put out that building with a bucket" sounds pretty insane right?
The guy who did the hold on Garner didn't do an RNC, he put his forearm across his throat crushing his windpipe.
Be clear, Garner wasn't a RNC, he used his forearm across the windpipe, Floyd's murderer just crushed the dudes neck with his knee.
But all the other things have engines too... unless its a sail boat but thats kinda air...
The argument against that is that its unknown when that could happen. You could go to a "Loud neighbor" call and the dude comes at you with a gun or knife. Cops just need accountability and training. You get them trained on how to deal with all levels of a situation and not just "Warrior Training" and you will have a multipurpose tool instead of a fucking hammer.
Officer should not give you insulin, the danger of low blood sugar is far greater than the danger of high blood sugar. I don’t agree with the rest of your points but I’m mobile and can’t type all I need to.
Brakes drag enough to hear it a bit but I can free spin the wheel with a little drag.
Middle class here... I like my life thank you...
I just use my AR 16, its 1 better.
So untrained Vietnamese people took up arms against the largest military in the world and won and you don't think that millions of Americans who shoot weekly couldn't do better?
Just because I am pedantic, by your interpretation, the murder of any one person is now genocide because you are killing a part of one of those classifications.
The amendment proposed is a change that the intent must be severe bodily harm. It includes attempted severe bodily harm as well. I don't see anything wrong with that amendment and the argument against it only seems to be "Well if we amend the bill it has to go back through the house"
His example was a black woman who slapped 3 jewish women in New York while screaming racial epithets at them. She was already charged with up to 4 years in prison due to it being racially motivated. He was concerned this could add another 10 years if they wanted to attempt to prosecute under this bill.
They are inalienable without due process. Though that thought has slowly gone away as time goes by. They are rights because all free humans are guaranteed them without qualification. Privilege is granted before you have it based on some qualification. Its a small difference but important.
He isn't worried, you gotta be able to read to be offended by it.
I thought we were supposed to laugh at clowns.
Its having guns and people not listening to cops. People need to be taught how to interact with the police because it isn't the same as interacting with another person. We have the right to bear arms but that also brings with it the need to comply to police orders when given. When someone acts out of line with those orders cops get scared and scared people do dumb shit. Just to be clear I am not justifying the murder of unarmed men and women, just that citizens of the US because of our freedoms must hold ourselves to a higher standard when dealing with the police. That said, bring on massive police reform and the loss of QI.
Ditch the mandatory suspension. If people knew they could get cops suspended by complaining about them they would complain about everything. Maybe "too many valid complaints".
I would say a majority of this country can get behind his words. Problem is now BLM is anti-cop and any republican trying to make steps towards "anti bad cop" isn't going to get re-elected. Extreme's breed more extremes.
When you crush one organization, what keeps you from crushing another?
Cool, those are private companies doing that. No problem there. Just don't expect the government to do it.
Go back to real stock cars and I will watch. Watching a tube chassis purpose built race Camry drive around a circle with a choked V8 isn’t too fun IMHO. Give me a bunch of mustangs, Camaro, challengers, supras, and whatever else a manufacturer wants to sell 500 of to the public then I will watch that glory. Bring back STOCK car racing!
“The model T wasn’t that good, why should we worry about thes car things” - horses Just because something isn’t good today doesn’t mean it won’t get better. The rate of development on AI is insane right now.
The bar for entry for “drinking a beer in public” is a bit different than “insanely complex computer AI models”. I absolutely know what I am asking for, I do systems administration and software development. Banning it will never stop everyone but it should stop the majority and greatly slow the development of those systems. This is more like stem cell research, the cats out of the bag on if we can do it but we have largely banned it so the research we are doing is very very slow compared to if we hadn’t.
I mean, who knows how many of those interns are Russian, that could throw this whole balance off.
Precedent is that "premeditation" can be done in the moment. The way this will go down is 1 black guy will beat up a white guy while 4 of his friends watch and they will all get told "plea guilty to XYZ or you will get slapped with a lynching charge".
The supreme court sees very very few cases. They generally let a lower court decide. The problem with this charge is that it may be years of prosecutors threatening it before someone takes it to court and gets legal precedent.
Yeah well my mom told me women don’t sweat they perspire. She was a damn liar.
Are you forgetting about the hulk.
Get some wealthy lefty to buy you a bunch of land in wyoming and see how long a commune lasts before weird shit starts happening.
Unfortunately not quite true. The right to a lawyer in this country blows up that argument.
Uhhh, non-hispanic whites are 60% of the country.
Bill gates? There are plenty of rich leftists.
Look, if you have so little drugs that you can flush them before a proper warrant can be served... You really didn't have that much. The easy answer is though to just turn off the water to the house and maybe the sewage line if you think someone has drugs. Pay for the fucking damage if they don't. Drugs are never worth someones life.
There is a reason we wear leather to protect us on motorcycles, skin is pretty damn tough. I took a tumble at 60 in light gear and I didn't meat crayon too hard.
The pocket pussy heavy portfolio disagrees.
Hmmm can a helicopter do a negative G turn?
We saw what happened last time some Texans decided not to follow the law.
My personal opinion on heritage is that all goes away when you become an American. You mix your culture into the pot with the rest of ours. I don't celebrate specific Irish, German, British or Native American holidays. We all have to mesh and be cohesive, self segregation can be as bad or worse than forced segregation.
Its almost the same round as an AR.
Hunting deer you want 1 shot 1 kill. A good hunter with a 30-06 or .308 can do that. A polar bear you would just mag dump and pray you hit something important.
I honestly wouldn't mind my chances. 40 round mag vs grizzly, depending on starting position I guess, I feel I would win that fight.
Yep, you don’t wanna hunt a bear with a small caliber because you are just going to hurt it a lot before you kill it. We hunt with large calibers for the one hit kill. If you are defending yourself you just unload and ain’t nothing a bear got gunna stop a 5.56.
7.62 is also good because it fires from an AK which will shoot anything after being under water for 10 years then burned to dry it out.
Good ole East Asia, or is it Eurasia... I can never remember.
Honestly for the majority of these situations the police need to be guards for the people with specialty training.
If they gave him a field sobriety test he definitely didn't get dragged out.
Does anyone HAVE to kill anyone? No. But sometimes they will kill you or someone else if you don't.
Considering the number of police interactions... yeah being murdered by a cop while unarmed is incredibly rare. Like... Death by a tv falling on you rare.
Cause he just threatened their lives. If a guy with a gun is running away do you just let him go? The man shot a deadly weapon at the officers. (Yes tasers are LESS LETHAL but are deadly weapons) he cannot be allowed to flee the scene. If it was a guy who just ran from the cops as they came up, whatever live to fight another day but this man was clearly dangerous. You can’t just let that kinda person run free.
You got any better numbers? Cause if you don’t you’re just talking with your feelings and no facts.
Ya know what, sure. Drink, drive, go to hell.
Fun fact, drunk drivers kill 10x more people than cops and all their victims are innocent. They also kill more children than all the people cops killed.
Some sort of a lynching one may say...
The plans have been in the basement under the Washington monument for years!
I used to have a 2003 2.4 manual Accord. K24's are a great starting platform but you have economy i-vtec. If you want to go quicker a TSX engine would be an easy swap, or swapping on a TSX / RSX type S / Civic Si head onto it for full vtec. You can put a K-Tuned / Hondata ECU in and get the car dialed in. There are a bunch of options for K-series upgrades, your path is determined by budget.
Taking things away from a mentally unstable person is generally not a great idea shy of a dangerous weapon. You can both alienate yourself and increase their psychosis and direct it at yourself.
Why couldn't he?
Right, two cops have a nice conversation with fucking piece of shit drunk driver, who then fights them and steals a LETHAL weapon from them and fires it at them. Self defense all day long. You're just a piece of trash 13 year old race baiting asshole. Also guess cops shouldn't mind if a guy pulls a 9mm on them, the chances of that hitting them anywhere but the vest are "abyssal". Its abysmal by the way.
Tasers are lethal weapons. Its like saying "A 9mm isn't a lethal weapon if you only consider people shot in the hand." Its not as likely to kill you as a 9mm but it can kill you. It is called LESS LETHAL.
/u/whywontyoufuckoff is a piece of trash.
You don't have the right to shoot a cop for aiming a taser. I would fully support your right to shoot a non LEO who is aiming a taser at you (given you are defending yourself and not instigating). Tasers aren't non lethal, they are absolutely lethal force and should be respected as such. I expect cops to react to a taser just the same as if it was a gun. The fact they didn't until he fired on them was extreme restraint on their part. If the guy had stolen a service pistol and turned and shot a round at the cops and kept running I would expect them to shoot him just the same.
Last time I checked a vest doesn't cover your entire body. Worst case is he tases one of them and kills that cop because tasers aren't non lethal, they are fully capable of killing someone.
He turned and fired a deadly weapon. If it was a 9mm and he turned and shot do you think it would be okay then?
I guess DUI's shouldn't be arrestable offences anymore because "They're drunk and weren't in a capable mental state". Sorry, you are responsible for yourself even when you are drunk. Laws don't change because you intoxicated yourself.
I would have shot that guy. That cop was insane not to. He was clearly a danger to the public and could have killed any of those people watching it go down.
No, he shot at them, they shot back.
What... He has a duty to get the fuck out of the situation if he can and then call the cops to arrest the asshole. What do you think happens if you keep antagonizing a person who has already assaulted you. Nothing that guy did after he got assaulted made the situation any better for him and just risked everyone around him. He turned from the victim to an equal party. Also that rape BS is a false equivalency.
If I walked up on someone and shot them with a taser I honestly don't know what charge I would expect. Assault with a deadly would likely be one. He ran away, and turned and shot. The second he turned to shoot he forfeit his life.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taser_safety_issues#Chronology Tasers are lethals, they are classified the same as bean bag rounds and rubber bullets, we have seen what those things can do these past weeks. Man had a deadly weapon, used it on a cop and continued to pose a threat to the community. He stopped fleeing when he turned and fired on the police. If he was carrying a gun and did the same thing, fired a round and then kept going would you still defend this dude? And just to be clear, I am no bootlicker. I hate cops, I swear to shoot one they day they come for any of my guns. I also know you give respect to someone who can fuck your life up. I know the rules when it comes to a police encounter and I know if I shoot at one I end up dead.
Keep calling people racists who haven't done anything racist. I am sure that's winning a lot of votes for your cause.
EVERYONE NEEDS TO GET OUT OF BAD SITUATIONS AND CALL THE FUCKING COPS. How hard is this concept for your tiny brain. Don't instigate shit get away, get them arrested and go back to your life. Yall just want mob justice to rain down everywhere?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taser_safety_issues#Chronology LMAO THIS DUDE JUST IMPLIED A TASER ISN'T LETHAL. That's like saying a baseball bat isn't lethal.
Yep, I don't agree with how passive cops are with tasers, they are dangerous and need to be treated as such. I wish they were used with more restraint. I do think they are better than a cop beating someone into submission. Its all a really weird situation with force levels.
No, Brooks fought the cops, he deserved the taser. He then stole a deadly weapon from the cops and deserved the bullets. 1. Physical confrontation 2. Taser 3. Gun These are the levels of force, try not to make it to level 3 of you aren't going to walk away. So now we need to have strength requirements for cops? Should we not let women be cops? Have you ever tried to wrestle a guy bigger than you that wanted to get away? Have you ever done it while the entire world is watching and you know if you take it too far you will be chastised for that?
We are biologically programmed to crave protein, how we get it our body doesn't care. The smell of fresh meat is appetizing to us. If I cooked fresh dead mouse you would probably come running asking whats for dinner. You're higher brain may think EWWW MOUSE but the lower brain would smell food. Either way, I am glad to know you are just keeping your gay away for the day. Side note, when you watch porn do you like the dudes to have little flacid penises or big thundering monster cocks?
Ehh, you haven't worked in a super conservative or super liberal place then. Lots of "Nazi" being thrown around these days. May be hyperbolic to say every day but it wouldn't be far off.
More of a xenophobe than a racist.
I am just tellin it like it is. I hate the nazi rhetoric but I hear it waay to often when people start feeling comfortable.
Doesn't mean you aren't going to lose your job for recording co-workers.
I have said it before, you can use the cops as guards for people to handle what should be non violent things. But at the end of the day you have to have someone with a big stick. If this man ran off with the cops taser and killed someone with it or just straight killed someone, everyone would be up in arms about it. The cops have to remain armed and they have to serve their purpose. Too many people are violent with them. Yes millions of cops have perfectly safe stops with people. But they also have a chance at stopping a criminal and if that person wants to hurt them they have to be able to return that force. Cops must be allowed a grey area. You can pick apart a video from the comfort of your home but in the moment they have to make a decision and that can be life or death.
Watch the video... He turned and fired and turned back to keep running. https://www.criminaldefenselawyer.com/resources/stun-gun-laws-georgia.htm Tasers are classified as deadly weapons in Georgia. Your just an angry little person who thinks the world is nothing but racists. Grow up.
Nope, because I am smart. Cowards escape from situations because of fear. I would gtfo because only idiots fight crazy people.
&gt; Hanged Fair, though I hope I never need to type that word again.
Got a source, This was sent through a friend of a friend so if it isn't news I will remove it.
- posted from my iPhone
- posted from my new iPhone Excess
Shes gonna be real happy tonight after he lays a smack down in Mario cart.
Just cure the disease 4head
The militia guys detained the suspect, protected him from further mob justice and removed his firearm. These were good guys with guns.
If he had attacked her further then yes. You must fear for your life to shoot. Him throwing her didn't meet that in my mind but if he had continued the attack she would absolutely be in her rights.
"It was a peaceful protest that was going on at the statue, they were about to pull down the statue." One of these things is not like the other one.
So you are pro mob justice?
"Gave cover to an attempted murderer" If they hadn't, he would have either shot more people or been beaten by the crowd. The only way to feel conflicted by this is by wanting the mob justice.
Well 1 she didn't know he was armed and 2 he fled the scene immediately. Both of those would not provoke a fear for your life situation.
I didn't see that from any of the videos I watched. The only thing I saw was they detained him, took his gun and kept the mob from attacking him further.
I didn't see him open carry anything. I assumed he was concealed carrying. He definitely wasn't brandishing.
Call cops, risk the guy getting killed. Talk to the guy and maybe resolve it without the police. I dunno what the right answer here is. We need people to be proactive in their communities trying to stop crime. We also need people to be able to have a civil conversation with someone. Neither side had a civil conversation.
I saw a woman assaulting him purposefully and then he assaulted her. He has as much right to be there as she does. Neither are in the right the way they handled this.
Spray chalk looks like spray paint. No, but it also wouldn't look sketchy if it was a black kid drawing hopscotch. This was a person painting a phrase that has been tagged across the country on buildings. He had a very defensive tone, same tone you see people take with almost all karens. She isn't entitled to any response but she does have the right to ask him whatever she wants from a public sidewalk. She even has the right to call the cops if she wants to. I would hope she would have walked away, I don't know. I am pretty sure the whole "I know the owner" thing was used as a scare tactic if the guy was actually breaking the law. Dumb thing to say but people appeal to authority all the time. Everyone just want to make this so fucking serious. The whole thing is a mountain out of a mole hill.
They didn't. He was defensive and she was a cunt.
Word to the wise, don't record yourself abusing people who you didn't record abusing you. Now this woman has video evidence of your verbal assault and you have your word.
He didn't get her attacking him on camera, so when he just straight lays into her there is no context other than what he says.
The change my minds are about having a discussion. You put out your side and he puts out his. Its about the debate. He says many times his goal isn't to have his mind changed but to have people clarify their positions and sharpen their arguments.
I think the shooting was self defense, the mob mentality out there is insane. The attack on the woman isn't and he will likely see charges for that.
They didn't shoot anyone. Let me give you a hint. Not all people in the world who own guns are buddies.
Shooting rubber bullets that can kill because someone threw a water bottle at your heavily armored self is a bit of an over reaction IMHO.
No one getting shot should give you joy. Might wanna get that checked out.
I FUCKING LOVE opioids. If they became legal I would have a hard time with life. They are literally happiness in a pill. I used to get them from a doctor but now I am clean and the only thing that really keeps me from them is that I refuse to buy them on the street. Some things are just too dangerous. Now that isn't to say that they shouldn't be decriminalized but definitely not legal.
Domestic Terrorist? Are you kidding, they are fucking kids who are fighting for what they think is right. That kid has parents at home. Yeah they are caught up in some mob mentality but they are fucking humans and fucking Americans. We don't find joy in the killing of our own.
All of them? 2 people are still in critical condition in Austin because they got shot in the head.
Jesus Christ, that's sickness man. These are people. I will kill a man coming into my home but I will never feel joy about it. If you find joy in the harm of other or their killing you seriously need help.
Its a Spanish conquistador in NM. These guys just saw this guy really hurt a woman. If you think being mad about that isn't justified you aren't a man. They are misdirected but they don't deserve some asshole feeling happy they are dead or seriously hurt. Human life is sacred.
You're the problem in this country. I don't support a lot of their views but I don't want them harmed. Violence begets violence and we will all burn in the end if we don't stop it. Takes a bigger man to not throw the 2nd punch.
I never said different, I just said we shouldn't find joy in harming others. Literally that is a symptom of being a psychopath.
AND NO MATTER THE RESULT YOU DON'T FIND JOY IN IT. How fucking sick in the head are some of yall. You defend yourself because you have to but you hate doing it, people who find joy in killing are psychopaths.
You don't sound very American.
I think you would fit in better in North Korea, crushing the mob with force... pure mental illness.
It can be, you don’t have the right to corner and intimidate someone.
It’s in another video, there’s like 10 different ones for this incident. Blue shirt rag dolls a woman.
It’s corner in the figurative sense. Look, you wanna do this and get a ride, have at it I’m just trying to protect someone from getting a charge for harassing some old white woman when there isn’t any proof she did anything wrong.
You're gunna get graped. context:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaXprBz2x-8
That cop is trash then if you are American. We have a right to guns and the fact you HAD one isn't a reason to shoot.
He said "Thats some damage"... It did literally 0 damage to a sheet glass window which breaks if you look at it wrong. I have absolutely willingly got shot by paintballs...
I hope she has better common sense than you.
Social workers should respond to "5 teenagers with a gun" calls?
Yall enjoying this circle jerk?
Actually you're right. BB guns aren't required to have them as they are actually dangerous weapons and don't fall into the "toy gun" laws.
https://www.airgundepot.com/bb-guns.html
https://www.airgundepot.com/bb-guns.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toy_gun#Laws
There are guns for kids too. https://www.gunbacker.com/5-best-rifles-for-kids/ Doesn't mean they aren't dangerous weapons.
Don't know... I haven't punched a window. I would give it a strong maybe?
I like my windows, I paid a lot of money for them. I would rather not.
Also, did you miss me chastising a bunch of cunts on /r/conservative for finding "joy" in the NM shooter hurting a protester?
I absolutely don't disagree. Better training, better mental evals.
You're adding more than what I said. I simply said it didn't damage the window. I definitely think that hitting an eye could do some serious damage.
I will admit, I originally thought this was a window in an apartment and not a skywalk. I agree, probably some pretty tough glass but definitely far from bullet proof. I would expect a rubber bullet would at a minimum crack it.
I don't disagree :).
You aren't wrong. There is no fixing it. Who's "Facts" are real or not can't be determined 100% of the time and so you can't police the internet. Facebook can do things though. If they got rid of private groups and private profiles then I think things would calm down a lot. You would break the echo chambers.
We can't enforce it without violating some rights. It really comes down to people being human or wanting money. The only way for this change to be forced is everyone to leave the platform and say why.
It was always like this, but it has been very live and let live. Now everyone is in everyone's face about everything and you see the hatred come out.
What, never. /r/iamverbadass *flexes*
Would a racist actually say all lives matter? Wouldn't they think black lives don't matter?
I didn't miss the point, I understand the point. I am talking about marketing though. BLM sounds exclusionary. It isn't but it sounds that way.
Neither are jokes... both corrupt our system and threaten the people’s ability to hold their government accountable.
Right but you get the idea. All lives matter includes BLM, if you're a racist who doesn't think black lives matter... then why would you ever say ALM...
I think you don't understand the meaning of the word All, It doesn't give the focus that BLM gives but it definitely includes BLM. So why would a racist say that anyone of different race matters? It just seems counter intuitive to the idea of racism. I personally think ALM came from the fact that BLM isn't a very clear chant and other races felt excluded from the movement. I think BLM is an awful name from a marketing standpoint.
As it should be. Dude chunked that woman like a rag doll. She should have some minor charges as well.
Look, just because something works in your head doesn't mean it works for everyone. BLM just fails to be a great slogan for uniting people behind. I am not saying I don't support the idea of the movement or that I don't think black lives matter. Just that the phrase they latched onto makes for a confusing and sometimes upsetting message to people of other races that then have to have it explained to them before they understand. Half the battle for BLM is explaining what BLM means. That is the definition of bad marketing.
You're not wrong :p
They are private companies, they can do what they want. Don't use them if you don't want to live under their TOS. Same goes for any "platform" where you get to post things.
They can absolutely publicly declare they are neutral and censor whatever they want. Lying isn't illegal, bias isn't illegal. They can claim protection under that because that is the law. They are allowed to curate any post on their sites and are not liable under current law. If you change that law then these companies just go away because no company will allow you to go 4chan when they get paid by advertisers.
I said they both assaulted each other. Maybe they can both walk with mutual combat or whatever.
What kind of people are we that this gets upvoted? I believe in capitalism which means a corporation can, within the law, do what they want to do. You have no right to their platform and they can remove whatever they don't want from their platform. Unless congress changes the law this is how it is. Your option is to stop patronizing any of these companies. You also have the option to start a competing company. This sorta thing sounds like what the alt-left wants more than what conservatives should want.
Trash overflowing is on the company.
What rules? They can do whatever they want. They can delete any video that has a white person in it and that is their business. Your options are not to use their service or accept their rules. As many of our fathers said. “My house my rules.”
Subject to their interpretation and change at any time. Stop grasping for straws and accept they can literally do whatever they want, whenever they want.
What right are you fighting for? Do I have the right to put my political stickers on your car? Do I have the right to draw my gender beliefs on your house? Why would you think you have the right to post your beliefs on someone else’s website?
What ever gave you that idea? That’s a company, they never said it was an open form and even if they did they can change their mind at any time because you know, company. Freedom cuts both ways. Suck it up.
Ambulances don’t go in until the scene is safe.
I do, at least in the context of the internet. for US laws its pretty god damn readable. I have also included a bit of an excerpt from another comment I made on this. &gt; Section 230c of the Communications Decency Act covers this. They are allowed to curate anything they don't want on their platform. Unless congress wants to change that, they can remove anything they want from their site and not be liable for it. If congress does change that then Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Reddit and probably a lot of other free services we use will go down. &gt; &gt; (c)Protection for “Good Samaritan” blocking and screening of offensive material &gt; &gt; (1)Treatment of publisher or speaker &gt; No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider. &gt; &gt; (2)Civil liability &gt; No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of— &gt; * (A)any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected; or &gt; * (B)any action taken to enable or make available to information content providers or others the technical means to restrict access to material described in paragraph (1).[1]
Great points all around!
Wow, my message of togetherness and you somehow pull something about racism out of it? Get some damn help. If you look for racism in everything all you will see if racism.
These days I think it may be better someone pulls a gun on you than records you. Living something down that goes viral can take a looooong time.
This isn't correct, cops have to have complete trust that when they say something their partner will react. The issue is the force used. They should be coming at these situations with tactics not force. If they had detained this guy normally instead of a fucking body slam and then sorted everything out then there wouldn't even be a problem.
No this dude was seriously injured for no reason because of an insane cop that thought a bear hug body slam was appropriate force for a compliant civilian.
No they won’t, 10 million people have had this thing confirmed. We (everyone) slowed it down. Brazil will show us what unchecked spread looks like. Luckily we did have time to find a few drugs that make this not as much of a death sentence for the elderly. It’s going to be around for a long time.
The real joke here is that the Netherlands thinks we are going to make it that far.
Masks increase null space in your breathing tract. People have to adapt to them. They have to breath deeper and exhale more. If you try to breath normally in a mask you can definitely feel like you are out of breath even with mild activity if you don't take deeper breaths.
If google tears a book, I would expect them to pay for it.
2 pins to break down the upper from the lower, pull the charge handle and the BCG drops out. Soak BCG with CLP, lube the trigger group and run a brush down the barrel. If you need to take apart the BCG you pull 2 pins and the thing falls apart.
Just an enthusiast, I don't much like killing anything. Good skills to have and a fun hobby.
That is the dumbest line, for the love of god stop repeating it. Few people think they are going to be billionaires. Plenty of people fear the government and how poorly they run everything else. They also don’t like the idea of paying for something being enshrined even further into law. The out of luck billionaire line is a dead trope that just makes you look like an idiot who attempts to mock people with legitimate concerns.
