Hahaha aw man, you need to get a life.
I think it would have been better if Snoke was just Snoke. Not a clone or someone grown in a vat, but their own person. Palpatine could have just been manipulating Snoke as he'd manipulated Kylo Ren and others. Having Snoke be someone desperate for power who lacked the wisdom to see he was being led on his path by Palpatine would have been a good twist. It could have been done simply by having Palpatine being the one giving Snoke various visions and whatnot. Simple. I don't know why we needed a clone Snoke that simply invalidated the character completely.
Have it so it can only be activated with the Force. Maybe even forcing the user to use the Dark Side in order to get it to reveal its secrets.
I was surprised when I saw the quote about Star Wars being all about 'House Skywalker vs House Palpatine' when that's just not the case at all.
Yeah, what you said.
As if all of a sudden there is this new source who seems to have a lot of info and many different sides of production, but they were completely silent for the past two years.
I really don't think this is an either/or situation. Sure, there was a deadline. But JJ is the one who decided to include a bloated story with too much crammed into the first half of the movie. The script could have been trimmed down massively and they wouldn't have had such a crazy production. They may be complaining that they had three months less to complete TROS than they did for TFA, but even on TFA they were editing stuff right up until the last possible moment. The Last Jedi, in contrast, was in the can months before release. So sure, Disney was immovable with its release date, but JJ and co were also responsible for the finished product.
TFA is paced a lot like A New Hope is. If you watch the first Star Wars, it really goes at a hell of a pace as the heroes go from one life-threatening situation to the next. But it has moments of quiet to let us take everything in. TROS didn't really have any of that and lurched from one set-piece to the next. I do enjoy the film as a stand-alone, fun action film. It just isn't really a great way to wrap up this trilogy.
The inclusion of Phasma has nothing to do with the tone of the movie though. I'm also not sure what you mean by 'the Rose scene'. How are the ideas brought up in Canto Bight (there is a dark side to the opulence, Finn learning about the bigger picture and having to decide whether to continue on his own or fight for something bigger) at odds with the rest of the film?
I expected some more Luke, too. I think his scene with Rey was fine, but what about 'See ya 'round, Kid!' from TLJ?
Sorry dude. I don't want to be one of those people on Reddit whose only answer to any relationship issue 'GET OUT!' but in this situation it looks like you've been stitched up. She is viewing your relationship as being transactional. If you want to get married, you have to give her something. If you want a family, you have to give her something. That is not how a healthy relationship works. It sounds like she's not interested in having you guys work together as equals. Also, if she thinks she needs to keep her money because you could 'easily cheat' then she doesn't trust you and she is basing her action on the idea that you can or will be unfaithful to her, and that is a MAJOR red flag. Giving birth is not a sacrifice she is making that she needs to be rewarded for, either. Either it's something that she (and you both together) want, or it isn't. It's not a give-and-take scenario. She is earning more than you and is still expecting you to pay for her. Come on man, don't be a doormat and don't convince yourself this behaviour is normal or acceptable. She is using you and as much as it hurts, you need to confront her about it. Either you guys are equals in the relationship and you are doing things together, or you have no future. It's as simple as that. I won't go into speculative territory, but the fact you gys are long distance is also a bit fo a red flag here.
And that's the point I'm disagreeing with. I don't think TFA and TLJ end in the same place any more than Star Wars and Empire Strikes Back do.
&gt;The dagger and the wayfinder were the stories And that's my issue. It didn't go anywhere. There was all this stuff left over from the previous films and it all got thrown out in favour of a simple 'go and get the thing' device for nearly half of the movie. &gt; Someone was trying to do a quest narrative like classic Star Wars. Which part of classic Star Wars are you referring to? I don't recall much 'Find the X so we can get the Y' stuff in classic Star Wars.
Ehhhhhh, not sure I'd agree with classifying people from the Maghreb and Egypt as 'white' any more than I would say that Saudi Arabia is full of white people. People from Mali, Chad, Niger, Sudan are generally certainly possessed of dark complexions, too. The Northern coast tends to have people with lighter skin because those people settled from the Middle East and Southern Europe. It's not that people developed there with a lighter skin tone whilst people in the Saharan and sub-Saharan regions developed with darker skin. If you go to the coast of Tanzania or Kenya, you will also find people with lighter skin because of the Arabic influence. As for South Africa, Zimbabwe and Namibia, sure there are white people from there, but I wouldn't go as far as to say they are 'natives' any more than I would call a white person from Californian a 'native'. People definitely shouldn't simply equate 'African' with 'black person' though, you're right.
Whoever wrote that headline seems to have completely forgotten who Donald Trump is. He's not haunted by shit. He was buddies with a convicted pedophile and has likely fucked kids himself and he doesn't give a shit about that, so some Tweets of him throwing shade at Obama don't mean a thing.
Pretty sure we won't. It'll be on to the next thing now.
I've tried and tried and tried and triiiiiied and I've got nowhere. Such a disappointment. The Restorec Content mod is great in some parts but the droid planet is a real slog. It's just so big that you spend all of your time running down loooooooooooooooong avenues with nothing but drab walls to look at.
I'm not sure it is much of a win-win. Will a version of TROS with a couple of extra or extended scenes draw more customers to Disney+? I'd doubt it. So it wouldn't really be worth spending a lot of money on an extended edition that wouldn't really generate any revenue. It would also look very much like an admission that they fucked up with TROS, which wouldn't be great either. George Lucas could \[kinda\] get away with the Special Editions because he had the whole idea that advances in technology allowed him to do things he'd always wanted but couldn't. An extended TROS looks more like an admission they got things wrong. I don't see any wins, to be honest.
"Do you have any idea how many electric shocks my husband could get working in that server room in North Dakota!?!? I deserve free wine!!!"
I agree. TLJ pushed into new territory, TROS scrambled back to familiar ground.
Racism bothers me. Like your shit just here. The only person who is triggered is you, quite obviously. You simply cannot fathom the character because of her race and that's very sad indeed. There are people you can reach out to to help you work on your prejudices.
Luke mourning Han on Ach-To and Rey's third lesson, for example.
If you can just pick and choose bits of the Bible to believe, then why give weight to any of it at all?
All of this. These sort of retcons have never worked for me, and this will be another thing that sort of falls by the wayside when I watch the originals. I'll still watch ROTJ as I have for 30 years, with no Chosen One/Prophecy stuff or Palpatine trying to transplant his soul into Luke.
Plus on Hoth they used the larger troop transports. The U-Wings seem much more suited to in-and-out raids rather than moving troops en-masse.
It seems that the only thing they learned from the Kashoggi assassination is that it's a lot easier to do if you lure your target in first.
But Solo was easily the worst of the new films. It was a very generic movie and I don't think that's what Lucasfilm should be going for at all. The general audience agrees, it seems.
Yeah. And besides, the whole thing of 'Young XXX' characters just sort of sucks and Han Solo never ever needed an explanation. His introduction in Star Wars is absolutely perfect and no extra depth (i.e. he had a girlfriend) is needed. We meet him in a bar as a cocky pilot who likes to brag and then he murders someone who is after him because he ditched a load of space-drugs that belonged to a gangster. Done. We know who he is. Thanks. How he got his blaster or surname or any of that stuff just adds nothing to the character other than some info for the Wookiepedia page.
&gt;It's not a failure but considering Disney wasn't happy with TLJ BO and bent over backwards to "course correct"... they're probably not exactly ecstatic about TRos What's your source for saying that the TLJ box office was a disappointment to Disney?
Well, on Reddit, it's basically just whatever figure people want to pull out of their ass and say 'This is what a Star Wars movie **should** make' based on very little knowledge or experience. If a Marvel film makes more money, then the Star Wars film needs to go one further because it's Star Wars and therefore should always make the most money ever. The fact that only one movie out of the last 8 has done this doesn't seem to matter.
That's fundamentalism for you. You have your belief and are unwilling to change it in any way. Thereofre, any evidence which challenges your belief must be dismissed and denied.
&gt; The fact that stormtroopers are kidnapped and brainwashed children didn't really have a deeper meaning, for example. And what about the Sith Troopers? Where did they come from? Were they kidnapped children too? Or are they there by choice? And if so, where did they come from and why does the First Order need to steal kids, but not the Final Order? &gt; Or the Force dyad. It had so much potential and in the end was just used to rejuvenate Palpatine for 3 minutes before he was a goner. Where did the information about the Dyad come from? Kylo must have learned about it on his own somehow because it seems to surprise Palpatine.... which is a little surprising itself if Palpatine was behind Snoke this whole time and knew of Kylo and Rey's bond. &gt; Hux was discarded just to be replaced with older Hux, rather than make more of the rivalry that the previous two movies built up. Such a strange choice, eh? Hux seemed like a fanatical zealot who was all about the First Order to the point where he was happy to murder billions of people to achieve the FO's goals. He had his rivalry with Kylo Ren, but how on Earth did that simply translate to Hux being prepared to sell out the First Order and everything he believed in just to put a finger in the eye of Kylo Ren? There was an interesting story to be told there and in the end it was dealt with in an extremely ham-fisted manner. &gt; I'll forever keep wondering what Rian Johnson could have done with it. 😔 I imagine he would have made a film with a bit more heart, at least.
&gt;Yes some random person put the map to where Luke is, when only Luke knew. Nope. Lor San Tekka, a friend of Luke's and member of the Church of the Force found a fragment of that map which led to Ach-To, where Luke was believed to have gone. That's not the same as Luke leaving a map behind in case anyone needed him. He also didn't put the map to Ach-To in R2-D2, so you're also wrong about that. You just seem to have misunderstood the story. Which would be fine if you didn't then spend so many wasted words sarcasticly trying to dump on me whilst only making yourself look silly. You seem to be getting far too worked up over this, too, which I don't really understand. Some people can't handle being wrong, I suppose.
Very true. I was going to mention that too but thought I'd just end up with someone arguing that Obi Wan's robes were left behind and I was an idiot who knew nothing about Star Wars for bringing that up!
This is a textbooks example of a comment that adds nothing and goes nowhere. Why anyone would want to engage with you after being spoken to like that is beyond me. I'm sure you have some perfectly valid opinions but expressing them like that won't get you far.
Can we not just leave the Lars Homestead alone now? I know that Luke grew up there, but I don't see the need to keep returning there at every available opportunity.
I would wager that these Muslims are, in fact, English people. I would also wager that closing faith schools would not eresult in violence.
Fucking hell, this is one of the stupidest comments I've seen on here in quite some time. "A small \[percentage of the population\] yet all the rape gangs". I bet you use Facebook as your primary news source, don't you? According to the [official figures](https://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/SN04334/SN04334.pdf), 16% of the prison population are Muslim. A report by the Chief Inspector of Prisons in 2010 found that 30 percent of Muslims in prison converted whilst inside. One of the reasons for this, given by the Prison Officer's Association in 2015, is that Muslims in prison get 'perks' such as more time out of their cells for prayer and Halal food which is considered better than standard prison food.
That's what I'm going with at the moment. The other option (that he was a Palpatine creation from the start) just raises too many questions and seems too over-the-top. It also completely robs the character of Snoke of any interesting story whatsoever. He becomes nothing more than an empty shell and a puppet whose master is never alluded to. At least if he had been killed by Palpatine at some point and replaced with a clone who perhaps even thought he was Snoke then we have something to work with. Snoke as someone who *thinks* he is going to conquer the Galaxy but who is actually just a pawn in Palpatine's game is pretty fun, actually. It makes his arrogance seem even more foolhardy but doesn't rob him of any sincerity. He loves the fact that his plan is coming together but it's been doomed from the very start (or whenever).
Maybe that's something The Mandalorian and Baby Yoda will come across in season 2. I could imagine that people like Mas Amedda, Sate Pestage, Sly Moore, the guys attending to Vader in Rogue One and maybe even the Royal Guard can be ret-conned as being part of this Sith loyalist movement.
No, but if they go to live in Canada, they'll end up with a lower profile than they would if they were in the UK. They'll still have to deal with shite, but it won't be anywhere near the scale it is in Britain.
This is JJ Abrams' doing, not Bob Iger's.
I was sitting outside a bar in Africa having a shitty day and drinking some vodka. As I was grumbling away, a friend of mine came through the car park with the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. 6 foot of pure Greek goddess. As they were leaving, I asked if I could join them so I could keep talking to her. We had an amazing three days before she flew home. Now we're married.
It was all there and ready to go after The Last Jedi. Kylo Ren is the Supreme Leader now, but Hux wants the position for himself. Kylo Ren also has this preoccupation with Rey and his past, which leads him to take his eye off the ball when it comes to the First Order. With him getting his redemption, it would have been so much better to see him fight against the First Order and Supreme Leader Hux. I really think The Rise of Skywalker would have been a much better film had the story just carried on from the last two movies rather than doing a 90 degree turn by throwing in Palpatine.
Rey and Kylo could have duelled as they did in TROS and after getting injured, Hux leaves him for dead and assumes control of the First Order and heads off to do something bad which redeemed Ben Solo, Rey and The Resistance have to prevent. There was just no need to bring Palpatine back...
I think that after splitting them apart to allow them each to develop, Rian Johnson would have brought Finn and Poe back together and given them some great dialogue.
He didn't even attempt to get on a moral high-horse or anything. If I were falsely accused of something like this, my response may go something like this: "Please let me begin by saying that rape is a most serious and abhorrent crime. It affects thousands of people - mainly women - annually and our justice system must work harder to ensure that the perputrators of this awful violation are brought to justice. We must not allow crimes which degrade people and rob them of their dignity and humanity to go unpunished. My fellow Americans, I assure that these allegations against me are completely unfounded, baseless and vindictive in nature. But you need not only take my word for it. As the leader of this proud and just nation, I will allow our justice system to run its course and I am completely confident that justice will prevail and I will be cleared of all of the allegations levelled at me. This is possibly the most serious crime a person could be accused of and we must not allow those false-allegations to deter real victims from coming forward. We must not allow false-allegations to bias our legal system against victims. We must allow and indeed, invite such allegations to be brought forward and analysed by our legal system so that justice can prevail. And in this case, I am confident it will and that I will be totally exhonerated. Until then, I will have no further comment on the issue. Thank you." That was just a completely off-the-cuff response. Even so, I think it's probably a bit better than, "I wouldn't rape her, she's not my type".
You don't have to be left wing to see Trump is an idiot. That's not a left/right issue at all. Donald Trump caused this whole crisis. He was the one who pulled out of the nuclear deal. He was the one who ordered the assasination of Sulemani. If he hadn't ordered the unecessary and illegal assasination, that airliner would not have been shot down. This whole tragedy comes down to one idiot trying to look strong and getting a load of innocent people killed as a result. Of course that doesn't absolve Iran of any blame because it was one of theirs who shot the plane down (by accident, it seems), but the person who started all of this and then escelated it is Donald Trump.
I don't think you're imagining anything. You're just being wilfully ignorant.
Well, whether or not you think it's normal (I thik Trump definitely seems as though he's on something), I was just surprised that even thouigh this post is about the speech, it wasn't linked at the top or even in the article!
Yeah, I don't think the video points to him being deathly ill or anything. I wouldn't say he's 'speaking fine' in the video because he sounds like he either has a very heavy cold or he's sedated with something. Yes, it's a different kind of speech to the ones he usually gives but he does seem particularly subdued and groggy in this one, I think. Again, nothing that screams "WE NEED ANSWERS!" or whatever. Either way, I just thought it was weird that in a post and article about a specific speech, the actual speech was buried and wasn't even included in the article.
And in classic Donald Trump fashion, he failed miserably and made himself look like an utter fool in the proccess.
I love that documentary. The part where Spielberg shows up an both he and Lucas take turns in saying "It's gonna be great" is hilarious. The part where they do the test screening and you see the look on Ben Burt's face was a stand-out too. But it's a really great look at all the INCREDIBLE work which went into making that movie. The production design, the costumes, the stunts, sets and the effects are all fantastic and are the highlights of that film for me.
It's so pointless though because Rey goes from a staff to a sword, not a flail to a sword. No analogy is needed whatsoever, especially not a silly one.
That's great but nobody cares apart from people actively trying to find things to complain about.
Well, I'd say the bitching has just reached a ridiculous level now. People holding onto their anger about a friggin TV show having a disappointing ending is just ridiculous. Move on and get a life. People act as though the fact that they are passionate about a show or a movie means that they are owed something, when they're not. They probably should be more appreciative too. Because the people they're throwing so much vitriol at for 'ruining everything' are the same people who gave them the show they love so much in the first place. They're no more justified in going after D&amp;D than disgruntled Star Wars fans were in going after George Lucas after the Prequels.
One of my least favourite takes is this idea that "they had time for drinking space milk but not for \[insert plot point here" as if Rian Johnson was sitting there like "well, it's either this 5 second shot of Luke drinking milk or The Knights of Ren.....". Come on, guys.
It's still early days though. I think the biggest thing holding the new EU back has been the sequel trilogy and the need to interfere with them as little as possible. Now the ST is done, the door is open to more interesting and revealing stories. Look at the current Kylo Ren comic series, for example. Legends did have some great stories and it's a shame that the backstories for characters who haven't been touched in the new canon have had their backstories 'erased'. However, the enjoyment of those stories is to be found in reading them, not in the fact that they contribute to Wookiepedia articles, in my opinion at least.
&gt;unless every female character in a leadership role in Star Wars is also a token character. Sadly, this is how they are viewed by some people. Any non-white, non-male character is clearly only included in order to satisfy some agenda. Of course, '*if they were good characters* it wouldn't be a problem at all. Because as we all know, if you're a non-white or non-male character, you have to justify your existence, whereas a straight white guy never has to and can be a bad character all day long without being labelled as existing only to pander to some group or other.
Some people do think that skin colour infers something about a person's character. They're wrong, as are you.
For some reason I seem to have missed the second half of your comment. I was referring specifically to TLJ not throwing anything away from TFA, btu instead developing those ideas in interesting and unexpected ways. The Rise of Skywalker, however, completely discards huge chunks of the story in favour of introducing something completely new. In the first five minutes of TROS, Snoke doesn't matter any morem, the First Order is redundant and it's clear that there's going to be more to Rey's parentage.
Hmmmm.... follow up from improtant story and character threads from the last movie or spend an hour looking for an extremely convoluted and nonsensical MacGuffin? The decision to go with the second option hamstrung the film completely.
They are films with fantastic production design. Doug Chiang deserves a lot of praise for how the look of those films came together.
If Kijimi is anything like Jabbas sail barge from the old EU then he'll be fine because every single character apparently survives!
Is that why the last movie that came out featured **Luke**, **Leia,** **Han, Lando** and **Chewie** and featured a sotryline centered around the return of **Emperor Palpatine**?
I can understanding wanting some KOR in TLJ, but I wouldn't go as far as to call them a plot point. They're only mentioned and shown briefly in the force-back and there's nothing to suggest they're anything more than Kylo's backup, so I don't think they were set up to have much plot significance and I appreciate Rian Johnson not using them as fodder in the throne room. Sure, there's plenty of *potential* for stories with a gang of bad guys, but nothing was really set up in TFA. It's certainly nothing like the threads which got tossed out at the beginning of TROS.
I saw it twice. I preferred it the second time around, but realised I had to watch it as a stand-alone rather than as the third film of a trilogy.
I tend to agree. The Phantom Menace seems like the most earnest film and it's the most fun. AOTC has had enough said about it and ROTS, whilst a valiant effort, feels way too melodramatic and suffers from trying to squeeze too much in.
Because they're Kylo's gang of thugs. You may as well ask why we see the Royal Guard in ROTJ if they don't do anything. Not every character needs to be essential. Not every cool costume has to be a central character.
Ah, *those* 'leaks'. Yeah, they really do come across as nothing more than fantasy designed to whip up salty fans into hating Disney and getting a 'Release the JJ Cut' campaign going. Some people really just feed off negativity, don't they? The idea that all the force ghosts were filmed but cut sounds very fake indeed. If the scene was too much then you just remove it for China and leave it in for everyone else. There are China-only edits of other Dinsey-released films (Iron Man 3, for example) so to act as if this was some line in the sand is silly and ignores history. That whole leak, as you say, just looks like it's geared towards making 'Disney' the enemy.
Who was it? A now-deleted YouTube video that appears to have information which was never repeated seems like a very fishy source! But yeah, the entire idea is just a bit too 'out there' and doesn't really make sense. People were confused enough when Darth Maul showed up at the end of Solo. There's no way in a million years that lore from a Saturday morning cartoon was going to be inserted like that.
Alec Guinness, always.
Since Lucasfilm made it clear that these would be brand new stories and that the old EU was no 'Legends' and no longer canon, I definitely didn't expect the sequels to be adaptatons.
Well yeah, we can infer that, but it's not in the movies at all so it's a bit head-canony for now. Your reply did make me wonder why Anakin didn't just quit the Jedi Order though.
I didn't say anyone should be demoted. And Yoda was already a Jedi Master by the time Dooku left the Order. Training a Padawan is one of things a Jedi is expected to do before being made a Master, so not promoting Anakin because his Padawan quit would make perfect sense.
For me, Star Wars will always be the original trilogy and everything else just comes secondary. It's great having all of these new stories, but no matter what they say, they'll never change the originals for me. I'll never see OT Vader as Hayden's Anakin and the Chosen One. Midichlorians don't get a look in and I doubt that I'll ever watch ROTJ and think that the Emperor has been getting it on.
I see where you're coming from. *Surfs away on ice tsunami
I seem to remember seeing behind the scenes stiff where the model makers and animators were calling them 'chicken walkers' and maybe Ben Burt too. So I think it was a nickname they always had. I imagine they were probably referred to as 'chicken walkers' in some magazines or books too.
Dave Filoni has made some of the stupidest stuff in Star Wars. If people can overlook stuff like Mortis and the World Between Worlds then they should be able to handle TLJ.
Oh dear. You're not very good at talking to people, are you? The critics overwhelmingly praised The Last Jedi, so perhaps it's just that you're on the wrong side of the argument and that's got you all riled up.
How is it more brave to do something which has been the status quo before and is the status quo today?
And some people see reflections of everyday people and their lives in cinema as grandstanding and pandering to agendas.
If you see more people condemning bigotry than spreading bigotry on this sub, then that's a good thing. Your entire 'discussion' is nonsense, and that's the point. You're inventing narratives about China and diversity. You appear to have missed the point completely. Your last sentence is a joke.
Whilst it's not the best, it's nowhere near the worst thing in any Star Wars movie. That's laughable when the droid factory sequence in AOTC exists.
You're living in a fantasy world. Let go of your hate for a movie. Your bias is deafening.
You literally just complained about it. Oh dear.
ESH This comes across as a lot of self-obsessed drama.
YTA. This is classic mansplaining. It's something that really, reeeeeally doesn't need clarifying and by 35, you should know that. But, there's no real harm here.
If it was a fact, it wouldn't be an issue. But it's an invented racist narrative designed to reduce the characters to nothing but their race/nationality. Nobody is accusing you of being racist or saying racist things.
&gt; if you’re not here to defend Disney what was your purpose? And there we have an illustration of your mindset. Disagreeing with you doesn't mean 'defending Disney' (whatever that means), it just means that I have a different opinion. I shouldn't need to remind you what you're talking about halfway through a conversation, though. None of my comments have been deleted, so I've no idea what you're talking about. This is all a bit strange and you're being far too defensive whilst baselessly attributing motivations to people who disagree with your half-baked opinions. Oh well.
The problem is that there's no evidence for what you're saying, yet you presented it as if China was the reason there was no confirmed relationship between Baze and Chirrut.
Yep. Amazing how so many of the more snarky criticisms are based on misunderstandings or misrepresentation of the film.
Nope. It's possible to enjoy it all, enjoy none of it or \*gasp\* just enjoy the stuff you like and don't bother with the stuff you don't. Do you realise, for example, how many Star Wars fans don't give even half a shit about the Clone Wars? Yes it's popular among the younger fans but if you think that the enthusiasm for the cartoons is as strong in fans in their mid 30's, 40's and 50's as it is with those in their twenties or teens then you'd be wrong. But what you don't see is those people never liked Clone Wars or Rebels campaigning to have them or the Prequels wiped from canon of to have them reclassified as 'alternate universe' stuff, because that would be lame.
Right up until someone points out it's a kids show and then we have to hear about how 'mature' it is because people die in it.
With 20-odd years of hindsight, I think I prefer The Phantom Menace more. I was very eager for the 'darker' Episode 3 and it definitely was that, but the film ended up being kind of a drag. It's so heavy and melodramatic and it's not very fun. The Obi Wan mission to get Grievous is boring and their fight/chase/fight thing gets a bit silly at times. The Phantom Menace is far from being a great film, but I prefer watching it as it's a bit lighter, looks gorgeous and doesn't quite take itself as seriously as Revenge of the Sith does. I definitely understand why many people prefer ROTS though. It's got a superior space battle, Anakin's fall, Anakin vs. Obi Wan, Yoda vs. Palpatine and the best Ian McDairmid performance of the trilogy. I just prefer TPM.
That's absolutely fantastic, well done! I particularly like the exit from hyperspace. Keep up the good work!
I've never heard that theory before, but there's no way it has any validity. For better or for worse and against all logic, Padme is deeply in love with and committed to Anakin. There's no way she'd cheat on him.
Good old Constable Zuvio. I bet people ar really happy they bought his action figure on Force Friday!
This plant is in my hometown and has been dying a slow death for years. I remember when they cut one of the three shifts they had running and I saw a TV advert in Spain where Opel were bragging about how eco-friendly they were because they cut emissions at the Ellesmere Port plant by a third. The likelihood of a magic trade deal which will guarantee a future for the plant looks slim and that doesn't bode well for a town that really doesn't need 1000 more unemployed people.
I completely agree with all of that.
There were some fantastic websites back in the day before Wookiepedia came along. The [Star Wars Technical Commentaries](http://www.theforce.net/swtc/index.html) are absolutely fantastic and are a great read even if some things may have been contradicted by new canon. There are some great books which I believe are called 'The Essential Guide to...'. There are three cornering vehicles, alien species and characters. They are good fun to flick through.
Haha. I can see it just chilling out counting its own rings over and over.
I'm not sure how you reached that conclusion. There was so much potential after TLJ and the story was left in a fascinating place. There may not have been as many 'events' as you would have liked, but to say that the story didn't go anywhere over those two movies just comes across as being disingenuous or perhaps you didn't enjoy the films and pay much attention to them.
&gt;The Jedi texts got described as "rubbish" by Yoda. "Oh, read them, have you? Page-turners they were not. Yes, yes, yes. Wisdom they held, but that library contained nothing that the girl Rey does not already possess". So they would serve her no purpose. Yoda isn't saying they're rubbish at all. He is chiding Luke for the fact that he didn't read all of them. An encyclopedia contains a tonne of knowledge, but I would't descibe the Encyclopedia Brittanica as a 'page turner'. Same with religious texts. Yoda also wasn't saying that the texts had no purpose. He was referencing the fact that Rey already had them. They weren't in the tree that Luke was going to burn down so therefore, the tree did not contain anything that Rey didn't already possess. &gt; The Last Jedi takes place mere hours after The Force Awakens. Meaning that the threat of the First Order was only "around" for a couple of hours. They destroyed Hosnian Prime and before that? Who knows! The threat of the First Order has clearly been around for a while, which is why they are mentioned as having risen from the ashes of the old Empire in the opening crawl of TFA. It's just that they only made their first move with the attack on the Hosnian System. What happened before The Force Awakens is not the second film's story to tell. Just like Empire Strikes Back didn't tell the story of what happened before A New Hope. You're not wrong for wanting to know more about the First Order, but 'where did the FO come from?' is not a story point that was there to be carried through. Nobody on screen ever asks anything about it, so it's not something which concerns the characters. &gt;F inn his character took a 180 at the START of TLJ. He tried to jump ship, almost abandoned his friends, just to search for Rey. That's not him doing a 180 at all. At the end of The Force Awakens, he has been struck down trying to save Rey from Kylo Ren and is rendered unconscious. He wakes up and is concerned only with Rey. Which makes sense. He lied to the Resistance about knowing how to shut down the shields on Starkiller Base just because wanted to find Rey. Finn wasn't a member of the Resistance at the end of TFA. He was just trying to rescue his friend. When he wakes up in TLJ that's still all he cares about, so he goes off to either find Rey or to take the tracking beacon (which I'll get back to in a moment) somewhere far away from the conflict so she'll be safe. &gt; Hello? Weren't his Resistance friends looking for her too? No they weren't. Leia gave Rey a binary tracking beacon and kept the other so that Rey could find her way back to the Resistance (hopefully with Luke) when the time came. It was this beacon that Finn took when he tried to leave. &gt; The greatest fault in the Last Jedi is Luke Skywalker. The guy who believed his (mass-murderer) father had good in him and could be turned. You mean to tell me that, this TLJ Skywalker, tried to kills his cousin because he had a bad dream? Nobody said Luke tried to kill Ben. He ignited his saber and then instantly came to his senses, but the damage had been done. You know it wasn't because of 'a bad dream' either. Luke just saw what was actually in Kylo's mind and evidently, that was so strong that it elicited an extreme response from Luke which he instantly regretted. I don't know why you can't just take the characters at their word rather than coming up with their own belittling interpretations. If you don't like it, just don't like it. Don't try and misrepresent it as something it's not. &gt; Poe Dameron .. the guy who was loyal as hell ... became a brat whenever he got an order. He followed Leia, helped the Resistance and made sure he took the "full force" of the First Order and in TLJ he (due to not listening) was responsible for many Resistance fighters deaths. Yeah, he followed Leia. And when Leia wasn't there and he was passed over for someone he didn't know or trust, he acted out. He's no less passionate about the cause, he's just not respecting chain of command and is trying to take charge. And yes, he was responsible for many deaths and he learned something about leadership as a result. &gt; For me (again, opinions) TLJ took most of TFA and turned 'em around. Like TROS did to TLJ. The way I see it TLJ may have turned around some plot points, but only in ways which developed the characters and moved things forward. I don't think it went back on anything, it just didn't give answers to some of the questions left over from TFA which peopl expected. I think that's different to what TROS did, which was to essentially reverse some of the character and plot developments of TLJ altogether. In the rush to get to the Emperor and Sith Fleet and everything, the First Order is essentially done with at the start of the film. In the last movie, Kylo Ren killed his own master and took control of the First Order himself. That was a big move. And what do we end up seeing of his reign in The Rise of Skywalker? A two-minute conference scene. And then the First Order becomes irrelevant. Then you have the rollback on Rey's parents, the fact that Luke's actions on Crait apparently weren't a spark of hope at all and nobody ever mentions him, Snoke not even being his own person any more, etc.
Mmmm no he didn't. He directed two episodes.
Release order. 4,5,6,1,2,3,7,8,9 That's the way they were made and the story unfolds naturally. Don't bother with these weird chopped up orders or ones that say you should watch 6 seasons of a cartoon just to make up for a dodgy film or two.
Well, if the follow up movie had actually followed up anything, the scene could have been a great hint of what was to come. As it turns out though, Luke's sacrifice was for nothing as nobody cared and the thing about the Galaxy rising up and being inspired by a message of hope all happened right at the end and entirely off-screen. Great payoff, JJ. Cheers.
The story then became focused on our two main characters: Supreme Leader Kylo Ren and first of the new Jedi, Rey. Sadly, TROS decided that focusing on the characters was lame and we should just get Palpatine back and do a retread.
Because at the lowest point, where good seems to have been defeated in the Galaxy, we see that hope is still out there.
I don't think there's any evidence to support what you're saying.
She had a great costume but was never going to be anything more than a cool henchman. You already had Kylo and Hux at the top of the First Order (and Snoke but he does nothing in TFA) so you have Phasma as the Bond-style henchman. And look at classic Bond henchmen: Oddjob, Jaws, Baron Samedi, Mayday, Xenia... they're all physically memorable characters who do some tough stuff but don't really get much story for themselves. And that's fine because their role is just to be intimidating badasses. That's Phasma's role and I think she does fine in it. I think we need to be careful when talking about 'potential' with characters because it usually ends up with the person making the complaint offering an alternative idea which puts said character in a much more important role when there may not necessarily be room for that in the story.
And he knew the prequels were coming for a long time yet never bothered with writing treatments for any of them. He wrote TPM and only then went about writing AOTC (and finishing it waaaaay too late).
Yes! What a terrible programme.
Whats crazy about that is that it's not as if it's hard to come up with!
Firstly, I don't think it's an uncommon opinion at all. It may not be the majority one on a website predominantly frequented by people who grew up the show as kids, but Star Wars has been around for over 40 years and if you think that the cartoons are as popular with people in their 30's, 40's, 50's and 60's as they are with people in their 20's, then you'd be mistaken. Secondly, I began my post with "*I think*" and then wrote "*In my opinion"* in the second sentence*.* I would have thought it was clear I'm not doing the 'opinion as fact' thing. What may be predictable for me might be surprising for you. We're all different.
&gt;*When was it printed?* Yeah, erm, don't we want our textbooks to be up to date?
Oh yeah, these right-wing YouTube Vox-Pop idiots-with-microphones LOVE to speak to students, eh? It's a lot easier to bait people who are young, passionate and have not yet fully worked out their ideas. You end up with some 40 year-old with a beard putting forward an argument they've practiced 50 times to 100 different people and then putting the 5 people who looked silly into a YouTube video about how stupid the left are. It's so transparent, but it's the perfect fodder for their audience of bedroom-dwellers as it gives them a sense of righteousness.
But it's Finn's part of the movie, where his character development happens, so how is that just doing something to fill the time? If Canto Bight was cut, you essentially cut Finn out of the movie.
You've got no idea what you're talking about. This is Britain! It's FIERCE MILD right now. It's going to be so mild by April I truly fear for my friends and relatives back home.
That's not how it plays out though is it? Nobody mentions Luke and it's Lando who goes off and gets the fleet with Zorri, following through on the "there's more of us" setup. You can say that the fleet is thee because of Luke but that's not how it's presented in the film. I thought something was coming when Poe and Zorri were talking on the rooftop in Kijimi.
Yeah, in the prequels, you get as much info on Dooku as you need to know for the story. Former Jedi, trained Qui-Gon, was trained by Yoda. Now he's evil. In the sequels, it's the same with Snoke. Turned Kylo Ren evil and is his master, was made by Palpatine. There's plenty we can ask about each character, but when it comes to movies, you also tell a lot through the performances, costumes etc, right? So we knew things about Count Dooku because of his name, his fancy clothes, his regal accent and charm as much as we do through dialogue. I think it's the same with Snoke. His giant hologram, his luxurious clothes, the theatrical, blood-red throne room withe the guards poised around the outside, the tone of his voice and his scarred face all tell you about the character. But sure, we Star Wars fans do love our backstory (I'm no different) so I can see why it stands out as something which people want more of.
That's not what 'show don't tell' is about. It's not 'show a montage instead of having a character deliver exposition'. We were never shown Dooku being a Jedi Master, a Count of Serrano, Qui-Gon's master, Yoda's apprentice, him leaving the Jedi Order... nothing.
NTA. This is just a **classic** example of the guy friend who secretly had a huge crush on hid female friend for years. Rob is in love with Lucy. He's going to try and force a situation where Lucy has to choose between 'some guy she's only known for a few months' and 'her best friend of 10 years' and it's going to suck. He's probably been reeeeeally nice to you. Like, super, super nice. That would be because he's trying his hardest to accept the situation and also trying not to look bad in front of Lucy. In his mind, he will be the good friend, supporting Lucy and telling her how great her boyfriend is. And he will do that hoping to play the long game and to be the shoulder to cry on when (in his mind) you guys break up. He's hoping Lucy will see how he was there all the time and was kind and supportive and how he would never treat her as badly as you did blah blah blah. It sucks, sorry.
Aren't you supposed to go to hell if you kill yourself? I bet nobody ever mentions that side of things no, do they? "Well, James did rape those 3 little girls but he's in a better place now..."
The fact you linked hat wikipedia page just tells me again that you've got the wrong end of the stick. I think you've taken the 'show' a bit literally, but anyway. As for Snoke and Dooku having various levels of impact on the plot of their respective films, I would say that Snoke being Kylo Ren's master and manipulating him to the point where Kylo has had enough and kills him is a pretty significant part of the story. Dooku being Palpatine's apprentice certainly has impact too. &gt; Plenty of people have. Sorry, I was referring to your comment talking about Rian Johnson and JJ Abrams. &gt; Remove Snoke and do any of the core beats need to change? No Quite obviously, yes. The whole of The Last Jedi would be completely different, for one. &gt; Kylo could have had the same "let's rule the galaxy together / no light / no dark" with or without Snoke's demise. Well, not really. If Kylo is the main bad guy from the beginning then he's a very different character and the story is completely different. &gt; This is...odd. If a character exists on-screen solely for the purpose of being sacrificed to re-focus attention on the other characters, then they don't have a purpose. You're misunderstanding again. Snoke already existed before The Last Jedi. He was not created or the purposes of being killed off in The Last Jedi. His death at the hands of Kylo Ren was to focus the attention onto Kylo's character, and in that way is was very purposeful. &gt; Dooku was an active participant on-screen and Snoke was, at best, an active participant off-screen. And I would argue that's not the case at all, as made clear by The Last Jedi.
Who knows? All we've seen is that the maneuver can be used with one large ship attacking another in space. However, I don't see anything in the films to make me think that Holdo's maneuver in TLJ would have blown up a planet. It didn't even blow up The Supremacy.
Right. So you must be pretty tired of people saying that they should have just used the Eagles to fly straight to Mt. Doom and drop the ring in so the whole trilogy could be done in 30 minutes?
Yes, it just wasn't played up. One of those examples of when something is a bit more important at the start of production and gets sent out for licensing materials only to be cut or downplayed in the final movie. Remember Constable Zuvio in TFA? No? Me neither, but he got an action figure on launch day and was in a load of books and stuff.
The point is that different people are after different things from Star Wars.
And within a few years, the opinion now is, "Of course it made money, it's Star Wars".
It's really stupid though. Anakin is an old man when he turns back to the light side. He's not Hayden Christensen. Sometimes, Lucas just goes too far with his meddling.
I was 14 when TPM came out. Sitting in the theatre, even I knew that 'The Chosen One' was an incredibly tired cliché.
Enough with the victim complex, already! People may get called sexist when they complain about women telling men what to do. They may get called sexist for saying Rose was only included to satisfy SJWs. But people don't get called those things when having a normal conversation about their opinion of the movies. If they have been, the accusers are being idiots and this is not some 'you can criticise x but not y' thing.
Well, Star Wars is certainly more realistic than the Bible.
There's a great Bill Hicks bit talking about how people believe the Bible is the word of God and then change it. "Well, I think what God meant to say here was..."
*One and Two Bedroom Luxury Apartments They're the new Tesco Express.
I do remember when Christopher Hitchens volunteered to be waterboarded to see if it was torture. [It didn't take him very long to make his mind up.](https://youtu.be/4LPubUCJv58)
Yep. I think it would have been powerful for Finn to show the First Order troops that they have a choice. They don't have to kidnap children and repeat the cycle they were brought up in. It could have been a nice parallel to Ben Solo's redemption, too. To see the inhabitants of the Galaxy, inspired by word of Luke Skywalker's return and triumph, rise up against the First Order, with some of the Stormtroopers joining in, throwing off their helmets and fighting against the loyalists, would have been great. You could have had a scene reminiscent of Order 66 but in reverse, where we see all these different planets from the saga, just briefly. Gungans and Naboo fighting side-by-side, a battle in the skies above Coruscant, etc. But nope... we get a couple of snippets, I guess.
I don't think his crew is a problem, it's the leadership. I like Canady a lot, too. His character shows the difference between the experienced Imperial military officer and the upstart First Order General. This is Hux's first proper battle and it shows. You feel for Canady because he clearly knows what he's doing but has to take orders from someone he doesn't necessarily respect.
This is actually on of the 'metrics' I use when I think about where I am in my life. Well, I usually think, "what would 16 year old me think of me?" and I think he'd think I was pretty cool. I left my run-down town in North West England, moved to Spain, came home and went back to school for a year then moved to the Middle East and now I live in Africa, a few hours' drive from the Serengeti. I met the most amazing person out here (she was on vacation) and we got married last year and have our first child due this Summer. Next year we'll be moving to Canada, where I told my Dad I wanted to live when I was 5 years sold. 13 year old me just wanted to explore the world a bit. I may not have lots of money, but I've really got to live my life so far and can't wait for what comes next!
NTA - He's being pretentious. If he was such a foodie that it was 'his personality', then he should be able to tell when brownies have truffle oil in them (and he should have known that would have been *disgusting*). If he loves food, then GREAT! Be passionate about it and share that passion with people around you. Just don't act the snob when you don't really know what you're talking about. This was a funny prank and your buddy should lighten up a bit, take himself a little less seriously and stop trying to make his friends think he's someone he isn't.
I wouldn't say that was the case for either of them. Adam Driver's performance throughout the trilogy is fantastic. It's probably the best performance in all of Star Wars. Harrison Ford is great in Star Wars and Empire Strikes Back but maaaan, he phones it in so hard in ROTJ! Go and watch that movie and focus on his performance. He looks like he can't be bothered, it's weird. As for Ewan McGregor, he's a very good actor and he's very likeable in the role of Obi Wan. But it's not really one of his best performances, his accent is funny at times and he certainly doesn't 'carry the trilogy'. He's not even that prominent in TPM.
Wow, this is so poor. Do you not see how pathetic this looks? Just move on with your life. by all means, don't consider the sequels canon but just leave everyone else to enjoy it. There are far more important things you could pour your energy into. Trying to co-ordinate whining on the internet is just about the most pitiable thing you could be doing.
Well, one problem is that video games now cost so much more money to make and the market is much more competitive than it used to be. The improvements in graphics mean that models now have to be so much more intricate, which means they take a lot more time to create. Same with textures. Jedi: Fallen Order was in development for 5 years. Jedi Academy was made in 1 year. Jedi Outcast was made in 2. The Force Unleashed was only in full production for 1 year, but had a lot of brainstorming beforehand. You can turn around games quicker if you're building off existing games (like the Battlefront games, which only took a couple of years each) but making big single-player games like KOTOR is an expensive and time-consuming endeavour these days. I would love some great new stories in some Star Wars games, though. It's crazy that the last proper single-player story we got before Fallen Order (which I still haven't played) was The Force Unleashed II! (The single player mod in Battlefront II felt less like a story and more like a way to address a criticism of the first game whilst recycling areas designed for the multipleyer.
&gt; I discovered that originally, this group does have a cause that is pretty noble: "removing political agenda from entertainment media". Sure. And Gamergate was all about ethics in game journalism...... /s They can't even define what political agenda they're talking about. It's a pathetic alt-right talking point that we need to resign to the dustbin of history. These people are just trying to dress their racist and misogyny up in fancy terms. They just don't want representation in Star Wars. The main premise is this: if you are a white male, you do not need to justify your existence in a movie at all. However, any woman or person of colour must be held to a higher standard if they are going to merit inclusion in a Star Wars movie. If Rose was a white dude with a beard, she wouldn't have been controversial at all. These people think they are in a culture war. They see anything non-white, non-male and non-straight as an attack on straight white men. It's pathetic. These people were whining that Holdo chastising Poe was indicative of some kind of agenda that says men are stupid and women are superior. The fragility of their position is astounding and it reeks of incel logic. People have problems with all of the Star Wars movies. But these guys go about it with so much anger, vitriol and disrespect. We just don't need that stuff in the fandom. It adds nothing and only serves to increase negativity.
This is more than just a red flag. It's a serious crime. He tried to rape you. You need to get somewhere safe as soon as you can. This is not a social issue for you, it's a health one. You need to take care of yourself and your own physical and mental well-being and get away from this guy now.
I dunno man. Seems to me that Grievous is an active aggressor and Obi Wan never looked like his intention was capturing Grievous and bringing him back. He was there to take him out.
Just what I'd do normally, but naked. Would you really pause to get dressed if someone was trying to kill you? Or if your house was on fire?
&gt;How did they end up hiring someone with so little knowledge of the lore? Are you referring to JJ Abrams?
Oh, but they capture Chewie.... off-screen. Ugh.
There's an image online of the actor who played Luke in the flashbacks. He's in Luke's Cloud City costume and has full makeup and everything so I think they did film it, or at least did test shots.
Glass bottles are generally just cleaned and reused though, not melted down and recast.
You are about half way to getting it. Luke is so ashamed of what happened precisely because it shouldn't have gotten that far, he shouldn't have reached for his saber and he shouldn't have even had that thought in the first place. At no point does Luke feel justified or try to justify what happened.
True. Although the version of the lore in The Mandalorian is way better than what came before, in my opinion. It just seems much more fitting.
Hence the 'generally' part.
He probably could have helped quite a bit if he'd just shared some of what he knew from the Prequels! I wonder why he plays it so cool in the OT. After 20 years he isn't like, "Obi Wan! Dude! How the hell are you?" on Tatooine. When he's on Dagobah, he starts fighting with Yoda despite knowing he's a badass Jedi Master. Maybe he was just really wise and kept quiet to help Luke's training. I mean, R2 and Luke were along all the way to Dagobah and not once did Artoo share that he actually knew Yoda. Maybe by the time Luke finds out Vader's his father, R2 realises he'd have a lot to answer for if he told Luke that he new. He's either very wise or a real arse hole.
It's always annoying to see people classified as 'sequel haters' or 'sequel defenders' as if they're some unified group. People like and dislike things for different reasons and it only shows up your tribal mentality when you classify people based on a single opinion.
I enjoy it, but do find a lot of the film very uninteresting. Jyn is just a really, reeeeally boring character and Felicity Jones' portrayal is so flat and unlikeable. Pretty much the entire time she's on screen, I'm just looking at the background. Cassian Andor is a cool character but again, a bit flat. He's helped by having K2-SO to play off. The rest of the ensemble were good cut-outs but not very fleshed out characters. I like Chirrut and Blaze and the idea of the Guardians of the Whills (although surely it should have been the Church of the Force so there was continuity with the sequel films). But then you have Saw Gurrera and that weird performance from Forrest Whittaker. I find it borderline unwatchable. The idea that scoring a direct hit on the Death Star was a weakness engineered by Galen Erso was also a bit of a lame take. Surely the weakness should be that the reactor needs thermal exhaust ports which must link directly to the surface? Unless they were trying to leave room for the line in A New Hope about how the Rebels had analysed the Death Star plans and found a weakness. But then why even mention a weakness at all? Can't you just have Galen tell Jyn where the plans are? I think the visuals in the movie are great. The costumes and the hair and everything is spot on and it does a great job of capturing the look and feel of the originals. There are some iconic shots like the Star Destroyer over Jedda or the Death Star viewed through atmosphere. The last third of the movie is a lot of fun for the most part. I love the space battle and those shots of the X-Wings flying around the ring and swooping between Star Destroyers are some of the best things in the new era, for me. Tarkin being back was fun, Krennic was fun and I enjoyed the Imperial side of the story a lot. Seeing Vader in action like that was thrilling, though him watching the Blockade Runner fly away does impinge on A New Hope a little. It's a fun movie to experience, but I don't think it's a great movie by any stretch, just because so much of it - maybe 40% - is boring. If I wasn't a hardcore Star Wars fan who's entertained by eater eggs in the background, I don't know how I'd be able to sit through the whole thing. And to be honest, you don't miss too much if you just start the film as they're on the way to Scarif.
Jyn does come across more as a spoiled rich girl than a hardened underworld outsider.
It feels to me like the attitude around The Rise of Skywalker was "let's just get this shit done with!". They screwed up with Colin Trevorrow and possible felt like they just needed a fan-pleaser rather than risking another Last Jedi (in terms of fan reaction - I love the film) and just kind of pushed out The Rise of Skywalker. But now the sequels are over and the way is clear for new original content that isn't weighed down by so much expectation. Alas, the sequel trilogy was not all that it could have been. But Star Wars carries on. The Mandalorian has been great and there's plenty to look forward to just on the streaming side, so maybe now's the time to let go of the disappointment of the sequels and see what this new group of creators come up with.
I think that if we take TROS at face value then it looks as though Palpatine may have been trying to pass his soul into Luke to possess him, like he was with Rey. So not only was he keeping the secret from Vader, but he was quite possibly about to reveal his knowledge by possessing the body and soul of Vader's own son. Dark! Vader would then have the knowledge or the threat that if he ever tried to kill Palpaluke, Sidious would take possession of Vader instead. Thus his fate as a slave to Sidious is sealed.
When you look at all the overseas territories around the world that operate as tax havens, the UK is the best place in the world to hide money and avoid paying tax. You're right that it's a right-wing paradise and by aligning policies which benefit those at the very top, the Tories whip people up and gain their votes thanks to socially right wing talking points like immigration.
Yeah but you see, we have to have this stuff leaked so we can all say how much better Colin Trevorrow's movie would have been and that Disney has no idea what they are doing. Then we can say something about the JJ Cut (that doesn't exist) and complain to our hearts' content.
Yep. Just another example of over-explaining things that simply do not need to be explained. This whole thing with semi-sconscious crystals is just really silly stuff that is more straight-up fantasy that Star Wars, in my opinion. Just let them be crystals. Over-explanation never really works for me. See: midichlorians.
Nah. Just go with the Originals and then if he's interested, show him Rogue One. RO is a vastly inferior movie to the originals and relies heavily on nostalgia and references to the originals. Star Wars fans can be bad for trying to curate other people's experiences based on their own fandom. Just go with release order first because that's how the story was told, and then go back and switch things up if you like. If you're showing Dark Side of the Moon to someone for the first time, you just put the album on and let it play, right? You don't jump around because you think yo've found a better way to arrange the album. At leastm, I hope you wouldn't do that.
Maul lost to Obi Wan. Twice.
Jesus. "Guys, did you know that 99% of our magoes are imported!?!?!" "What an outrage! Best get Brexit done so we can get back to eating good old traditional British mangoes!" \*crowd applauds
That's not very nice!
Ha! No, I've never seen that. "We produce more *varieties* of cheese" sounds so weak. Better cheese? More cheese? Nah, just a wider variety.
?
Hey dude, if you dig them, that's awesome. I also enjoyed all of those films, apart from Dr. Strange which I found weirdly boring and it felt as though he went from zero to the ultimate guy in a pretty short space of time. That's fine though. I thought Civil War was a lot of fun and I laughed a lot of the way through. It's silly and over-the-top in a great comic book way. They're just not films that draw me back. I did find Endgame a bit much though. The big battle and everything just didn't do it for me and it looked a bit silly sometimes because it was trying so hard to be epic and meaningful.
&gt; People seem to forget that Palpatine was handled virtually the same before the PT Right. And whilst h's obviously the bloody Emperor, I wouldn't say Empire Strikes Back 'builds him up to be vital'. He's a significant character, of course, but the plot doesn't revolve around him. Same with Snoke in TFA. &gt; the crux of Kylo’s arc in TLJ was him finally trying to surpass Vader by destroying and surpassing his master. Absolutely. And that's why I think it's so misguided when people say that Kylo killing Snoke was a waste. It was EXACTLY what Kylo's character needed and what the story needed to ensure that the next film wasn't just a repeat of Return of the Jedi (and look how that turned out). It lets you go in a different direction. If Vader had killed the Emperor and was in charge by Return of the Jedi, would his feelings for Luke still have been able to turn him?
And when we first meet Rey in The Rise of Skywalker, she's trying to communicate with the Jedi who are one with the Force. "Be with me" is her mantra when she's meditating.
The caps lock certainly makes you look a bit childish. You're talking rubbuish anyway and are coming across as one of thoe pathetic people who cries about Kathleen Kennedy any time someone involved in a Star Wars production sneezes.
&gt;The prophecy itself is kinda bleh anyways. The idea of Anakin killing Palpatine in episode 6 out of goodness and love for his son is better than the idea that he had to do it because of a prophecy. BINGO. And hey, he didn't bring balance forever, but he did do it. The Empire forming was some big, terrible, galaxy-defining thing and it only lasted 20 years! Anakin killing Palpatine at least brought 35 years of peace and balance.
&gt;Just an endless cycle of war and no one will ever be happy? Is that now Star **Wars** though? The Old Republic timeline is based around wars between the Jedi and Sith wars and Republic and the Mandalorians. Then the prequel era is all set around the Clone Wars. Then after that you have the Galactic Civil War. Then 30 years after that, there's the war with the First Order. In Legends, the post-ROTJ landscape was one of constant unrest and war.
&gt;Regardless it seems I haven't missed much considering there's always a STC 'miner' ready to play victim as if there isn't an entire subreddit that props itself on civil discussion whilst trashing on a movie, gaslighting and brigading other subs and mocking people that do like it. Nailed it.
Admiral Ackbar Mon Mothma Nien Numb Jabba the Hutt General Grievous The addition fo Babu Frik really is not a big deal and there's certainly no rule about having any new characters in the final movie of a trilogy. Especially not when they're just side characters, TROS did make some pretty poor errors of judgement when it came to adding characters like Jannah and Zorri Bliss though, becuase they weren't given enough time to be fleshed out and they only ended up taking time and focus away from the existing characters.
You can't just take a 9 year-old from their mother and then say, "forget about her", though. Making sure she was at least safe and not a slave was the least they could have done, if only to mitigate against any future problems with Anakin worrying about his mother or resenting the Jedi for leaving her a slave.
Like: Some of the new characers, particularly Kylo Ren. Dislike: The way the first two films are about the First Order trying to take over the Galaxy and then the third one comes in and throws them out in favour of Palpatine coming back with an even bigger and better fleet that was there all along under some ice. Weak.
It's indicative of the attitude surrounding the entire movie, I think. In TLJ, the saber splitting in two is a significant moment. The fight to control something ends up destroying that very thing. That makes sense and is something that has worked before. We had the chance for Rey to make her own saber (clearly a double-bladed saber would have made sense) which would have been symbolic of a new start for the Jedi. But nope. They just wrapped a black band around it and carried on as if nothing had ever happened. Which is pretty much what they did to the whole of The Last Jedi.
I don't watch Naturo, so won't be able to get your reference but I see what you're getting at. However, Kylo Ren already has some shame for what he's done, which is why he's so conflicted. He's already isolated because he's murdered or distanced himself from anyone who ever cared for him. A life of him travelling the Galaxy with Rey, helping planets affected by the First Order is a far, far better life than the one he had as Supreme Leader of the First Order. His punishment would have been to live a happier and more fulfilling life than he had before. That feels like him getting off by getting everything he wants! He gets forgiven and hugged good bye by his mother and then he gets the girl and they go on lots of adventures together. Doesn't work for me.
If we're missing Maul, we're not missing anything amazing. And it's already been done. No wonder there are so many disgruntled fans when half of them just want to see cartoons done in live action.
Right. Which weakens the silly argument that these changes are made in order to shift toys.
Seriously, some people just don't do well with nuanced thinking. Kathleen Kennedy was made 'Co-Chair' of Lucasfilm in 2012 so George Lucas could step away. Disney bought Lucasfilm in October of that same year. It doesn't take a genius to see that Kathleen Kennedy was installed by George to be the new head of Lucasfilm under Disney.
So you would prefer to have scripts that people aren't happy with? Strange.
Yeah, not every mention of Star Wars is an invitation for you to rage on about how you missed out on Reylo or how you hate The Last Jedi or how Kathleen Kennedy killed Jesus and invented cancer. Scroll to the bottom of just about any thread and you find the same people at the bottom who couldn't resist taking a dig. You'll get a great drawing of Kylo Ren and people are moaning about Reylo. You get a cute picture of a little girl meeting her hero Rey at Galaxy's Edge and there's someone grumbling sarcastically about Mary Sues and whatever. Just give it a rest, folks.
WAHEEEEEEEY!!!!!
It's not bad press or a sign of a troubled producton though. It's just reworking the story and scripts. This happens ALL THE TIME. The differrence now is that people are so desperate for leaks, clicks, likes and follows that any detail is built up to be a huge thing. People are just desparate for drama and if you already have an anti-Disney or anti-Kathleen Kennedy agenda, then you're going to pick up on this stuff regardless of whether you have the full picture or not. Hell, even after Bob Iger came out and took responsiblity for Solo flopping, people still just wanted to blame Kathleen Kennedy. &gt; as the boss in charge she needs to maintain a level of control and order which doesn’t seem to be happening Except, if this was her decision, maintaining a level of control is EXACTLY what she's doing. Same as what happened on Solo. Not having control was the issue and that's why Lord and Miller were fired.
So basically, you can find excuses for things you do like, but not for things you don't. Got it.
The final couple of seasons just sort of rushed through the rest of the story. Most of what happened was great, but how it happened left a lot to be desired.
So what you like something, it was good regardless of Kathleen Kennedy. But when you don't like something, it's all her fault. So weak.
Chernobyl was a great mini series and that was only 5 episodes. 6-8 episodes per season is standard for a British TV series.
Bingo. Not to mention, half of these 'issues' aren't issues at all. Films undergo rewrites ALL THE TIME. Not only that, but: Josh Trank screwed himself over by being unprofessional. Benioff and Weiss left due to a HUGE deal with Netflix. James Mangold's Boba Fett movie became The Mandalorian (and look at what he had to say about silly fan reactions) &gt; At the point when work writing &amp; directing big franchises has become the emotionally loaded equivalent of writing a new chapter of The Bible (w/ the probable danger of being stoned &amp; called a blasphemer), then a lot of bolder minds r gonna leave these films 2 hacks &amp; corp boards. That movie was never announced anyway. It was in development, sure, but it was never greenlit for production. People with an agenda, like to blow things out of proportion though. There are probably 5-10 more projects that were in some stage of development but were cancelled or put on hold. The idea that this is some kind of travesty caused by an inept studio head is ridiculous.
Didn't you know? Marvel is just like Star Wars. You know, like how George Lucas had all the scripts for the originals and the prequels ready to go in 1976?
Who exactly is blaming the fans for making the movies?
Pixar's **Brave** changed writer/director after she had 'creative differences' with Pixar. **Ant-Man** famously changed directors. The **IT** reboot did great business and had a different director from when it began. Steven Soderburgh was originally making **Moneyball** before it was re-written and a new director was hired to make the film more accessible. **The Wizard of Oz** went through four directors. **Gone With the Wind** had three! Stanley Kubrick stepped in to take over directorial duties on **Spartacus** after the film had started shooting. Peter Jackson took over from Guillermo del Toro for **The Hobbit** films. Hell, George Lucas was originally attached to **Apocalypse Now** and was involved in developing the script, but he parted ways with the production to make American Graffiti. I thought **Dredd** was a lot of fun and there were quite significant issues that led to the director being locked out of post-production, and writer Alex Garland taking editing duties and even being iven a co-director credit. And these are all just examples of films which got made .
Killed it with money and praise?
&gt; Dont forget that Obi-Wan was original a movie directed by James Mangold and was cancelled after solo. James Mangold was attached to a Boba Fett project which was never greenlist for production. Neither he or Lucasfilm ever confirmed or announced anything. The project was shelved and we got The Mandalorian. Oh no!
Hey, I'm not trying to argue that it's good! Bringing Palpatine back essentially hobbles the entire film. I just don't think it's a ret-con as much as a new chapter.
Thinking some people online are being a bit silly when it comes to being so negative about TV show or movie is nothing to do with being open or closed-minded. Just as not immersing yourself in negative communities online is definitely not the same as walling yourself off.
I wouldn't give Lucasfilm 10/10 or anything. There have been hits and misses. When I look back at Solo now, it does seem like a project that didn't have a lot of enthusiasm behind it. Disney/Iger were not willing to accommodate the film in the schedule, it seems that Kennedy maybe took her eye off the ball a bit when it came to Lord &amp; Miller (and having it in production alongside The Last Jedi probably didn't help) and the whole project was something that wasn't exactly met with much anticipation in the first place. It was definitely a mis-step and was probably a mistake from the beginning. Now, The Rise of Skywalker did have the issue with Colin Trevorrow, but let's not forget though that in that situation there were two sides. For the relationship to break down as it did, there must have been things on both sides which neither party was willing to compromise on. We don't know the full story yet, but to just say that it's a problem with Kathleen Kennedy seems narrow-sighted. I don't think Kathleen Kennedy will be around for much longer. She came in as an experienced head to see Lucasfilm's transition after it was acquired by Disney. With her in charge, they've made their money back, made an all-time hit in he Force Awakens and tried a couple of things. The spin offs produced one success and one flop and The Mandalorian showed that some of those stories are probably better suited to and episodic format. Obi Wan going from being a movie to a mini-series illustrates the new approach. So I think that in getting Lucasfilm ramped up into a much bigger and more prolific studio than it's ever been before, Kathleen Kennedy has clearly been a successful President of Lucasfilm. The sequel trilogy is in the bag and the first hurdle has been cleared. There's more of a blank slate now and there will be a new head of Lucasfilm to lead the company through the next phase of film-making, I'm sure. Hopefully the people who dislike KK will give them a chance. I think they will.
Nah.
Yeah, the base on IX is essentially the same as the one in VII. Those Leia scenes were weird, too.
The sequel stuff is nothing compared to the controversy the Prequels brought with them. The reaction to the Prequels was a big deal that became part of mainstream pop culture history. The dislike for the sequels is nowhere near as prominent.
I just don't watch those versions. All they screwed up, as far as I'm concerned, is themselves. Star Wars as a franchise and a fandom survived just fine.
I know those guys, won't shit on the originals, I was just making an example of the kind of thing I've seen in some of those reviews. I do feel that they sometimes stray a bit too far into, "Why didn't they just do X, Y,Z" territory. And yeah, it is far too easy to shit on stuff. With things like Wikipedia and YouTubers trying to sound like they know what they're talking about, people try and shit on films using terms and concepts they don't really understand and so now we have a legion of pseudo-intellectual nitpicking which is really annoying.
Anakin never knew Baby Yoda or Rey. We can just say that Anakin didn't know how to do it. Perhaps Yoda did know how to heal people, but he didn't do it because it could lead to a slippery slope. Healing Padme because Anakin had broken the rules by falling in love and forming a problematic attachment to her would have been against Yoda's beliefs, I think.
The child slavery thing isn't the point of Canto Bight, it isn't really on show and it's never actually talked about. Rose is telling Finn about how the city isn't what it seems because he's just walked in and become enamored with the glitz and the glamour. She shows him the abusive Fathier handler through a telescope, so it's not like he's being hit in the face with 'CHILD SLAVERY' and ineptly failing to notice it.
I don't reallty think they're too similar, but I also don't think that an adaptation ofthe video game(s) would really work so well. It would have to be changed quite a lot. A major part of KOTOR's story is the reveal of the twist, but it would lose a lot of its impact in a movie because everyone who cares already knows it. I would imagine a KOTOR movie would be a bit of a looser adaptation which may feature a new story with some familiar elements or characters.
Rose is a significant character in The Last Jedi and I really don't see how her character is 'wasted' at all. Why do you mean by that? She did exactly what she was supposed to in supporting Finn's arc and she had her own motivations and growth too. She's in a lot of the film and has an impact on the story. In TROS she just gets shoved into the background. *That* is wasting a character.
So lazy, or rather, dismissive. And her reason for not going on the adventure in TROS? Oh, she has to stay behind to study old Star Destroyer plans for weaknesses.... despite the fact that those Star Destroyers are 50 year-old designs and have been defeated many, many times over the years.
Somebody actually downvoted you for saying that!
Well, clearly it does. In Star Wars, Obi Wan is with Luke on the Falcon training him to use the Force to enhance his lightsaber skills. In The Force Awakens, Rey is able to fight back against Kylo because she opens herself to the Force.
Woah woah woah! It wasn't just his pride! It was the thought of Baby Jesus, too. Can't forget little Baby Jesus!
That team of youngsters beat a full-strenght Everton side.
I agree that Vader is best used sparingly. The stuff I've always really disliked is when Vader and Luke meet between Star Wars and Empire Strikes Back. Just the idea of them coming together more than once and even having lightsaber battles is just awful and goes completely against the spirit of the original trilogy.
I would argue that doesn't have to be a person though. It doesn't have to just be a guy that makes Kylo turn back. We had the First Order being built over the last two films and I we easily could have just had Kylo turn against them. He sets in motion a chain of events which he then has to stop as Ben Solo. Works for me! It'd be like in Spiderman 2 when Doc Ock takes down his bad guy machine when he comes to his senses. The Palpatine return just feels like the quickest, easiest way to get there but also not a very satisfying one.
Depends which Darth Maul you like. Some prefer the quiet, evil bad guy from The Phantom Menace, other's prefer the more fleshed out version from the cartoons (and Solo, I guess).
I think there's no chance whatsoever. For one, remaking the prequels would be a pointless exercise. In order to improve them in any significant way, you'd essentially have to just start again from the ground up. There's just no point. And please don't let JJ Abrams do any more Star Wars.
This sub really needs to chill out a bit, I think. The moment someone sneezes, people go apeshit, complaining about Disney, Bob Iger, Kathleen Kennedy and anyone else that gets in their firing line ("Disney can't even stop their staff from sneezing and we're supposed to trust them with Star Wars!?!??!"). It looks like we're slipping into a cycle of reposting baseless rumours, freaking out about them and getting angry at people and then having those rumours squashed. And all we've added is a load of negative bitching.
Right? There are some regular posters on here who only complain. It's their entire identity and raison d'etre as fans and it sucks. When I was a moody teenager who wouldn't shut up about how much everything sucked, my Dad gave me the following advice: "Don't define yourself by what you don't like. Define yourself by the things that you do like. Otherwise, people will just see you as a negative person, and they'll be right."
George was out of the game for 20 years when he came back to direct the Prequels, and it showed. Bringing him back after another 10 year hiatius would have been veeeeeeeeeery risky.
OP seems to be another person who thinks that the films not following their personal ideas for Star Wars makes them bad movies. Alas, they're not alone, unfortunately.
&gt;They don't show him until he's being stabbed. Because that was the big reveal that he wasn't actually there. He was just closing his eyes and shaking from exertion, not wincing at being stabbed or clutching his chest or anything. &gt;Why didn't he die before this? He was projecting himself for a good while? For the same reason that I'm not as tired running at 100% for 50 yards as I am running at 100% for a mile.
Yeah, right? This 'play dumb' approach does nothing but make the person employing it look a bit daft.
If there's one thing which would perhaps illustrate that he's not that great an actor, it would be that his career has been very unremarkable since ROTS.
Okay, well when you put it that way I understand more where you're coming from. I think the likes of Dave Filoni did know where TROS was going enough to make the second season fit. I just think the show was never really supposed to have much of an impact. It was a side-story that fit into the bigger picture but didn't have much affect on it. Definitely a different take than the other two animated shows. I haven't seen the finale yet though.
I wonder if anyone ever asked Luke if he was related to that famous pod-racing kid who was the only human to ever win the Boonta Eve Classic. I wonder if it ever came out that he went off to be a Jedi. His friends knew, right? I wonder if Beru and Owen even told Luke his father's real name or lied to him so he wouldn't find out the truth by accident.
I think you have some big misconceptions and misunderstanding about stories. The fact that Leia and Chewie did not hug has nothing to do with any of Rey's character traits. It's just that JJ Abrams overlooked Chewie because he was focused on having an emotional moment for Leia and out protagonist. This is nothing to do with 'the Rey way', as you complained. &gt;I also shouldn't forget consistency too but when I watch the sequel trilogy I continuously have to to make sense of this shit. 'Consistency' has nothing to do with it and there's nothing to make sense of. That films is easy to follow without being confused just because you don't see someone grieving. Sure, it would have been nice to see Luke take a momemt (if it fit in the film), but not getting that doesn't mean the movie is inconsistent. Showing one character upset doesn't mean you have to show everyone who might be upset over something. Which is something you need to understand for your next point as well... &gt; If we have a scene with Rey in the same movie crying bout hans death(knew him for like one day mind you) but we don't have a scene with Luke showing any emotion towards his death who knew him for 20+ years then yes you are stealing scenes away from him tf do you mean. It's not a zero sum game. If we see Rey having an emotional moment with Kylo Ren, that doesn't mean that we have to take an emotional moment from another character. What you're saying is completely wrong. &gt; An explanation of a scene that logically makes sense not being in a movie is a failure of the director and writers fault then. Nope. You do realise that just about every movie has deleted scenes, right? Luke talking to Biggs on Tatooine in A New Hope made perfect sense, but it not being in the movie isn't a failure on anyone's part. You're letting your desire to be confrontational cloud your judgement. &gt; Constructive criticism makes movies better. Constructive criticism *can* help people make better decisions in the future, sure. However, you are not offering any constructive criticism at all. &gt; In the case of RoS they regress tho they didn't learn anything. I'd probably agree. &gt; these are a direct sequel to the OT the original trilogy so Luke Leia chewie and Han are just as important to us as our new mc They were all very important to the story. Whether or not they are as important as our new leads is a different issue. Luke Skywalker isn't even in the first movie until the very, very end and Han Solo dies in it! &gt; So when you don't have scenes showing luke reacting to Hans death (in the movie not in a deleted scene) its not natural at a movie perspective, immersion, and character wise It's perfectly natural. You don't need to be shown absolutely everything and the scene you so badly want to be included was cut for very valid reasons. You can complain all you want but I'd give the 'justifications' for your opinion a rest because they're based on clearly incorrect assumptions about stories and movie-making.
Yeah, that's absolutely awful. He completely gets away with all of his terrible crimes and the Galaxy gets lied to.
Right? Having him sneak away to avoid any kind of reprecussions for his numerous crimes is so weird. Honestly, a lot of people in this thread come across as the kind of folks who write love letters to murderers in jail.
Lying to Kylo/Ben's victims just so you can give him a happy ending? No thanks.
Darth Vader's character wasn't 'dropped like a hot potato' because he died. After he died in ROTJ, he went on to be a huge asset to the franchise.
Sounds like you're staying with him out of pity. Of all the reasons to be with someone, that is right up there with the very worst. He expects you to be his mother and you're acting like it and 100% enabling his behaviour.
For sure. Those guys know what's up. Anakin could have just given them the 'Jedi business' line anyway.
Somebody out there has eaten a gallon jug of mayonnaise in one sitting and they've never told a soul. This post may well have triggered some kind of PTSD and a long-repressed sense of shame.
The Hutts are badasses. But they're generally apart from the Empire vs. Rebellion stuff. They play the long game and so alligned themselves officially with the Empire in order to retain what they had built up over time. The Hutts are like the Catholic Church over the years. They've kept hold of their stash for centuries, as nations and empires have risen and fallen.
I think OP is definitely doing that. And I agree with you. There's something to love in all of these movies. Edit: I don't really care about karma but isn't it weird that someone would downvote a comment like this?
Great stuff! I love Leia, Snoke and Han's hands.
ESPECIALLY if you're a giant slug!
"Where did you learn to hot-wire a speeder!?!?!" "Oh, I dunno...my parents were Rebels and I've been in this whole underground Resistance thing for years..." "Oh yeah, of course. That makes sense."
In the game, I wasted Luke Skywalker on Hoth!
I think it could have been either Palpatine or the Final Order. One or the other, but not both. Maybe have Palpatine as this shadowy figure who is trying to take control of the First Order through Kylo, who ultimately resists because he doesn't want to serve another Mater. Palpatine tries to kill Kylo but he just about escapes with his life (maybe Rey speaks to him through their connection or helps him in some way), does some soul-searching and seeks out Rey so they can team up and defeat Palpatine and Grand Moff Hux (or whatever title he gets). Or, you have Kylo find out about this massive hidden fleet. If the First Order get hold of it, then it truly is Game Over for the Galaxy. You finish off with redeemed Ben Solo fighting Hux's First Order as they're about to unleash the fleet on the Galaxy. When they brought in both Palpatine and the Final Order, they basically got rid of the First Order, and that was a shame. They were the bad guys of the last two movies and with a flick of the returned-Palpatine's wrist, they're irrelevant.
Crazy how TFA still made over $1.5million in April, 4 months after its release.
This is so undignified. Why not just leave with heads held high and a few handhakes? Why does it have to turn into some pathetically small-time, statement? Those MEPs are an embarassment.
\*sigh\*
He sleeps all night and he works all day
I think it could end up being Moff Gideon. Perhaps slightly anticlimactic, but there you go!
I'm not taking anything away from Gerrard. He carried that Liverpool team a lot of the time and almost single-handedly won them a couple of trophies. But Scholes is the kind of midfielder that Xavi wanted to play like, and that's something!
That was my thought too. Didn't the Defender have 3 wing pylons and not 4?
Even better nerding!
Now THAT could be a really cool game. Tatooine would be a great place for an open-world game featuring smuggles, bounty hunters, criminal gangs and lots of familiar faces.
I think it's one of the greatest movies ever made.
I think the mixed reception is what's kept it from making more money. To get much over a billion, you need plenty of repeat viewings and I don't think Rise of Skywalker will have drawn so many people back to see it again and again.
He's the best candidate you guys have. He is literally the only major politician I can see who isn't a complete corporate shill who just wants to be president to satsfy their own ego and sense of ambition.
Yeah but what else are you going to be outraged about today? Real things? Pfft!
More like: "Huh huh huh, let's say that the OK sign is for white supremacy and then we can laugh at the libtards who get offended huh huh huh" \*actual white supremacists start using the symbol \*People point that out "Huh huh huh, you fell the the joke! We got you! Huh huh huh!" \*4Chan idiots go back to masturbating over cartoons.
TIL: I was teaching elementary music classes all wrong. All this time I thought I was teacfhing kids about rhythm with fun rhymes and clapping. Turns out I was just propagating hate. Damn.
It's also stereotpyically Arabic, but people in America are much more familiar with Italian immigrants their descendents that those from the Middle East.
I mean, some of them, yeah. Mario Balotelli is pretty dark-skinned, like.
Some people think 'world-building' just means 'lots of locations and aliens' though. If that's going to be their definition then obviously, the Prequels have better 'world-building'. The fact that the original Star Wars trilogy introduced us to all these different kinds of people and factions seems not to matter. The entire concept of the Force, the clone wars, the empire, the Jedi, bounty hunters, criminal underworld gangs, wealthy mining colonies etc. is all introduced in the orignal trilogy. That's world-building. We do get some more of that in the prequels, but half of it is derived from the originals in the first place.
&gt; It just felt overly calculated. And lacking passion. It's such a passionless film, for the most part.
I think it's the opposite of what you're saying. TLJ left a very open stage for the next movie to finish things off. Kylo Ren is the Supreme Leader and has failed to turn Rey, who is off to train as the first of the new Jedi. The Resistance forces have been decimated, but a message of hope has made it out into the wider Galaxy. It seems like a really great jumping-off point to me. The Rise of Skywalker decided to ignore all of that in favour of beginning a whole new story featuring the return of Palpatine, which was jarring due to the complete lack of setup.
Absolutely. TFA and TLJ: The First Order is this big evil organisation that is trying to take over the Galaxy and must be stopped! They rose out of the ashes of the Empire and are now led by the grandson of Darth Vader himself! TROS: Yes, but The Final Order and Palpatine are here now, so forget about those First Order guys. TFA and TLJ: Kylo Ren is a tortured soul who is cruelly manipulated by his master. But Kylo has enough, murders his master and takes his place as Supreme Leader. TROS: Yeah, but Kylo Ren doesn't really care about being Supreme Leader now, he's going to do his own thing instead. TFA and TLJ: Rey is really hung up over her parents. She's struggling with the thought that she was simply abandoned and she's searching for a deeper meaning or a good reason for to be abandoned like that. Ultimately, she has to accept that her abandonment wasn't a heroic or significant act, and that she is just who she is, and she has to make her own way. TROS: Yeah, but actually she's Palpatine's granddaughter and that explains her life for her.
&gt;I would love to see these people. I would also love to hear how the movies don’t work with the established lore, break the rules of the lore and these plotholes. I've heard from plenty of these people. They're the people you mentioned who misunderstand what's going on.
It wasn't 'hated' though. Quite the opposite. It didn't receive universal critical acclaim, bu the idea that it was widely hated is a modern fiction.
After having innumerable conversations with devout Christians who would reach a point in the conversation where they would have to admit to having read the Bible, I now preface any religious or theological discussion I'm going to have with a Christan with, "Have you read the Bible?". If they haven't then they're just being sheep who have no idea what beliefs they are actually building their lives around. If they have, then they'd know it's a crock of shit.
Absolutely, positively, 100% NTA. Good on you for making your house into a home. It sounds like you've got a really great place! A lot of the people who have issues like the one's your seeing will just be jealous or have so little personality that they feel a desperate need to conform. Your house sounds awesome and I bet the people complaining just with they could be younger and could come and hang out with young hot people in their speedos and bikinis.
F6 standing by. Locking s-foils into attack position!
What makes her a 'garbage character' in your opinion?
It doesn't matter where his parents were from. Mario Balotelli is from Siciliy and is Italian.
Ethnicity is not a biological construct like race though. It's cultural. As someone who was born in Italy, grew up in Italy with Italian foster parents, who speaks Italian and participates in a major aspect of Italian culture, Mario Balotelli is as Italian as anyone else. At what point do you think someone can be classified as 'ethnically Italian'? It's a tricky question, no? But it's a valid one. It's especially interesting when you consider countries like the USA or Brasil. What does it mean to be ethnically American or Brasilian? They are countries of immigrants and black and white people are just as much immigrants as each other. So is an ethnic Brasilian just a native? Even if they life in the rainforest and have no interaction with, or even knowledge of Brasil? Are Native Americans the only ethnic Americans?
Grey Jedi are not canon.
Yep, you've got it. I think it's a weird explanation though. I mean, blowing up the main reactor of just about anything is going to destroy or cripple that thing isn't it? If I shoot a torpedo into the reactor of a nuclear sub, it's going down. I really don't get why the flaw couldn't have been that the reactor needed to vent and therefore could be accessed from the surface. If you somehow manage to land a direct hit on the very centre of the station, it'll blow up. That's not much of a weakness, is it?
Yeah, sorry, that was a really lazy comment from me! I like Korriban more than Morriband too. I'm just not sure why they changed the name. Well, I can imagine...
Thanks for the info.
&gt; Obviously Terrio had a huge hand in the film, which is extremely flawed, but I didn’t want to judge him on BvS, and he went ape shit on the set of Justice League after they fired Snyder. During the Whedon reshoots, they were having a ton of troubles putting it together and he snapped, saying “If you would use some of the fucking script I wrote, things wouldn’t be so problematic!” I didn't know any of that, cheers. The biggest crime any of the DC films have commited is being boring. They're just really trudgy, dour movies for the most part. The films with Superman in were really poor, in particular. Aquaman was ropey as hell and felt like a story we've all heard a million times over. Anyway, that's besides the point. &gt; And I would absolutely trust him &amp; JJ over Trevorrow &amp; Connelly. I was very skeptical of Trevorrow and Connelly from the start. From the moment I heard we were going from exciting young filmmaker Rian Johnson to the guy who just remade Jurassic Park, but as an incredibly stale and generic by-the-numbers 2010's action movie, I was rather disappointed. JJ Abrams is like a kid who takes all of his toys out of the box to play with them, but will never put them away. TFA was great fun, but finishing off stories is not Abrams' strong-suit and it showed with TROS. &gt; All in all, we got a radically disjointed trilogy. And I think, in time, the fans will appreciate The Last Jedi for being bold and honestly having the biggest and best of the story of the 3 films. Agreed. I think it's easily the best of the three. I'm sure lessons have been learned from this. The Last Jedi was the movie which had the smoothest production, the clearest vision, the best writing and direction and which received the most critical acclaim on top of being the year's highest-grossing movie. It shows how much better things could have been had they had a clear idea of what they wanted. It was a fun few years though, and I'm looking forward to seeing what's next.
How do you figure Rose added nothing to the story when she had an impact on Finn's development? Why was her being a nerdy engineer who becomes a fighter a pointless arc? I just disagree, I guess. I thought she was a good character from my first viewing.
In your case perhaps, but the person I was replying to was crying about how Kathleen Kennedy was going to push women to the forefront of Star Wars and they were obviously uncomfortable with such an idea.
X-Wings for me. As a kid, I dreamed of flying them and being a fighter pilot like my grandfather.
It's canon, for sure. Now, does that mean that when I rewatch The Last Jedi, I will be viewing it through the lens of what happened in The Rise of Skywalker? Probably not. The prequels are canon but I don't think about the Chosen One stuff or Padme or whatever when I watch the originals. Kinda like there are all these terminator movies which have come out and you have to accept them as 'canon', because they are. But that doesn't mean you have to pay them any attention!
The Leia stuff was very weird. None of those scenes feel like two people in the same space talking to each other and the lines of the other characters all feel like they were written around Leia's dialogue rather than natural dialogue. The way she went out was pretty bad, too. Maz just saying, "Welp, Leia's going to die now" was very off-putting. She just told us that Leiawas going to communicate with Ben and then she was going to die, which took a lot of the impact out of that scene. I don't find Finn's story in TLJ insulting at all. He held a lightsaber a couple of times in TFA but there was nothing to say he was force-sensitive at all, so that really doens't feel like a dropped storyline. Instead, he gets his development in TLJ and becomes a full-on Resistance member, and that's just where he stays in TROS without any more development, unfortunately. Rey Skywalker is just her rejecting her birth lineage in favour of identifying with the people she feels more in-tune with. It doesn't quite work for me either, but it at least makes sense. The Snoke thing, we don't really know enough about yet. Perhaps Snoke was a real person who Palpatine killed and replaced with a clone who thought he was the original Snoke. Or yeah, Snoke was a puppet the entire time, which begs a lot of questions.
&gt;Italians think of Brits like blonde and green-eyed or something Haha, at least it's not a rich man in a suit with bad teeth. Europeans know how terrible the Brits are anyway!
At one point, that might have worked. But the fact Palpatine did actually have a son and never refers to Anakin as being his should put a nail in the coffin of that particular theory.
&gt;In the last Jedi movie, when Luke Skywalker fights Kylo Ren on the red crystal planet but he is actually not physically there...is that something that is normal for Jedi's to be able to do? I don't remember any instance in the movies or clone wars where they show this. No, it's a new power we've not seen before,but one which was mentioned in a Legends book, which is where Rian Johnson got the idea, I think. &gt; What happened between episode VI and episode VII? Did the Republic not form after palpatine's first defeat? Why do they call the resistance, the resistance does the Republic not help since they have authority? Did Luke Skywalker not re form the Jedi council? Why is the Republic absent in the last 3 movies? Yes, they reformed. But due to fears of another Empire, they demilitarised. Due to that same fear of sparking another war, the Republic also failed to take the First Order threat seriously, so Leia formed The Resistance as a way to combat their growing power. They are tolerated by the Republic and somewhat supported, but not fully. Luke did restart the Jedi, but his temple was destroyed and he lost his students the night everything went down with Ben Solo. &gt;What is cannon? I understand from you tube that it means anything that is in the movies , cartoons. Is that correct? Is expanded universe and the books fan fiction? Canon is the 'official history' of Star Wars. &gt; I watched an hour long video of a person who goes into the history of Mandalorian. How does he know all this lore? There are lots of stories from books, comics and TV shows which delves into Mandalorian history. Star Wars has LOTS of these kinds of stories and for some people, that's what they enjoy the most. No stupid questions! Welcome aboard and I hope you have fun getting into Star Wars!
Excellent point. Like people who have 'read' a book because they've seen the movie adaptation.
And the return to fighting was all part of the plan! He got the Nobel PEace Prize for a calculated bluff.
Aw man, the Pope's reaction when he saw that was something like, "It's how it was". As if some old Polish dude would have a clue. Amazing that these people are still a thing.
Han Solo is a drug smuggler who murders a dude in a bar over a debt the first time we meet him. Anakin murders a tonne of Sand People and Padme just gives him a hug and then marries him like it's nothing. The Republic had an army of lab-grown cannon fodder were, in effect, slaves. Luke Skywalker had his hand chopped off by his own father and still went to save him. How healthy would that sound today? Can you imagine Luke asking for advice on /r/relationhip_advice? "My father cut off my hand and is trying to kill all my friends and make turn me into an evil slave for his master. Should I go to him and try and change his mind?" If we want to try and get super literal and critical with Star Wars, we can make pretty much anything look much worse than it is. You've gone pretty far though.
Getting hold of the source code would be the way.
No shit. People want single player Star Wars games. Multiplayer games are fun and all but a big attraction if Star Wars games is that you get to put yourself into the universe. I can remember the first time I played Jedi Knight on the PC and I was completely blown away by swinging a lightsaber in first person. Games like X-Wing and TIE Fighter series put you right in the centre of epic stories that feel like you're in the movies. There's a depth of immersion that only single player Star Wars games can give you.
It takes the characters from Star Wars and adds depth and emotion and puts them in challenging situations that they struggle to get out of. It's beautifully written, it looks gorgeous, it's got amazing action scenes, tension, it expands the universe, it goes bigger and better than the first movie, Han Solo and Leia's love story is just wonderful, and the movie has a lot of heart. It's my favourite film.
Yyyyyyyeah not sure about that. Fans in their 20s, perhaps. For those above a certain age, I'd say it's a different story.
The things is: there were high quality games before, and more of them than today.
Yeah, and his poor dad had to spend his time chilling in Switzerland and was only allowed to keep one 747 for his personal use. It's a tragedy. And you'll never guess what Hamad's son did to him a few years ago??? If you guessed "exactly the same thing" you'd be correct.
Hamad also used to make fun of Gaddafi, and would mock him behind his back for his excess and preference for won't eye liner "like a woman".
There's such a nationalistic myth surrounding the American Revolution. People would have you believe that your average colonist was sick and tired of being told what to do by England and was ready to rise up against tyranny. In reality, most people didn't care at all and considered themselves to be 'citizens' of their own state alongside subjects of the Crown and that was just fine. Even most of the 'founding fathers were happy to be British. They were sending their kids to school in England and some had even dreamed of serving in the King's army. Had it not been for some poor crops affecting the abilities of landowners like Washington to pay back sizeable loans taken from English banks, the revolution probably wouldn't have happened. There are anecdotes of towns having one revolutionary flag and one loyalist flag and hoisting whichever one they needed to when troops came throigh. For the majority, it was business as usual.
And that was as good as that game got. I remember it was such a nice day, though. The Anfield Road end went absolutely mental after that goal and then later in the game Fowler did his 'snort the line' celebration right in front of us. Nob.
This is the crux of it, really.
And nor was she meant to be. She's a producer, not the story writer.
Darth Vader/Anakin Skywalker, for me. Poor Luke...
That game was infuriating at times. It just wasn't particularly well made, but it did have everything from the movie and the soundtrack alone made it worth playing at the time. The platforming sections had me pulling my hair out.
I believe you can get it for PC over at GOG.com for next to nothing.
I'd say X-Wing Alliance or Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight it's so immersive, the level design is great and I really felt like I was swinging a lightsaber around in first-person.
It seems that you're the one who isn't putting the effort in if you think it makes no sense.
No, I said "and that's it" so obviously there's no room for debate.
I don't think the healing was a plot hole at all. It was a power Rey learned from the Jedi texts and she had that force dyad with Kylo going on. How Palpatine came back, where Maz got the saber, the specifics of what Luke saw in Ben Solo's mind,the history of hyperspace attacks or "why don't they..." comments on character choices aren't plot holes. How did Lando gather the fleet so fast? This one is really, really lame, but I *guess* that it can be chalked up to the 'spark of hope' thing from the last movie...at a stretch. The Sith dagger is just really daft. It does have the coordinates of the place to use it written on it, though, so that's the last part of your question. How the Sith fleet came out of nowhere is another one that's just stupid. The crew came from Exogol, though. I think there's something about how they've all lived there forever or something. I dunno, it's pretty weak. Fuck knows what they were on about with the whole getting to Exogol thing. It was extremely inconsistent. All Rey had to do was fly through it once and broadcast the route to the fleet, but apparently the Final Order couldn't do that. Force ghosts doing force things doesn't feel too worldbreaking from where I'm sitting. They weren't getting involved in fights or anything and, as you say, it was pretty cool.
There was a Republic military. Most of it was destroyed at Hosnian Prime. Kaz from the Resistance show was a Republic pilot, too. The Resistance is a separate group which has somewhat secret 'support' from the Republic. It makes sense. What you meant to say - and have now said - is that you think it's a bad choice for the story. I'd say it was actually a decent *idea* but it's left way too vague in the films (TFA, really). But it's non nonsensical at all. The Republic doesn't want to risk another war breaking out and don't believe the First Order wants that either. Leia thinks otherwise and founds the Resistance. Again, there's nothing there that doesn't make sense, as far as I can see. And it seems to have made sense to you so the problem just seems to be that you don't like it.
We're looking in Kitchener-Waterloo, ON. Prices are pretty high... Thanks for the advice.
I'm trying to. She's not really listening to what I have to say, so I'm turning to Reddit to see what other people say to a) make sure I'm thinking straight and b) so she can see that I'm not the only one who thinks this is a bad idea. Thanks for the reply.
It's well worth it. The gameplay can be very wonky - especially by today's standards, but it's great fun from a different time and some of the levels are just great. Fighting IG-88 and Boba Fett and getting to fly in an epic space battle were real highlights for this 12 year old! Not to mention Hoth!!!
It's just the WWE style, I think. WWE doesn't really *want* matches like those in NJPW. The whole ehtos of wrestling is different and really, the matches in NJPW are almost always going to be better than those in WWE for that reason.
It's worked well-enough for Trump so far. Any kind of scrutiny is just people being mean or unhelpful and therefore asking questions and pointing out mistakes is only making things worse and may actually mean it's all your fault in the first place. Welcome to politics in 2020.
Canada and New Zealand would be a couple. And you seem to be under the impression that racism isn't a form of oppression. Are you saying racism doesn't exist in the UK?
Yeah but.... Money. I mean, we need to make the rich even more rich don't we? And how we we going to do that without figuring out how to further exploit the natural world around us in ever more disgusting ways?
Get that shit off here. Nothing against you but I'm reporting this post.
You do you, I just don't think we need to see or hear about this piece of shit on here. Morbid curiosity or not. If you're that interested, Google it. This sub is about Pantera, not people who murder dudes from Pantera.
I waited to march at the back where people were taking a bit more care with the distancing. But you're right that it was a little bit too packed in the marching crowd for the most part.
Probably the worst example you could have chosen, but yeah, you can find jurors.
Personal taste, nostalgia, habit... The only people who really seem put out by the sequels are fans who didn't like the direction they went in. There's a reason the Prequels are well known as bad films and have gone down as a famous misstep in cinematic history, while nobody outside of Star Wars discussion circles on social media spends any time lambasting the sequels.
Well, you really answered that yourself. It's Prequel kids who come out with this nonsense because their Star Wars is the one that was tainted by those films. Honestly, a lot of what I see is just people parotting the same opinions over and over in the manner that social media has made commonplace. These opinions are more like hashtags. You don't really have to think about then, you just repeat then enough that you can assume they're right. It's certainly made talking about Star Wars a little less fun because so many people are so dramatic about everything.
Star Wars cartoon fans be like: "IT'S THE GREATEST THING EVER AND BETTER THAN THE ORIGINALS!!! well, half of it is unwatchable garbage but BEST THING EVER! FILONI IS GOD!"
It COMPLETELY misses the point of Star Wars when you start saying that you need x ammount of training to lift x number or size of rocks.
That's not how things work. You don't get to demand I explain myself if I simply say that I disagree with you. If all you're going to say is "they're better" then I don't see why I, or anyone else, would be obliged to expand much more than that. I disagree. I think the Prequels are have worse characters, a worse story, worse execution etc. You could perhaps be more specific if you'd like some more detail, and if I felt like it, I may offer some, but exclaiming that I need to explain myself if I disagree with you isn't going to get you very far.
Go and read some of the many positive reviews the film received from professional critics who explain very well why they thought it was good.
It's about lots of things. Doing the right thing, friendship, standing up for what you believe in, learning to fail, whatever George Lucas says it's about this week etc. There's no one thing that it's about, really.
I thought it was a bunch of clones fighting the good guys. One thing that I do remember is that I always thought if the Jedi as being much more limited in numbers than they ended up being. I think they would have been better served as a knights of the roundtable sort of thing rather than a religious order.
You literally showed you didn't understand what you were shitting on. I'm not taking any moral high ground, I'm just opposed to this whole 'us vs. them' nonsense. You're just being divisive and you have nothing to offer but the same tired old shit. How boring.
Well that's enough money for me and my family to love the rest of our lives very happily, so yeah, that's definitely 'much money' and more than enough to get me to live off asparagus lettuce and apples for a few months.
....and then getting all uppity when you show them how they missed the point.
Yeah, but Dave Filoni exists and therefore deserves all the praise because he made some very uneven cartoons which people like when they were kids.
It was always Luke's to me, but it was that way before the Prequels, so I get why some people would feel differently now. But these days it's Rey's, I guess. I don't think it matters, really.
On a trip to the States a couple of years ago, I went to the Gerald Ford presidential museum in Grand Rapids, MI. It was one of the most 'American' things I'd ever experienced. I was there on 9/11, so there was a 24-hour salute going on outside the museum where boy scouts, postal workers and whoever else were lining up to take their turn saluting the stars and stripes. I chuckled. And to honour those who died, there was free entry to the museum! Inside, there were the winning entries from a local children's art competition. The winner? Why, a picture of a Bald Eagle flying in front of the flag *of course*. Anyway, the museum was a real laugh. It was stuff like his high-school football jersey, notes from his teachers about what a nice boy he was and then really boring memorabilia from his time in politics. He seemed like a ncie enough guy, but just about as boring and standard an old-school Republican as it would be possible to get. Basically, if he hadn't gone into politics, he would have run the town's most popular second-hand car dealership and would have a reputation for grilling nice hot dogs. The biggest gift he ever got was being VP to a corrupt piece of shit and it was cool seeing the pen he used to sign Nixon's pardon, I guess. It was also pretty funny seeing all the campaign merchandise for when he lost the election, followed by some quotes plastered on the wall about he probably would have been decent if he was president for longer. The mock up of the oval office was nice and the highlight of the whole thing was seeing *the* phone from which he called the Apollo-Soyuz mission. 3/10 would not visit again.
&gt; Call it what you will, this is bad writing. I think it's just more a case of it being a cartoon for children.
What it really shows is that people have different ideas of who a particular character is and that when something goes against that, they can get angry. For me, a lot of the people I see complaining that Luke in TLJ was acting 'out of character' are just failing to see him as a person and want him to be more of an ideal version of a legendary character. They wanted the myth that Luke talks about in TLJ, rather than a real person with thoughts, feelings and emotions.
What ideas of his were rejected by 'Disney'?
Maybe Song for the Deaf, Song for the Dead or maybe even The Bronze or In The Fade.
It was just opposite the hotel we were staying in when we were in town for a concert. And that kind of 'Patriotism' is weird as fuck and is the sort of thing people make fun of America for. And it was a museum, not a library.
Nobody: DDP: So bro, it's 1997 and I'm getting this real hot feud with Macho Man going....
Not to be *that guy* but I already learned quite a bit from growing up in and living in two different countries, my three years living in the Middle East and the six years I've just spent living in Africa. I'll be bringing that knowledge and experience with me as I look to settle down in North America, the fourth continent I will have called home. The USA is definitely a quirky place and it's strange brand of "patriotism" is something that is often mocked around the world. I think America is great fun, though.
What are you on about? You only seem to be proving my point.
It think that it's the conservatives who want and need simple stories to make sense of the world these days. One of the things they tend to rally against is the idea of postmodernism and the realisation that grand societal narratives are just that: narratives. They're not reality, just convenient stories that make things easier to understand or help people frame complex matters in an easily digestible fashion. And you get to choose which version of the story you want to believe. So as the newer elements of society embrace how complex and nonsensical life often is, the conservatives have to retreat further and further into their comfort zones, begging for simple stories to comfort them and reassure then that they're right in their worldview. And in doing so, they will swallow just about whatever bullshit you give them. And that's how you get a reality TV host to be President.
Yeah, you definitely proved my point. Well, enjoy the rest of this beautiful day. Edit: my point being that America needs to learn to laugh at itself a bit more. There's also a difference between being proud of something and thinking you are superior to others, just like there's a difference between having a bit of national pride and having military jets flying over university sports fixtures like you're in North Korea or something.
The thing is, they're not the same people who were 'meh' back in the day.
Couldn't agree more. It perfectly captures the sound they were going for. It's consistent, it's groovy, it's heavy as fuck! I think all of their albums are amazing in their own way and Reinventing the Steel is really powerful
And all it cost was one George Floyd in exchange...
Yeah. I don't thinkthere are too many 50 year-olds watching the films back now and being like, "Oh actually, these are GREAT!"
Nah, I ditched my time machine back in 2013.... I've said too much
Amelie
Moses: Let my people go! Pharaoh: Okay, I will let a couple of your people go... Moses: Let my people go! Non Jews: Come on, do you have to keep this going? Haven't you got what you wanted now?
I dunno mate, I heard a lot of people hating on those films for them being cynical cash cows which were made just to sell toys. Not to mention the stuff about how they potentially ruined a lot of the originals. Either way, just bear in mind that you are a fan of films that were much-maligned by fans when they were released, and which were often considered 'not Star Wars'.
Unhinged, haha. Alright mate, you have a nice day.
I must have missed the part of how character arcs in Star Wars were all about using force powers.
Get yourself one of those guides that gives you the best episodes and arcs. It's not worth ploughing through the bad stuff just in the hopes that you like it after a couple of seasons of rubbish. I never found it got much better, to be honest. I see the appeal, but it's a Saturday morning kids cartoon show. If you couldn't see yourself getting into Ben 10 now, then you might have an issue with Clone Wars, though it's Star Wars, which may help.
Mate, it's as clear as day. You're just using rhetoric that's too strong because people like to gravitate to more extreme opinions online. Rather than saying "Rey feels too independent to me" you have to go all "She's perfect and never needs any help ever", which is obviously not correct. And when someone brought you up on that, you started talking about Luke, despite the fact that he has nothing to do with your original point... Moving the goalposts. So what's your point? That she never needs help and so the other characters are pointless, or you think Luke needed more help and so that makes him a better character than Rey and makes better use of the characters around him? Ending each of your posts with some form of insult is pretty weak form, too.
What's the point here? Don't make female characters better or stronger than any males characters? I'm not sure what was so different about any of the new female characters form the 5 movies we've had since Disney bought Lucasfilm.
The irony of the Special Editions is that the 'improved' effects have aged worse than the original ones! The tidied up miniature work is infinitely better than the CGI. Edit: autocorrect
You mean your character has regressed?
Yyyyep!
Yep! Thanks.
I feel you! I actually put a cassette recorder behind the TV and recorded the audio to the movies so I could listen to them in bed! Dedication!!!
They're the cool henchmen, that's all. What's the problem? Not everything in a movie has to have some greater significance to the Galaxy. Where they get their name from is completely irrelevant and you're being a bit ridiculous complaining that they 'take away screen time' when they spend the vast majority of their time accompanying Kylo Ren. You just come across as whining over nothing because you want to complain.
Oh, it's his name because he's a Sith Lord, but what I mean is that the only thing that's canon there is a Sith Lord called Revan, not his character or his story. Tenebrous is also used as a name, but that doesn't make the Plagues novel of The tenebrous Way canon, as great as that would be.
Thanks! I'm not sure I'll go out looking for any of those any time soon though. The Wendigo looks creepy as hell and giant wolves and dinosaurs are little bit hazardous for my tastes!
There's a workaround for EVERYTHING! You even get fans glossing over the bad acting in the Prequels by saying '*that's how it's* *supposed to be'.* And so the cringey dialogue and wooden acting is actually just a genius extension of Anakin Skywalker's character, so you can't really criticise it at all.
It's definitely better than the movie version but I still think that the version of Anakin we got in the Prequels is a mis-step.
It's by far the most overrated film on this sub. It's probably the best of the Prequels because it actually has the stuff that everyone was waiting to see, but it's not a particularly good film. It still has the same issues with clunky dialogue, weak characters, unfunny humour, uneven pacing and a dodgy story.
Yeah, I don't know how it survived for 28 years without it...
It definitely tries, but it ends up being 'emotional' in the same way that a Mexican soap opera is.
Who does it hurt, exactly? I'm much more disappointed in not enjoying the film than in Disney-Lucasfilm not making more of a profit.
It may be, but that scene is one of the biggest crimes in all of cinema.
I think the fact that it's decidedly 'meh' is the problem. It's so uninspired, it lacks any conviction, it's painfully unoriginal, it's flat and empty and not much happens. It's about as good as a GI Joe or Transformers movie, which is fine if that's what your taste is, but it feels very disappointing that a Star Wars film (well actually, two in a row, with Solo) should be so incredibly mediocre.
I'm with Scorsese on the Marvel films. They're totally fine, but they are to cinema what Wendy's burgers are to fine dining.
Yeah, I spent so much if that film just waiting for the next thing to happen because for all the running around, not much seemed to happen and I just didn't care.
...they're different poses!!!
Want a Star Wars website? Simple! Have a Star field background and yellow text. DONE.
We need more articles explaining how these theories are bullshit because people are getting hurt.
It's been invaded by idiots, yes.
20 day old account. Standard.
I don't really care. Trump will go down as the worst president in history. Hillary is a cunt, but nowhere near as bad as that imbecile.
I fucking love Lemmy. When I was in uni, I had a job working the backstage of a pretty decent venue. I didn't get paid but I got to work any show I wanted and basically take care of the bands that came through. And one of those bands was Motorhead, who I fucking love, anyway. Late morning rolled around and the trucks pulled up and began to unload. Now, Motorhead did touring PROPERLY. No rider asking for some sandwiches and a tray of meat and cheese. Oh no. Motorhead brought their own KITCHEN. *With a chef*!!! And not just any old chef, but a big fat Scottish guy who called everyone 'cunt'. After wheeling in the kitchen gear and all the food, one of the crew pulled in a **pallet of Jack Daniels**. Yes. Not a box. Not a crate. Not a couple of boxes, but an entire PALLET. Shocked, I asked the chef, "You guys been hitting it hard this tour, then?". His reply? "What? Naw man, that's all Lem's". I was in awe. After hanging with the road crew and support band for a while and watching the back door for autograph hunters, I turned around to find this fall, thin, beardy guy with a cowboy hat in his head, a big boil on is face, a Jack and Coke in his hand and a blonde woman on each arm, I shit you not. It took a while to get chatting to him because he couldn't hear a thing, so I had to adjust my voice to the appropriate (shouting) level. We grabbed a photo and he went on with his day. The rest of the band were great, too. Mikky Dee spent a lot of time on his phone and Phil just relaxed in the dressing room reading a book and drinking tea. I got to watch the band soundcheck, which was incredible. I was literally the only person standing in from of the stage watching them. Everyone else was busy doing work and there I was getting my own private lights-up Motorhead show. They ran through Whorehouse Blues, and seeing Motorhead playing an acoustic blues song, with Lemmy on harmonica, in an empty room felt very special. As it came time to open the doors, I was tasked with finding Lemmy as he'd wandered off somewhere. I found him, with his blondes, playing on a fruit machine (a gambling machine like a one-armed bandit), smoking a cigarette with his Jack and Coke perched on top. He wouldn't leave until he's put all of change in, even though the crowd was slowly filtering into the building (with lots of double-takes). I escorted him back to the dressing room, wished the best of luck to the support band (In Flames) and then went out to enjoy the show with my AAA pass plastered proudly to my jeans, feeling on top of the world! It was a great show, too. RIP Lemmy, you absolute solid gold legend.
I don't think Endgame is a great comparison because that a pretty crappy film too.
Yeah. There was an article on either Reuters or Al Jazeera which credibly reported the secret burying of bodies at night time. There were something like 250 extra bodies recorded in one area (ten times the official national bodycount). Interesting for sure.
Yeah, it's a kids show. And there's nothing wrong with loving a kids show. Especially one that you grew up with. Transformers was a show about war where the characters shot at each other and died. It doesn't mean it wasn't a kids show. Thundercats also had people die and featured episodes about things like slavery. The X-Men cartoon featured death, betrayal, love-triangles and discrimination and was also a kid's show. Rocko's Modern Life and Ren &amp; Stimpy had some really crazy stuff in there and were stalpes of Nickelodeon, a children's channel. Kids shows don't have to be mindless and immature. They are frequently the opposite of that and are used to introduce children to concepts such as death, racism, sexism, substance abuse, loss, tragedy etc. The Clone Wars is a kids show and that's just fine.
That's great, but irrelevant. A grown male who transitions is a woman. A grown female who transitions is a man. Someone can go from being a boy in their youth to a woman I adulthood and a girl in childhood to a man in adulthood. It shouldn't be sk difficult to wrap your head around.
I think that's because they know there's no such thing as heaven, but that's a discussion for another time and place.
You can clearly see that the statue has something in its left hand which looks like some sort of scanning device which he was going to use to shut down communications.
Best: Luke vs. Vader in ESB Worst: Yoda vs. Count Dooku
You were so close but a good example that there is still a long way to go.
The way I feel, the big mistake was hiring Colon Trevorrow for IX. I got why JJ Abrams was hired, I totally saw why they'd want Rian Johnson, but Colin Trevorrow!?! Now, I'm not in the industry and I know that Steven Spielberg really likes Trevorrow, so there's obviously *something* about him, but I was disappointed that the last film of the trilogy was going to be made by the director of the eminently underwhelming and derivative Jurassic World. His subsequent falling out with Lucasfilm hamstrung the production of Episode IX and left us lumped with JJ Abrams who can't finish a story to save his life. As someone who really enjoyed the first two films of the trilogy, the whole thing ended on a really downer due to a lack of creativity and conviction which I think a different writer-director could have avoided.
I disagree, but people have different tastes. I think Dave Filoni is fine for kids shows but I don't see any signs of him being better than the likes of Taika Waititi, Deborah Chow, Rick Famuyiwa, Peyton Reed or Robert Rodriguez. The episode of The Mandalorian he wrote and directed was the worst by some distance and he clearly has a decent way to go before he's at the level of those I previously mentioned. If he was the best they had, he'd be given projects like Kenobi. He isn't and so those things go to better, more qualified and more experienced candidates. This isn't just shitting in Dave Filoni. I think he has the potential to do some really good stuff. He just isn't there yet and some of the fans here need to realise that just because he made a CGI show or two which they grew up on, doesn't make him God's gift to filmmaking.
&gt;You have to train to get better in lightsaber dueling and force powers. That's why Anakin beat Dooku in episode 3 and not in episode 2. It's because over the Clone Wars, he got a shit ton of experience. Experience, sure. But lightsaber training? Anakin in Episode 2 was also foolish to rush into battle with Dooku. He let his emotions get the better of him and lost an arm as a result. In the movies, his growth looks to be much more emotional than technical. Nobody ever mentons training. He's just been fighting the Clone Wars and has gained experience and increased his powers as a result. The Clone Wars show didn't exist when AOTC and ROTS were made, so doesn't really count when analysing what happens in those films. I'm sure that if a comic came out tomorrow which showed Rey learning how to fight with a sword, or whatever, it wouldn't stop people complaining. I get your point, but again, I don't think that *training* is really what matters here.
That's not a personal attack at all. It's simply pointing something out which you appear to be offended by. I'm not worked up at all. In fact, that appears to be projection on your part. Again though, you're only proving my point about not understanding the difference between defending a position and having a discussion with someone by engaging in conversation. It's more than desperately trying to counter anything the other person says. I'm not trying to contribute to any attempt at a discussion someone is trying to have with you. I was just pointing something out. You then got a bit offended by that, but I'd advise just moving on now. I've got nothing more to add.
If Trump deserves anything, it's to go down as the worst president ever and also the one who was voted out of office by the biggest margin ever.
Yeah, that's their point. There are better scripts to use. You know whose scripts are a good read? Shane Black. Rian Johnson also has his scripts up on his website and they're also a good read. The Star Wars Prequels scripts aren't the greatest. Knowing the film so well in advance might mean that your mind constantly takes short cuts, seeing the scene for how it turned out in the film and not how it's written on the page.
Have it drain the power of one star to destroy another. **Literal Star Wars**. Blowing up a star is a much cooler way of destroying a system and would also have made a bit more sense when it came to the destruction of the New Republic fleet. Alternatively, have it drain the star completely and use that energy for something else like a factory. Then you have a really evil weapon that robs planets of their energy and leaves them to die a cold and painful death.
Yeah, I didn't think *facts* or *reality* really factor into her thinking, here.
He can't admit ANYONE is better than him at anything. I'm convinced that if you put a basketball in his hand and asked him whether he was a better player than Michael Jordan, he wouldn't have it in him to admit that he wasn't.
And you know what? It worked! Everyone I sat with on opening night remarked on how the film felt more like 'proper Star Wars' after the missteps of the Prequels.
I think you mean "there's only three". We don't need the PT shitting all over the originals right?
Obi Wan because when the two actually fought, he won.
I'm not from North America but I'm here now and I can't believe CNN sometimes (we don't get Fox here). I'm still waiting to see some actual news rather than just someone either shouting down the camera at me or dealing absolutely everything in an opinion. Yes, the news back in the UK does tend to have a conservative bias, but at least they try to be impartial. The likes of CNN and Fox News simply aren't news and should be allowed to call themselves that. They're opinion-based current affairs channels and that's about it.
I heartily disagree, but we're all different.
Not a clue, sorry! This is just one from Pizza Hut back in the day.
The confederacy existed for five fucking years and that's it. Proud of ancestors my ass. Some people just like to be racist and enjoy the white supremacy fantasy.
Get out of here with this pathetic, toxic nonsense. There places to go if you just want to be negative.
No, we can't. You also don't seem to have the first clue what you're talking about.
The X Wing games work pretty well with joypads these days. Definitely worth revisiting. I played through them not too long ago using a projector, so it felt like I was right there in the cockpit. Awesome!
Oh Ben, you poor, pathetic, snivelling excuse for a man. Go back to 'debating' inexperienced Freshers at college and talking fast to make it seem like you have a clue what you're on about. Then maybe you won't embarass yourself so badly if you happen to come into contact with an actual journalist or intellectual.
I think she should have just survived, but maybe with permanent injuries, which she would eventually succumb to on Alderaan.
I think George wanted to mirror the birth of Vader with the death of Padme. So we have Padme dying on the table whilst Vader is being born. That's what makes sense to me, anyway.
:( nah, your good!
It seems you've completely missed the point of that video.
Soooo good. I really like X-Wing Alliance though.
For me it just lacks charm. The film feels flat. The performances are flat, most of the time it just looks like one or two actors against a blue screen, the tone is all over the place, the dialogue is horrible, the story is extremely uneven, most of the characters are poor and the whole thing comes across as a Mexican soap opera set in space, which takes itself WAY too seriously.
Oh dear.
So this is what Vince Russo has been up to since nobody in the wrestling business will hire him?
What original ideas? Big corporations are bad? A bad guy playing both sides of a conflict? The Chosen One!?!?
No, they're not doing that at all. They're simply applying the flawed logic of those criticisms of TLJ to the movie widely accepted as being the best Star Wars film. They do this to make fun of these kinds of video. This video even says it's a parody.
The Phantom Menace is my favourite prequel for this reason. It was also easier to forgive the wonky acting and dialogue as a 14 year-old than it was to forgive the same stuff in ROTS as a 20 year-old.
If this was Trump, he would have insisted the kid be woken up so the Orange One could hurl some abuse before having the kid thrown out for being rude. Then he would have tweeted something really nasty and mean.
What you've really described there is a three act structure.
Similar, but without Operation Cinder. And Imperial Remnant disappearing off into some hidden corner of space and then returning with some special weapon or power they'd discovered sounds about right. Their leader being an old force user also fits well. The New Republic having a peacekeeping force rather than a wartime army makes sense, but I would have liked to have seen Leia more as a politician. I'd maybe have had her shown in the Senate early in TFA, warning everyone about the First Order and then being shut down and so stepping down and doing her own thing from there. I think Leia and Han breaking up was inevitable with her being so dedicated to politics and Han being a free spirit at heart who basically got bored and stagnated after the Rebellion was finished. I think that the concept of having Han and Leia's son fall to the dark side after harbouring resentment towards his parents is also a good one. With everything going on, him falling through the cracks somewhat makes sense. Leia would have been busy trying to rebuild the Galaxy, and Han would probably be off adventuring and struggling to just stay home, so I could see Ben becoming angry and seeding the dark side within him. Then, as he goes through training at Luke's academy, he becomes arrogant because he's Luke's nephew and is stronger than the other students. When he finds out Vader is his grandfather, he sees the potential he has and becomes more arrogant, even looking down on his fellow students, and then resents and ultimately falls out with Luke over feeling restrained. Maybe this ends with Kylo deeming his fellow students unworthy and he ends up killing one or two, causing the others to try and restrain him. Luke arrives and saves the remainder of his students but Kylo escapes. He then travels the Galaxy looking to teach himself and maybe tracking down Vader's relics, and that's where he truly falls to the dark side. At some point he could meet the leader of the First Order and becomes their apprentice. Like, having lost some students and feeling that he failed his own nephew, decides that he began things to soon and wasn't ready to start a new Jedi Order and so goes off in search of new knowledge while also punishing himself. Really, I think that the major beats existed in The Force Awakens and JJ and Lawrence Kasdan did a decent job thinking of a setup. It just wasn't communicated well in The Force Awakens.
Pretty shite. We (well, my wife) had a baby in April and we're in lockdown with my in-laws. Yeah. Lockdown with my mother in-law when we've got a baby. I'm climbing the walls, to be honest.
I hears Trump watched video for 'Miracles' and wanted Insane Clown Posse for a science advisory role after making him question: exactly *how do* magnets work?
In Fargo, Steve Buscemi's character is a loudmouth who never shuts up. So in Big Lebowski, his character constantly gets told to shut the fuck up.
I think that Luke should be left alone. In fact, all of the original characters should have been. Solo is *fine* but I don't think it was worth it. Recasting the characters just feels off. Solo kinda gets away with it because it's a Prequel. Recasting for a sequel or a sequel show doesn't sit well with me.
Being mistaken for a Nazi sucks pretty bad. I visited the USA a couple of years ago and one day wore a "Fuck the Westboro Baptist Church" t-shirt, which got all sorts of awesome reactions from people in a big university city. The next day, I worse a Slayer shirt. Yeah.... It had a pentagram made of swords with a big Nazi-looking eagle perched on top. I went from having a waitress compliment my shirt and give me amazing service one day to another refusing to serve me at all the next. People were staring at me and one guy looked like he wanted to beat the shit out of me. It really felt bad to have people judge me in a way where they assumed my views because if a t-shirt that didn't mean what they thought it did.
Unfortunately, it looks like it was just a lighthouse. Just one of those stories, sadly, where there's a central mystery which opportunists jump on an expand with bullshit. We had the same thing with Roswell where you go from the mysterious crash on the farm to recovered bodies, live aliens, a second crash site etc.
It's not lazy though, it's being rational. I'm on this sub for a good reason, but the Rendlesham incident is just not a very good case.
It doesn't neglect anything. In fact, it fits well, unfortunately. Again, I'd love to believe it. People can be mistaken without being labelled 'hallucinating idiots'. Witness testimony is not the be-all and end-all. What evidence do you find convincing?
These people....ugh. How about we look at it the other way? What about all those people who were told failure was the worst thing in the world? How about the folks who were shamed for not finishing first in something? Or having the right answer to everything? You know who those kids grew up to be? The kind of people who take a position and then will never back down from it, no matter how much evidence they have that they're wrong. The kind of people who will never admit they're wrong, even if that means harming people around them. The kind of people who reject facts, science and logic and project their own weaknesses onto others. The kind of people whose egos are so fragile that they feel offended by every little thing, even when it's as minor as taking down a statue of someone they've never even heard of because it makes them feel like they're on the losing side of an argument. The kind of person who sees Black Lives Matter and thinks 'what about me?' The snowflakes are not the ones out there actually trying to change things by sticking up and fighting for what they believe against the odds. The snowflakes are the ones afraid of change. They're the ones who hide behind Bibles and outdated political ideas which allow them the luxury of not having to think for themselves whilst reassuring them that they're right. They're the ones who can't ever admit they're wrong because they are so pathetically fragile and selfish. The kids who got the participation trophies understood that there is value in trying things you may not be good at. They learned that everyone matters and should be valued. They learned not to judge their own worth by arbitrary standards imposed by others. They learned to be humans whilst the snowflakes just learned to be programmed robots being fed into the machine.
I agree. I thought TFA was great fun and TLJ took the setup and did something really thoughtful and interesting with it. It's TROS which screws over the trilogy, sadly. JJ Abrams just is not the person you bring in to finish off a story. Who knows what was going on behind the scenes once Colin Trevorrow left, but tyhe decision to bring back JJ was the wrong one.
It seems like hiring Lord &amp; Miller for the project was a bigger blunder than firing them. It just looked like they were the wrong fit as they clashed repeatedly with the writers and let the production get away from them. I don't *blame* them at all, as they were just doing the film in the style which has made. But it seems that they just weren;t the right choice.
Who has a binder? Keep your strawman to yourself, eh?
....er You just invented a whole conversation about 'what would have happened' which means absolutely nothing. You can't counter someone;s argument with a fantasy.
Hahaha that was a poor misreading in my part there! But I also don't think it's very fair or intellectually honest to try and paint me as 'a skeptic' when all I've done is looked at the same evidence as you and drawn a different conclusion. This case just doesn't add up for me. The evidence just isn't very strong. The idea that there is a simple explanation is not 'absurd'.
That 'big secret' line is a joke, dude. BB-8's information is classified so she makes a joke that she - a lone scavenger in the desert - is also important. It's a self-deprecating joke from her. "What girl" is just because all of a sudden there's this other person involved who neither he nor anyone else knew about. Her connection to the lightsbaer and things is because she's strong in the force and the hero of the story. It says nothing about her family being Palpatines, or whatever. There's literally just "I don't know who my parents were" and that was a mystery that was solved in the next film, like it or not. Rey had a force vision in her dreams at some point and then.... she ended up on said island. All I'm seeing here is you saying that you thought the story was going to go a certain way and you seem disappointed and annoyed that it didn't. JJ Abrams is allowed to be surprised. That doesn't really make any difference and he still changed his film to accommodate that idea. He also came up with Luke in seclusion on the island so if he was particularly surprised then he probably had t thought it through too much. But either way, he wasn't the one writing the next part of the story and there was no plan for the trilogy so.... Who cares? Teenagers on Reddit came up with 'Rey Palpatine' the day after TFA came out. I'm glad that we didn't have that level of storytelling in the follow up to TFA. If you argument was "The Last Jedi didn't go in the way that JJ Abrams would have taken the films" then I would agree with you.
I like it a lot, too. It goes at a real clip, is fun and has good Star Ward characters as well as just the right amount of nostalgia.
Not really much of a critic. His stuff is my least favourite Star Wars content, but he's a real hit with a lot of fans, so that's great. He definitely gets hero worshiped way too much on here but hey, we've got passionate fans. I think he should keep doing what he's doing and keep learning and developing. His episode of the Mandalorian wasn't very good and was the most forgettable thing in the series so far and I think talk of him heading the studio is crazy because making a couple of decent cartoons doesn't exactly constitute a 'movie studio head' resume. I find his story-telling can be a bit too simplistic and formulaic at times and he's maybe too concerned with fan-service and references, but hopefully he'll grow past that and have a bit more confidence to make things which stand on their own rather than relying on pastiche.
Yeah, but are you a martial artist? /s
Well, he hired **a** trained fencer in the form of Bob Anderson, who was a struntman and fight choreographer from England. It's not a case of 'he even hired this guy because he was *heavily dfocused on technique'* as much as it's 'there was a sword fight so he hired the sword fight guy'.
Haha, I always forget about Solo. It's like that movie never even happened.
Would you like to expand?
Obviously, you know Legends doesn't count. You also know it's not 'Disney canon', it's just canon. Your headcanon that Yoda means that Luke came back to train with him between ESB and ROTJ is just your own wrong interpetation, unfortunately. It's nowhere *close* to being canon. The reason Luke tells R2 he's going to Dagobah to keep a promise to an old friend is precisely because Luke is going back to complete his training, as he said he would in Empire Strikes Back.
That's is a laughably poor interpretation of reality.
You're not proving that though. That's the point. You're just proving that you're ignoring reality in favour of a fantasy based on you not liking a movie and still being angry about it over two years later. Weak.
Their point was that even if it's not part the 'official' Machete Order, people are still probably going to watch it after the others.
I've heard way too much casual racism from some of my Australian friends. This sentiment of "they were here for thousands of years and never planted a crop" is something that I've heard more than once (usually preceded by, "*I'm not a racist, **but***"). It seemed like the people I knew didn't harbour any anger towards Aboriginal people and there wasn't any sort of active hatred. They'd just sort of already accepted that the Aboriginals sort of hadn't proven themselves worthy of 'having' Australia and therefore were inferior to the settlers. I've no idea how widespread such a feeling is in Australia. Maybe someone here can help enlighten me.
Huh? The plan is already out there, isn't it? There's a disclaimer that people sign to say if they get Coronavirus, they can't blame Trump. So everyone that matters to the Republicans is protected.... *Ahem*
I think your overestimating how many people care enough to hate these films. Just look at so many of the criticisms. Regular people don't give a toss about hyperspace mechanics or Jedi training times. It's just about enjoying a fun and entertaining story. And that's how most fans are, too. It's only the weird people who get really wound up about minute details and declare them to be unsurmountable problems that make the new films terrible in every way. There are people out there who declare TLJ to be the worst movie ever made. You shouldn't give those people too much credit.
We're not told how Luke had broached the subject with Ben previously. Luke says that he was aware of Ben's pull to the dark side and I'd be very surprised if he never talked to Ben about it. Luke's moment of weakness comes upon finding that things are much worse than he'd ever imagined. The fact it's that moment of weakness is the tragedy of the whole thing and what gives the story so much weight, I'd say. I think that the acting, the voice over and sound effects and the events of the previous film were enough to let us know that what Luke saw was terrible. He shouldn't have acted as he did, but Luke Skywalker *is* impulsive and reactive and he does have emotions. Thats just who he is and I don't think he left any of that behind at the end of Return of the Jedi.
I'm with you. I just felt that the story decisions in TLJ made perfect sense and were the right choices to make. Rey's parentage, in particular. It kinda hurts seeing what happened to Luke, but it also gave him a really interesting story and a challenge to overcome which was personal and more than just about him advancing even further in the force, or whatever. I didn't see anything illogical, really. Until TROS, that is. Then everything just goes haywire.
Yeah, I'll never quite understand why George Lucas decided to set the Prequels when he did. Of course that man isn't 45! And all he had to do was change a date. Weird.
John Bolton's new book explains how Donald Trump thought Finland was part of Russia...
Such a brilliant game. I think it still looks nice today! I was so hyped for it coming out originally and it really didn't disappoint. The mod community has been active ever since, so you'll find Kylo Ren models, levels from the OT and PT and all sorts of amazing stuff to keep you entertained once you've finished the game.
Well I would disagree that having a style means you're doing something 'for the sake of it'. I don't think Tarantini, for example, has violence in his movies 'just for the sake of it' and I don't think Christopher Nolan movies challenge rather than cater to their audience just for the sake of it, either. Evidently, we liked or disliked things in The Last Jedi because of different tastes, but it think it's going too far to dismiss the filmmakers like that.
That stuff isn't *needed* though. It's just fan stuff where we always want to know more about the context and the backstory. But whatever Snoke has told Kylo about Anakin isn't important to the central story of these films.
Of course not. Plenty of people liked those movies and they are what they are, just as the Prequels and the Originals. Remaking them is a ludicrous idea which nobody would ever take seriously!
And most of that is just a meme circle jerk.
It's basically like a religion now. EVERYTHING these people dislike or any misstep with Star Wars will be traced back to The Last Jedi and we'll never hear the end of it.
It'd be so weird of Lucasfilm to bundle it's mainstream TV hit in with a kids show like that. Like is The Force Awakens decided to lean heavily upon the lore and characters from Caravan of Courage, or something.
Truth. I've been a fan for 30 years and I struggle to get through episodes of the cartoons. Does anyone really expect me to be able to get my friends to sit around and watch a children's cartoon?!?! Some people really need to get out of the Reddit bubble.
You seem rather concerned about me not liking that childrens cartoon. I think there are PLENTY of scenes better than that one in Rebels, which shouldn't really be a big surprise to you as I already said I'm not a fan of the cartoon. Soooo... let's see... hmm... the opening scene of The Force Awakens in the village on Jakku is better, there's one.
&gt; You do realize that The Mandalorian has been referring to, and building out of, The Clone Wars and Rebels all along, right? The Siege of Mandalore, the conflict between Death Watch and Dooku's Separatists, what happened after this scene in Rebels... It hasn't though, really, has it? If you know about all fo that stuff, then great, you get the Easter Eggs. However, the story doesn't rely on any knowledge of the cartoon stuff whatsoever. Nobody needs to know a thing about the Siege of Mandalor or the Death Watch at all in order to follow or even have a very strong grasp of the story being told in the show. &gt; ... and the Darksaber, itself. If you're unfamiliar with the two earlier shows, you have no idea what the big deal is about the last scene in Season 1, why the dramatic music, and so on. Here's some live fan reactions to that scene, to give you an idea of how big a deal that scene is... The last scene with the Darksaber is pretty cool, but you're talking about *fan reaction* again. That's not the mainstream appeal I'm talking about, is it? There are plenty of people who only have a casualinterest in Star Wars who watched and enjoyed The Mandalorian and for whom things like the Darksaber mean nothing. My point is that having the show lean too heavily on stuff the mainstream audience doesn't know or care about would be a bad move. It's great to add that stuff in for the fans who care, though. &gt;It's the third in an interlocking series of TV shows. Oh, Solo was a sequel to The Clone Wars, and Rogue One a sequel to Rebels. The Clone Wars and Rebels are the source of most of the mythology and lore in the Star Wars universe, at this point. I appreciate the point and I think it's great that it all feels connected to you. However, no, Solo was not a 'sequel to the Clone Wars' and Rogue One was certainly not a Rebels sequel. That's just not how those films were made whatsoever. However, again, I think it's great if they work for you on a grander connected level.
I came here to say this. Never before have I seen an 'ask' thread where the answer came to me so quickly. It's absolutely dire and I can't get the appeal. You'll get the punchline to a 'joke' and then the program fades to black, ready for the next scene consisting of massively telegraphed and obvious jokes. I can't believe it got as big as it did. When I watched it, I felt like I was writing the show as I went, it's THAT cliche and obvious.
Yeah what next? A bar?
That book is insane!
Anakin is incredibly stupid, but he's not alone in the Prequels! The rest of the Jedi are equally as stupid, I'd say. Or their stupidity is make worse because they're supposed to be so wise. Dooku outright tells Obi Wan that the Senate is controlled by a Sith lord. Obi Wan has just found out that the Clone Army and Jango Fett have been commissioned by the mysterious Tyrannus, which, let's face it, is a pretty Sithy name. Oh, and who does Jango Fett hang out with? Oh yeah, Count Dooku! But despite all of this, the Clone Army shows up and is placed under the control of the Sith-Controlled Senate which is led by a shady dude who keeps getting re-elected, clearly has ulterior motives for wanting the war to continue, is "surrounded by the dark side' and likes to spend as much time as possible with the conflicted and easily manipulated 'Chosen One'. And not once does any of this seem fishy to Obi Wan or any other Jedi. They're just like, "Politics, eh? Crazy".
He could take it back though. He just decided to double down and go and slaughter some kids because he's evil now. It's really badly done.
That's not fake news by any stretch of the imagination.
If that's something you're interested in, then you're doing great getting started early! Keep working at it and you'll get there. Accents can be really tough, but you've made a really good start.
I think it should be given to 3PO. "Did you fucking hear that?" "R2, you know better than to fuck a strange computer!" TLJ: "Master *fucking* Luke!"
The first time I saw the film, I wasn't really sure what to think. There was a lot to take in. but one thing that I did know I really liked was Rose. She's very likeable. She's unassuming. She's a regular person who joins the fight. She's not a super-trained elite warrior. She's not a badass. She's not some like, mega-hot Meghan Fox-type character who is is high-kicking Stormtroopers in the head and quipping about how girls can be tough. I really liked her, and still do. Yeah, that one line was cheesy as hell, but it's not even top 20 cheesiest lines in Star Wars and it does sum-up the difference in thinking between the good and the bad guys. I also think she was criminally wasted in TROS in a way that I really can't square. What was the thinking behind getting rid of her almost completely? Okay, maybe we have two new characters to introduce in Zorri Bliss and Jannah, so let's keep Rose back at the base doing her engineering/nerdy stuff. But then *that* role was then taken by Dominic Monaghan's character so it's hard not to feel like Rose was just done dirty. Now as for the hate she gets... I'm not saying that people who disliked the character do so *because* she's played by a female Asian actor, but I do think that her gender and ethnicity made her more of a target for criticism and let people dismiss her as being part of an agenda or metting some 'SJW' quote. And that sort of 'criticism' is, of course, 'problematic' and influenced by racism and sexism, even if unconsciously.
I think that having 3 would have been fine, though. It's bringing back JJ that screwed it all in the end.
Y'know, I made that comment so short because I was heading out, but dude, you totally lived one of my teenage dreams! Pantera was a special band. They promoted values that I'm glad to still hold to this day. They were inclusive, they were honest and direct and they played music with purpose. The love definitely does run deep!
Hopefully, yeah. Jon Favreau is a good director, but his films are pretty average paint-by-numbers affairs, aren't they? I'm not sure the dude who brought us Cowboy's Vs. Aliens, two CGI-plodding remakes of Disney cartoons, a rubbish Iron Man 2 and the extremely dodgy Jumanji in Space is some kind of saviour who is going to make some great Star Wars trilogy. The Mandalorian is a lot of fun, but it's nothing too special. It's got its high points, but it also drags in places. It was a good, fun show without being anything special. Baby Yoda is a huge hit, though. Dave Filoni is an animation guy. He's proven he hasd an audience for his cartoon work and it'll be a while before he can make a movie let alone a trilogy. His episode of The Mandalorian stunk and was the worst episode of the series by quite some distance. He's a talented guy who tells Star Wars stories which appeal to a certain segment of the audience, but that doesn't qualify him for making a movie trilogy! Let's not get silly, now. And Kathleen Kennedy has made a shit-ton of money for Lucasfilm and Disney. Four out of the five films released under her have made over $1billion dollars. She greenlit The Mandalorian and Season 7 of The Clone Wars. She gave Taika Waititi a Star Wars film. She's bringing back Ewan McGregor for a Kenobi show. There are multiple Star Wars movies and TV shows on the slate and she's the one leading the way. Even in the things you listed, there's more that you say you like than dislike! Rian Johnson is also, evidently, well trusted. He worked more closely with the Lucasfilm Story Group than any of the director's we've seen so far. He was the only person who actually managed to deliver a Star Wars film from start to finish that was how it was supposed to be. By all accounts, everyone LOVED working with him.... and his film made $1.3billion dollars and performed really well on home video. He ticked all of the boxes and no small minority of grumpy and salty nerds whinging on the internet is going to change any of that. Things can always change, but for now, the movies are announced, he's the writer-director and if you don't like it, then that's absolutely fine. There'll be plenty of other Star Wars material for you to watch.
Vader was ruined. The Jedi were ruined. The Clone Wars were ruined The Force was ruined. All of these things were said back then and are still criticisms of the Prequels today. Your argument is based on misunderstanding, ignorance or just a lack of integrity. I'd guess one of the first two.
There's this narrative which is being spread (honestly, it feels like without much thought) that says that everyone knows that the Prequels are a great story marred by bad writing and acting. The reality is that it was the story which was the major problem from day one! Dodgy dialogue and acting are not new to Star Wars! They've been features since 1977 and are things fans can easily forgive if they're part of telling a good story. But the story of the Prequels let a lot of people down and that's why they didn't like it. Revisionist takes need to be corrected.
Wasn't that the Remain tactic?
There were plenty of dramatic moments without any comedy or humour.
Dude, you been on this sub for a while. You know this has been explained countless times. You know that the message of the film is *not* 'let the last die'. Yet here you are once again pedalling this nonsense. At this point it just looks like you're a bad faith actor or someone who is just too stubborn to accept that they have had read something wrong. Either way, it's really tired and boring now.
You mean Jon Favreau? The showrunner and head writer for The Mandalorian?
You can have an opinion but it seems rather uninformed, which would be my issue. Transphobic comments which may fulfil the requirements for hate speech should certainly be investigated. Again, you seem to be getting worked up over nothing.
No. Not assumptions. Facts, mate. I don't tweet and if I did, I certainly wouldn't be tweeting hate speech. You may feel oppressed because your capacity for spreading damaging and hateful speech is being limited, but I couldn't care less. You've just got yourself worked up about something you know next to nothing about and sound like someone leaving comments of the Daily Mail website.
As I said before, he's a great resource to have as he knows so much and learned a lot of Lucas. He's not the *creative* guru because he's not the one out there creating things. He's a brilliant sounding board to bounce ideas off and to give suggestions, though. It's way overblown to paint him as Lucas 2.0, however. He's a talented creative when it comes to animation but he's far from being a visionary filmmaker like Lucas.
You've misunderstood what I'm saying, a little. Everything you just posted is what I was also saying. But George Lucas wasn't just an 'oracle'. He was a visionary filmmaker, not someone who visionary filmmakers used to bounce ideas off. Yeah, Filoni gets what George Lucas was about, but he's a long, long, loooooong way from being George 2.0. More than a Pablo Hidalgo, for sure, but less than a groundbreaking director with grand creative visions.
Nobody worth paying attention to is saying sex isn't biological. Nobody but the most extreme people would ever argue against the existence of X and Y chromosomes and their resulting biological traits. J.K. Rowling is being criticised for quite a bit more than that as she's of the belief that trans women somehow devalue being a woman, which I very much disagree with. I agree with you that decoupling gender and sex is a very difficult thing to accomplish. Let's not deny biology here, y'know? Most males are going to identify as men and most females as women. That's just how it is and there are reasons for that that would be silly to deny. But I don't think that should stop us from accepting that the outer edges of these concepts are fuzzy, and therefore we can accommodate the people that lie there. Marriage was always between a man and a woman and that's different now. We progress because we learn more about people and are more willing to listen. It's never easy. Homosexuality has always been around yet it took a long time for society to accept that. It's the same with transgenderism. It's there. It's always been there and we've repressed it as a society. And now that's starting to change. Some people struggle with that and that's okay. But what isn't okay is trying to stop that change just because it makes one feel uncomfortable. That's not fair when these are changes that harm nobody and improve the quality of life for thousands upon thousands.
I spent the last 6 years living in a third world country. I'd rather live there than in America. America is fucking weird.
I'll probably go 4, 5, 6 and leave it there for a while. Then I'll add 7, 8 and 9 and then 1, 2 and 3 and the spin-offs.
Well, different opinions, and all that... I do think the Force Awakens did a great job of bringing some energy and excitement back to Star Wars after the rather plodding Prequels, but TLJ just has so much more soul to it. TFA brings lots of Star Wars things back to the screen, but TLJ brought back the feel, I think.
No they didn't. Seriously, just accept this. Jon Favreau is the showrunner, Dave Filoni is an exec. producer. There's a difference. And Dave Filoni wasn't responsible for 'wrangling directors' and making the storyline fit. Guys, I get that some of you really love Dave Filoni but you go way too far into believing he's at the centre of everything and is some sort of creative genius without whom Star Wars would be doomed. But that just isn't the case. You're just failing to give credit where it's due because you would *rather* give it to Filoni.
Nope. I'm with you. I think that TPM is by far the best looking of the three Prequels. There was definitely a change in aesthetics when the production moved to Australia for the second two movies. The sets in that film are great and it all feels a bit more tactile than 2 and 3, maybe because there was heavier use of green screen in those films.
He wrote the scripts, pitched the show and came up with the story. Yet people on here want to give Dave Filoni all the credit. It's just weird.
I was definitely only half joking. I can see that Hook article now...
This shit is utterly INSANE. It just blows my mind that prescription drugs can be advertised like this. O saw one the other day for an anti-depressant and the commercial just straight up says that depressed women make bad mothers. It was totally fucked and made me feel really bad for any woman with depression has such manipulative shit being spewed at them from the TV. How about you just see your doctor and let them be professionals rather than relying on the commercials you see during Dr. Phil?
Yeah. You seem to be confused between someone being a source of Star Wars knowledge with 'wrangling directors', which would be something completely different. Same with 'making the storyline fit'. He was a valuable voice to have in the production, no doubt. There's just no need to exaggerate that into some sort of role equal to the person who wrote the story, came up with the idea and the characters and acted as showrunner, which is what's happening here.
I really enjoyed him up until TROS. In that movie he just felt the same as he did in TFA.
Well, some people also feign ignorance on purpose. I'm not really sure what was difficult to grasp about any of Kylo Ren, really.
