The Rams announced early on this week that they were going to rest their starters. I imagine that a lot of fans unloaded their tickets after that.
https://youtu.be/3KquFZYi6L0
\#FightForLA...
Damn, once the Cardinals find their guy, 3/4 of the NFC West will have turned over their coaching staffs in a little over a year. If the Cardinals make a good hire, this might be the most competitive division in the league in a couple years.
[That isn't correct.](https://www.si.com/nba/2017/08/31/lakers-500k-fine-tampering-paul-george) &gt;The NBA charges that Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka—a former NBA agent—engaged in tampering through communications about George with George’s agent, Aaron Mintz. The NBA further contends that Pelinka’s communications were, in effect, the second instance of the Lakers tampering in hopes of landing George. On April 20, Lakers president Magic Johnson appeared on the Jimmy Kimmel Live show and, in a light-hearted way, discussed his interest in signing George. Following Johnson’s interview, the NBA warned the Lakers that its officials must stop engaging in external communications about George. It appears Pelinka didn’t heed the NBA’s warning.
Mark Jackson is helping our pitch to PG lmao
Aren't you a mod? Lol
Yeah, I love the Lakers, but I can't say the same about the fans. That's why I hardly come here anymore.
We had a very good chance of drafting Kuzma with our 28th pick. The Russell trade allowed us to deal the 28th pick and net Hart and Bryant. Personally, I would have rather kept Russell, since his trade only makes sense if we are able to sign two max players with the cap space it afforded us.
Yup, the only facet of this organization I have complete faith in is our scouting department. However, their expert player evaluation won't mean much if the management keeps trading away assets for cap space they might not even need.
With how our front office keeps talking about how certain players are on the trading block to clear cap space, I think this piece would have been written regardless of LaVar's antics. We had a highly publicized team meeting regarding the dysfunction and constant focus on the future less than two weeks ago.
Our drive and kick game is 🔥 rn
Holy shit, Brook can't miss
Even Bill sounded surprised lol
Where would Kuzma be taken in a re-draft?
I aspire to reach this level of petty.
Get more fans
LeGone
Lol that Sikh dude behind the basket is lit
But...why?
Lonzo is on fire toinght! Boy, if he learns how to score, it's over
Wow, I didn't know we were last in FT%... Oof
I knew we were bad, but I didn't know we were dead last lol
Shit, someone make him do more interviews
Christ, catch the ball
[Lmao](https://i.redd.it/qyi5xnx4sk901.jpg)
&gt; Hating Lonzo is like hating Michael Jackson because of Joe Jackson. This might be the most apt description of the situation I've seen.
I'm pretty sure the vast majority of us believe that the Earth is round and that dinosaurs existed lol
That's not true, Celtics fans were pretty pissed on here when they traded back in the draft.
Ah, okay, it makes a lot more sense with the comma lol
No
LeBron looks like such a little bitch when he complains lol
Damn, stupid pass by Curry
I was speaking more to how Cleveland absolutely wasted the first seven years of his career.
LeBron reminds me of Aaron Rodgers in that regard; both should definitely have more than one championship with their respective teams, even though it's obviously more difficult in the NFL.
Completely unrelated, but shouldn't Hart be in the banner along with the other young guys? He was one of the few bright spots tonight, and I can certainly see him being a fixture on the team in the long term. I know I can't exactly say the same about Randle, JC, and Nance with all of the trade rumors, even though I don't agree with dealing them unless we know for a fact that two max players are coming.
What kind of neckbeard shit is this? Lmao
I mean, y'all haven't won shit, either lol
Every former Celtic from the "Big Three" era is just a petty ass bitch. You would think they had brought multiple titles to Boston the way they talk, instead of just one in the last 32 years. Maybe they're all just insecure about not winning more, despite being on the first super team of the modern era.
https://twitter.com/NickAshooh/status/953782923555205120
Luke is starting Ennis, so yeah...
Really sloppy passes so far, ugh
Hart is so good defensively, man
Jesse Buss and Ryan West are incredible
Wait, didn't The Ringer curse Jordan Bell recently?
*Must be on that white like Othello*
Why are you so cringey?
I think he meant that Fultz signed up for all the attention he's receiving, negative or otherwise.
The fuck? Fultz signed up for the pressure as soon as he declared for the draft lol. His agent and his team must have told him that he was going to be a high draft pick in this class, and that he had a very good chance of going number one. The media was hailing him as the number one pick at the beginning of last year. He knew what he was signing up for.
I knew what this was going to be before I clicked on it lol
It obviously wasn't a guarantee, but we had a very good chance of drafting him with our 28th pick instead of the 27th pick.
Ennis continues to start and test my will to live
Hey, how do you play it in Chrome with that extension?
https://dbr.ee/H4lc
I don't see any need for Ennis to start anymore while Lonzo is out.
Wait, why didn't that count?
Where the fuck has this Clarkson been the last month?
Make your fucking FTs, it's not that hard. 1-13 is pathetic.
Holy shit, we're making history tonight, boys! Lmao
We really needed this win tonight, man. GG.
Yeah, you lost to our veteran PG, Alex Caruso lol
&gt; Lakers lose momentum and miss the playoffs Only on this sub are people delusional enough to think we had a shot at the playoffs this year.
Even if we were fully healthy and didn't have to lose any players this year, do you think we'd be better than the Nuggets, Clippers, Pelicans, or Blazers? I don't. Realistically, I think we finish with the 10th or 11th seed if Lonzo comes back soon and we don't lose many other guys to injury for the remainder of the season.
This is quite a pivot from the front office's comments in June, when [Magic said, "I wouldn't have made that move if I didn't think I could use that money."](https://twitter.com/jadande/status/878379664481206272) I guess signing two max free agents isn't as easy as they thought.
And if KCP doesn't go to jail lol
Congrats, guys! This team deserves so much better than Kidd.
Even with that stat line, the Pelicans barely beat the Bulls smh. What the fuck is wrong with that team?
"Orangutan saves friend from drowning." Lol
You guys don't even have our pick outright lol
Thank God, I wanted that one so damn badly. We HAVE to work on our fucking free throws, though lol
https://youtu.be/RksQdwA-uiE
Lonzo and Kuzma finished sixth and tenth, respectively, in fan voting this year. Can you imagine how many votes they'll get when we're actually good again?
[This one will work, too.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DUSGR1lWkAEmGfU.jpg)
Holy shit, he even looks like Lonzo there lol. I'd like to think Zo is a better rapper, though.
I can't believe I'm seeing Zee TV mentioned on this sub lmao
Keep your game winners lol. Lonzo still surpasses Fox by nearly every advanced metric.
Nah, but he's certainly the better player lol
Fox is a better scorer than Lonzo right now, but he's barely more efficient. Meanwhile, Lonzo beats Fox handily in assist to turnover ratio, PER, Win Shares, and VORP. Lonzo is also already one of the best defensive point guards in the league at 20, while Fox is one of the worst. It's not close, dude.
Yo, [this shirt](https://lakersstore.com/collections/city-edition/products/los-angeles-lakers-city-edition-team-t-shirt?variant=6025812705315) is 🔥🔥🔥. I really hope they restock soon.
Smh, we never should have waived him.
I have no idea why Luke insists on starting Ennis when Caruso has been playing like this.
Kuzma is so damn smooth with that turn, it's incredible.
Please don't let Ennis back into this game.
Nance has been ass tonight smh
But, then we face the Magic 😁
https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/957099809269342208 &gt; There's significant fear within Pelicans that DeMarcus Cousins' Achilles injury is serious. Initial diagnosis "doesn't look good," one source tells ESPN.
Yeah, it must have sold out earlier this morning, because it was already sold out when I checked.
So...you do care lol
Kanter is so wack lol
You can assume 😏
Nah, all credit obviously goes to LaVar ^^/s
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Smith_(basketball)#Timberwolves_salary_cap_scandal
They don't use him off-ball enough, where he excels.
I said, babe, man's not hot!
Lopez' decision making has been so ass tonight smh
Bruh, you're a Grizzlies fan lmao
Of course our shots start falling with three minutes left smh
I'd rather see Brewer get minutes over Ennis at this point. Luke pls
Why is Pink still a thing?
Lol that's hilarious, it might actually be good
Lol said a lot of people, she had one of the biggest songs of the year
Lmao y'all really thought they were going to give AOTY to a rap album? The Grammys are trash and always will be.
Did your flair get even bigger recently?
Exactly. Most people who talk about trading AD don't consider what it would do to the financial viability of the franchise. The Pelicans already play in the second smallest market in the league with middling attendance. Blowing the team up would tank their ticket and merch sales even further, and would kill any leverage they have when it's time to renegotiate their TV deal. Like Duncan said, trading AD would put any GM on a fast track to getting fired.
Smh why were Magic and Pelinka so arrogant? They literally had the GOAT NBA executive knocking on their door and they rejected him because they didn't want him to steal any of the limelight.
Exactly. He and/or Pelinka didn't want to share the limelight.
Giannis is so pure, he must be protected.
The 🅱🅱🅱 effect
It's nice to be a title contender again.
I don't think there's any doubt that we will; he's guaranteed to get into the HOF.
Don't read Facebook comments.
Ah, I hadn't seen that video; I don't know if that attitude extended to Luke, though. I know he commented on his leadership a lot, but it seems like he knew Russell was still a developing young player who came with his ups and downs, just like the rest of our young guys.
I still can't believe the Cavs *gave up* a first-round pick in that trade lol
Lmao this Lonzo commercial
Lit
HOLY FUUUCKKK
Just give Curry the Finals MVP right now, my goodness
Lol
Wow, I thought he wasn't even going to make the list. Very impressive!
ACAB
Y'all have time to jump to conclusions, tho
Welp, there's always the JBA lol
I still can't believe Nick Young is going to be an NBA champion.
Imagine if the Cavs didn't trade Kyrie smh
Idk, KD looks pretty validated to me
I'm waiting for LeBron to rip off his jersey like in '10 again.
Facts
Why would I hope *off* the bandwagon when they're good again? If you're going to try to roast someone, at least make sense lol
[Lmao](https://twitter.com/LakersSBN/status/1005287030014631942)
Exactly lol
Houston is a decent city, but the weather makes it seem like it's the devil's ass crack and the constant threat of flooding prevents me from ever wanting to live there.
Because he's a blowhard and an attention whore lol. This should be clear by now.
That was really good, I have to use that sometime lol
Man, someone's gotta tell PG that Palmdale is not LA lol. I'll take it, though 😄
IT'S HAPPENING!!!
Good
Jidenna's dumbass already compared him to Malcolm lmao
Why the fuck do we have to respect the dead, especially if they were violent, unrepentant, psychopaths? Fuck him and everyone who supported him and continues to do so.
Tank that trade value, boi
I'm one of them. Good luck.
Imagine passing on Doncic for De'Aaaron fucking Fox lmao
Why would they not try to trade back with a team that really wants Doncic and pick up some assets along the way? Classic Kings lol
I thought it was just my app lol
Never doubt the Logo
He's not wrong.
Lmao
Like, a literal alarm?
Oof
Pls no
&gt; One bad apple doesn't mean the whole bushel is spoiled. I mean, I understand the metaphor, but one bad apple quite literally does "spoil the whole bunch." As an apple ripens, it releases ethylene, which acts as a ripening agent for any surrounding apples. One overripe apple can release enough ethylene to push the fruit around it to ripen and eventually rot, with enough time.
Oof, he pulled a Jim Buss lol. This better mean that he knows PG and/or LeBron are coming.
Thank goodness the Midwest was fucked up in the 70s.
Hard pass
Sounds like Magic doesn't feel pressure 😉
Leggo boys
[Source] lmfao
I forgot he existed.
What a salty-ass bitch lol
I mean...
&gt; “If I hug you I might just want more.” Okay, that's creepy.
Damn, Morey has a really fat head.
&gt; A team in LA that already doesn’t even support the two teams it has [Really?](https://twitter.com/ArashMarkazi/status/1064746516877733888)
Eat my ass, Spurs fans 😘
Thank you, I love Wade so much lol
Stuffed!
I love playing against the Spurs lol
Fr
Fuck these refs smh
Can someone drive to the rim, please?
Lonzo is 0-5 from 3 tonight...yikes
It's so nice to blow out a team that isn't the Suns or the Kings for a change.
How the hell does Houston have one point?
That's actually ingenious lol
I love you, OP lol
He's also the same GM who swapped picks with the 76ers *and* traded them an unprotected first-round pick for Arturas Gudaitis and Luka Mitrovic to clear cap space which they ultimately spent on Rondo, Belinelli, and Koufos. Vlade might not be one of the worst GMs in the league anymore, but he's had his fair share of missteps.
This 41-year-old father of three swore on his dead mother because someone dissed a shoe company he works for. What a clown 🤡
Of course he's wearing a Jamal Murray jersey lol
I think he meant Harden has made more free throws than field goals in his career. 5781 FT vs. 5585 FG, including playoffs.
What kind of fake woke garbage is this? Kyrie is such a dumbass lol
&gt; I don't wanna be a walking advertisement. Fam, you're advertising whatever team you support whenever you wear their jerseys or any other attire they sell.
The Rockets would have to give up a lot of assets to trade him.
[That boy ain't right.](https://youtu.be/FMBWOMtNvUw)
LeBron + Zubac &gt; Magic + Kareem, tbh
Lord, please grant me the strength and confidence of a rich white man facing felony assault charges.
Lord, please grant me the strength and confidence of a rich white man facing felony assault charges.
Hey, that was art.
\#Holocaust
It will be ripped within hours either way.
This is a fantastic win, but I really hope LeBron is okay and that he doesn't miss a lot of time. We have a stretch of tough games coming up and the West is a blood bath.
Fuck, we almost got road tacos.
Thank God 🙏
[He's good.](https://www.twitter.com/ChrisBHaynes/status/1077765711773151232)
Lol
Lonzo is so fucking good when he's aggressive. I wish he played like this all the time.
Drake definitely fucked this man's wife.
Is KD expected to come back this series? GS is going to need him.
Someone link that Twitter video of that kid shitting on Lowry while lying on the floor lol
Wtf was that lol
It's cus it almost hit the ref lol
Okay, yeah that's off Draymond.
You gotta foul.
Give Dre another FMVP for that shot.
JVG is hot garbage, too. Just have Doris and Breen.
He looks like shit the way he's dressed and he's a public figure. The vitriol is warranted.
I have two words for these refs: electric chair.
"Old Town Road" will never get old.
Is this Wipeout with golf?
Raptors aren't letting them back in, got dayum
I'm being serious. DeMar has talked publicly about his struggles with depression in the past, and having someone to talk to can be invaluable. I look forward to talking with my therapist about stupid shit, so I can't imagine how the Raptors' playoff success without him is weighing on his mind.
Yike
It's over. Your 2019 NBA champions, the Toronto Raptors!
That better not be his Achilles, man, that's a legend in his prime :(
Nigga, what?
Lol no they weren't and you know it.
Exactly, anyone who argues otherwise is on crack lol
Classless pieces of shit smh. That's a goddamn legend in his prime; when he goes down, all of basketball suffers.
Okay, time for a quick poop.
Fuck...
Lol
Oh fuck, this ain't over yet!
HOLY FUCK
What a fucking comeback by the Splash Bros, though. Got damn!
Man, fuck, I have a final on Friday... I needed this shit over tonight.
Agreed lol
Just so you know, multiple groups of people can be human garbage simultaneously. Raptors fans who cheered for KD's injury are human garbage. Nike executives who allow their factory workers to be exploited are human garbage. Mark Cuban is human garbage for allowing sexual harassment and assault occur under his watch. &gt; When did I defend Lebron's partnership with nike? When did *I* defend any of the random shit you brought up?
I can't see Pelinka ever taking responsibility for something like this. He would be so eager to pass the buck.
Bro, people in Toronto are really showing themselves to be scumbags the last few days. Going after Steph's mom? WTF
Why does Reddit have so many damn awards you can give posts and comments now?
You're both wrong. The NBA has already investigated any possible financial connections between LeBron and Klutch Sports and didn't find anything.
Kuz's shooting regressed last year, his defense is still largely ass, and every other member of the young core showed why they can be valuable on a title contender. Lonzo and Ingram are easily better than him.
This is kind of bad, ngl
LOOOOOL
A shittier fan base couldn't have won.
Okay, now let's trade AD to the Lakers, pls.
On average, a Gasol brother wins an NBA title 312 days after leaving the Grizzlies.
Wait, does this mean that the Drake and Paul Pierce curses are broken?
Remind me why Jeanie didn't give Masai Ujiri a blank check to be our GM going forward?
Jeremy Lin got a ring before Melo, you hate to see it.
Omg Masai is tearing up 😭
This is terrible news, fuck. That being said, if we trade for AD, we can legitimately make a run for a title NEXT YEAR. If we land AD and another max FA, oh lawd. The west is wide fucking open next season.
Doris really would have been the GOAT if she asked that, though.
I still don't understand how all the exceptions work.
ACAB
I wonder how he feels working for Trump.
Anti-Israel doesn't equal anti-Semitic.
We just traded for AD lol
I know we all hate Dwight around here, but don't discount his prime like that. He took Orlando to the Finals over an MVP LeBron with practically no one else of note on his team.
So, Rob is a retarded amateur and got schooled by Griffin. Sounds about right.
That's not even how it sounded lmfao
You. Hate. To. See. It.
Neither.
What a stupid fucking question.
Yeah, I've been on vacation and there has been way too many news stories and memes I've missed over the last two weeks.
Oh lol
Cry more.
Lol then what happened?
🍿
Yeah, but when we talk about decades, we refer to them as the 70s, 80s, 90s, 00s, 10s, etc. The 2010s were from 2010-2019. Who tf says the 202nd decade?
Happy New Year! 🥳
Playing for the Lakers really hits different, huh?
As he should 😤
Thank God there are a lot of other idiots out there willing to die for this stupid country.
Pull the trigger, Rob.
You're dumb. Bogi is way better than Kuz is this season and he's a RFA. There's no reason why we can't sign Collison after the trade.
He's nearly 4% better from 3 this season and he's a better defender. We'd lose some defensive depth at SF, but I think the team can make up for that collectively.
Lmao
He still provides some size at the wing and he's been a better defender this season.
Bogi can easily be moved if we need to make space in 2021.
When did I say I think they'd take the deal? Learn how to read, please.
Fuck Portis's dirty ass smh
I'm surprised you expended energy on him. These people are fucking retarded.
Farce? If a woman close to you ever gets raped, I really hope she doesn't come to you for help.
You guys might be retarded lol
Inb4 people start saying we're better without AD
We better not end up blowing a 22-point lead, man...
Ball don't lie.
/r/deadbedrooms
Cry more, Carlisle 😭😭😭
I wonder what the percentage is since the pace and space era started.
Who fixed Caruso's hair? Lol
19-point lead from our back-ups lmao
Kuzma is officially back, holy shit
How did we not get any plays in the Top 10? Smh
30-point lead!!!
Eat a dick, Carroll lol
Amen
GG, Green Bay. Now kick the Niners' ass next week.
Seto is kind of a lot older.
ACAB, forever.
That's it?? JFC
Sexton is really hot garbage, huh? Yeesh.
Garland is really good.
Okay can we take out all the starters now and put in Antetokounpo?
Both of our centers have a higher 3P% than Ben Simmons does lol
I'd like our enemies to not think of our president as an incompetent laughingstock.
Everyone should, really.
This is why you never donate to any politician.
Damn, I didn't know his fame extended to /r/baseball lol
Caruso is probably more impactful than like half of the Suns roster lol. It's not my fault you guys have no fans. Thanks for reminding me to vote for AC again, btw.
He's been off the shits since the beginning of 2018. This isn't surprising at all.
I wonder how much it hurts to fall on hardwood.
Incredible pass!
Shut the fuck up, JVG. You can't hold AC's jock.
Fuck Hitler lol
Well, he is our best player, so...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Really good win without AD tonight. Let's kick the Celtics' ass on Monday.
That was still before the Candace Owens and Trump shit, though.
The NYT is a shitty fucking rag now, smh. What happened to them?
https://youtu.be/_KlulA4PI0g
Impending violence lmao
I'm happy with the way things turned out 😊
We've had so many stars play for us, it's not even funny. They didn't even show Shaq for some reason lol
Lmao
I think you can download the Athletic app and they'll let you read a few articles for free.
We've never had a legit rivalry with the Suns.
What kind of package would it take to get Rose?
Damn, we've hardly played eastern teams at all so far.
Both of these City jerseys are bad lol
I fucking love this team, omg
Ayy, uhh, try not to land on your ass, AD.
Bruh
Boston fans kind of look exactly how I thought they would.
Flagrant
You sound mad.
Definitely out on Boston.
Pathetic lol
Jesus, you people are stupid.
Reddit gonna racist
Democrats are the fucking worst.
The second they add ads, I'm out.
I thought this was /r/circlejerk at first.
They're probably cheap af compared to other teams'.
Good shit, Trae deserved to start.
Nets Girls are hood af
AD is missing a lot of bunnies the last few games.
Maybe he shouldn't have come back so soon, then 🤷
Green is going into Deadshot mode.
Why didn't Kuz attack the rim??
DUDZZZ
Kuz is straight ASS tonight.
Holy shit, Sean Marks is tall af
I love how we can flip the switch like it's nothing.
Because I won't give him $20? Lol I'll still vote for him, but he's not getting my money.
I really don't see him returning to Cleveland for a second time.
You're right, we do that by shitting on the people of color and members of the LGBTQ+ community who already support Bernie by enthusiastically touting the support of a misogynistic, transphobic, racist piece of shit.
Fans should absolutely want that because Covington is a far superior player than Kuzma is at this point in their respective careers.
Seriously. Those are the same people who are saying we shouldn't expect our candidates to pass purity tests. As if criticizing using Rogan in an ad is expecting Bernie to be "pure" lol
I don't know if this is true for all avocados, but keeping the Costco ones in a brown paper bag in the fridge ripen them pretty quickly and they seem to last for a really long time.
This would have taken you two seconds to Google: https://twitter.com/GRYKING/status/1220609086116564993?s=19 https://twitter.com/GRYKING/status/1220611404996206592?s=19
Bruh
That looks like a girl to me lmao
Really stupid for the 6ers to be wasting fouls like this in the first half.
We might be frauds 🤷🏽‍♂️
If she doesn't win, imma cry. Edit: I just listened to "California" and I cried anyway.
I can't imagine how all the players feel today, having known him and having played against him. So damn heartbreaking. 💔
They shouldn't film this, man. Let him grieve in private.
Why doesn't every state do this? At least the liberal ones, anyway.
It would not.
The leaks started after Mitch, Jim, and John Black were fired. Before that, guys like Woj wouldn't even know who our draft picks were going to be.
Seriously lol. People are acting like some franchise secrets were revealed. Oram didn't even mention specifics about what people said in their speeches.
Seeing all the other teams reply with 💜💛 is beautiful. 😢
If we don't get a secondary ball-handler and a bigger wing defender, we're not winning shit this year.
I don't have enough time for a better response right now, but: https://twitter.com/Tim_NBA/status/1222985953117163521?s=19 https://twitter.com/Tim_NBA/status/1222986570426462214?s=19 Bjelica is such an upgrade over Kuzma, it's not even funny. I hope Pelinka is just waiting to see how the market develops over the next few days, but that trade is a clear win for us. Especially because Sacramento was willing to throw in a pick!
Booker still deserved it over him, but I'm not gonna lie, it's pretty funny that he got overlooked for another year lol
Would you rather the surplus go to the billionaires who own the teams?
What the fuck happened?
Lmao you hate to see it.
They should never cover our banners or retired numbers.
Well, he's not, so... This feels like when Houston sent the league their report about how the refs "robbed" them of a title in 2018 lol. Or like when their Twitter tried to make the case for Harden as the MVP last year, *immediately* after Giannis won 😂
We were 25-23 when the All-Star starters were announced last year.
He's fragile af, damn.
\#KANGZ
The iPhone 11 Pro starts at $999. Where the hell are you getting $1500 from? Also, who was being racist to you?
The 2020 base MBP with 16 GB RAM should be fine and will probably last you a lot longer than a 2020 Air will.
Don't care, ACAB.
Napear has said subtly racist shit for years. It's about time he goes.
There is no "BLM organization." And, yes.
Who is "their"? When people say "Black Lives Matter", they're not referring to any central organization. How do you not understand this?
I really hope you guys get rid of this racist scumbag.
Chill lmao. Maybe the people who use \#BLM don't want to dilute the message opposing police brutality by including other issues. Have you ever thought of that? Also, you realize that the vast majority of people using the hashtag oppose vandalizing small businesses, right?
Damn. Bagley will end up being the Kings' worst draft pick ever if he drives Fox out of town.
Copaganda.
Please don't post copaganda.
These are some pretty comprehensive threads and compilations of police brutality and misconduct: https://twitter.com/greg_doucette/status/1266751520055459847?s=20 https://twitter.com/chadloder/status/1266952661791674370?s=20 https://twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1267531005663023104?s=20 This is the full footage of the Washington DC attack earlier today: https://twitter.com/Urquwill/status/1267618648203689985?s=20 This is a thread of journalists being arrested tonight: https://twitter.com/uspresstracker/status/1267653318400184325?s=20
That video is an amazing lol
I know. It's ~$97 more than what I was going to pay, but it still comes out cheaper than any of the Best Buy models after taxes and AppleCare+ are factored in.
Police forces as we know them have only existed since the 1800s. Society has existed without them for far longer than it has with them. Don't be small-minded.
They should really be going after the accessories (i.e. watch straps, cables, cases, etc.) instead.
As if the police are reliable now lol
This is so unsettling.
These are some pretty comprehensive threads and compilations of police brutality and misconduct: https://twitter.com/greg_doucette/status/1266751520055459847?s=20 https://twitter.com/chadloder/status/1266952661791674370?s=20 https://twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1267531005663023104?s=20 This is the full footage of the Washington DC attack yesterday: https://twitter.com/Urquwill/status/1267618648203689985?s=20 This is a thread of journalists being arrested last night: https://twitter.com/uspresstracker/status/1267653318400184325?s=20
Oh, that's why they weren't loading on my app.
Lakers in 4.
Exactly. Do people really not understand why LeBron is more interested in protests opposing police brutality against BLACK people than the ones in HK, or are they all just arguing in bad faith?
Thank you for posting this and for changing the shield for Pride Month. ✊🏽🏳️‍🌈 Now, get rid of the asinine "no politics" rule.
I wish they let you upgrade the RAM on that model, though.
Wat lol. I meant, I wish Best Buy would let you upgrade the RAM to 16 GB on the base model, but they don't. They force you to buy the 4-Thunderbolt version if you want that much memory.
OP didn't say he was cheating, unless you count being on a dating app as cheating. This is why she should just talk to him instead of catfishing him lol
All OP said was that he was using Tinder and you assumed everything else lol. You might be projecting, fam.
There's no way he will ever support Kaep. He cares too much about a piece of cloth and a song.
You could say the same about Magic and HIV. Magic &gt; Bird.
You love to see it lol
It's literally been four years since Kaepernick first protested. If Brees doesn't understand by now that it has nothing to do with the flag or the anthem, it's because he doesn't want to understand.
It's been four fucking years since Kaepernick first protested. If Brees doesn't understand by now that it has nothing to do with the flag or the anthem, it's because he doesn't want to understand.
[My response.](https://twitter.com/UGotItJobin/status/1268707498774671365?s=09)
#ACAB
The callousness and apathy with which the entire unit acts lays bare how soulless these scumbags are. ACAB means *all* cops.
In case anyone wants to watch 286 (and counting) distinct instances of police brutality and misconduct over the past week, [here you go.](https://twitter.com/greg_doucette/status/1266751520055459847?s=20)
In case anyone wants to watch 286 (and counting) distinct instances of police brutality and misconduct over the past week, [here you go.](https://twitter.com/greg_doucette/status/1266751520055459847?s=20)
[Here's a thread with compilation videos,](https://twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1266917228752056320?s=20) but I'm not sure if all of the most egregious instances of police brutality are included.
*Bastards
Fuck the flag.
It's more likely than you think.
She's conflating sex and gender for the purpose of shitting on trans people.
Read it in context with her previous tweets.
Trans men and intersex people exist, which is why people took offense to her criticizing the phrase "people who menstruate."
Yeah, I'm not up-to-date on Rowling's transphobia, but it certainly isn't confined to this one incident. The top comments in this thread do a much better job of explaining things than I can. I've seen a lot of discussion about her veiled racism in the HP series recently, and that would be interesting to explore, too.
Subhuman scum, all of them.
You've already told me everything I need to know.
Fuck lol
I wish I didn't have to get a new laptop this year.
What a little bitch lol
Good. Fuck 'em.
Excellent. Fuck all exploitative shows like this.
It was bad and exploitative, and I'm enjoying all the delicious tears from everyone who loved that piece of shit show lol
He's going to be even weaker defending the rim now lol
He's going to be even weaker defending the rim now lol
They, in fact, do not.
I'm about to get on my Laura Ingraham shit.
Good riddance.
Holy shit lmao
No. We need to defund the police and eventually abolish the profession as we know it.
The first W of his career.
This is close to where I live. WTF
You should be shocked at these incidents, then: https://twitter.com/QasimRashid/status/1271990915985440768?s=20 https://twitter.com/ShiJeHi24/status/1271995533247148032?s=20 https://twitter.com/ShiJeHi24/status/1271996117878595584?s=20 https://twitter.com/camposmartinez1/status/1271922405288677382?s=20 https://twitter.com/ABC13News/status/1166433048281460736?s=20 https://twitter.com/ava/status/1272020649783877633?s=20 Qwhite interesting, wouldn't you say?
[You.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EaVbR6qXgAE3rFs?format=jpg&amp;name=900x900)
This is exactly what I thought when Dwight said that lol
Michael Tracey is such an insufferable tool.
He lost, tho.
[He's at #9 now.](https://i.imgur.com/jeBQM1b.png) I think I have mine set to not show me tailored tweets or trends.
All of those words have been used in the past and shit hasn't changed. Fuck it, we want our money back. Defund every fucking police department.
Abolishing the police is a good thing.
He hasn't exactly shown himself to be smart outside of basketball lol. Or in basketball, to be honest...
Says him lol. All you have to do is listen to the words that come out of his mouth.
Good. Hopefully, it will inspire many of them to quit.
She didn't tell a single lie. Cole is in his feelings and as corny as ever lol
Only in our fucked up country is it even a question whether COVID treatment and a vaccine will be free or not.
The Saints and scandal. Name a more iconic duo.
A Karen who's a cop? Yeah, we need to abolish the police.
J. Cole is the physical manifestation of [this meme.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DI1HDEyUwAEQM3-?format=jpg&amp;name=small)
He just can't stop being corny, even during a global pandemic, social unrest, and Black women getting killed and their bodies being dumped in dumpsters. Like, I know he doesn't want to read books, but can he at least read the damn room?
Okay, but definitely pay those people way more.
Police brutality and corruption exist everywhere. ACAB means *all* cops.
When will you idiots realize that "bad apples" spoil the whole damn bunch? Did you not learn about ethylene in 9th grade science? Every police department that doesn't immediately get rid of shitty cops is complicit and corrupt.
I wouldn't even trust the traffic cop. I'd still check both ways to make sure it's safe before going forward.
You didn't win many elections in 2018, fam.
This is categorically wrong. Also, the only people who become cops in this country are too stupid to do anything else.
More training isn't going to do shit. The problem is that these pigs don't give a fuck about the rules, even when they're being filmed breaking them. Police departments need to be defunded and that money needs to go to programs and organizations that actually help people.
Exactly lol. Police can't be reformed; they need to be defunded and qualified immunity needs to end.
Nah, I actually want to change this shithole we live in for future generations.
They didn't have to suffer through 246 years of slavery or 400 years of oppression in this country. I totally understand why people don't want to dilute the issue of injustice against Black people right now by focusing on lots of other pressing social justice concerns.
He's been right way more times than he's been wrong lol
Damn, she shit all over Cole while sounding relaxed af lol
Y'all really think there are like 5 rappers total, don't you?
Reality has a left-leaning bias.
People don't like him because he's obnoxious. That doesn't change his track record, though lol
Lmfao
Good lol
Tillman was killed by friendly fire in a war he was becoming increasingly disillusioned with. How does that make him a hero?
F
Same. My grad program is starting in the fall and I need a new laptop before then. Also, there is no guarantee that the first ARM Mac coming later this year will be a MacBook or that it won't cost a fortune.
Meanwhile, the UK didn't start requiring masks on public transport until June 15. Utterly shambolic response to this pandemic from the Tories.
RIP
Anyone who believes that is a tampon is retarded and the guy who reported on it is even dumber.
You can also hold the side button and one of the volume buttons for like a second.
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303 &gt; Messages in iCloud also uses end-to-end encryption. If you have iCloud Backup turned on, your backup includes a copy of the key protecting your Messages. This ensures you can recover your Messages if you lose access to iCloud Keychain and your trusted devices. When you turn off iCloud Backup, a new key is generated on your device to protect future messages and isn't stored by Apple. Apple has the encryption keys for your Messages if you use iCloud Backup. If you value your privacy, you should turn off iCloud Backup and just frequently backup locally to iTunes or the Finder.
This is brutal lol
https://i.imgur.com/0godPGP.jpg
This is irresponsible journalism. $1.4 billion out of a total of $300 billion sent in stimulus checks is 0.47%. Also, it's not like those checks can be cashed.
I don't understand the advantage of this if you don't have someone in your family who can use the free line.
It's literally a non-story with a headline designed to generate clicks and shares. There's a reason why they and everyone else who breathlessly "reported" on this didn't say that 99.5% of stimulus payments were properly distributed.
I'm certainly not saying that the rollout wasn't a shit show, because it was. I just fear that these kinds of stories are going to be pointed to by bad actors who want to portray this program as wasteful so that we don't receive any more checks. I hope you get yours soon.
I don't think I've ever seen more than a small handful of people in those stores, including the employees.
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/you-should-be-ashamed-critics-unleash-on-pelosi-for-showing-off-freezer-loaded-with-ice-cream/ar-BB12JgEv My mistake, it looks like her fridges only cost $21K before taxes. Establishment Democrats like Pelosi and Schumer don't give a fuck about me or you. They're marginally better than the Republicans, but all they care about is maintaining their power and the status quo. Open your eyes and start supporting progressive politicians who actually want to help you.
Great rebuttal lol. By all means, keep voting for people who don't care about you while thinking you're making a difference by "resisting."
Hnnnng
HE
Nah. IMO, the saddest "what if" is what Magic's career could have looked like had he never gotten HIV. He was the league MVP the year before he revealed his diagnosis; if he went on to win a couple more titles, he'd be in the argument for the GOAT.
This literally takes 30 seconds, max. I just did and it's already up to 430 signers now.
Apple literally distinguishes between the encryption of "Messages in iCloud" (E2EE) and Messages included in your iCloud backup (not E2EE). Click on that link in my previous comment and you'll see under "Here's more detail on how iCloud protects your data" that only the former is encrypted in transit *and* on their servers. Why do you think it came out earlier this year that [the FBI was pressuring Apple to not fully encrypt iCloud backups](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-apple-fbi-icloud-exclusive/exclusive-apple-dropped-plan-for-encrypting-backups-after-fbi-complained-sources-idUSKBN1ZK1CT)? If the FBI comes knocking and presents a warrant to Apple for your stuff, they are legally obligated to hand over the encryption keys for your Messages. If you turn iCloud backups off and only use Messages in iCloud, "a new key is generated on your device to protect future messages and isn't stored by Apple."
Fam, you're literally saying stuff that is contrary to what Apple has on their website. I don't know how else to explain this to you. https://www.theverge.com/2020/1/23/21076813/back-up-iphone-computer-how-to-mac-pc-icloud-data-fbi-encryption &gt; One more thing: dealing with iMessage without saving your data to iCloud can get a bit complicated, partly because iMessage uses end-to-end encryption (which means that it needs a key at either end) and partly because iMessage can also use Messages for iCloud, the feature that allows for syncing iMessage between multiple Mac or iOS devices with the same account. We consulted with Apple, and this is basically how it works: &gt; &gt;If you have iCloud Backup turned on, then your backup includes a copy of the key that protects your messages. This is the most convenient setup. But in this article, we’re assuming that you want to turn iCloud Backup off. &gt; &gt;If you have iCloud Backup turned off but Messages for iCloud turned on (which you can do on your iPhone by going to Settings, tapping on your name, and selecting “iCloud” &gt; “iMessage”), your messages will be shared among all your devices, but your encryption key will remain local to those devices. According to Apple, that encryption key will not be saved to the company’s servers. &gt;If you have both iCloud Backup and Messages for iCloud turned off, then your only backup options will be local
Seriously, watch some YouTube videos or something about how end-to-end encryption works.
Tatum is too high.
[Don't forget when he had this to say about LeBron's mom.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbKiiw9WsAEchSt?format=jpg&amp;name=small)
[For reference.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbKiiw9WsAEchSt?format=jpg&amp;name=small)
He shouldn't have had to apologize.
Good lol
They like him because he's "one of the good ones."
Fuck lol. I guess I better get used to using Safari, because I can't wait until the ARM Macs come out. Incidentally, do you know of any good adblockers for Safari on macOS?
