bomb-bad even.
What should I do in cases where even though I put the word in quotes, it says "did you mean..." without any option to pick the original?
ELI5 the difference between "transporting" and "possession." Isn't the crime usually possession of child pornography?
He likes people who 1. aren't as smart as him, and 2. remind him of himself.
I guess the big question in pricing is if all games are included. Imagine buying a game for $60, and then having to pay $10 a month forever just to access it.
Name recognition, the legacy of Obama, more appeal to older voters, and more center leaning republicans and democrats.
I'd actually suggest you run AC instead of dry. The only difference between an air conditioner and a dehumidifier is that the dehumidifier also re-heats the air. You'll save power running the AC on a lower setting, over running the dehumidifier.
Is it listed [here](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DeadAllAlong)?
Don't forget that the men are likely to become stalkers as well.
Not really taboo, but it's only really popular with idol otaku and weeaboos.
Your best option is probably to set an alarm so you don't miss the last train. If your party is mostly Japanese people, they'll be looking for their last train as well.
Generally the further from busy areas you are, the cheaper karaoke will be, so if Dotonbori isn't a hard requirement, you could probably save a bit by going elsewhere. For example, near my station, Jankara only charges 110 yen per hour on weekday afternoons. While namba is almost double that.
Here's an eli5: Bitrate tells the computer how much actual data to keep in the file. Bigger bitrates have more data, lower bitrates have less. To make data smaller, many methods are used: Similar colors get combined into one, or things that don't change between frames are kept still instead of being copied. As the bitrate becomes lower, these effects become stronger. So if for example you have 20 shades of red, in a high bitrate, this might reduce to 18 shades. In a low bitrate, you could end up with only 10.
My friend's Grandma had this light up magnifier, for some sort of sewing or stitching. It was also the best Gameboy accessory ever made.
Computers for typing class? Lucky. I went to MS in the 90s, but we still had typewriters because my school was cheap.
Who were they selling it to? The teachers?
What kind of media? Local videos? Streaming? If you're mostly using websites you may look at chrome os, if you're using local files, you could look into something like openelec.
I wonder if there have been any interesting laws passed
Do you know how that works? As I understand, GPS is one way. You just trangulate the signals, so how do they block accuracy?
Shares of microsoft.
Why not wish for death stars instead? One can be taken out by a squadron of xwings, but I doubt they could take on a million at once.
&gt; (if you're talking to someone already in that position) What were you most proud of that you accomplished in this role? OR What is something you wish you could have addressed in your time here, or something you've always wanted to implement? The wording of this really makes it feel like a BS ass-kissing question. It's nice that someone actually asks a question to begin with, but this would sound too canned for me. Other questions are decent though.
You mean you *aren't* looking for something make on a late 90's version of word with tons of colorful borders and clipart?
No, that's the second half. Be a good human, and actually show up, and you're already in the top 25%
But you know, there's tens of thousands of job postings, and no one applies to every single one. So there has to be some reason that you chose to apply for that one and not the others. Even saying something like "it's close to where I live." is better than fumbling to say anything at all. I appreciate honesty when I'm doing interviews. Scripted answers showed you prepared for the interview, but don't tell me anything I need to know. I think lots of people try to answer this as "Why did you pick our company?" When it can be just as correctly answered as "Why did you pick this type of position?"
&gt; The first thing most recruiters will do is a keyword search. Don't most people these days use websites that just trash anything that already doesn't match the keywords?
Software and expectations play a big role. People who make livestreams, expect them to be treated like a show, they want it to have very good quality, so the software works on making quality a top priority this can cause delays. Also, streamers will have high quality cameras, microphones, and video encoders. On the other hand, video calls are treated like a phone call, the most important thing is to have as little delay as possible, so the quality is set intentionally lower in order to make sure there are no problems receiving on the other end. And on the hardware side, unless you've got professional video conferencing equipment, you're probably talking about video calls on your phone, which don't really have the most amazing hardware compared to what pro streamers would have.
True, but being a good human being is also a lot more than just showing up.
And from my side, someone who lives close might be able to come in quickly when they guy who lives across town gets caught in a traffic jam.
VAT is paid by the consumer, but also by suppliers and stores. Sales tax is only paid by the consumer and no one else.
Minecraft Mario edition?
Minecraft is owned by Microsoft, and is available on switch
I second this, I'd say at least 75% of my library has never had a boxed release, so why does the library need to show simulated box art
Try this, set up a day two weeks from now, to finish octopath. In the meantime you have complete permission to play whatever you want. Then once that scheduled day pops up, see how much you actually want to do it.
Paper doesn't make it more secure unless humans intervene. 1. Voter chooses candidates. 2. Machine prints paper ballot, shows to voter asking "is this correct?" 3. Voter chooses yes, this is correct. 4. As voter walks away, voting machine says voter picked "incorrect" and prints a new ballot with changed votes, marking the original as incorrect. What needs to happen instead, is that the voter takes the ballot after it's printed, and manually puts it in a secure box. Then the machine can be properly audited
Better title: "Employed man converts van into rv, sells house, continues to work enough to afford both gas and designer clothes." All the best to him if that's what he wants to do, but throwing around the word "homeless" is kind of insulting to those who actually are living on the streets.
&gt; What if I moved every six months. Would I still need to pay residence tax? Residence tax is based on where you live January 1st. It doesn't matter how many times you move.
He says he quit his job, he didn't get fired. Sounds like a choice to me.
You can rent all those things, but you can't rent games there.
**System exclusives and store exclusives are not the same thing** If I buy a PS4, I can choose where to purchase games. I can benefit from stores competing against each other on price. I can choose to avoid a store with a bad reputation or bad customer experience. System exclusives can also help the consumer by drawing more people to their platform of choice. Store exclusives benefit NO ONE except the person running the store.
I hope that he told the assistant that the whole point was to piss off the director. Or else it's kinda rude to put them in that situation.
That's good to hear. Where I live, we used to have a big carrier handling all of amazon, and it was great. Then they decided to start using unheard of local carriers and the delivery experience went to shit.
Is there any benefit to being next to a crash? Do the items inside respawn?
And he apparently has a new job that he likes now. Doesn't sound like he had any sort of medical or disability-like depression that was affecting his ability to work. Everyone gets depressed now and then, and tons of people are unhappy with their jobs. The point is he wasn't forced out, and he didn't quit because he was having mental issues. He just wasn't happy at work, so he quit. My original point was that he isn't forced to live on the street. He is happy with his job and may already be making more than enough money to have a house if he wanted. He's more like a tiny house dweller than homeless. Real homelessness is an ACTUAL PROBLEM, and glamorizing it does no one any good. I've got no problems or issues with this guy wanting to show off his van living setup, I've got problems with him using the word homeless.
&gt;I agree with you that the term homeless doesn’t really apply here except in a strictly literal sense. That's all I'm trying to get at. It's quite possible this guy did have a period in his life where he was actually having mental issues, or living on the street, and I'm not trying to downplay that at all. I personally have an uncle who chooses to be homeless. But for this guy say it now is glamorizing an actual social issue.
It reminds me of [The Front Fell Off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m5qxZm_JqM).
If you're talking about the stores competing for business from publishers, yes, then there's more competition there, but not for consumers. So it costs less for devs to use epic over steam. That means consumer prices will go down? Not when the consumer has no choice to go elsewhere. I'm not saying steam deserves to be the only store in existence. But exclusives do not create any competition for consumers at all, because you cannot buy that product anywhere else. It's the exact opposite of competition. If I want to buy Shenmue 3, who will compete to bring my prices down? Right, no one, because I have zero choice of where to buy it. &gt; Monopoly on the other hand... Doesn't exist? Origin? Uplay? GOG? itch.io? Microsoft Store? Desura? Battle.net? No one is complaining about any of these at all. Steam allows other websites to sell their keys, and gives free keys to developers for the express purpose of selling them elsewhere. Sounds like horrible monopolistic practices to me.
You guys don't wash your belts?
I use random passwords anyway, so I guess I just get to spend a day cleaning out my old accounts.
**Are you sure you want to cancel?** [ 取消 ] [ हो ] [ рандом ] And the languages randomly change every time.
I've never used WorldRemit and have only used Transferwise once. But I would venture to say that when you're dealing with 100man, if you even need to ask if a company is trustworthy, you're better off spending the extra 3000 with a company that you know is.
Baby Trump would be more likely to be seen by Trump though
If you're using EFI, then your bootloaders can all live separately from each other, so this may be a non-issue to begin with. Check if you have a /boot/efi directory. If there are folders in there, each distro will create it's own folder to hold the bootloader. (In general)
Dark world anyone?
Fedora silverblue does exactly this, and is the only stable desktop doing this that I know of. Opensuse has kubic, but it's designed for containers, not a full desktop.
Book off in namba has a clothing floor.
Trickle-down economics is just like those megachurches that ask for "seed money" saying it will be returned to you tenfold by God.
Considering they made a comparison to majora's mask, I'm hoping there's a time travel element where you go back to before calamity gannon won. See all the champions while they're still alive. A young Impa, and an old Purah.
Sorry, becoming a genie nullifies all previous wishes, as you are now bound to the lamp.
That sounds horrible. I pay 4000 yen for gigabit internet from eonet, and about 1700 yen for 7 gb from rakuten mobile.
In general the fstab is mounted top to bottom, So make sure to put the swap entry after the /mnt/gentoo entry.
because a lot of people with crappy home and crappy mobile connections would start complaining about why their wal-mart pc with integrated graphics didn't work when they're trying to play on an airplane.
If this were a VC title or even a retouch of the original, no way. But this is a totally from scratch remake. They put just as much work into it as any other new game. The only difference is that the story was already done. So I'd say Nintendo can charge whatever they want. There have been six movie remakes of a Christmas Carol, but you don't ask for a discount because it's an old movie based on an old book.
You could definitely argue that by today's standards it's not the length of a 60 dollar game. But saying it's worth less because it's a remake is flawed.
Onions and peppers. Can't stand the taste of them. But it makes me the asshole always checking ingredients and refusing food.
Easy. 500 episodes.
Bottled drinks. You don't buy a bottle, expect to drink 1/5th of it and then call it a day. There should really be a law where the serving size is based on what people actually eat.
Tourists pay taxes, people on short-term working visas pay taxes. Should they be allowed to vote as well?
My brother lived with our parents until he was 35. My parents were just fine with him living there. So if he didn't care, and my parents didn't care, who cares what other people think.
Ignoring the fact that agreeing on something doesn't make it true or a fact, What question would fall under "universally agreed upon" to begin with?
Usually depends on the state.
Mantis shrimp. They attack so fast that the movement creates a vacuum underwater and they regularly shatter glass in aquariums. The punch is about 1500 Newton's, twice the force Olympic weightlifters use to when they jerk the weights off the ground.
Janice
So, in a democracy, politicians care about protests, because they have to face election at some point, so if you don't pay attention to the protesters, you could be voted out. But this isn't a democracy, it's China. So if the government just ignores the protests, passes and enforces the law, what can the people actually do about it?
I have been able to find them reliably at max valu. but YMMV.
You are obviously a foreigner, so there's no need to try and do it the Japanese way. Your effort will show, and that's what counts.
It's open all year
Not really. Video drivers are almost always complied as modules to begin with, so they are already "external"
I laughed on house when they finally diagnosed lupus.
the floor really is lava
You can just sprinkle the powder on and eat raw ramen as an on the go snack
If you do this, I'd suggest only using half a packet of seasoning. Much less salty.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=GchiVcvdGVM
You didn't chroot into your install https://www.funtoo.org/Install/Chroot
Peppermint is based on Lubuntu, so will probably drop 32-bit support whenever Ubuntu does. ~~Is there any specific reason you need a 32-bit os? 64-bit became mainstream over a decade ago. If you give us the reason for not wanting / being able to use 64-bit, we might be able to make a better suggestion.~~ Edit: I misunderstood. Didn't realize Ubuntu was removing all 32 bit multilib libraries.
Radiolab The Weirdest Thing I Learned this Week Ask Me Another Mystery Show (RIP) Planet Money
&gt;it’s produced one of the best single podcast episodes ever made imho. Which one? Trick question! It's all of them.
This is probably part of a big push to force all 32 bit software into snaps, and force users to want snaps.
Flatpak does support multilib. That comment was more meant to be a sarcastic jab, but if it did come true, of course Canonical would push their own format above the others.
I'm guessing they mean VR. Although anaglyph 3d would be pretty cool
If you're looking for a distro that has every possible software included, good luck, because it doesn't exist. What you probably want though is either ubuntu for the snap store, or another distro that comes with flatpak pre-installed (fedora?) so you can access flathub.
&gt;How can we trust them? When you download from AUR you are just using a script to download and compile the source from the official developers. You can read each script yourself if you want, to make sure there's nothing bad in it.
Timer based would mean things happen on a schedule. "Do/Check this every X seconds" Event based would mean "don't do anything unless there's a task waiting for you." With timer based, you're running all your tasks even if there's no work to do. Event based would only run them when there's a signal (event) saying that it needs run. For a simple example, think of a dropbox-like file sync software: Timer Based: Check for file changes every 5 seconds, then sync them. Event based: Wait for the OS to notify you that files changed, and then sync them.
You need a second one for watching the animated series while you play
Couldn't they just rename the 32-bit packages? So instead of libwhatever, you'd have lib32whatever, or libwhatever5-32bit-compat.
They will work, but only security updates. So if you have a game that requires mesa, two years from now, mesa might be at 21.2.3, and it will be available to 64-bit apps. But your 32-bit apps would only have 19.6.1 or something. Maybe not as huge a deal for mesa as it would be for vulkan, which is changing a lot more quickly.
I would imagine 32-bit would be more important to businesses. Users are quick to adapt to newer versions of packages, but businesses are a lot more likely to run old or proprietary apps and code that depend on specific libraries. Not even mentioning companies who sell proprietary linux apps, and may have only had 32-bit versions. Companies who depend on 32-bit proprietary apps may be forced to stick to an older version of ubuntu, or even back to windows since there's no support for their apps anymore.
The original isn't bad, but the Save Ferris version of Come on Eileen is definitely the best.
She should enter the race, but not advertise or campaign. Then Trump will focus all his energy on her. And the other Dems can campaign in peace
A dollar for every atom in my hand. I could go for the whole arm, but I'm not that greedy.
No special reason. One person said beans, and everyone else did the same
&gt; Anyone not signed and committed to Sony or Microsoft has to be considering Linux+Vulkan as a development target now. Well PS4 runs a custom FreeBSD, so I wonder how hard it would be to port games if they tried.
FTL and Terraria.
Vice Ciity's city disappointed me. It was much bigger than gta III. But it was so empty. In gta3, any time you found an alley, or a rooftop, there was something. a package, or a mini game, fancy car, something. Vice city was full of empty buildings and dead end alleys.
definitely not. Just like how Xbox runs a version of windows, but you can't just put an xbox cd in your pc and play it.
Family type: Direct line to your house/apartment. Mansion Type: shared line for the whole building. 20,000 is a normal price for a construction fee. For family type they'll send someone to install the wire from the pole to your specific room.
Don't look at the chain specifically, check the machines they have. As the songs are usually controlled by the compaines that provide the music. I searched Dam, Joysound, and Uga, and got nothing when I searched for "hamilton" So it may be hard to find here.
Draw a Stickman?
They only need to get caught ten times.
Speaking to snails.
"Hey buddy, stop looking at my boobs, my eyes are up here!" "Ok, you asked for it!"
Also, you get a big warning and must specifically opt-in to view them.
If you do find that some are missing, cut and paste the file list into excel. You now have row numbers that should match the file numbers. You can quickly use this to find out exactly what file is missing.
/r/techsupport ?
Scroll Lock, menu, pause.
open a terminal and use either dir on windows or ls on linux, then copy and paste the result.
I've used other things similar to yast in the past. They always used their own config files, and rewrote the actual conifigs in /etc every time you saved, removing any customizations. Meaning anything that wasn't in the gui, couldn't be set, or would be overwritten every time you used the gui. The great thing about yast is that it's smart enough to only edit the parts of the config files that it's changing, and it edits config files directly, so it will both pick up any manual changes, and also not overwrite settings that aren't in yast.
&gt; OpenSUSE also does not support PPAs. But you can add respositories from build.opensuse.org, which are basically the same thing, just a bit more complicated to enable.
Also the same reason why no one is angry at Uplay, origin, or battle.net
Console exclusives are designed to draw more users to a platform. PC store exclusives are designed to make more money for a specific store.
Being overprotective will also increase the chance that they'll do things behind your back and be scared to tell you. All kids will rebel or do stupid stuff. Much better to have a kid who will tell you about it and trust your advice, than one who will lie about it, and do the opposite of whatever you say.
More like a PlayStation remote play where the PlayStation is at Google instead of in your house
I think Google thinks everyone has awesome internet because they all have Google fiber
A pitapa (train pass for kansai area) is pretty easy to get, they are postpaid, and have a credit card attached. Also, if you wait for a store to have a table set up trying to get people to get their credit card, your chances go up a bit. The people working the promotion can get a commission or bonus for signing more people up, so they'll put in extra effort to help you get approved.
The Japanese credit network definitely reports to merchants whether a card is actual credit or just debit, and many places will deny anything subscription based (phone, internet, etc.) if you're not using a true credit card.
This is a room for getting work done, not showing off wealth.
I want either warren or sanders to get the nomination. I'll support them both, and hope that whoever doesn't get the nomination becomes running-mate. Imagine those two on the campaign trail together.
All pitapa are postpaid, but some link to a bank account and not a credit card. I was denied before from other cards and still am, but got the pitapa with credit card on my first try.
I thought it more sounded like they'd pay steam 30% of the price if they let them give steam keys while keeping exclusivity. So normally the keys are free if you're selling on steam, but because they aren't selling on steam, they offered to buy the keys at 30% of retail instead of getting them for free. That way steam gets profits as if they were selling the game themselves.
Not saying they should. I just see tons of people saying "keys are free, so 30% of 0 is $0." But I didn't think that was what was meant.
I'm sure Pelosi hopes that he does. The more public meltdowns she can make him have, the more the public will realize he's crazy. Trump rarely leaves his safe zone in giving press conferences or talking to crowds. the SOTU will be a well reported and well televised event, that he doesn't have a lot of control over. I'm wondering if trump will try to bypass it by making his own version of a state of the union. maybe holding a press conference during a big parade, sitting on top of a tank.
opengl with mesa: ```GALLIUM_HUD=fps``` opengl on nvidia: Turn on the FPS option in nvidia-settings Vulkan: ```VK_INSTANCE_LAYERS=VK_LAYER_MESA_overlay``` ```VK_LAYER_MESA_OVERLAY_CONFIG=fps,position=top-left``` or ```DXVK_HUD=1``` In steam, the normal steam fps overlay works
Stick with what you have. save the cash until you can get a more worthwhile update.
He is being a bit rude about it, but he is correct. AMDGPU-pro isn't really meant for gaming, it's for compatibility with commercial graphics and opencl software. you should get much better performance just using amdgpu from the kernel and Mesa.
I'd definitely agree. AUR is completely open, just sign up on the site and you're good to go. RPMFusion you need to be sponored. I just realized however that Fedora also has COPR which is more like ppas, and possibly a closer equivalent to the AUR. AUR is official as in it's hosted by arch, but in reality it's about as official as a mod category on a video game's official forums. "We put it here, but the community runs it and we have no responsibility for what goes on."
Upgrading of graphics or sounds to a higher quality, adding additional content that does not unbalance or change gameplay in any way.
Just finished some episodes of 24. I think I'm in good hands.
I'll take "possible kidnappers" for 100.
Saying paedophilia isn't wrong and shouldn't be illegal.
Nah. They caused the suicide. No investigation needed
A lot of Zelda purists seem to think it is one of the worst in the series. I think the haters are minority though, just a loud one.
Slime rancher. It's a small indie game that had received regular free updates for years now.
Being polite to staff at a restaurant. Even if there's a mistake or problem.
You missed what your link actually said. 93% live near the coast, not necessarily in cities.
obligatory comment.
This may not be it, but it's close enough that I'm probably remembering wrong. Solved!
There's the chika-toku ticket. Takes you from anywhere on the subway to namba, and then to the airport. One way is about 1,000 yen, same deal going the other way. https://www.howto-osaka.com/en/ticket/ticket/chikatoku.html
Nah, just for the ending, there's no curtains anywhere else that I can recall.
{dwarven luggage}
{hearthfire multiple adoptions, stonehall orphanage}
It's probably just one of those things where they believe the Japanese way is better than anything else. So if most Japanese eat white rice, it much be better than what most Japanese don't usually eat.
&gt;“All tall girls are loose down there, right?” WTF?
Maybe they add less sugar in general? I've noticed that Japanese versions of candy have a whole lot less sugar compared to the American versions. Japanese snickers vs American snickers is like regular coke vs diet coke to me.
Everyone from Gaikoku speaks English. Unless you look Asian, then you probably speak Japanese or Chinese.
This is the country where students are forced to dye their hair if it isn't black enough. So obviously there is no true color other than black eyes / hair.
&gt; To be fair some Hispanics look like they are from India. I've had many Japanese friends at college in the states who kept getting assumed to be Mexican, so I can definitely see this happening.
"You eat lots of meat, but you're so kind."
(buying curry at the conbini) "Do you want a fork or chopsticks?" "Well it's curry, so a spoon please"
With all the junk added by mods, something like this, or extra encumbrance is pretty much mandatory. If you use Live Another Life and pick necromancer in a hidden lab you can start with the luggage.
Well if he kept it as a white family, it would have been called Diff'rent Strokes.
&gt;if I am still working in Japan in 2021 then I will have to start paying it If you work for only one month, one week, or one day in 2020 and you make enough money to owe tax, you will owe it. It doesn't matter if you're employed or not at the end of the year. Also, even if you were to leave the country, you still owe it.
Isn't star citizen using the lunberyard engine though? What does crytek licensing have to do with it?
Why is the Osaka area labeled as MMA while Tokyo is not? The population numbers used for Tokyo are also from their metro area, not from the city proper.
That may be true, and since the first Star citizen alphas were on ceyengine, you could say the licensing still applies there. But if squadron 42 is on lumberyard, how would the licence still count as cryengine? No matter what it used to be, lumberyard has no license or royalties required to use it.
If you're using gpt, use gdisk. Some older versions of fdisk don't understand gpt.
This is why you should play mod simulators like Skyrim or stardew valley instead of actual games. A few hours tweaking mods, and you are done for the night
I'm sure he'd be happy to wave a random folder in the air and call it "proof"
I really like the options in skyrim unbound, but I always go back to Alternate start, because I never have problems going to the main quest. Others that I've tried can sometimes be buggy or broken when trying to start the main storyline quest. LAL used to have problems when it used a big quest chain to do it, but at some point the author simplified the process to just reading a journal. since then I've had zero issues with it.
Open a curtain store.
What made me give up on this game was the amount of crashes, and lack of frequent auto saves. Also, a loading screen just to look at the map? Wtf?
Die, because I can't breathe air that is stopped.
There's a big difference to me between "not good" or "nothing special" and "bad." I don't want to rate a game as horrible when it's not really a bad game, just not a good game. If you think of it as a scale of shit &lt;-&gt; amazing, it would make sense that most games get a 5+. But you're also looking at metacritic ratings, which aren't so great anyway. They are compiled only from major critics (who many times are in cahoots with game publishers,) and the score is only done on the initial release, then never changed, regardless of any in-game updates or fixes.
Last trains are one of my favorite things, easy excuse to leave the party at a reasonable hour. Also, I can't think of much tourism that depends on late trains except clubs, bars, and other shady places. What kind of tourism are they hoping to increase?
You can't plant DNA at a crime scene if you don't have the DNA already.
https://youtu.be/rxUm-2x-2dM
It's not for paperwork. It's for stockholders and CEOs. "Administration costs" means what we pay the administration. Not how much the administration should actually cost.
This is exactly what I was thinking as well. Fedora or suse would be a much more sane second choice if you're not counting other Debian or Ubuntu based distros.
And if you're not on intel, gentoo will optimize for whatever you want.
I'd say you're quite wrong. If we are talking about "noobs" who are looking to migrate from windows, then the "perfect distro" for **anything** comes down to a single feature: that it won't frustrate them and send them straight back to windows. The number of distros that have this feature can be counted on one hand. And out of those, only one has non-libre software without 3rd party repos. You've got the right idea that there really is no objectively best distro for gaming, but you're wrong in the assumption that everyone should be given a recommendation of "pick whatever you like," when the people involved have no idea about what they are actually picking.
*updates your favorite mod, breaking compatibility with half of your mod list* Achievement unlocked.
Start selling big windows that are painted all black.
You could say the same for a penis, couldn't you? Each piece does have its own name as well. It's kind of like getting upset about someone calling their face a face instead of calling it their eyes, nose, cheeks, mouth, forehead, and chin. And while I completely agree with the OP of the LPT, I don't think we need to worry about teaching little kids the exact details of every body part.
I always imagined the whole love hotel business historically came to be because of people living with in-laws, or thin walls on buildings, not as a way to cheat on a spouse.
Apparently this is how primitive humans would hunt, we would just wear down the other animals until they were too tired to keep running, then kill them while they were exhausted.
Was it yesterday? could have been a high wind emergency warning, or a storm surge warning if you were near the coast. There was a big storm that plowed through yesterday morning.
Like this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i19k2Lh5T5Y
If you're really looking for something surprising for those who have never seen snow: quiet. Snow is soft, and blocks sound, so you get a strange lessening of sound outside. Like walking into a studio, or an auditorium with lots of soundproofing materials on the wall.
There's evidence that she's pissed that they reported the confession. There's evidence that she probably doesn't care that her husband is guilty, but there is no evidence that she had any knowledge of it before he was arrested. If there is, I will stand corrected, but if there was, I'd assume at a minimum her kids would have been taken away. No one is saying the husband is innocent or there was no evidence against him. She may be guilty of some sort of neglect or other crime, and children services should step in if she were to try to force her kids to see the husband, but afaik there isn't any proof that she knew about or participated in *his* crimes. So are you saying we should arrest anyone who doesn't care that someone else committed a crime? Edit: for all of you that say I'm defending the wife, I'm not. I'm just replying to the post that said she should be locked up for the same crime when there's no proof that she knew about it before hand.
&gt; if they find that the Mother did in fact know this was happening at least once or had an idea that something wasn’t right, she could be arrested And if they don't? And if it's true that she had no idea? That's the entire point here. You aren't complicit in a crime you have no knowledge about. If she did know about it, lock her the fuck up too. I'm not making an argument about what should happen to her now. Just replying to the comment saying that she should be arrested with no evidence.
&gt;If you don’t care that your husband RAPED your daughter. You’re not fit to be a parent or guardian of ANY child and should be arrested Agree &gt; or shot in the head. Disagree. but only because I don't believe we should have the death penalty for any crime. Better to force someone to rot in jail than end their life quickly. &gt;any parent who has genuine love for their child would NOT be attempting to sue the church for reporting his crime. Agree &gt;She already knew it was happening and now that it got out, she’s trying to use the idea that a priest or church HAS to legally keep your confessions secret to get millions of dollars when that’s not how it works at all. &gt;If the mother isn’t suing the father or even remotely pissed. That’s probable cause enough to say she most likely knew these crimes were going on Agree that it's probable cause. But not evidence. Which is what my only point was.
The whole point of the justice system isn't to decide what is right and wrong. It is to decide if the law was broken or not. Laws are decided by other governing bodies. OP thinks every judge's gut feeling should trump actual evidence, when in reality an ideal judge *should* see black and white. Our system is based on being innocent until proven guilty. Which is exactly the opposite stance they are taking. No one is saying they think she's innocent, just that she shouldn't be "shot in the head" without proof. Being a terrible person isn't proof.
&gt;make arrangements for a express visit back to their home country to never return. This sounds like crossing a border to me.
Sees that OP has only created threads on JCJ... realizes why wife would want to divorce him. Not sure why everyone thinks it's some sort of bait though, regardless of his previous posting, OP seems genuine to me.
Killing them isn't bad per-se, but hunting them to the point of extinction is, which is what many are accusing Japan of doing.
&gt; If the cops have talked to the kids and the kids say they're afraid to be in the home with you, then there's more than you're telling as well. Depending on the age of the kids, this could also be the wife feeding them lies.
The forums became just a toxic cesspool of hateful foreigners. The site as it is now is still decent for their job ads, but not much else.
They can't do anything that would lower their conviction rate.
No I'm saying it's ok to kill and hunt animals, but it's not ok to do it irresponsibly. The post I was responding to was asking why killing whales is bad.
I said people accuse Japan of doing it, which is quite true. Did I say anywhere that Japan is actually doing it or not? You're the one doing the accusing here.
All software is "licensed" instead of purchased, physical or not. The same goes with other media like dvds or CDs. This is how they can say for example with dvds that you are not allowed to have public showings of the movies. You don't own the movie, just a license to watch the copy. However, digital games are the only case in which the publishers will force you to change your copy for another. If a book licensed a photo which expires, and then a new edition comes out without that photo, will the publisher force everyone to mail their books and exchange for another? Would that be legal? If I have a move on dvd where the music was only licensed for 10 years, would the studio come and force me to give them back the dvd? Would that be legal? If I purchased a movie online (say from itunes) and the license for one of the songs in the movie expires, could iTunes force me to re-download a new version without the said song? Would that be legal?
Was the song automatically changed for everyone that had downloaded it, or did they have to download again for the new version?
on funtoo / gentoo you can install elogind to use gnome without systemd.
And at what point did I do that? Where did I make any indication that I thought it was either true or false?
Planey McPlanetface
Trump will somehow take credit for this in 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1..
Don't think it's that unpopular. His stuff is always 50/50. Either it's really funny, or it's just horrible.
Most SNL actors get into a groove where they're pretty much playing different versions of the same character over and over again, then they leave SNL and make 20 movies where they play the same character over and over again.
I was all for the live action Aladdin until I saw that he was the genie.
Predestination
I always install {Audiobooks of Skyrim} but I usually play with speakers on in a shared room, so I almost always click to skip the audio. There's also plenty of followers I installed hoping to get to their quests, but have never seen in the game once.
GTA3 was a controversial game when it came out, as it was one of the first games that so realistically portrayed a criminal as a bad guy. But nowadays those games are all over the place.
I always thought stock GNOME felt a lot like OSX minus the dock. Especially if you use spotlight to launch everything.
I don't care where he lives, but you must name him streetlamp le moose
You don't. You play it until it crashes, spend a few hours figuring out the problem, and then starting over. This is a mod simulator, skyrim is only a minigame.
There's stuff like {Floating Torch Spells} for SSE, not sure if it exists for VR.
Gentoo is my distro of choice, but it's definitely not for everyone. Pros: * Control over which libraries / features are enabled for pretty much every single package. USE flags can be used per package, or system-wide * extremely easy to add a patch or to edit a package. Many times as simple as putting the raw patch into a specific directory. * extremely easy to install a newer version of a package, or hold a version back. * package format is straightforward for writing custom packages Cons: * Compile time. Especially web browsers that can update frequently * If you don't know what you're doing with USE flags, it's easy to disable things you actually need * Dependency problems are harder to solve. With traditional package managers, you just need to wait for an update, or submit a bug report. With gentoo, sometimes the user causes the conflict with use flags or package masks. You have to resolve these yourself. Obviously there are forums and IRC for help, but it's not something you can just wait on a maintainer to fix (generally.) So really I'd only suggest gentoo for the tweak addicts, who know their system and want complete control. I'd never recommend it to a beginner. But it is a great and fun distro for me.
2000円 bills (and other strange currency like $2 bills in the US) are used for tracking. Not to literally track people's movements, but to see where tourists are visiting and spending money. This is why you're a lot more likely to get them when exchanging money, especially at non Japanese banks. I cant find the story now, but I recall a story about a ferry that was going to be shut down. The owners started giving $2 bills as change to prove how much of a boost to the local economy the ferry was responsible for. When shops in the area saw how many $2 bills they were receiving, they realized that the ferry was bringing in a large chunk of their business, and joined in the push to keep the ferry running.
Thanks, that explains it well. I wasn't sure if some of the CC stuff caused problems, or was just annoying because it was forcing unwanted updates.
If there are still 20 year old paper notes in circulation that's pretty impressive, seeing as most other paper money only lasts about half that long.
This is the reason I rarely finish games.
First thing when I install any game older than 1 year: Look for mods.
They should look at how much it would cost if everyone actually paid for private insurance. That's the kicker.
I never got to finish this one before I got rid of my PS3. I hope they re-release it on pc someday.
&gt; it's less likely to be biased. This is the big thing. A store's goal is to sell you stuff. Anything that would make you not want to buy a product is something they don't want you to see.
I am not. So I will still wait. That's good news though, means it might be released elsewhere someday.
Can't believe no one has mentioned super Meat Boy yet. I've not played Celeste, but after watching a video of it I immediately thought it was a super meat boy clone.
I'm guessing they expect a sudden one month surge of foreigners with backpacks bigger than large children.
What is it that you don't like about zypper? That could help us figure out what other package managers you might like/dislike. But if you want an up to date distro with a yast-like manager, then opensuse is probably your only real bet. You seem like the kind of person that wouldn't be happy with the distros made for windows refugees, since those are the only others I could think of that would have a system control panel type app. You could also look into installing [webmin](http://www.webmin.com/) and it's siblings. It's not exactly what you want, but it would give you some sort of yast-like control on other distros.
In that case, you may give it another shot. I don't know how zypper was back then, but I've never had any issues with it in the last two years or so I've been using opensuse. I also really love yast. It actually doesn't seem super suse specific, so I wish other distros would embrace it as well.
There's more expensive types of the surgery that they claim are more likely to prevent dry eyes. I had normal lasik done last year, and I don't have any more dryness than I had before, so it's not a guaranteed side effect, just a common one. I haven't really noticed if my night vision is better or worse.
I got lasik last year. I always feel like the eye exams in Japan using the glasses with tons of lenses instead of the big fancy viewfinder they use in the states makes it feel more low tech, but in reality they are basically the same thing, the big viewfinder is just the same lenses on spinning wheels. Other than that all the equipment seemed on par with any other optometrist I've ever been to. There were plenty of screenings to make sure I was a good candidate and that I knew what I was getting into. The surgery itself for me was super stressful though. Like four people in a room holding my head still and attaching and reattaching all the various implements of eye destruction. Then telling me to look at the red light, which kept moving around, and me hoping I'm doing it right. In the end I got one eye that has amazing vision, and the second eye still has a slight astigmatism so I see a shadow. I don't need glasses anymore, but for the first few months after the surgery I had to close the bad eye to see some things far away. It's been long enough that I can go back and see if it's still possible to do a touch up since your corneas need to be thick enough to do it again, and I plan on doing that soon.
There's lots of different types now. I think some of the more expensive ones don't even burn your eyes with lasers, they just implant a semi-permanent contact lens directly into your eye. Other times the higher fees are for after care. The place I went to offered up to 15 years of it. That includes eye exams, and touch ups.
I'd need to check to see if he's still in Japan, but an old co-worker for mine was teaching capoeira in his spare time. Not on your list, but not Asian martial arts either. Edit: Nope, he left the country last year.
If that's the case I'd definitely suggest opensuse then. Zypper has much improved since then. Try Leap if you want stablility (but older packages) and Tumbleweed if you can handle the unstability of a rolling distro.
You could get a nice digitizer
I'd actually try to reform criminals instead of punish them.
I went to kobe kanagawa. I'd like to know where you've been going. 10 years of glasses, contacts, and eye exams in Japan I've never seen anything but the removable lenses in empty frames.
Problem solved!
I think I'd buy it. 1000 seems a small amount to pay for knowing how others actually see me.
Yeah don't you know if an 8 year old sent a nude selfie, we'd still [register them as a sex offender?](https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/rapist-aged-four-among-800-5081613)
Not PETA though?
Or an Olympic commerative coin.
"Pompeo? I don't know him. Never met him. I've heard some things though. Bad guy, can't trust him they say. He was Barak Hussein Obama's staff, so I fired him as soon as I got into office." "But Mr. President, you appointed him, he resigned only a week ago." "Fake news. So sad."
There were lines around holidays, but during the average day pretty much no wait.
Make sure it's ultra fine, military grade giltter.
&gt; Yes, but it's not common as property owners or landlords prefers using a Real Estate agency to save them some trouble of dealing directly with prospect tenants even if it costs them a crapload. This is the big one, so many landlords are old pensioners, who are just using their buildings for extra income. Most of the time they want someone else to actually run the place while they just collect the cash.
Real estate agents here usually double dip. They get paid a commission by the landlord, and also have the tenant pay a fee. There are a few though that work only on landlord commissions. I recently moved using [this](http://www.next-o.co.jp/) agent. Really friendly, helpful, and no fees. You still get the guarantor fees and deposits and such, but no realtor fee. There's also [This one](http://www.zero-chintai.jp/) in the Namba area, but I've got no experience with them.
It's still gotta be heavy to push, while sitting. Also the sheer size of it navigating the crowds.
[Fuckin' sale](http://www.japansubculture.com/its-no-ordinary-sale-its-a-fuckin-sale/)!
If you are the person put in charge of the translation staff. You have to prove that you are the boss, that you know better than they could ever know. That's why you're the boss. If you're not correcting them, constantly berating them, or putting them down from time to time, you're not really a good boss. Since that's what bosses do.
Very this. My wa is jumping over the moon at that comment. It shine the people.
Would have been better off having the background singers sing. W T F
The internet.
Coolabah is pretty chill if you want a traditional bar with some music. Otherwise there's also space station which hadn't been mentioned yet.
I wonder how much of that is actual thinking about the economy and benefits of having more foreigners, and how much is "Japan is too hard for poor uncivilized gaijin to understand."
When we have kids my wife wants to give them unique names. I want the most common possible for this reason. The future is data, and I want my kid to be lost in the crowd.
Gamified productivity. I find that I couldn't care less if I'm winning, getting points, levels, or whatever.
I had to read it twice to realize they were referring to Chinese New year too.
The average temp is going to be around 10C (~50F) that time of year. So you don't need a thick coat unless you're going up in the mountains. Night time and wind can make it feel a lot colder though.
Here's an ELI5: CPUCores: Your CPU has many mini-cpus in them called cores. All apps on your computer share these, and windows generally tries to share work among them. With CPUCores, you're kind of reserving some of them. Saying, "My game will run on these cores, and nothing else is allowed to." In theory it's supposed to make sure your game isn't delayed by other apps. In reality, it makes barely any difference, because windows is already good enough at deciding how much cpu power an app needs, and giving it automatically. Clearmem: Imagine you have a whiteboard that everyone in your office is sharing. You want to use it too, but it's full. So you take a photo, and send it to everyone in the office, then erase anything from the board that doesn't look important. Some of the coworkers actually needed what was on the board and will immediately write it back on there. Others will now be slowed down because they have to look at their phones for the whiteboard instead of just looking up from their desks. This is what clearmem does to your system memory. It just wipes away what it doesn't think is important without asking permission from the apps using it. So it can cause other apps to have problems as well. The much better choice is to tell the supervisor (windows) that you need some space, and it will tell everyone to write down what isn't important, and then erase it from the board so you can have the space. It is technically slower, but still more than fast enough, and as the added bonus of not causing any more problems.
For one they have no idea what it even means, and if someone says they need to do it, then they'll believe them. And also, remember early android phones that actually needed memory cleaning? If their phone needs it, then of course they'd think their pc must too.
They do something, but it's something that windows already does for you automatically. When you use these apps, you're basically telling windows that you know what you're doing more than it does. (Hint: you probably don't) The game you mentioned is still in early access, which means they probably haven't completely finished optimizing performance. Any software that gets a big boost by either of these apps is probably either not well programmed or unfinished.
&gt;f you're already at 90%+ RAM usage with very little to spare, and then open a game or large program If you can even get into this situation, you're probably already in trouble, no matter what other apps you try to fix it with.
CPUCores is pretty much unnecessary. Dimmdrive has actual uses such as multiboxing or when you have abysmally slow hard drives but lots of spare memory.
Only the risk of it actually making your system slower than if you hadn't used it.
You paid to install steam?
Splatoon
If you're looking for unique distro features and not just eye candy, there's [nixOS](https://nixos.org/), [gobolinux](https://www.gobolinux.org/), and [bedrock linux](https://bedrocklinux.org).
We should just start putting a larger deposit on bottles, so they actually can get recycled, and force companies who still use them to only use recycled materials.
It definitely is. It's a love letter to every 3d mario game ever made.
Untitled goose game is a riot to watch. You get some goose on human violence, but definitely kid friendly if not a bit short. There's also Endless Ocean. You're a scuba diver who helps fish all day. ABZU had a similar vibe as well if you want something newer. Snake Pass is a puzzle platformer with no violence. And Katamari Damacy is an open-worldish rolling sim?
I couldn't find the ferry story, but [Wikipedia lists some similar stories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_two-dollar_bill#Usage)
So many mods that make the game more "immersive" (spells require studying, cold weather and lack of sleep kills you, nights so dark you can't see 1 foot in front of you, etc.) Don't really make the game more fun, They just add tedious steps to stuff you shouldn't even have to worry about in the first place.
I enjoy how inigo is a well voiced, non-DDD cup breasted follower who doesn't constantly break lore and who isn't constantly telling the dragonborn how how they are, but I hate how overpowered he is, at least at lower levels. He'll take down bosses before I can even get my sword out.
About 75% of mods that are supposed to increase the visual quality of something, end up making them it very out of place in the rest of the world.
I don't think this is the case anymore with v5 that came out recently.
&gt; Why would you pay 25,000 gold for proudspire when the Museum offers you a free house across the street that is superior in every way? Your other points are valid, but this can probably be said about just about any other player home.
That fact that you're a kind of person who would say that about their own mod makes me want to try it lol.
&gt;I think that was removed in the SSE version. It was not, at least not last time I used it.
Shoot him in the head. I didn't make a time machine when I was 13. must be the start of an alien invasion.
Distcc doesn't install any packages itself. It just runs gcc and sends back the result. So you shouldn't need to worry about it installing anything at all. Just make sure you have the same major version of GCC installed on both computers.
Here's some of OP's missing info from their gentoo forum post, since I think they're having trouble posting it here: **make.conf (from emerge --info)** ACCEPT_KEYWORDS="amd64" ACCEPT_LICENSE="@FREE @GPL-COMPATIBLE @FSF-APPROVED @OSI-APPROVED @MISC-FREE @FREE-SOFTWARE @FSF-APPROVED-OTHER @MISC-FREE-DOCS @FREE-DOCUMENTS @FREE @BINARY-REDISTRIBUTABLE NVIDIA-r2" CBUILD="x86_64-pc-linux-gnu" CFLAGS="-march=skylake -O2 -pipe" CHOST="x86_64-pc-linux-gnu" CONFIG_PROTECT="/etc /usr/share/gnupg/qualified.txt" CONFIG_PROTECT_MASK="/etc/ca-certificates.conf /etc/dconf /etc/env.d /etc/fonts/fonts.conf /etc/gconf /etc/gentoo-release /etc/sandbox.d /etc/terminfo" CXXFLAGS="-march=skylake -O2 -pipe" DISTDIR="/var/cache/distfiles" ENV_UNSET="DBUS_SESSION_BUS_ADDRESS DISPLAY GOBIN PERL5LIB PERL5OPT PERLPREFIX PERL_CORE PERL_MB_OPT PERL_MM_OPT XAUTHORITY XDG_CACHE_HOME XDG_CONFIG_HOME XDG_DATA_HOME XDG_RUNTIME_DIR" FCFLAGS="-march=skylake -O2 -pipe" FEATURES="assume-digests binpkg-docompress binpkg-dostrip binpkg-logs config-protect-if-modified distlocks ebuild-locks fixlafiles ipc-sandbox merge-sync multilib-strict network-sandbox news parallel-fetch pid-sandbox preserve-libs protect-owned sandbox sfperms strict unknown-features-warn unmerge-logs unmerge-orphans userfetch userpriv usersandbox usersync xattr" FFLAGS="-march=skylake -O2 -pipe" GENTOO_MIRRORS="https://gentoo.osuosl.org/ http://gentoo.osuosl.org/ https://mirror.sjc02.svwh.net/gentoo/ http://mirror.sjc02.svwh.net/gentoo/" LANG="en_US" LDFLAGS="-Wl,-O1 -Wl,--as-needed" MAKEOPTS="-j9" PKGDIR="/var/cache/binpkgs" PORTAGE_CONFIGROOT="/" PORTAGE_RSYNC_OPTS="--recursive --links --safe-links --perms --times --omit-dir-times --compress --force --whole-file --delete --stats --human-readable --timeout=180 --exclude=/distfiles --exclude=/local --exclude=/packages --exclude=/.git" PORTAGE_TMPDIR="/var/tmp" USE="X a52 aac acl acpi alsa amd64 berkdb bluetooth branding bzip2 cairo cdda cdr cli consolekit crypt cups cxx dbus dri dts dvd dvdr emboss encode exif fam flac fortran gdbm gif gpm gtk iconv icu ipv6 jpeg lcms ldap libnotify libtirpc mad mng mp3 mp4 mpeg multilib ncurses nls nptl ogg opengl openmp pam pango pcre pdf png policykit ppds qt5 readline sdl seccomp spell split-usr sqlite ssl startup-notification svg tcpd tiff truetype udev udisks unicode upower usb vorbis wxwidgets x264 xattr xcb xml xv xvid zlib" ABI_X86="64 32" ADA_TARGET="gnat_2018" ALSA_CARDS="ali5451 als4000 atiixp atiixp-modem bt87x ca0106 cmipci emu10k1x ens1370 ens1371 es1938 es1968 fm801 hda-intel intel8x0 intel8x0m maestro3 trident usb-audio via82xx via82xx-modem ymfpci" APACHE2_MODULES="authn_core authz_core socache_shmcb unixd actions alias auth_basic authn_alias authn_anon authn_dbm authn_default authn_file authz_dbm authz_default authz_groupfile authz_host authz_owner authz_user autoindex cache cgi cgid dav dav_fs dav_lock deflate dir disk_cache env expires ext_filter file_cache filter headers include info log_config logio mem_cache mime mime_magic negotiation rewrite setenvif speling status unique_id userdir usertrack vhost_alias" CALLIGRA_FEATURES="karbon sheets words" COLLECTD_PLUGINS="df interface irq load memory rrdtool swap syslog" CPU_FLAGS_X86="mmx mmxext sse sse2" ELIBC="glibc" GPSD_PROTOCOLS="ashtech aivdm earthmate evermore fv18 garmin garmintxt gpsclock greis isync itrax mtk3301 nmea ntrip navcom oceanserver oldstyle oncore rtcm104v2 rtcm104v3 sirf skytraq superstar2 timing tsip tripmate tnt ublox ubx" GRUB_PLATFORMS="efi-64" INPUT_DEVICES="libinput keyboard mouse" KERNEL="linux" LCD_DEVICES="bayrad cfontz cfontz633 glk hd44780 lb216 lcdm001 mtxorb ncurses text" LIBREOFFICE_EXTENSIONS="presenter-console presenter-minimizer" NETBEANS_MODULES="apisupport cnd groovy gsf harness ide identity j2ee java mobility nb php profiler soa visualweb webcommon websvccommon xml" OFFICE_IMPLEMENTATION="libreoffice" PHP_TARGETS="php7-2" POSTGRES_TARGETS="postgres10 postgres11" PYTHON_SINGLE_TARGET="python3_6" PYTHON_TARGETS="python2_7 python3_6" RUBY_TARGETS="ruby24 ruby25" USERLAND="GNU" VIDEO_CARDS="nvidia" XTABLES_ADDONS="quota2 psd pknock lscan length2 ipv4options ipset ipp2p iface geoip fuzzy condition tee tarpit sysrq steal rawnat logmark ipmark dhcpmac delude chaos account" Unset: CC, CPPFLAGS, CTARGET, CXX, EMERGE_DEFAULT_OPTS, INSTALL_MASK, LC_ALL, LINGUAS, PORTAGE_BINHOST, PORTAGE_BUNZIP2_COMMAND, PORTAGE_COMPRESS, PORTAGE_COMPRESS_FLAGS, PORTAGE_RSYNC_EXTRA_OPTS **This seems to be the error in the LLVM compile** [214/1978] cd /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src-abi_x86_32.x86 &amp;&amp; /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src-abi_x86_32.x86/bin/llvm-tblgen -gen-attrs -I /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include/llvm/IR -I /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include/llvm/IR/Attributes.td -o include/llvm/IR/Attributes.inc -d include/llvm/IR/Attributes.inc.d FAILED: include/llvm/IR/Attributes.inc cd /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src-abi_x86_32.x86 &amp;&amp; /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src-abi_x86_32.x86/bin/llvm-tblgen -gen-attrs -I /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include/llvm/IR -I /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src/include/llvm/IR/Attributes.td -o include/llvm/IR/Attributes.inc -d include/llvm/IR/Attributes.inc.d ERROR: ld.so: object 'libsandbox.so' from LD_PRELOAD cannot be preloaded (cannot open shared object file): ignored. /var/tmp/portage/sys-devel/llvm-8.0.1/work/llvm-8.0.1.src-abi_x86_32.x86/bin/llvm-tblgen: error while loading shared libraries: libz.so.1: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
I thought no one was allowed to even use the toilet without asking permission. How did they all leave?
I really wanted to get into this game, but I couldn't take the fact that it only autosaved once every 30 minutes or so, while crashing about every 20... Did they ever fix all the bugs?
I don't know if I'd call the writing amazing, but To The Moon has brought many a gamer to tears, so that has to count for something.
Option 1: Igor sent it to Lev, presumably using some file sharing service. While looking through documents or emails leaked / given to them, they found the link. Option 2: They know some private usernames or email addresses used by Lev and Igor due to documents. Someone googled one of these and found this audio it. Option 3: The file was called "Trump is a smellypants." and since ABC googles this every day, they found it on accident.
It would mean they admit they did illegal things, but it wouldn't be confirming that others did illegal things. If I'm pardoned for murder, it means I admit my guilt in killing the person. It doesn't prove that someone else told me to do it.
&gt;The witty, flamboyant Monroe began dressing up in a purple gown and carrying a diamond tipped cane and drinking in traditionally black bars in the black area of Memphis, where he would openly socialize with black patrons and hand out tickets to his wrestling shows. As a result of this, he was frequently arrested by police on a variety of vague, trumped up charges, such as mopery.[4] In each case, he would then hire a black attorney and appear in court, pay a small fine, and immediately resume the behavior that resulted in his prior arrests. This guy sounds amazing.
Probably because anime became mainstream, and the sensible people found other places to hang out, while the assholes stayed for the assholery
&gt; Skyrim- DLC gives you a home. There are homes in the main game as well. DLC just lets you build one from scratch.
Didn't SBLive need special drivers for dos? Could it cause issues with non-windows games?
The multiplayer introduced recently in No Man's sky does this wonderfully.
&gt;I still don't understand how matchmaking took over FPS games on the PC. For one, a big save in resources. Instead of having 100 servers that can be full, empty, or somewhere in between. You can have half as many servers, and make sure that they are always full, since you're pushing people to them instead of letting them choose. Another is that it simplifies things, especially for console users who hadn't been used to using long server lists with strange names, and all these ping numbers. So from this perspective too, it lowers dev costs to do it the same way on all platforms, instead of something different on PC from everywhere else.
The whole game is technically multiplayer, but because the galaxy is so big (and there's more than one) you're not too likely to run into anyone. There's a central station that you can enter from anywhere. The station itself is like a multiplayer lobby. you can walk around and see other players and their ships. When you exit, you'll be right back where you went in, and alone. You can also use the teleporter to visit some very nice looking player created bases. However, if you start a multiplayer mission from within the lobby, you'll be automatically paired up with anyone else who also started the mission. When you exit, you're in the solar system of the party leader. once the mission is done you're still in party, and you can either continue playing (either solo still in group,) or go back to your own system. You can also drop in and out of a friend's game any time they are playing, so it makes it really easy to group up and do things like build huge bases. The whole game is kind of chill, and not competitive at all, so the multiplayer generally works that way too. Never run into anyone being assholes at all, but I'm sure they're out there. There's details of the whole patch [here](https://www.nomanssky.com/beyond-update/?cli_action=1580008747.2). It added a lot more than multiplayer, as well.
You are correct, but most games that have matchmaking don't have community servers.
Containers are more secure than sandboxing, why wouldn't they be a good approach?
Don't pay too much attention to distro watch rank. It doesn't really measure quality, just hype. If you don't want to run enlightenment, you've got no reason to run ELive, since it's a distro designed to run enlightenment, kind of like how KDE Neon is designed for plasma.
You are correct, but I would hope that if a user is going out of their way to use an OS that has this feature, that they wouldn't just turn it off. You kind of do an unfair comparison by talking about Android, because AndroidOS is designed from the ground up only to work in sandboxes. So all the apps are programmed with this in mind. Linux apps could have all kinds of unexpected behavior and crashes if they were denied resources they expected to have. Windows UWP software has this exact type of control, but it only works within the UWP platform, it can't be used for other non-uwp apps. I suppose you could install something like Fedora silverblue, and then exclusively install apps from flatpak, I believe flatpak will let you control access in a way you want, although for the most part it's either give the app the permission it wants, or you can't run it. So it's not like you'd gain anything.
That's something I didn't even think of. I really did enjoy the story, but the crashing and loading ruined it for me. If I ever pick it up again, I'll definitely do that.
So do I, that's why I love the new GOG galaxy. It will combine all stores into one launcher. You still need to load a specific store to play it's games, but it's handled automatically.
I'm not sure that linux support is even planned for galaxy 2.0, it's a shame... but all the store integration plugins are [open source](https://github.com/Mixaill/awesome-gog-galaxy) so someone could probably make a 3rd party launcher that does the same thing.
The reason is to annoy you enough to actually pay for the site, but not annoy you enough that you go elsewhere.
&gt;5 seconds now, why not make it 10 seconds in another month? Fuck it, why not a minute? Because then people would stop using it altogether. And it would defeat the purpose. Do you seriously think that if there was no penalty for not paying that everyone would just pay out of the goodness of their hearts? The only "alternate" solution I've seen in this thread is "Just give it all to us for free." If you think that will work, go ahead and start your own mod site.
I really like the night owl cds, but that's probably just because they were the only shareware cds I had.
It's not that it's dangerous, just that it's much more painful.
This is probably the most civil message I've ever seen from Linus.
I think it's just an experiment in using AI to recognize drawings. I could imagine google could use it to auto categorize search terms for images that look hand drawn.
I believe linux mint debian is rolling, but I'm not sure if it's recommendable or not, haven't used it in a long time.
Do you mean for things other than graphics? They do. For example [Intel's Xenon Phi](https://ark.intel.com/content/www/us/en/ark/products/series/92649/intel-xeon-phi-x100-product-family.html) was an add in board that went up to 72 cores, and over 200 threads. And there was plenty of specialized hardware for things like [mining bitcoin](https://www.asicminervalue.com/). The problem with these, and also GPUs, is that they are mostly used for very specific things, and not so useful for anything else. The reason you wouldn't want a huge cored weak cpu as your main cpu is the fact that it would most likely be slower than your few cored fast cpu.
We can only hope that the next generation of consoles support vulkan. Vulkan is technically supported on current-gen hardware, but there's no API for any of them except for the Switch. Vulkan was too young at the time Xbone and PS4 were released. If consoles use it, it may start to become more mainstream on PC ports because there's more code sharing.
Thank's for the tutorials! It's been on and off that they work on linux. Especially with things like SKSE that modify running programs. MO2 was also broken for a while after windows updated, and MO2 was forced to change to a different way of doing things that wasn't supported in wine.
It's not on their [list](http://www.boardgamecaddie.com/?username=TheHearth) of games available to play. But that doesn't mean they don't sell it. You're probably best off asking them directly, there's a FB messenger and email form on their site.
When you do homework and you get something wrong, there's no correction until much later, and you generally don't do it a second time to fix your mistakes. Imagine you're learning to play songs on the piano. You keep playing one note wrong, but no one tells you until next week. Now you know you did it wrong, but you've already moved on to the next song. So you don't have a chance to go back and re-practice the last song you were making a mistake on. Most likely you'll make that mistake again next time you play it. There's a lot to be gained from having instant correction. And especially the chance to fix your mistakes. I teach ESL, and when we are doing worksheets in class, I mark the answers that are correct, then give them back to the student, so they can try again on the ones they got wrong. Actually learning it is much more important than getting a good or bad grade on the paper iself. Repetition is great for learning, but only if you're doing it right in the first place.
You get a much better picture with s-video than with composite.
I think you spelled floppy disk wrong, youngin'.
It's that thing from guardians of the galaxy.
No one actually played on channel 4 though.
It's too bad all the FOX news pundits that have something true to say are only played once, while the talking heads who defend the president to the death are put on repeat.
I'm really tired of all the former trump goons just writing books about all the shady stuff that happened, instead of actually reporting it and doing something about it. It's almost like they agreed with it all at the time...
Corn and tomatoes as well.
It's just a warm spell in Japan's already mild winters. Global warming is real, no doubt, but you can't really just look at a single day to prove it. We should be back to wintry weather by the weekend.
Can you partition the drive into smaller partitions? Or it's the total physical size that's the problem?
Gotta have some protection when it mutates and turns everyone into zombies.
Surprised no one mentioned it yet, but Call of Cthulhu: Dark corners of the earth" was pretty good. It's a nice balance between when you should hide, and when you should fight.
Thanks for the advice! I'll look into your suggestions.
What you put in it is not universal, but the method still is. No matter what car, you have a hole that fits every gas pump everywhere.
Bacon. A whole lot more bacon.
I thought hero was what they called them in Japan, because they aren't really ninja.
Lots of strange random changes are made for American versions of things.
You may give voidlinux a try. It's somewhere in between arch and gentoo in how it functions. The package manager works a lot like pacman, but the package repo is more like portage. You've basically got a git portage tree checked out, and can modify and recompile as much as you want, but there are also binary packages for everything. The package format is similar to the pkgbuild and ebuild format as well. So much more human readable than den or rpm. It uses runit as the main init system which could give you some novelty. It's a rolling distro, but doesn't have the community that arch and gentoo have, so I'd expect updates aren't as fast. But you can quickly make what you need as well.
I'd say give it a bit more time. It took me a few weeks and reinstalls of opensuse before I figured out how awesome zypper was. A lot of your dislike of pacman may just be due to familiarity with apt.
So really we need to have the slogan "Make America Germany again." The left will like it because they understand that we mean modern Germany and their social policies. The right will love it because they'll think we mean Nazis.
It definitely isn't the same a a mask, but it's also definitely better than nothing at all.
You're getting sandbox errors. are you using a login shell to run emerge?
An excuse to make you play it more.
Odyssey is still my favorite, but I liked sunshine more than galaxy, which seems to be the popular one.
Toilets only work in every other building. And the ones that work and don't work swap at 7pm... sometimes.
I feel like there was exactly this headline a few years ago for a different scandal.
&gt;The truth will come out and it will make the GOP look worse But by then it will be too late, and talking about it will be crimes against the party, punishable by execution.
I think the point is that hes doing it publicly. If they won't let witnesses appear,they should all send public letters with their testimonies in them.
Apartment type is where a wire comes to the building, and is wired into the rooms from a central location. House type is a private line directly from outside. While it's possible to have house type if you're in the lower floors of an apartment building, landlords would rather you use lines that are already there than install new ones. What you really need to do is go to your local electronics store's internet counter, and they can look up your building to tell you which ISPs it's wired for. Then you make your choices from those.
You're using the same wires initially, but you'll be routed through the servers of the ISP you choose. So depending on their policies, infrastructure, and peering, the answer is yes. You can have a totally different experience with different ISPs.
Finally someone asking the important questions!
So when there is a plane crash what happens? Is it re-runs or do they have a second studio for non plane crash reporting?
Tylenol. It's much easier to overdose than you think. And it can kill you if you do.
And there's not much software that involves custom kernel modules. Whereas on windows we may have tons of them soon if this catches on. I can't wait for anti-cheat software to start complaining about each other.
Push the detonator button. I'm always prepared.
I bought a VR display, the rest goes to savings.
I think it's a "be more careful" warning, although seeing as corona virus can be in your system two or three weeks before you show symptoms, it's not like they can just treat it like a pollen forecast.
Joke's on you. My dog is already dead.
And for people like me who had prime, but didn't know about twitch prime
Not sure if it's in the installer, but if networkmanager is available, you could try nmtui.
So let me start by saying I have lots of experience with opensuse, but not a lot with fedora, so a lot of my opinions may only be because I haven't used it a lot, and that's because every time I do, it just rubs me the wrong way. For starters, I think zypper is the best rpm-based package manager. It took me a while to get my head around some of the features (repo priorities vs package vendors, and how to install only the patterns I want, without depending on others) but It gets the job done, is very polished and powerful. Yum on the other hand feels like I have a lot less control over what's going on. To me, eveen though they are both RPM based managers, zypper and yum feel as different as pacman and apt, Fedora also feels very opinionated to me. It shares a lot of devs with red hat, so I'm sure it's on purpose. Things are all set up in a "we know what's best for you" kind of way. I'm also a KDE guy, so it's nice to work on a distro that puts KDE first. Fedora is also one of the few distros I haven't really figured out how to do a complete base install without using their installer. Which is mostly what prevents me from working with it. Every time I *have* gotten it installed, it never lasts more than a day. But I am always attracted to Fedora because it seems to me like a good compromise between rolling and non-rolling distros, since it updates quite frequently, and tries to have the newest versions of packages. Lots of people also swear by Fedora, so it can't be that bad. I just don't think it was ever for me.
I'd imagine it's a combo of solid colors with little shading and simple shapes.
Dospara and PC ones are my go to shops for sure.
It's on the main street, closer to ebisuchuo station https://www.1-s.jp/doc/shop/
Man, trump sure does love holding folded up paper to prove things.
You should counter with [this photo](https://twitter.com/megan1103/status/1268343976421097472). and show him exactly what leader has the balls. There's a huge difference between a bully and a leader.
&gt; I don't trust any Japanese organization to protect my personal information. So does that mean you're not registered at city hall or immigration either?
"It will take considerable time" Obviously since they are all written in, so they have to be checked one by one. And also probably require no less than 4 stamps each.
A global pandemic that started in China of all places. As if the Chinese government would give permission any foreign power to do something like that.
Huh?
Nah I just meant it needs to go through layers of beuracurcy
It's not really back in time if it's not filled with men in hats and cigar smoke.
Don't know about that game in particular, but if you just want to play some cards, you might look into [Hoyle book of games](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlaTS193PUM).
Well, he did say he was going to build a wall...
That's just the VGA version of the EGA game I posted. Book of games had three volumes: vol 1: Card games vol 2: Solitaire vol 3: Board games
How did I get so far down with no one mentioning Ghost Busters?
13% unemployment. So much winning.
History may remember them, But I really wish *voters* would remember.
When Trump cries '\_\_\_\_\_\_\_' it's an excuse to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ his enemies. FTFY
Wasn't that one of the the original promises of humble monthly? that they wouldn't re-bundle?
Hellblade not available in all regions apparently.
Yeah, it's like they're trying some psychology trick to add choice into the mix and make us feel like we're getting a better deal.
People probably already thought a badge was a license, seeing how it's seen in Hollywood when a cop gets their badge taken away
Just got a quest a few weeks ago and am loving it so far. I got a "welcome credit" of 600 yen (I'm in Japan.) But I can't really find anything worthwhile to spend it on without going over. I do most of my gaming via steamvr, so I would rather buy full games there, but also don't want to waste free money. Any suggestions on what I should spend it on? Don't worry so much about the currency, It looks to me like oculus doesn't really do regional pricing, so you can just pretend that it's $6 credit.
In regards to #2, any usb c cable will work. I bought a 3 meter usb-C cable on amazon for about $12. Just be careful that it's usb 3+. Although I think you may have a different issue, since normally it would be detected but warn that it's usb 2.0. I found with the included cable on mine that I needed to put it in the headset upside down (wire going up) for it to work properly.
Where are you playing? both being too bright, and too dark, can mess with the cameras.
Wow I forgot how heavy those were. My first iPod was gen 2 or gen3, whatever was the first model that used the touch wheel.
&gt; buying LV at DQ not the LV store Wouldn't that kind of imply that ALL of the items are grey items?
Do you have a link for it on the store? I searched and don't see anything with that name
Thanks, I figured out why I couldn't see it. The store inside the quest, and the store from the oculus app on my pc are not the same store.
The important question though: is Super Nintendo World delayed?
Or maybe off of the registered voter list.
The law says that non citizens can't be involved in political activities.
My wife is a dependant too, we opened a seven bank account, just scanned a utility bill with my name on it, and it was accepted. Maybe as long as the family name and address match, it's ok.
Pretty painless, but slow, as all things are in Japan. It was a few years ago so it could have all changed though. I don't remember having to jump through any extra hoops than I did for a UFJ bank account.
&gt;what I need to do now to make sure the transfer goes through Talk to the bank staff?
My friend dated a Japanese guy who refused to visit all of Osaka because he thought it was too dangerous.
I've seen it for sale in the language section of the big Junkudo in Osaka.
It might be that you only get music with a certain sound card. Or it is possible that this game came originally on CD, and uses the cd audio tracks for music.
Is it really a rumor? Sega already has the [Denuvo activation page for it](https://support.codefusion.technology/pso4_gpn24w/?l=english).
The occulus site ships from the US doesn't it? may be the same as waiting for amazon to restock.
Definitely look up people talking about comfort on it though. Mine neeeded some mods before I could wear it for more than an hour or so.
I was more talking about delays due to coronavirus.
And the design looks kind of like 70's sci-fi.
Does mad max count?
So, Hawkeye, Punisher, Black Widow, and Batgirl are all out as well?
Now if only my building didn't have auto-lock.
If coronavirus goes around they'll just blame liberals who snuck in.
&gt;loved Not hopeful for star citizen then?
I used to love jrpgs, now I hate them.
I've got the same problem yet SMART status on the disk shows no issues, also my linux partition seems not to have any issues with the drive at all.
What if all the partitions are important? My partition layout is as follows: P1: EFI P2: Linux system P3: NTFS Data partition for all my documents / etc. P4: Windows system I've run chkdisk on all the ntfs partitions and found no errors, I also tried a manual defrag. Smart status is ok as well. Is there any way to actually see a log or something showing that it's having read errors? Linux has no trouble with any of the partitions. Only happens when I'm in windows.
It's vaudville entertainment with 90's decorations.
Shit, I just watched the video to remember what you're talking about.. his fucking eyes right before that line will haunt me forever.
You don't really need disk images for most games. You can just unzip the files to floppy.
Working as an animator is not the same as creating a series, at the time he had only *created* adult cartoons.
I really like virtualized surround sound. I've got various software set up that enable it on my pc, but I'm curious if there exists a hardware device that is universal, which I could use without special software on multiple devices. I suppose it would have to be something like a bluetooth audio reciever dongle, since it couldn't be accomplished with just a standard stereo jack. Does something like this exist? I can find lots of usb dongles (which still require software installed) but nothing that's truly portable. Edit: just discovered that Bluetooth audio only supports two channels, so for now this is pretty much impossible.
Oh, I see. I misread your original post as that steamvr itself only worked on windows.
All these arguments always seem to be about init systems, which was the argument that got systemd installed by default, but was never the purpose of systemd. Systemd was always meant to be a clone of [Apple's launchd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Launchd). It just happens to also include an init-daemon as part of that.
&gt; How many Gentoo and Slackware systems are running production infrastructure? Certainly not a lot, compared to Debian/Ubuntu/Red Hat/CentOS. I'd argue that this is less due to do with the distributions themselves, and more to do with commercial support.
Announcing Quest 2: Even more face pain!
There's a difference between cluster testing where the government tries to track who known infected people came in contact with, and companies with greater risk voluntarily testing all their staff.
Your name *should* already be filled in for the main part of the application. Mine was at least. For your bank account name, you need to use the name as it's written on the inside of your bank book, since that's what comes up to verify that you're sending cash to the correct account.
I'd assume there's still not a big demand for international travel yet. Most likely these will be business trips.
If New Zealand is a country, how come it's not on any maps?
I'm sure the trumpites will just blame liberal media for causing him so much stress.
Sakura checks against other sites, reviewmeta detects fake reviews. Meaning if other sites have fake reviews, then sakura is useless.
It sucks, but there's not really any better alternatives.
Rakuten is the MySpace of online shopping.
Did an update break it? I had been playing NMS on linux with no problems ever since the vulkan beta. Make sure you're using the vulkan version and you should see a huge performance bump.
I pretty much always used to do the camping in the woods. Puts you near where you need to be for the main quest to start, and not in immediate danger. But nowadays I just use random alternate start. No fuss over the story behind where you start. Just pick some starting gear, and randomly get dropped into the world.
Are you a bot? Your post history looks pretty bot-like to me.
Treasure hunters would love that power
Extremely fat
The question is: Is .07% enough to be significant, or could it be easily explained away by amount or method of testing?
While /u/YaztromoX is correct in explaining why web browsers have become so complicated, I think they missed the real reason: Because they can. In the past, most software in general needed to be small and highly optimized, due to a scarcity of memory and CPU power. Modern computers have more than enough resources, so programmers have become less worried about using it all, creating programs that eat up much more resources.
Agreed. You probably can't throw a ton of visual enhancements at it, but you couldn't with classic either. Stability is the biggest benefit of SSE. If you can get it cheap, go for it.
&gt;I wanted to know if some of you use this kind of setup. If you do, what is the primary reason? I distro hop, and don't like to wipe out one distro to try out another. &gt;Is there anything like distro compatibility, like Linux X is better than Linux Z when dual booting with Linux Y. In general no, but some of them will try to take over your boot settings more than others. &gt;As mentioned, I am thinking of doing multi distro setup. For the time being I am thinking of Arch, Fedora and Elementary Os/LMDE. So I can get all 3 types of major distro types. Any better suggestions if you have. (I hate Ubuntu, so using it's derivatives) Can't answer this so well without knowing why you want these specific distros. If you're wanting to use specific features or packages available on them, and also don't mind tinkering with semi-experimental layouts, you may look into bedrock linux instead. &gt;In multi-distro setup, how do you handle boot loader? Just use the boot loader of last installed Linux or is there a way to customize and use other distros boot loader? I use rEFInd as my main boot loader, and let each distro install it's own GRUB on the EFI partition. rEFInd picks them up automatically. Don't let a distro create a separate partition for /boot, and most of them work without any modification. &gt; Anything else that you can suggest or caution me about. I'd suggest not using the same home directory for all distros. You'll run into problems with different versions of software, or assumptions about where other things should be. I have a shared partition, where I put things like documents, downloads, ssh keys, etc. Then I just symlink what I need into each distro's home directory.
It's possible to set it up to boot without a second boot loader manually, assuming the kernel used by the distro is configured with EFI stub support. But I find it's better not to fight with the defaults. If you chain boot loaders, then you don't have to do anything manually. The distro is free to update grub and update kernel packages, and edit all the config files it expects to be there. The alternative would possibly mean having to manually edit the rEFInd config every time a kernel is updated in some distros. Also by bypassing GRUB this way, you MUST manually configure each kernel as well if you're using any kernel parameters at all, since they can't be auto-detected. And if you use a distro that doesn't delete old kernels, you could end up with a menu entry in refind for every single version of the kernel installed. Suffice to say, it's much less hassle to let the distros assume that they have full control over the bootloader. Just think of rEFInd as a bootloader selector instead of a bootloader itself. &gt;I am using these distros because majority of others are based on them. I don't like ubuntu, so I am using lmde or EOS. I thought of debian but I have read it uses pretty old packages. But why all three? If you just want to test them out and see what you like, it might be better not to have the option to jump between them so easily. Use one for a few days, then move on to the next. &gt;And yes, I am only creating root partition for each distro. Not even swap partition. If you need a swap partition, it can safely be shared across all distros, as long as you're not using hibernation.
There's not really any benefit for a normal user to run more distros concurrently, but it's always nice to be able to try out a new distro for a while without deleting the old one. Maybe there's some benefit for a developer to be able to test on multiple distros, but I'd assume VMs would be better suited for that. For me it's just nice to try out a new distro, try it out for a while, and then if I don't like it, just switch back to the old without losing anything. So I mostly concur with everything you said here. The idea of distrohopping isn't to switch around for eternity, it's to find what you want to use, and then stay there.
go into your privacy settings and turn off inking and typing personalization
&gt; "You can't arrest a Republican ~~in an election year~~." FTFY
More like Pence, who is probably already effectively president and just hiding behind Trump's incompetence.
This is an old school "swipe right on everyone" strategy.
A 3d game uses more power, but I'd imagine under the hood, they are pretty simple. "Simple" meaning that they all basically use the same types of API, not many special OS features, or external libraries. The problem with MS office is that it depends on tons of microsoft-specific stuff that is assumed to be there in windows, but is not there on linux. To get a game working, maybe you need directx, and an audio library. To get office running, you might need .net, msxml, parts of internet explorer, windows-specific networking stuff, and who knows what else. Adobe I can't really speak for, but I'd assume it's a lot to do with DRM, and a little of the above.
Not open source, but if you want the best office compatibility, you can just run the online versions of MS office on linux.
It's "compatible" but not completely compatible. When you're working with writing papers or simple spreadsheets, it doesn't matter. But when you're working with complex stuff, the problems start to pop up. Here's some problems I've run into (and this is just what I can think off the top of my head) * Calc lets you have bigger sized cells than Excel. * Some Function names in Excel and Calc are different * Different ways of locking the file, so nothing stopping two people from editing at the same time. I turned on "MS compatible" locking in libreoffice. It stopped others from editing files I had opened, by crashing MS office when they tried to open them. * Different font effects * Embedded images sometimes are the right size, sometimes not. &gt;should be blamed on Microsoft going against established standards and blocking things off for the sake of profit. In the case of Office, [Microsoft actually created the standard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office_Open_XML) But their software doesn't follow its own format properly.
Vulkan isn't really picking up steam as fast as I'd have liked it to. The problem with PC gaming in general is that consoles are holding us back. The next gen PlayStation will mainly use their own APIs (GNM and GNMX,) and Xbox will be using DX12 Pro. While they may support vulkan at some level, it's definitely not a first-class API on either system. So as long as companies are trying to cut corners on porting costs, we'll most likely be stuck with the majority of AAA games still being windows only.
Steam doesn't force DRM on anyone, there are plenty of [DRM free games on steam](https://steam.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_DRM-free_games). On steam, you have a choice of using Steamworks DRM, DRM-free, or any 3rd party DRM you wish. Epic just doesn't have their own DRM built into the store, so your choices are 3rd party DRM, or DRM-free.
It's a DRM (anti-piracy) for pc games. It's controversial mostly because in many games it seems to hurt performance, in exchange for making the game extremely hard to pirate. It's also from the same company that brought us [SecuROM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SecuROM)
It's not going to matter too much. You'll be stuck with whatever your apartment is wired to. Probably better if people list companies to avoid so you can cross them off of the choice list you're given.
&gt;Most Americans Say This Is Lowest Point in U.S. History in Living Memory And the others are so proud that we have made america so great
&gt; The electoral college isn't itself a body making decisions [yet](https://theconversation.com/supreme-court-to-decide-the-future-of-the-electoral-college-138754)
Creepy dudes means you're a female then. I'd just suggest avoiding a station with tons of bars / other night life. Look for a small station maybe in between a few busy ones. Transportation is really easy in the city, so as long as you're not on the other side of town you can get to just about anywhere in a reasonable amount of time. What will you be doing and what kind of places do you usually go to in a city? look for convenience first. If you're looking to avoid creepers, I'd say avoid any main stations: umeda, namba, tennouji, etc. Also avoid the lesser ones that are hubs or nightlife stations: kyobashi, juso, shinsaibashi, tenma. The further you go from the big stations, the calmer and cheaper things will be.
Are you the foreigner that lives across the street from me?
l
You forget that trump defined "fake news" as any news he doesn't like.
You could try out voidlinux, or maybe artix, since you said arch was almost perfect.
Or maybe the 5.5% are elderly and want to retire.
Openrc works a lot like traditional systems with an /etc/init.d. runit still uses shell scripts, but works quite differently, so it could take a little longer to figure out.
Question time: This is the "Trump is crazy story." So what is is covering up? Possibly to distract us from their using Nazi imagery in facebook ads? Making the media forget about Bolton's book?
Definitely check out Artix then. It's a fork of arch with openrc.
Never used it myself, but you should be just fine. very few apps actually depend on systemd, and those are the only ones changed.
On my home pc I run gentoo, and I switch between arch and opensuse on my work laptop.
It's kind of hilarious how wonky those hands look, but It's great progress on tracking for sure.
It's just as capable as any other rolling distro like arch or tumbleweed. I'd say the big difference is that less is done for you. Especially compared to arch, where there's pretty much an AUR package for every niche use case. If you're just going to install steam, or use lutris, you're generally ok though. Gentoo as a distro itself takes a lot of knowing and understanding what's going on under the hood if you want to get the fullest out of it. People say arch forces you to learn about the system, because you need to set lots of stuff up manually, and pay more attention to specific packages being installed. Gentoo on the other hand does that, plus you need to understand about compiling software as well as tweaking individual features of packages. I generally don't recommend gentoo for anyone. It's more of an "if you know you want it, then you want it. if you don't know if you want it, then you probably don't" type of deal. Gentoo is great for some, but it's definitely not for everyone.
openSUSE just fits for me. I like the decisions made by the developers. And I think that zypper is one of the best package managers around. I really like the concept of being able to lock a package to a specific repository, and having OBS to auto-build my custom packages into a personal repo. The package selection isn't so great, especially compared to arch's AUR, but they've got all the standard stuff. opensuse is basically a minimal and much less opinionated fedora or ubuntu, with a lot more effort put into having a stable rolling distro. I should also mention that it's not 100% rolling. They work on snapshots. So a few times a week, they release a new snapshot, depending on how many bugs or issues there are. Plenty of bugs get through, as in any rolling distro, but they are very focused on not adding a new version of a package to a snapshot if there are problems. Arch by far has the most software, and AUR is super convenient. But there's some of problems I have with it. Arch seems to have a policy of "newest version and nothing else, no matter what." so even when it breaks some other packages, you may get a library update, and no way to have a compatible version. The "fix" to these problems is to hope that someone makes a 3rd party repo, or an AUR package. The arch devs will never address it. The same goes with the kernel, not only is the newest release the only version available (other than LTS,) but **they delete all the files for the currently running kernel** when it's updated, which seems pretty crazy to me.
You can vote in your previous address as long as you don't register elsewhere as well. It's designed for people who are away temporarily like students, expats, or military.
You can try to "move on" from bad press, but you can't just sweep a plague under the rug.
1:48:39 for those who don't see the time backwards in their browser.
Won't be just argue that as head of the doj, he's in charge of all federal courts and law enforcement, Answering only to the president?
Just like they did with all the other subpoena dodgers?
Most of them are prepaid. So you have to "charge" it before you can use it. PayPay apparently is done via atm deposit. LINE Pay just takes cash out of my bank automatically.
It's not like you have to sit around with the game on and wait for the bridge to be built. Play time is only counted while you are playing.
I don't know that we need to tell OP to play a new game, but 400 hours is the equivalent of playing 4 hours a day, every day, for three months straight. I don't think AC devs meant for the game to be played that way in the first place, so while OP ran out of content, I'm sure there's tons of players who have barely touched the surface. It's not really fair to blame the devs for marathon gaming of a game that's designed to be played in short bursts.
Cell phones mostly run on arm. So basically mobile game devs will now be able to more easily shovel their trash on to Macs.
He was hoping he could sell them to other countries for a profit, not realizing that other countries actually had their shit together, and gave a decent response to coronavirus.
In terms of time, elite dangerous or Skyrim. In terms of times I've gone back to play again, quest for glory.
/r/holdmybeer
He should do this every month. $1,200 to all citizens with no strings attached. Just imagine how much financial security it would give everyone! If only someone had thought of this before and there was some catchy term for it...
Is there any way to download/save or at least bookmark stuff I like on quill theater?
plug the wire into your quest upside down, I know it's usb-c and it's supposed to work in all directions, but mine didn't link right with the wire down. maybe a pin is loose in it or something.
This is probably it. Oculus asked the dev of virtual desktop not to allow steam link in the official version, so he released a patch to enable it using sidequest.
&gt;Debian/Ubuntu based Obviously not debian since you want up to date, and not rolling, but why not Ubuntu or Mint? It's much more helpful for us if we know what is wrong with the obvious answers. &gt;Up-to-date packages but not rolling release. You're pretty much gonna have to find something based on Ubuntu for this requirement. Debian has two flavors, old stable, and rolling. It's a huge undertaking to grab specific package versions somewhere in between and come up with a stable, non-rolling version. That's probably the reason that Ubuntu is the only ones who do it. &gt; Vanilla or minimally customized GNOME. You mean you don't want a theme, no extensions by default, less apps? Can you elaborate more on what you consider customized gnome?
You could probably take any distro, and just install [EmulationStation](https://emulationstation.org/index.html) on it, then you get a full desktop, plus the retro gaming you want. On the other hand, if you want an all in one interface, your only option may be to pick an up-to-date distro, and install [Kodi](https://www.kodi.tv). Kodi is a media center, but it also has libretro built in and can be controlled by a controller. There's also a [3rd party addon](https://github.com/CastagnaIT/plugin.video.netflix) To get netflix support. I know one exists for Prime as well, but I don't have the link handy. That might be a bit tricky to set up, and I don't think it will be a perfect experience, but possibly the only way to get both things in one place.
Playing from network shares (SMB)? It seems like skybox is the only player that supports this and it's a highly requested feature on every other video player. If you could support this, you'd have the only free player to do so.
Weed is still illegal on the federal level isn't it? When states talk about legalizing it, they aren't making it legal, they are just refusing to enforce the law. So isn't the DOJ well within its rights to go after Marijuana companies? I understand that the point is him acting based on personal beliefs, I'm just worried that it's a shaky case.
Is that the case? I thought they were decriminalized, meaning it's still illegal, but won't' be enforced. States can't override federal law.
The Teletubbies movie
I read a review of the Uniqlo summer masks. They said that it's made of the airsim material, but so many layers thick, that a normal mask is actually cooler.
He'll just tell them that liberals did it, and they'll believe him.
I remember when it came out, and there were tons of reviews with dicks hanging out.
It's money. the cure for all diseases
I think their definition of "theme park" is a bit loose for my taste.
Call your {Dwarven Luggage}
And last week they did a petition to rename the city to "Flavortown"
Because of the diversity of the city, Columbus is also a very common city used to test market new foods as well.
In the current thread they have basically two replies: "They were never briefed" and "The report is from the NYT and they're probably lying"
I think the whole Aria part of Crypt of the Necrodancer should count as a boss fight. If you get any weapon other than the weakest, you die. Pick up armor, you die. Get hit once, you die. Miss two beats, you die. Then you have to run the entire game in reverse order.
I remember this game. If I recall it's actually japanese and there's a fan translation of it. The name of the game I think is the name of the city. Edit: /u/Ahura_Volvo remembered better, I think it's Elona.
To make sure they actually read the rule.
TIL donald trump was on twitch
It took them months of pressure to even get what we had the first SoE, it will probably take double that to do it again.
But really this is not bad yet, and close to ideal. Until there's a vaccine, we can't stop corona, all we can do is keep it slow enough that the medical system can handle it. So far, that's been exactly what's happening. If we get a bigger surge, then the situation may change, but just because cases are slowly going up doesn't mean we immediately need to lock down again.
And even easier when no maps will take you therr
From the sidebar (emphasis mine): &gt;This comment is an act of good faith–**confirming you have read the rules and will abide by them.** Users that do not follow the rules after commenting on their post may be subject to an immediate ban. If they just post and leave, it means they haven't paid attention. (which is what lots of people were doing before the rule was made apparently.)
Root Beer
FreeBSD.
