I'll have to agree with u/SereneMishap: I love the Lore Wizard. Some on this sub have argued that changing spell types should be the domain of the sorcerer, but I disagree. A function missing from the Wizard - one who studies the deepest depths of magic - is spell creation, and changing the element of your spells is the closest thing to outright spell creation without a potentially broken or confusing mess being made.
And adding to your point, they typically charge the **same amount** for the digital content as they do the physical book, despite one having actual, factual production costs and the other not so.
&gt; The compromise I made with myself in the process was to decide never to buy another physical D&amp;D book again. And so in a few years' time when D&amp;DB shuts down you'll be left out of pocket with no 5e content while those of us with physical books can still play the game.
high magic and/or homebrew. Otherwise...touche, my bad, :P
Are you unfamiliar with the idea of people being idiots, naive, or just whales?
No, I think they do cover it quite easily. Naivete in particular. There's a LOT of naive people. And idiots breed like flies. Why do you think EA keeps managing to find an audience for their awful games?
&gt; It’s easy to misplace or damage physical stuff If you're careless with valuable objects, perhaps. But then you can say the same about computers and phones, the things what you need to access your digital content.
&gt; Horses being immune to lava? Why on earth aren't these invincible beasts ruling the world?! Because they're still weak to Pikes.
Then I go in and "Harvest" it for gold.
&gt; A druid who wears metal armornis no longer a druid. I beg to differ. A druid can believe in harmony of nature and man, to which mining is still a necessary evil. Or perhaps they're full hippie and believe in sustainable farming - getting metal from other sources, such as recycling metal which has already been mined, or taking it from creatures that produce it, or using magic to transmute other materials into it.
Victoria - Student Council President Teddy Roosevelt - Chess Club Manager Pericles - Prefect
&gt; you're obviously looking for what's RAW, and that is the Druid will never put that armor on, Not true at all. 'Will not' is not the same as 'cannot' or 'loses their powers if they do'.
They would have a surprising number of "Anone Mouse"s in their system who live at 123 Fake Street, Springfield.
Given enough time, I can easily see you reaching a point where your mod leaders will be indistinguishable from the official ones.
A fair point.
Yeah. After reading that review, skimming a few things in the book and comments on other chapters, I definitely think there's a lot I can do with Waterdeep even without the main quest. Seems more like a "what you make of it" thing.
Seems interesting, though I think I can improvise enough to negat eany issues I come across, personally.
I hope the Pink &amp; White Terraces will be included as a natural wonder. It's so sad that an IRL natural wonder could be lost like that. Nature be a cruel mistress.
A fair point, I suppose. Just comes off as a little odd is all when it's possible to join crime factions.
Having a seemingly mythological leader feels a tad baffling. However, the abilities appear solid. Also, his animations are very...uh, animated.
&gt; I hope that the win achievement for them is “Unity, Duty, Destiny” Even though the Maori sued them over that (which I think was completely stupid), all I can say to this is YES, YES, YES, DO IT!
Not a big fan of Gilgamesh's presence either (nor particularly enthused by Dido's, assuming the leak is indeed accurate). I do prefer the historically demonstrable individuals. I'd happily trade in Gilgamesh and "Sumeria" for Hammurabi and Babylon. And personally, I feel the civ team should pay more attention to actual leaders than mythological ones.
Good point. I brought up the lack of kidnapping laws to a friend and they pointed out that most ways one would kidnap are already covered.
Additionally, those 2 techs give you a **massive** headstart on building the Colossussince you have only 2 techs to research (Astrology, Celestial Navigation) rather than 3.
Did you just ignore ma boi Chandragupta?
Reusing a civ doesn't make them the same every game, after all. Trajan's Rome plays very different to Augustus Caesar's, and a Hammurabi Babylon would play differently to Nebudchenezzar II.
&gt; and embarked units are only able to defend against naval attacks thus they aren't a threat. Not entirely. They can also attack units on land, or cities, from the sea.
That I won't deny, I just think there are better ways to go about it than using mythological figures. I mean, in Sumer's case they couldn't even get the civ name right :P
Possibly, most references I've seen refer to it as a lawsuit. Either way, gives me a bad taste. Only good thing I think came of it was that the franchise moved into a more SciFi direction which proved more interesting than the tribal one.
IIRC, the Maori did not have a writing system until after European contact.
since you start with Sailing, that builder is intended to go with Fishing Boats for sweet, sweet culture bomb.
Someone has to make a mod that replaces the Toa unit model with the Toa Mata. :P
Feels a little Choosing Beggar-y. The art's nice, though.
Sooo My party (level 9) are continuing their delve into "Mount Kobhor". They finally rest after taking out four black Puddings in the swimming pool, and the following day I laugh. I tell them that they feel as though they are forgetting something. One player (the Rogue) manages to recall it being a day that Academics don't like, called Anomaly Day. In my world's calendar, there are 3 months in each season, with 4 7-day weeks. The exception to this is Summer, with a fourth month and 29 days instead of 28. This 29th day is known as "Anomaly Day", "Opposite Day", and "The Day That Never Is" across the world. It is a day when all magical institutions shut down entirely for the day, for the Weave is unstable this day and all active magical effects go wild (not continuous effects, however). The party had been so caught up in adventuring that in-character they lost track of the time, and one of the characters who works for a magical institution notes (in-character, going with the flow of what I told them) "this is the one day that all bureaucracy shuts down." Once the party are informed OOC and "remember" IC what's so special about this day, they all become worried because half of them are magic-users, and they're in a tough dungeon. The Merchant is forced to use magic first, in order to identify some loot found in the Locker Room. His spell goes wild, and he discovers a chicken's Wishbone in his pocket (This bone grants a wish when broken). As the party progressed to a cafeteria in ruins, the Merchant once again cast Identify on a staff he found under a table. The Wild magic affected his mind. I quote myself: "Harland, you finish identifying the staff and its properties. After which, you then look down...and notice you are wearing clothes. And you are horrified by this fact." The Wild Magic turned him into a nudist, which caused major embarrassment for the Tiefling druid who was slowly developing a relationship with him. She eventually forced herself to cast Dispel Magic on him, which ended the Nudist property but that spell then went wild and she Banished herself for a minute. The party do some investigating, and find a bank vault. This is the room I had been preparing for ages; a major boss fight which I believed the party could only handle with a powerful magic item on hand. The party began investigating the bank vault, the merchant used Identify once again, and got a minor, unimportant wild magic effect. The item he identified was something to make the boss a little easier; a "Rod of Emergency Resurrection". This rod didn't need attunement and had more charges, but could never regain charges. He also found a Talisman of ultimate evil which burned him. The Rogue then took it, and thanks to me forgetting previous loot, she turned it into a healing item thanks to her Ring of Necrotic Absorption. (I'll have the last laugh on that later, though). The floor fell through, revealing a gargantuan black dracolich atop a wall. The battle began; the party vs Diilduin, an Ancient Black Draolich. With the Wild Magic, things were...hectic. The Sorcerer used Fireball, and wound up having all his stats reset to 10, and got to re-allocate them however he wanted. Next time, the Sorcerer had his soul ripped from his body and placed in a jewel within a gold cradle around his neck. The Dragon then swooped in, ate the jewel, killing the sorcerer and destroying his soul (until the Merchant was forced to use the Wishbone to bring him back, just praying the wishbone actually granted wishes). Oh, on that note, the Merchant tried to make 3 wishes at once. I granted the first, and smited him for 10d6 radiant for trying to game the system. lesson learned. Other wild magic madness: The Druid was turned into a Wererat (but she does not know it yet IC) The Merchant summoned a pair of cursed sunglasses, which made him both vain and incapable of NOT singing. The Druid suffered the same soul-gemming that the Sorcerer got (but at least hers wasn't eaten). And finally, when the Justiciar landed the last hit and slayed the Dracolich, her wild magic effect caused her to get the funniest and most ironic one: "You become obsessed with dragons and draconic creatures of all shapes and sizes. You refuse to ride any vehicle that lacks any resemblance to a dragon, and are violent towards those who belittle dragons. (For 2 Weeks)" Everyone gained 8000 XP from that fight, and now I need to work out how to get rid of that Talisman or Ring, and the mostly-unused Rod of Emergency Resurrection. But that's no big deal, throwing massive enemies at my party is fun for us all.
To be more accurate, it was commonly believed for years that there was a lawsuit, but it seems to have been more a threat of lawsuit by a "Maori Intellectual Property lawyer" (wtf?). Either way it was just nonsense and something that made me think less of Lego for just obeying a bunch of nutters. That said, I somewhat firmly believe that had Lego refused, the case would have been thrown out in the US, at least. Probably Europe too back in the day.
No, not really. Doesn't matter if the culture still exists or not - nobody has a right to dictate how it is used by outsiders. I can market my own brand of stir-fried rice or Sushi if I wanted. The Simpsons can have the Japanese Emperor thrown into a vat of sumo thongs, etc.
Hm. I hadn't considered defensive warfare. But, counterpoint, the UU (and thus improvement) is Classical Era, while Montezuma will kill you in the Ancient.
They don't usually keep CSes of the same civ that's in the game even if it is't their capital. I'd say it's more likely Auckland just gets renamed.
Which would then just open the door to gather round and tell the true stories. Or if they were going to be that pissy, Lego could just stop selling them in that specific location. EDIT: I'm sorry, I am not letting you win this, the Maori people were in the wrong and they do not get any say in how bits of their culture are taken and used by others. If they didn't like it, they could just boycott. Them's the brakes.
Filthy adjacency bonus degenerate at your service :P
Yeah, it's possible. I play with Terra Mirabilis 90% of the time so...yeah, my bad. xD
It's a headline, which typically skip words.
Slang =/= discriminatory.
Yeah. Some are worse than others. Do not try to read Variety magazine, [they practically speak another language.](https://youtu.be/IWVO7vhtCHk?t=11)
TL:DW?
No idea. Maybe.
They suffer from DND dev team levels of ignorance in some ways - nerfing production overflow for being too powerful (it wan't, you can't do it forever) and refusing to acknowledge that Norway is weak "because melee ship spam" (thus forgetting the very obvious problem which is that melee ships are the worst kind of ship because coastal cities are effectively discouraged).
but warring just to pillage is not a sustainable gameplay method. You WILL pay the price for it as time goes on, forcing you to either stop and thus be useless at sea or keep going and have no international sway (or sea trade)
[One could always use Proverbium...](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1226909609&amp;searchtext=Proverbium)
&gt; you won't really be 'paying the price' (whatever the hell you mean by that). I mean the penalties for declaring war after the ancient era (which will be Grievances in GS) and the increased War Weariness penalty on your amenities as war drags out.
I personally like the idea of Prestige classes, it's just that they need to be significantly more powerful to compensate sacrificing your main levels. That, or they have to work on a separate levelling system.
I can understand the basic premise behind it, but it bothers me. I don't want more subclasses that reflavour a chassis, I want new chassis to build subclasses around. There's only so many times they can tack new things onto a Wizard, Cleric, or Fighter before it gets boring.
Tell me about it. I have a complete "laundry list" of homebrew classes I've approved for use in my games (most of which don't see play, but some have been quite liked, like OAP's Justiciar - I've got one in my current main party who loves the roleplay it comes with, and I've been tailoring the world to the existence of that class).
But if they aren't magical, then it's not much of an artificer.
*cough cough* College of Whispers...
(Mad Mage Spoilers) Even though the dungeon is explicitly described as not having lighting unless otherwise stated, Area 20b of level 2 is inhabited by a bunch of humans, engaging in mock-battle, with no writing about lighting. Why would creatures without Darkvision be engaging in mock-combat in complete darkness when the challenge involves knocking someone out of a circle you can only see in bright light? (I mean, the circle is red, so it wouldn't even show up with Darkvision anyway).
Well, in that case it'd be poor writing, since the book explicitly states before level 1 that because the dungeon's original inhabitants had darkvision or blindsight, it isn't lit unless otherwise stated - only for the humans to then not have any light (this isn't common, another 2 rooms on the same floor have torches for its human inhabitants). Just comes off as weird. I've put a single light source in of my own accord, but it feels off to have to "fix" an oversight.
I too would like gifting units and paying others to go to war to return. It's silly that they aren't. I think there's plenty of room for such changes with the Grievance/Favours system, where you can basically trade away influence globally in order to get them to do it.
yes, Darkvision is "in shades of grey". But the main point is that when you see in shades of grey, then the tone becomes more important. Problem being dungeon floors are typically dark. As is blood. Thus, it becomes difficult if not impossible (depending on circumstances) to see red on another similar-toned surface.
You say that, but subclasses are forced to be built around the base class chassis, which means they will always feel the same. You can argue some might work as subclasses but they come into their own as their own class, where they aren't constrained by the boring limitations and familiarity of the base classes. I'd also say you're thinking far too small by trying to "condense" concepts into the main classes. We shouldn't be doing that, we should be focusing on how to make new classes that feel new. Plus, we already have *far too many freaking subclasses* for several classes, notably the Cleric and to quote DavvyChappy, *e s p e c i a l l y t h e w i z a r d *
Sure, a person like Kupe could exist. But I'm afraid I will not lower my standards on historicity just because a civ never researched the Writing tech until the Renaissance Era in favour of Sailing and Mining. xD
My point is more CoW is a Bard playing Rogue.
To quote Hermes Conrad: "That just raises further questions!"
Always a possibility. I definitely think I prefer the Tribal Village system in VI in that regard - at least you don't have to make headcanons for why they exist. Instead you just need to work out how a tribal village inspired someone to invent Electricty.
The AI is *supposed* to have lines specifically for if you reject deals, peace treaties, etc. At least the mod ones I've worked on all have them in their Diplo files. But, for some insane reason, the game just uses generic lines that make no sense.
Annoying as it is, I slightly envy artists who are popular enough to get choosing beggars while I'm still waiting to get even one serious commission on my dA. xD But then again that envy is only because I would revel in the opportunity to put a choosing beggar in their place. :P
Usually profile icons, or just to show their friends, I think.
&gt; one aimed at a party of 4 instead of the usual party of 5 That would be odd, since the chapters all state they assume a party of 5.
That said, it's still worth buying the Map Pack on roll20 because if you're like me and wanted to do it by hand, you're soon to find that it'll take about 3 days to map each floor, not including placing monsters and re-writing the sections as handouts to quickly reference. xD
&gt; I'm running it now, and my players have yet to make it past the first floor. How many sessions in are you, what are their levels, and how long do you think it'll take them to find the stairs? I'm just curious, since I intend to run Mad Mage as an optional sidequest for my current 9th level party.
Hm. That is odd. My mistake then.
"Quebecer"? Couldn't you pick a better denonym like "Quebeccaneer"?
&gt; biased civ selections, leaders, I might get. But *civ* selections? &gt; absence of important civs, I will agree, but it's not like V was much better with that - Spain for example wasn't even in the base game. &gt; limited modabillity Only in the sense that the DLL is not yet released. V was not much better at the time either.
I hope not, then the Switzerland mod civ would be made obsolete.
There *is* Maple in Resourceful 2.
I wonder if they specified Canadian parks to make sure you couldn't wreck America on TSL, since they're all about national parks? :P
Stop! Do not commit Seppuku yet. We still have the livestream!
Tundra Farms are still worse than plains farms or grassland farms, however. Which means you need more farms (thus, more turns spent on builders) to compensate and you'll grow slower. Russia, at least, gets additional yields on Tundra.
Interesting. but I do not think it should be a natural wonder. Stone arches like that are far too commonplace,I can think of at least two in Britain alone.
Terra Mirabilis's TM_UserSettings file lets you choose the minimum distance to start from natural wonders for both civs and CSes (so you can make CSes stay further away while civs get to be up close and personal). It also comes with a bunch more wonders, and overhauls the effects of all other wonders in the game. The best part? You can disable any of its or the basegame's Natural Wonders and disable the new effects for old wonders if you so choose! I highly recommend it.
I don't believe the mechanics are particularly complex. "Specialised buildings go in specialized districts. More population = more districts. Governors add special effects to your cities. Think of them like specialized spies from civ V. Cities have loyalty so if you forward settle you could lose that city to your neighbour."
&gt; You have to choose tiles for districts based on the best yields. It's no different to picking which tile to settle on. You just pick whatever has the highest number, if you want the bonus, anyway. You CAN spend time pre-planning but you can win just fine doing it haphazardly. &gt; housing Housing is not a difficult concept. And it exists to limit wide empires from thriving unchecked. It's only ever an issue if you choose to settle in the middle of a desert with no water. Civ VI is in no way more complicated.
This could have a bad effect on Minecraft too.
&gt; and has at least 2 artifacts each Huh. How did they manage that? How does it affect your game? I once gave three drow artifacts to the Drow in my party but he never used them (in part because one of them wiped his memories when he attuned to it).
Ugh, no thank you! PHB only creates a very boring world. That said, I would very much like them to put all race and class options into a convenient single publication somewhere down the line for quick and easy reference.
The increased number is the *maximum* number of wonders allowed to spawn based on map size. I typically set my TM_UserSettings to 100, so it tells the game to spawn up to 100 Natural Wonders from the selection available. It doesn't matter if there's fewer than the maximum. If that happens, it will just spawn *all* of them.
Fair enough. I found it confusing, initially.
Ah, now there's the secret, you bring your horrific attempts in and say "I could have brought edible cookies, but you mandated they had to be handmade. So, here you are."
Read what it says directly beneath the table: **Note: 0% Chance bonuses are listed as they appear in game files, despite not being obtainable in-game**
Breaks just about every (better) mod that changes the UI in any way, shape or form, that's what.
Before I read it, my first impression from the description is "How To Make the Beastmaster Even Less Relevant".
Or make it irrelevant :P
It looks good - but it will be annoying for any modder who made a unique Granary or Monument replacement.
I really, really like this civ. I can make the most out of farmland, get nice, early tunnels, a very nice recon unit and Mountains for guaranteed production! What is there not to like!?
...Mutually-Assured? Are you implying there are times when you have nukes...and the AI ALSO has nukes? Impossible!
It's generally believed now to be Macchu Picchu...which appears to be the first Wonder built on a mountain. Hopefully this means they'll update Petra and Jebel Barkel to also need a mountain.
A poor choice, IMO. What were they going to do? Boycott a game they wouldn't even play? (EDIT: Amusingly, people don't like this fact and downvote me.)
No, they didn't threaten a boycott. I'm saying there was literally nothing of value they could or would have been able to do in response to being put in the game. They likely don't play Civilization and ergo would make no difference by not playing it after being included. I don't like the idea of "asking" a culture to be included in a game. Culture is not owned and people should not have a say in whether or not they get chosen to be in a civ game. Fans can debate which culture is more deserving, but that's a different matter. We wound up with a similar issue with the Cree in Vi, except this time it was a split response from different splinter groups.
Nothing legally stops them being added. Just the fact that the civ VI team wants to be "sensitive". I've no issues with them reaching out to cultures for music or art (like how they approached the Maori to get a real Tattoo design for Hongi), since that's not all-or-nothing. Still, mods are a thing.
I had a fun time the other day where I'd launched a successful invasion of my southern enemy (Pericles) only to get surprise attacked by Alexander in the North. Frankly, it's a marvel that I not only survived, but went on to wipe him out, then return back and kill Pericles.
I imagine Portugal probably did in the past, too.
I can't help but feel like naval units should run aground on those.
&gt; the fascist-sympathizers and closet-fascists I feel like you're one of those people who don't actually know what those words *mean*...
I think the bigger issue is that in order to create more substantial changes, they'd need to make adjustments to the engine itself - and that, in turn, could have a lot of damage dealt to other expansions and mods, too.
Not just indingenous; NO CULTURES. Not the English, French, Ottomans, Greeks, Egyptians, Cree, Pueblo, Noongar, Ainu, Poles, Scots, Mali, and so on. None of them deserve to "choose" to not be featured in something they are not creating.
Nobody really talks about them since we still don't know what they do, but they've been confirmed since the expansion was announced.
Sometimes I aim to go with a definitive victory type, but it usually just devolves into Culture or Domination. Especially if Korea is present in the game - that is an OP civ.
My last game as Egypt forced me into an eternal cold war with Korea, at least until I'd conquered the nations between us. Thankfully, I had better production, and was able to nuke her cities before she could finish her satellite.
That is a stunning-looking leader, I must say. And mountains, you say? Well, I do look forward to it. Your civilizations are always fun to play around with, Sukritact.
It's also hardly a coincidence that in the time that GGR has been developed, Wayfinder's Guide has had minimal updates and what little it did get was also turned into a UA.
I don't think I've seen a Unique District be quite this level of unique! I love it, I really do!
It's not like the Artificer is the only thing in Eberron of interest. They still haven't covered the rest of the Dragonmark improvement feats, there's only one background (Which would seem a bit dubious compared to, say, the SCAG) and the magic item selection is still too paltry.
So how many parliament buildings are now Wonders? "Big Ben" is actually the entire Palace of Westminster, where the British government sits. Orszaghaz is coming from Hungary. Does the Casa de Contraction count?
You've got to name your cities sometime!
You're always free to *not* look at leaked lists, you know. There's still plenty of people even on this sub who don't know its contents.
&gt; othing you said in any way was a valid argument against the leaker doing something shitty. Except that it was only "shitty" in your opinion, whereas to others it's perfectly fine.
You're looking far too much into it. People were even more obsessive over minute details in R&amp;F's prelaunch period.
I think NDAs are stupid and an affront to personal freedoms, especially considering these aren't even corporate secrets that threaten the company.
&gt; or other nefarious threats that a leak like that would benefit I want whatever the heck you are smoking. &gt; breaking an NDA brings the issue of people having a set expectation for something that isn't set in stone, people expect Sweden ATM, and if Sweden doesn't come people would be pissed, Uh, no. Just no. There's plenty of fake leaks that come about and give people false expectations, and everyone who does believe a leak knows that - and if they don't, they're naive to an extreme - such things are not set in stone due to the nature of game development. &gt; ust because you are inpatient doesn't mean everyone else is And just because you have a hate boner for people knowing what they're getting doesn't mean others do.
"Je suis Catherine, rein mere de France!"
Yes, that's quite annoying. Though, as it turns out, her claims about "Espionage" aren't entirely accurate, because she also considers it bad if you have low diplomatic invisibility with others. So, if you spy (when able) and before that, send delegations/embassies and friend routes, she won't get pissy at you. At least not for that. Now, in my games, we have a mutual history of forward settling and/or invading each other's sovereign realms. I may usually come out on top, buuuut...
The watermark is from an instagram called @justin.cosplay. Couldn['t find this exact gif, but judging by the descriptions of similar pictures, they're from a halloween cosplay event at "Kawasaki" (I assume the one in Kanagawa, Japan).
This will be the death knell of NIS japan at this rate. To think they wasted money outsourcing to make a mobile game of all things. They have a perfectly good niche market that keeps them afloat when they deliver the goods and they've been ignoring it. **Just give us Disgaea 6.**
I didn't mean in the mobile game, I just meant in Disgaea games in general. xD
Seems good, but the biggest question is: **will they fix the statue of liberty's effect bug**?
Absolutely. I realise they kind of locked themselves into it by basing the support on Rex Godwin (maybe by the time we reach duelist packs for Arc-V we'll get the GOOD earthbound support) but seriously. * A pathetic field spell * A trap card that's bad even by the standards of trap cards from the 5Ds era of the game (**targeting destruction today?!**) * a monster which, while assisting in getting out earthbounds, requires a specific setup of 1 synchro and 1 grave synchro, which is...bad, especially in this format.
I think an interesting twist would have been if the children didn't wake up because the dream demon was killed instead of releasing them. Proving Arata was right.
"Arata is mad...welp, that settles it. Time to destroy Japan. I hear they're very into that sort of thing these days."
Same place, different names. For some reason the last few decades has had a bit of a hate-boner for any kind of exonym.
The real problem I have is that if a CS is killed you lose all envoys in it for good, which can be absolutely devastating if a friend or ally kills them.
This is how Yugi would look if the original manga came out about 10-20 years later. In most anime I've seen the really wacky hairstyles of the 90s have mostly gone out of fashion. Pretty good look though, I must admit.
The stranger thing is it would have made more sense for wall of stone to be transmutation.
&gt; Civ Ability: Bonuses toward favour generation help to vote down Military emergencies against you. As a domination civ, military emergencies aren't a bad thing. In fact, they're good things, because they are typically easy to "win" and thus earn not only favour but a permanent buff to your attacks. &gt; Leader Ability: Double extraction rate from strategic resources on tundra or snow, giving you more iron, oil or uranium. While this frees up a policy slot, it doesn't negate better options out there like Scythia's free additional horse unit.
I think what's most fascinating is that as a result of this, he has the potential to make far stronger weapons than any of the other three - if he can believe that all three of them are correct, then he'd have three means of improving weapons.
Plot twist: Episode 25 is double-length like episode 1.
Well for one thing she's stuck with a slave crest now.
Raph's limitation was probably from the mana sword she's used multiple times.
Dang that bird is OP.
figs.
It's nowhere near that simple. If you've been around for more than a day on the internet, it's pretty easy to notice that "hate speech", employed both by companies and governments, is never about promoting hate and almost always a purely subjective stance (see: guy being dragged into court in the UK for a video of his pug doing a nazi salute, which he intended and even states in video was a joke to annoy his girlfriend by making something she finds cute do the most un-cute thing possible, and the court then going "your intent doesn't matter, and because your intent doesn't matter that means you are intentionally being a nazI!")
Citing wikipedia. Totally not biased or anything.
I don't know, a certain other religion gets to do it all the time.
Youtube is absolutely acting as a publisher now.
If you enforce your rules selectively then you are a tyrant.
"I don't see a problem with throwing 100 innocent people in the gulag in order to make sure the one guilty person is." That's how that statement reads.
Simple: while they use automated systems which are unforgiving against the 99% of users, established companies are protected from that kind of thing on youtube. You can tell that's the case because even the most controversial offerings from mainstream outlets don't get removed no matter how much they get reported.
If you want to be part of the problem then by all means.
You must have one hell of a fun time at comedy clubs.
Given that youtube is openly stating how they choose to promote or hinder things these days, they're really just asking to lose their Safe Harbour protections. They're not a platform in how they act, they're a publisher.
You do know people have actually tried that, right? Every single one of them failed because you need a heck of a lot of money to run a video hosting site and it's a money sink. Additionally, the few that haven't folded yet, like BitChute, get attacked constantly and smeared. You see the same thing with social media and Gab. "Go make your own!" is a terrible argument because every time people do, it gets shut down. By hook, or by crook, youtube maintains its oligarchy status. Frankly, I'm unsure how Dailymotion has survived as long as it has.
But therein lies the paradox of intolerance. By being intolerant of intolerance you become an intolerant society, the very thing you want to avoid.
The problem is if you say exactly which one you mean you typically get accused of X, Y, Z, and then harassed by mods.
No, that's exactly what it is. It's people like you who have it backwards and use it as an excuse to create orweillian societies.
&gt; I see you've learned to debate from Crowder here Nope. I don't watch him. I've heard of him but I don't give enough figs to so much as look at his channel.
I've only seen this sort of thing acted on once, which was on the Roll20 subreddit, where the original mod team was the Roll20 staff. Following a massive backlash (leading to the new most-downvoted reddit post in the site's history), they were kicked off by reddit and replaced. That was a fun period.
I'm fully aware. I've seen these songs and dances go on since 2013/4.
&gt; So he had to mock someone using homophobic slurs? The kind of slur used is immaterial, it's his right. Also from what I've seen some of them are just descriptors the guy used for himself. So not a slur. &gt; . It's not authoritarian for a company to enforce their policies on those who agreed to abide by them when they signed up to use their platform No, it is authoritarian. It's tyrannical if they only selectively enforce those policies, and orweillian if they decide to change the rules to enforce them against you and unperson you. &gt; YouTube, in fact, does have a rule against uploading content that features negative/derogatory personal comments about other people. And yet, they typically will not enforce it, especially not with anyone who happens to be more left-leaning. &gt; nd certainly don't expect them to continue to pay you if you can't create content that follows the guidelines. Funny how youtube didn't have a problem with it until after a crybully started throwing a fit and using the weight of his scummy employer company.
&gt; And let's say he did use it in the way Crowder did (he didn't), that doesn't give anyone the right to use it as a way of bullying him because of his sexuality. Everyone has the right to use words however they wish, authoritarian. &gt; he agreed to follow YouTube's rules Terms of Service are meaningless drivel, youtube's in particular. &gt; Do you have any actual proof of that? Just because Crowder's buddies on Twitter are telling you that doesn't make it true. Considering the likes of Vox don't get thrown off the site...yes. &gt; Your persecution complex You're not content to put words in people's mouths, you have to go the extra step and declare people who you don't agree with have complexes. &gt; . You'll never be willing to admit the failed comedian turned career bigot you worship did anything wrong. When did I ever say I worship crowder? I don't even watch his channel. I've seen exactly 0 minutes of his content. You're trying to take some kind of moral high ground talking about people's biases and all the while just proving that you are projecting your own failings onto other people. &gt; Conservatives online will do anything to make it seem as if it's a conspiracy and mass silencing of the right. I'm sure they do. But that doesn't mean they're necessarily - or wholly - wrong. There HAS been a very clear push to remove conservative voices on social media, far more than progressive voices. It's bordered on political meddling across several other countries outside the US. &gt; Don't be upset that Carlos outsmarted Crowder and hit him where it hurts the most, his wallet. Carlos couldn't outsmart his way out of a paper bag. Anyway, the fact that you decided to call me a worshipper of someone I don't watch is enough to end this conversation. You've made it painfully clear that you are a dishonest person.
No, there's no hypocrisy. I'm not suggesting anyone's speech be affected, unlike Carlos. I also didn't say he deserves to be harassed, I said that if his goal is to not be harassed, he's doing the worst thing he can to stop it (making enemies). As for what's wrong with Vox; aside from the fact that like all legacy media they're full of talentless and unethical hacks (like Carlos himself) there's also the littany of times they've already done this song and dance. They were one of the forerunners in libelling PewDiePie (through their subsidiary Verge) and then of course there was the "build a PC" debacle.
My bigger problem is its name. There's a separate monster called the Iron Defender which is different. It's Demogorgon all over again.
Of course, the drawback is that either way you'll only be able to control it while the spell is active with its true name. Since the spell doesn't have any effect to let you summon a specific demon RAW, you have to repeat the song and dance every time you use the spell. Unless the DM is relatively benevolent or cunning, in which case they'll let you re-summon it again and again by saying its true name when casting the spell, and it gets madder and madder at you.
Awesome, thanks for the heads-up! :D
I think I might just watch a walkthrough of someone else playing for that. I've given my money to support it as it is. Looking forward to this new one though :D
That has me excited. I've been waiting on a 5e video game for a while :D
Mods will be our friend, hopefully.
I'm assuming cinematic effect.
I mean that's assuming Stadia actually finds an audience of people silly enough to fall for it.
Steam doesn't have a subscription fee and plenty of the games on it can be used without an internet connection.
There's only a handful and you can't guarantee they'll stick around. * Dailymotion (but really that's more of a news and tv episodes place) * Bitchute (but in AUS and NZ, you may need a vpN to use it because their nanny states don't like websites that refuse to erase content on their demand).
You might want to darken the images where the text should go.
You get downvoted but you're not exactly wrong. Both of those civs performed human sacrifice. Also, the USSR and Mao Zedong got in on previous titles and they have higher death tolls for atrocities.
That can work. Though I'd rather the DLLs be released so modders can tackle VI with the same kind of power we had for V.
FYI you can just disable individual wonders in the mod's settings instead of throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
Carbon Recapture is a real thing. It's just not been cost-effective enough to do on a scale. It also probably wouldn't reverse the damage caused.
Well...I don't have a science background so this is just layman spitballing, but I imagine it'd only be viable if you can collect enough CO2 to offset regional emissions. Of course, you don't want them to be too effective either since CO2 does have its place in the atmosphere.
&gt; I'm all for developers making more money off each sale, like Epic offers It doesn't actually work that way though. Epic has a much smaller userbase and much, MUCH less goodwill. 80% of $100 is still less than 60% of $10,000.
* It lacks steam's features * It promotes anti-consumer practices such as exclusivity by force * One of its largest shareholders is owned by the PRC.
Yikes. Not a good look at all.
It's been a thing since kickstarter began. Besides, this isn't even the first time Shenmue 3 did that. When they finished getting all that kickstarter money, they went and announced they got a massive investment from Sony. Therefore, betraying the people who believed they would be responsible for its creation. So if we count this, the delay to november, and the epic exclusivity, I make that Shenmue Three Strikes and You're Out.
They promised steam up until as recently as a few months ago. Now they've abandoned steam for a scummier company everyone hates.
man, who cares if you were promised a lifetime pass for Disneyworld and instead got one for Six Flags. They're both amusement parks, after all.
No, the result is not the same at all. If a game launches only on steam, nothing is stopping them from releasing elsewhere if they choose to. When Epic buys exclusivity, they are forcing the company not to sell elsewhere. This is blatantly anti-consumer.
I think the most interesting thing with Steam is that they clawed their way to the top not only without buying exclusives, but initially, without their OWN games being exclusive (the Orange Box collection).
Would you like rum with that, matey?
No, you're missing the point, but you're too dishonest to see that.
Complete mismanagement of Mighty No. 9, then the selling out of Metro Exodus and Shenmue 3 to Epic.
Think how those of us who blew a decent amount of money on it feel. :P I got a shirt, the box, the art book... I mean, at least the box (when assembled) looks nice. And at least the art book is decent quality. I wouldn't spend $20 on it, much less what I paid to back it, but... The game itself is just so...boring, too. It's not just bad, it's boring.
Of course. It's just that companies tend to forget that goodwill begets money - and typically more than you'll get without it. If people hate you, they won't give you money and your product will be less successful (if successful at all).
&gt; Saying they’re just giving developers huge chunks of cash is a huge simplification of the issue No, it's just straight-up fact, as the devs of Phoenix Point admitted. Getting a better cut from EGS is not a good thing because it has a smaller userbase and active hatred towards it. If you make 80% of 300 sales, you're still going to make less than if you made 60% of 3000 sales.
*because of them...and Sony. They already got cash injections from two places, fans and Sony. That's probably why the PS4 version is still on the cards.
I do get where you're coming from, and agree to an extent. But on balance I feel like it's better to let games that sell their souls to epic burn.
Demand it again - and again. Threaten legal action.
That gets creepier and creepier with each additional sentence. Would make for a great dystopian film; "Oh, Ottawa".
They funded the development under false pretenses.
They hardly struggled in terms of development, NISA was just incredibly inept and managed to piss off the community.
Never Put All Your Eggs in One Basket.
I personally doubt it. But you're right, I'm being too harsh. I'm just on a bit of an edge with NISA overall.
yes, that's my only hope for them. I might change my mind and get the PS4 version of this - but that's entirely reliant on what changes they bring. I don't hold out too much hope and while I never played the vita port, I'm not feeling like that'll be enough to make me go back to D4's system over D5's.
Oh no doubts about the story being better, but once you get through the story you end up with nothing BUT mechanics to work with- like the pokemon games. It's why I'm getting impatient for Disgaea 6 to release.
Yet they can afford the smaller PS4 market and licensing fees. Seems like BS to me.
&gt; and nobody really cares about it anymore over there. Because everyone who got mad about it has been given their refund and said adios.
&gt; Not to mention that even Swiney himself said that the cut they are offering today is not long-term as they are in net loss. I think that's the most embarrassing part. They make a net loss on a lower cut...while offering substantially fewer features than their "competitor" stores. So they're doing less, but somehow can't get by on less money?
&gt; The audio/voice acting is just as bad as the originals. I mean...yay for capturing the original feeling? :P
Small detail being overlooked was that this is the second time they betrayed the fans, the first being the reveal after collecting money from backers that they got third-party funding from Sony to make it, meaning the fan investment was little more than a "gauge" of interest.
As yours does to me, so at least we're even on that point.
Why did anyone like him in the first place? I still don't get why or how Fortnite got as big as it did...well, unless I remember it's mostly because kids are idiots.
I meant a direct publisher rating system. You know, like "80% of 1,000,000 users rated Deep Silver 2 stars out of 5". :P
The better rule of thumb is never support a kickstarter whose project isn't already basically complete. An example of a good one would be the Trogdor Board Game, where the whole game was already designed and they could show off the finished thing, with KS effectively being to mass produce it.
Seems like a fair price to pay. Kickstarter doesn't need users for it to die.
They were minor things. The only one coming to my sleep-deprived mind now was changing the machine guns of one enemy type into paintball guns. I've also seen reports of instances with bows and arrows being replaced with plungers, some guns are replaced with basically boulder crossbows, etc. The most likely reason is so they could keep a lower rating from the ESRB, but I don't personally find that to be acceptable when Activision should be keenly aware that the Spyro fanbase is not made up of ten year olds and that there isn't a parent alive that actually pays attention to ESRB ratings (and for that matter, the fact that children LIKE higher rated games because it makes them think they are doing something taboo)
Trading one cancer for another, though admittedly uplay is slightly less irritating.
Problem is I don't think that limitation exists for AIs trading between each other. In order to stop favour farming they implemented an arbitrary hard limit of 20 favour, when it should vary from civ to civ based on their priorities and what you're offering.
Ah, but therein lies the rub: I refuse to support Ubi for just that reason. :P
The queen hasn't turned on him yet.
I can neither confirm nor deny that either are why I find him hotter.
Everyone forgets Dimension 2 for some reason, even though it gave us Idol Laharl.
&gt; Getting Statiscians and similar Innocents is pretty annoying (look for Reverse Pirating) Oof, I forgot how much I hated reverse pirating in 3/4.
You don't. You can just download the modbuddy and create a new mod either from scratch or by loading the pre-made "Example Civ" mod that comes with it.
And unlike...the OTHER archetype... it'd be a name change that still fits. YOU KNOW THE ONE I MEAN.
&gt; Asura, the final demon. 6 arms; 3 heads. That will be the final bossfight I don't think Hyakki needs that many heads. His current one's big enough as it is. xD
Has it really been that long since they butchered the Skyfang Brigade?
"Fur Hire" is still much worse and an outright insult. At least we can mutually agree about Avram.
But he can only pay them in sardines, dood.
The ones I'm still most curious about are Necromancer/medic. I fully acknowledge that those were not designed by the main team (being contest winners IIRC) but I kind of wish they'd bring them back. I assume the contest had a condition like NIS taking control of the character design.
I found the Android to be a bit flat myself compared to the Majin it replaced. But I loved that when you recruit one it turns out they are secretly ValFen shippers. xD
Looks great, I envy your ability. I've been thinking of drawing a hood-down skull.
IIRC it's not that they licensed, it's that they outsourced. With a lot of money put into it, too.
I spent most of today working on a fanart which I initially sketched last night, of a Skull casting a spell. I realised during the sketching phase that when their hood is down, the flappy bits can look a bit like demon horns, which I thought was pretty cool. :D
This drawing's actually a bit of a mix of the old and new design. The original had baggy three-quarter shorts and was topless, while I decided to keep the redesign's more standard above-the-knee shorts and odd-looking shirt. ...and that's totally not because I didn't notice the differences until after I'd already drawn them. :P But yeah, I would like to see "Hood Up/Down" as an option in future games.
You want them to go bankrupt quicker? :P (Seriously, MMOs are a gigantic money hole)
Isn't that an unmarked spoiler?
But it wasn't adapted, which is my point.
I'd love that idea. Means I'd never again have to deal with Korea or Sumeria's OP science gains.
Annoyingly, they haven't fixed one of the **biggest problems** in civ VI right now: **The Statue of Liberty's Load Order bug**. Some games, you can play under the GS ruleset, and Liberty ends up with its R&amp;F effect instead of the "correct" GS one. This has been plaguing my games for months and it still hasn't been fixed.
Their bankruptcy is currently only rumours, but they are known to not be doing well financially. What caused it? Well...Several things can be attributed to it. * NIS likes to develop a lot of side games and niche titles other than Disgaea, which eats up costs and generally speaking don't sell nearly as much as the Disgaea games do. That's one possible reason. * Another is that they've gone longer than ever before without releasing a new Disgaea main series title. Their flagship series and biggest moneyspinner. so that's some income missing. * The American branch botched the PC ports of Disgaea 1, 2, and 5 in various ways, damaging western trust in the brand. * Burnout could also be a problem, as they released "Disgaea 1 Complete" very shortly after Disgaea 5 Complete, and western fans/PC users generally disliked how it was barely more than an aesthetic overhaul compared to Disgaea 1 PC, which released only 1-2 years previous. * Finally, perhaps the biggest issue, is that they invested a large amount of money into a Disgaea mobile game, which they outsourced. This was already a poor investment but it was made worse when the game became unplayable thanks to DDOS attacks and it had to go offline for months, eating more money.
Only problem with that thread is that stocks don't necessarily mean the company is safe. They could easily have money issues. It's not like stock prices equate money in the bank.
Which is bizarre because they already admit fault via the Errata.
It's all so silly. Plus, I'm questioning why they trust playtester feedback in the first place when the abundance of viable and popular homebrew proves a lot of their feedback is...worthless. Plus, this is the same playtester feedback that allowed the PHB ranger to be born in the first place.
That too. I refuse to play Hexblade on principle. :P
I wouldn't be able to enjoy it to the fullest without Disgaea 5's Item World system, or the improved Chara World. D3-4's chara world was more annoying and limiting.
I hope he one day just compiles them into City-State packs. I'd love to use his city-states but there's no way I'm clogging up my already-clogged up mod list.
Lake boats are a very fun defence considering archery-type units do less damage to them and siege-type units would want to focus more on taking the city.
Epic isn't competing in any way shape or form. They're doing the opposite of competing. Valve just has to keep doing what it's doing: Being a successful platform with good customer relations and better services. The only way they can "step up their game" so to speak is if they make HL3, Portal 3, or a new IP people actually care about.
Whoa, man. You're making me feel old!
It's interesting, but I feel like it has too few continents. I played as England on my last one and the "sea" I was on south, and theone to the north, were both completely entrapped by ice or land. I couldn't start persuing an efficient naval conquest of Sweden until I had a canal city in a snowy wasteland. That said, the lack of different continents also made it really easy for my 100+ oil-guzzling land units to conquer my enemies. That final backstab of Cleopatra was sweeeeet.
Only the old ones that are still good. The problem isn't just Origin but the fact that most modern EA games are terrible.
And for the low-low cost of your soul, too! :D
Yeah. It's like Black Friday, but with less blood and unexpected unlicensed dental work.
Based on the others here, I feel like the best course of action is to see what Isekai recent or coming out gets a chibi spinoff title.
Slime is unlikely given it's a different company. But if they do manage it, I'd be impressed.
.hack would be a nice touch, though the franchise has grown old and decrepit and bloated. I'd be totally down for Haseo and the rest of Moon Tree to show up though.
I don't doubt that. It was incredibly fun. It'd be good to have an additional injection of comedy which dind't require the Konosuba gang. xD
Actually the funnier thing is that like with games, the bonus is regional-priced, which means depending on your currency you might actually get more than others would.
Depends entirely on what kind of games you like. For me, I went for JRPGs like Tales of Vesperia Definitive Edition, fighting games like My Hero One's Justice, strategy games like Labyrinth of Refrain: Coven of Dusk, RPGs like Divinity: Original Sin 2, and Point-and-Clicks like Unavowed. Oh, and then used my £5.00 off reward to get the platformer Freedom Planet for 49 pence.
Yeah. Makes those of us who went "oh, they're in the lead? Guess I'll join that team" feel a bit cheated due to the lack of clarity.
300 people in 1st, 200 in 2nd, and 100 in 3rd get free stuff. After that, 1000 people from 1st, 2nd, and 3rd get free stuff at the end of the event.
From the full rules: &gt;For each 24-hour period, three hundred users that contributed distance points to the first-place team will be randomly selected to receive the top game title ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that is currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded, two hundred users that contributed distance points to the second-place team will be randomly selected to receive the top game title ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that is currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded, and one hundred users that contributed distance points to the third-place team will be randomly selected to receive the top game title ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that is currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded. Drawings will be held within 48 hours from the end of each period. and &gt; One thousand users that contributed distance points to the Grand Prix winning team will be randomly selected to receive the top three (3) game titles ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that are currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded, one thousand users that contributed distance points to the Grand Prix runner-up team will be randomly selected to receive the top two (2) game titles ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that are currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded, and one thousand users that contributed distance points to the Grand Prix honorable mention team will be randomly selected to receive the top game title ranked in their respective Steam Wishlists that is currently available for purchase at the time prizes are awarded. Drawings will be held within 48 hours from the end of the Steam Grand Prix 2019.
You think that most people, who don't read through EULAs and privacy policies when presented with them, will notice that?
Then again, events aren't really the point of the summer sale anyway. The discounts are. The events are usually just there for people who want some freebies.
They haven't done flash sales in years. And that might have something to do with those being of dubious legality in some regions where you can't just change sales prices willy-nilly.
I got £5 off of Freedom Planet. So for 49p I think that's the cheapest game I've ever purchased that wasn't free or a humbelbundle low-tier.
&gt; You can win more than once. Now, I would feel that was unfair, except for the fact that there's so many users that the odds of being chosen even once are akin to winning the lottery. Given that, the odds of winning more than once just makes me want to go "yeah, you deserve it...also, what are your lucky numbers?"
Eh, it's not like steam forces companies to go on sale. AFAIK, anyway. Your wishlist probably just has a lot of companies that don't want to be on sale.
Congratulations! You should probably buy a lottery ticket.
On the other hand, being a Corgi and winning a game makes you extra lucky.
Ha, Octopath was the top of my wishlist too...until I realised it had Denuvo.
I honestly can't remember a sale event that I cared enough to participate in seriously, myself. I've always just cared about getting discounts at a semi-regular point in time.
That also works.
Yeah, Corgi game winners are luckier than anyone in the other teams. Except Pig or Hare. If anyone in those teams wins a free game I think all the world's luck might have just been stolen.
It is fairly stingy in my opinion. Plenty of other places and businesses would have a loyalty systme of say, £10 per £100 spent.
What did youz sayz?! Turtlez are the best.
Usually any question which starts with "should I buy Bethesda's" is answerable with "no".
It still can't keep us down. Woof.
Those people couldn't read. It clearly says "number 1 game" and to "sort" your wishlist. People removing things from their wishlist instead of just re-arranging them...lol.
&gt; that's how they're trying to incentivize you to spend money everyday. That's the weirder part. Surely they know most people just splurge?
You can just reorganise your wishlist by dragging them up. That's been a feature for at least a year. So if you want a higher-priced game to be your prize, just drag it to the top slot. It doesn't pick a random game from your wishlist, it picks your #1 wishlisted game.
Well, the train wreck's over. Honestly not sure what to think of it by the end. It's had its ups and downs but I don't feel like this anime deserved to be three cours for what we got. Oh well. It was a thing, that's the best judgement I can give.
Oh absolutely. Episode 4 was where I began losing interest. Though I had also begun to get miffed at the general lack of any real clockwork circuses. Closest we got was faceless' big top and that just turned into a battleground. The opening scene of the first episode with all the automatons massacreing a circus made it all seem like we were in for a nice grimdark adventure.
&gt; at least it wasn't explicitly stated as something sexual or something like that. Explicitly stated no, but heavily implied by Faceless.
The whole scene felt like it came out of nowhere. I mean it'd be awkward no matter what but it could have been helped if there'd been ANY kind of foreshadowing. On that note, I think the best thing about the anime ending is no longer seeing Masaru's face. There's something about his design that really annoys me. I think it's the eyebrows.
Yeah, it's a bit weird. I totally understand trying to even the playing field but now it feels more like cheating. I mean, even more cheating than a team 100 times the size.
Valve nerfed Corgi so basically now our distance counts for less. The size difference was so great Valve changed the rules and now the other teams win by a sanctioned cheat.
*shrug* It feels a bit too suspicious. I mean the chances of anyone in corgi winning a free game were already much worse than any other team due to its size regardless of if it kept winning or not. So this kind of rigging by changing the rules feels...wrong.
Yup. Some kind of load order problem.
yeah it was a weird balance of sorts. The bigger problem was Pig and Hare not being big enough to compete against tortoise and cockatiel.
That said, had I not seen the standings when choosing a team, I would probably have gone Cockatiel myself. I love those little birds. Once met a whole bunch who would say "Hello Poppet!" in Australia.
Your wife betrayed you. Corgi team is so inflated that each member has a miniscule chance of being picked to get a game
Hopefully next year they'll revert to something simple. Like earning points for going through your discovery queue.
Steam sale event sucks &lt; Epic giving $10 off everything? What the hell kind of pot are you smoking? Even if the steam sale EVENT sucks, the sales on offer are several times better than anything the chinese spyware has to offer.
Yeah, picking a team each day would have been a less clunky direction. Less of a "you're on this team" and more of a "cheerlead this horse" type deal. The 1000 games could be based on which team you supported the most.
Truth.
can't really complain about the sales themselves. That's entirely down to the publishers or devs and a lot of them have been getting incredibly greedy.
And all you have to do is give them your firstborn son and ignore that their sale angered devs enough to flee their sinking ship for its duration like rats.
Yeah, I watched it happen. xD I was horrified to see Pig doing so well with the smallest team (which more or less is the first major indication of something wrong) and then that mess happened. I mean really, Tortoise and pig take the lead while the entire system is inaccessible?
I've never known a steam sale game that was fun with decent rewards myself. I never really engaged in most of them because they didn't appeal to me and the last sale I remember giving me things were all on a timer so they would expire at the end of the event. Big woop.
people cheated out of an opportunity to win free stuff.
Publishers be greedy and don't want to sell at big discounts like they used to.
300 people from the winning team, 200 from 2nd place, 100 from 1st place. Statistically even if Corgi won every race, Corgi team members have the lowest chance of receiving anything, while Pigs have the highest.
I mean Bethesda has their own launcher nowadays so naturally they in particular don't want to put their stuff on sale on steam. Although amusingly, **EA** of all companies has games like The Sims 3 and all expansion/stuff packs at 75% off. I'd have considered it is I didn't already own them all physical.
instead of bleating about steam not providing you with views, why don't you try getting out there and advertising? Seems a bit daft to expect the platform to do it while you twiddle your thumbs.
Last I checked you don't need money to make reddit posts, social media accounts, or put together a very basic trailer. Heck you can make a trailer with Fraps, Audacity and Moviemaker if you're **that** much of a cheapskate. It's not like indie games need to have these massive High Epic trailers with orchestrated music. You're just complaining that you're not getting as many views while admitting flat-out that you *don't want to do the work* to get noticed. I don't know what game you dev for but seeing that you're that lazy about getting your name out there I'm not sure I'd suggest anyone buy it.
Best part - a game which has been in early access for **two years** so far, based on that chart. xD
They consume your tokens when used, so yes, they expire after the event.
It's a fittingly large model for the tallest building in the world.
Corgi has to earn something like 26 points per pig point. It's ridiculous.
Only if Corgi is in the #1 placing at the end of the prix. If they end up in #4 or 5 because of this dishonest rule changing, they get NOTHING. They lose! Good day, sir! ...huh, a wild Gene Wilder appeared.
From what I understand random teams wouldn't actually fix much. collaboration online has happened before in a previous event, then one team broke the pact and stole it.
Sure, if you think it's worth celebrating a victory brought about by cheating...
As a Corgi, not seeing much point in participating now the system's been rigged so that my participation amounts to less than a seventeenth of what was originally the worst-performing team.
I mean my bigger problem is the quote-unquote "BALANCE" they tried to make assumes everyone participates. But I imagine a lot of people would stop playing on principle when they announced the changes in the first place.
Day 5, you mean. We've switched to day 5.
Well you're wrong. The official results are Tortoise, Hare, Pig. Cheaters.
It would if that guy was actually related to valve, but he isn't.
Yeah. If Corgi is broken and unable to win, the two leading teams should always be Cockatiel and Tortoise, as day 1 proved.
I think just about everyone agrees on that front. This will probably go down in steam history as the worst event they'd ever made. xD
I'd still call changing the rules mid-event in order to prevent specific outcomes to be rigging.
It's the team with the most steam users. It's also the team that deserves to win, especially since not only does it make up 70% of participants but also because **in exchange** each individual member has an even lower chance of getting anything than someone from the other teams.
Now that's tactics!
You can't change teams.
You couldn't before, I was out of the loop. Though I don't see anything for changing teams so...yeah.
Of course they'd deny it, it's not something they can admit to.
unless you're on team pig or hare I'd suggest not.
Well, here's the lowdown: If you are on corgi, the team has a very high chance of winning. In exchange, the chance of you inidvidually receiving something for free is lower than if you were on another team. Conversely, if you are on another team, your chances of winning are much less clear and you actually have to compete for the team to win, but in exchange if you do you individually have a higher chance of getting something. It's a risk vs reward scenario. Corgi is low risk low reward other teams are high risk high reward.
Yeah, in short there's no benefit to having a higher-level steam profile. Who even USES steam profiles? And nobody needs insanely high friends lists, either.
OML. The number of times people have gone looking at the local fletcher for +2 bows etc in my games. I keep telling them "spend the weeks of downtime and you'll find it" but they almost never want to. Except for the really charismatic wizard who manages to repeatedly scam elderly magic item sellers out of thousands when buying their stuff through an Abbot and Costello routine.
Fully know the feeling. I run a game where magic is everywhere and there's magitech and all, but I keep making it clear that you need to LOOK for magic items via downtime and they still visit every vendor and weapon dealer looking for them. Even in minor towns. Then on the rare occasion they find something they inevitably work on attempting to seduce in order to get discounts. Why can't they do things the normal way and charm, lie, and frame their way into getting hoards of cash and spending it as normal?
hey, at least this isn't D. Gray-Man where the author once made a chapter that consisted of roughly 5 speech-less full-panel pages and then disappeared for another month and a bit.
Heh heh. Right there with ya. Last D&amp;D campaign I had a side-mission where the party had to defeat El-Shaddol Nephilim and her gauntlet of Gem-Knights.
Hm. Well. Not sure what to make of it, really. Animation was pretty good, if a little janky in a couple of places. They did some interesting angles and effects which even if I felt they didn't really "land" were fun to look at. Plotwise, I'm interested. There's been a fair few anime with this kind of concept and a lot of them tend to falter pretty quickly or just devolve into trashiness (Dorei-Kun the Animation for example) or outright spoil the results during the show (Juuni Taisen). So all told I'm hoping this will in the very least be mediocre, and in the very best expect it to be "good fun". The last scene did surprise me a little, though. Wasn't expecting *that*. onto more specifics, I do like how it establishes there being some kind of perception filter to prevent people overly caring or noticing the battles and deaths. It does a good job at establishing without outright telling (though I'm sure we'll get a more detailed explanation later). Good job there. I'm also amused that I feel like I was "faked out" on who the main character would be twice. Kind of sad that the guy I thought would be the MC (crossbow guy) died. Was hoping to get a little more of him. People here draw Future Diary comparisons and...yeah, I'll agree. Which is funny because for the entire time I was watching, I had managed to *forget Future Diary exists*. xD
My personal rule is that in any show with any kind of supernatural bent to it and people are incredibly oblivious to the flags and tropes, you have to just assume that media revolving around those topics don't exist in the setting. The ideas can seem easy enough to comprehend to us because we've consumed a lot of media with these tropes. But what if we hadn't? Imagine it being a fresh concept and how many questions you'd have.
Hell yeah. laughably bad in some instances. Too lazy to do the spoiler tag so I won't give any details. :P
So true, so very true.
I mean unless you read the manga (I haven't), we don't know the rules for this system yet so Battle Royal/Survival Game is the best comparison we have right now.
What does Error Code 15 mean? I just lost 4 hours of mapping because of it and there's no backups.
He's even jam-filled.
You say that but we haven't seen anything to suggest something like the episode's title is possible for him at his current level. Kid struggles even with temporary 20%. He's going to need to do more than imagining a pie in a microwave.
I suspect it happened by accidentally clicking the save button while the program was closing. But that then raises the question of why the program didn't delay closing to save, or else not save while closing. I was going to say I don't know where Maps/Backup is, but I took a hunch and assumed %AppData%. Turns out the hunch was right. Thank you! I'd already started a remake but this is much preferable!
I was impressed. They even managed to get it so "right" that they were able to include a couple of tracks by Kajiura without it being out of place.
If this show can hit all the important beats of Madoka we should be able to enjoy it at least. Let's see... * Magical Girls * Weirdness incarnate enemies * Great music * Suffering. Lots and lots of suffering. That last one seems like the real sticking point.
Eh. If it's an AU that actually harms my enjoyment, because it makes the entire project feel like a waste of time when they had a rich, established story already set up which could be worked with.
Blast. There goes most of my hopes for it.
Invader Zim can attest to that.
You know, I'm surprised there doesn't appear to be an Incubus Battler.
Yeah, that was my assumption. I found it quite amusing and a decent way to tip off how the psychic manipulation was already taking over.
This is nice. Now we just need some repository of useful icons. Right now I know there's a bunch I want but can't recall what I need.
Ooh, coming out the gate with a 3D model, eh? That's quite nice to see. :D
You would still get the warmongering penalties with other players, however.
Perhaps but that doesn't justify all civs knowing you did it, though. I mean paying others to war for you was the modus operandi for many civs in the past who had the wealth to spare, and it only affected them if it could be traced back. One example I can think of is Elizabethan England funding the Dutch rebellion against Spain.
This as well/. The closest I am able to do at present is to levy a CS I am suzerain of, and upgrade its units to whatever more powerful form I've researched. sometimes this is enough to turn the tides of battle but it isn't nearly as effective. I'd also like to see CSes gifting UUs to you again. And the ability for a CS to control more than one city.
Oh yes, absolutely. I like having the Persians and Sumerians but I would really prefer the Babylonians.
I mean excluding 4, it's only ever been Elizabeth and/or Victoria, until 6 added Eleanor anyway.
Why the Thorn Prisoners? I WANT MY EARTHBOUND KRAKEN!
Why were they obsessed with 90 minutes? I can't quite work that out.
That would make sense...if they didn't also cut them from the home release. Plenty of television shows and films make cuts for TV but retain them for home release. EDIT: Also wasn't this a theatrical release?
That would explain it. But even then...battery-operated torches! I know the man used to delve into ancient ruins where torches were sometimes easier to maintain but...come on! :D
Hm, things are picking up nicely. I'm quite liking it so far.
Whenever I see the flower dance (which I rarely do because of how long and boring it is), I must admit I'm glad they don't forcibly change your player outfit into...whatever that thing is the guys are wearing.
This is why I can't understand people praising Deity play as some kind of challenge or a "correct" way to play. It's not playing on harder difficulty, you're just playing a rigged game. I'd rather play against people if I want a real challenge.
You just described a vast, vast majority of RPGs.
From what I'm reading, none of this has been in-game - unless I'm mistaken they're banning from the official discord server.
you'd ban me because...I'm talking to you? Seriously. I'm not the OP nor who you were originally replying to. I just chimed in with an observation.
Definitely agree there. None of the major pauses or waits have bothered me because of how solid the music is.
Title is a bit oof but in regards to the actual discussion Some faces look a bit weird to me. the first NPC you meet creeped me out a little, but others look quite normal.
What I got to play seemed pretty decent. My only criticisms would be that some of the NPC faces looked a bit weird to me, and that I think the player character walk speed is a tad too quick. That said, it has my interest at any rate.
No. To date the AI can and will still attack city-states of yours regardless of if you are Friends or Allies. In my opoinion, you should only ally with civs who are far from any CS you are interested in. Last game I played, I declared protectorate on the Aztecs, fought them off, then immediately had to fight off them AND Scythia from another CS. 'Twas a pain but really kickstarted my world-domination Culture victory.
(NOTE: You are not at war)
Something new is coming soon, we just don't know when.
I think the main point of criticism I have for Temtem is that due to the artistic style, the Tem themselves can be a bit hard to...understand, as it were, and make them out from the background. I could do with a bit less saturation and pastel.
Richard very quickly became my least liked character in this show with this episode. He's being a bit pretentious with what he seems to think is discriminatory or offensive. All the lad did was say he hadn't seen clothes like those before. I can understand an emphasis on politeness given he is a high-end business, so I have no qualms with that part. On the other hand, that is a (sadly) accurate depiction of some Europeans these days. Seigi on the other hand? Very upstanding fellow. And I like our new minerologist friend introduced this episode too.
Yeah, I get the "why" of Richard's...oddities in that regard. Like I said, high-end business, got to be polite. I just think that as portrayed in this episode, it's a bit too much. Could be a subtitling issue, perhaps, but I just think his chiding was too strong compared to what he's responding to. If Seigi's comments were obviously prejudicial then it wouldn't be a big matter, but the way the scenes went down it seems like an overreaction that can at best deserve a simple remark like "Your clothes may be odd to them" (if addressed at all).
&gt; microaggressions Tosh. EDIT: By which I mean, if Richard ever used such a term and Seigi went along with it, I wouldn't call him upstanding; I'd call him naive to the point of stupidity.
The ideas presented on paper for civ 6 are superior to V. However it has too many failings. The graphics are cleaner, but I do not like them being so "smartphoney" and pastel. There is a reason why I use the Civ 5 texture pack mod. I like muted colours more. Some of its mechanics were refinements on those of 5 (specifically religion and tourism), while its own unique mechanics are decent (Districts). However, there are problems. My biggest issue comes with some of the expansion mechanics. The World Congress is far, FAR inferior to V's one, and the inability to have people "host" the conferences nor propose legislation, and especially the inability of civs to actively respond to proposals or purchase votes, makes it incredibly lacking overall and ruins immersion. Rather than being a force of economics and politics, the World Congress is reduced to a magical force that makes you behave as it commands. The climate change mechanic is fun, however it is severely weak for what it should do and snowballs in an unrealistic fashion. Flooding should affect more tiles, and it should be easier to stop a snowball. By the time you reach stage 3, there's just no point in bothering to stop it. Amenities being distributed across cities was a decent way to try and impose limits on spreading out, but as is always the case it doesn't stop Wide play. The only real way to combat this issue is for there to exist mechanics that *only* work in Tall play and not wide. Anything else, such as Korea's UD, will simply turn into a "win more" button when extrapolated into wide play. Additionally, the moddability of civ 6 is somewhat lacking compared to V. However, I will concede that civ V was hardly the pinnacle of modability until the DLLs were released at the end of its life. All told, it is my belief that when Civ 6's DLLs are released, and all the annoying hardcoded bits can actually be meddled with, it will be the superior option to V due to all the ways various quirks and half-baked ideas could be fixed. Until then, I will hold that it is inferior to V on several levels, despite me putting far more time into 6 than V. TL;DR: Some of 6 is good, some is bad. For years now I have held many of the good ideas in 6 as being "half-baked" because they aren't as good as they could have been, with the World Congress being the biggest offender. Regardless I think 6 will become the best by the end of its life and we can all move on to mutually hating 7.
I'm seeing queues of over 7000. That's more than double what it was last time.
Yup, happened to me as well. Not too fussed really, at least. Doesn't matter since it'll all be wiped again on release.
Not much luck for me so far. Currently stuck waiting for the tutorial fight to begin.
I think it's been pretty fun so far. I'm quite into it. It's not the best, feels like there's a little idiot ball action going on, but on the whole...
Whoa. Morphing Jar 2, Book of Moon, and Soul Drain unlimited? Thunder Dragons struck down? Pot of Avarice makes a comeback?! Praise to the Sun Dragon!
It's used as an engine in so many decks at this point. It was bound to happen eventually.
Do not question. Just relax and play the Prediction Princesses.
I personally rejoice at the murdering of Brilliant Fusion Predaplant engines. :D
It'd be nice to have something like this available in the game itself for quick reference.
I would definitely agree that the price is steep, especially for an early access game. Although that said you'll probably get as much fun out of it as from a Pokemon game and the price is around that of the old GBA-through-3DS titles. Marginally cheaper, even - and those didn't even have customisation until the 3DS era.
Tateru is pretty cute. Reminds me of Audino in Pokemon. But my heart was stolen by Loali today.
Oh absolutely. I'm gay, and if there's one thing that's guaranteed to tick me off to an extreme, it's members of "the community" getting up in arms about something and demanding things be censored or altered to suit their sensibilities. I think I'll quote the gay steel worker from Homer's Phobia on this one: "Oh, be nice!"
Clearly, you need an actual Scot to play Willie. (Sarcasm)
Yes. If they're going to go and do this, then clearly we need consistency. Which would also mean hiring about 15 more voice actors for no good reason.
Dual-type moves are pretty interesting. Especially if the synergy mechanic can be expanded to turn monotype moves into dual-type ones. Now THAT would be neat. I'd also like to see some more temtem with darker colours and less cutesy designs. Cute is nice but I need something with more edge to balance it out.
and while controversial, a couple of Gardevoir/Gothitelles to get some more people on board.
I think Synergy and Stamina are the biggest changes which are simultaneously easy to understand, and really great from a strategic standpoint. As all battles are Doubles, I find it both cool and fitting that some of your moves can be altered based on what the other Temtem is you have out. I'm also quite fond of how it seems like temtem can evolve mid-battle (not sure if they can but my Iola seemed to). There are some things I don't quite like as much, though ,and sadly one of those things is Tem designs. There's a few I like, but there's a lot I don't. Too many "cute" critters that look weird with big eyes and odd designs. I'd like to see a few more down-to-earth ones with darker colours in future to play with. My favourites so far have been Swali/Swoali (dark colours), and Skail. Additionally, my other complaint would be with the *names* of the Temtem. In Pokemon, most names are combinations of words and themes to make nice-sounding creature names. But most temtem are designed with names that just sound like syllables without meaning. To pick a few random examples, compare: * Pokemon: "Blissey", "Eelektross", "Murkrow", "Kirlia" * Temtem: "Houchic", "Banapi", "Tateru", "Fomu". There are some temtem with good names, too, like Wimplump, Amphatyr, Granpah, and Piraniant. But most have strange syllable names that just make them sound weird.
"These bloody things are everywhere. They're in the lift, in the lorry, in the bond wizard, and all over the malonga gilderchuck." In seriousness though as a Brit I found the British episode to be incredibly amusing. Having Homer crash his car into the royal carriage and damage the queen's neck was certainly ballsy, though maybe not as ballsy as the time he threw the emperor of Japan into a tub of thongs.
&gt; you have to at least offer those chances to them I agree. But that doesn't mean that we need to replace established voices. Make new characters in new shows and offer the roles out to anyone who can do the voice well. The Simpsons generally doesn't want or need to because they already have a very talented selection of voice actors available. How often do they bring in a new voice actor that isn't a guest appearance? &gt; I get in this case it's off-putting that you're having someone step down from a role he's had for 30 years, but you do have to admit with how exaggerated Apu's heavy accent is No I don't. It's not exaggerated at all, and there are real indians I have met and heard with accents far more outrageous than anything Hank can do.
Vulcane looks neat. Shuine's alright but still a bit...cartoony. I do like Valash, Kalabyss and Volarend though. Can't say I like Myx
This is the real test to see just how consistent he wants to be. Then there's also Dr. Hibbert, Fat Tony, Groundskeeper Willie, Uter, Akira... I know he doesn't voice all of (if any) them but the point is it's silly to step down from Apu while they have so many others nobody makes a fuss about. Some arguably far more quote-unquote "offensive".
How about we give him the old South Park Chef treatment, but without the paedophile ring brainwashing?
It's usually on at dinnertime in the UK. Although that said Channel 4 almost exclusively airs repeats. I think they're currently doing season 9.
I mean even they caved to one particular outrage mob once. They turned it into a running gag later but still.
&gt; Just because you have met Indian people that have heavier accents doesn't mean that everyone single one is going to have one just as heavy, though. That is a complete non-argument. You said that Hank's accent was exaggerated but the fact is it isn't, because there are plenty of Indians with accents just as thick or worse. The fact that there exist indians with lesser or even no Indian accent has no bearing on it. &gt; it still doesn't make a white guy doing his interpretation of said heavy accent less of a bad look. It isn't a bad look in the slightest though. There is nothing wrong with doing accents. &gt;. If it were a European accent of some sort in question, it'd be a little different, but with non-White ethnicities it is something that we need to be more mindful of. No, that's a double standard and a racist one at that. Either accents are fine or they aren't. Pick one. Is it racist for Japanese voice actors to put on foreign accents of Americans and British people? Is it racist for African voice actors to put on voices of Japanese and Americans? EDIT: And for that matter, "white people" are as diverse as anyone else, so why is it magically "different" for an American to do a stereotyped Scottish accent, Australian accent, French accent, German accent, and so on? Because of their skin colour?
&gt; I'm sure fans would be able to make private servers The next question after that is if Crema would C&amp;D those servers. Most fan-made private servers are kept on the down-low because they technically aren't legal thanks to idiotic judge rulings, and companies can and do C&amp;D them if they get big enough.
Much easier to understand. Incidentally,I can't be the only one who still instinctively refers to these all by their Pokemon equivalents, right?
I think it would be especially beneficial for those of us who get in on Early Access, since it means we could replay the full story (assuming that adding to the story means adding content earlier on we may miss otherwise in EAG)
Oh, really? That's fantastic. No giving up valuable items to a strange old person who makes my tem re-learn moves!
True, that is quite amusing. But even then he was still a bit too dense to figure out what weirdness happened next until it was spelled out.
&gt; The reliance ensures a stable economy and lack of hacks to ruin it. I'm sorry but that is simply inaccurate. Online games can and will be hacked, it is unavoidable. Team Fortress 2 comes to mind as a great example, but even World of Warcraft requires admins to hunt for hackers.
&gt; Yes it would suck to lose Temtem Some people spent thousands of dollars supporting its creation. I think "it would suck to lose it" might be an understatement. Though to me the main thing is that even if the MMO were to eventually go under, the IP can still be reused for a single-player game model which is more sustainable. Though the MMO itself could easily go that way at the end of its lifespan.
&gt; more difficult to hack Key phrase here is that they are "more difficult" to hack. Not that they can't be. My main umbrage with your previous comment was the notion that the game can't be hacked because it's an online non-client-side game. It's more difficult, sure, but that doesn't make it impossible. There **will** be hackers on TemTem eventually.
Huh, TIL. Thanks!
We shouldn't make it acceptable for them to do this, however. If it makes them money they will begin to expand based on that model. Microtransactions that are heavily anti-consumer didn't start by locking content away, they pushed the envelope until they made it "acceptable" or at least profitable enough to remove game content and sell it back.
People who defend microtransactions with the "financial trouble" line really don't get that there are other, morally acceptable ways to make money. Merch is definitely one of them. Prinny mugs, Prinny T-shirts, more Edna mouspads, keychains, hats, hoodies, bracelets. All hte usual junk.
&gt; Wow, lots of hate in this thread. I mean, what has NIS done in recent years (since Disgaea 5) to earn goodwill? Disgaea 5 Complete was an absolute mess on PC with no apology or compensation, they squandered money on a terrible mobile game, they failed to give us any indication of a new main line game, they have still failed to port many classics to PC, Ys VIII exists, **and** they added microtransactions to Disgaea 4 Complete+, which was also not ported to PC.
I mean it's entirely their fault that they're in financial crisis right now. They sit on franchises with a decent enough audience that basic ideas will sell (merchandise) but they don't break into it. Heck they could even try crowdfunding game projects. Or just port more things where demand exists.
You know, I love the colours on this thing. That beautiful dark green on its body. Very much welcome in my book if it ever became a thing. I hope they do competitions after the 161 are added for people to design new temtem.
Wait, wait. I can trade Temtem for money? ... **I can be the Magikarp Salesman!**
The issues today were the result of them testing a new config and it clearly took them by surprise. The test two days ago went quite smoothly after a while. So I imagine it might be a little rocky at first but then stabilise.
&gt; I see it more as letting people who simply don't have the free time to spend on the grinding that's all but required to beat the story, actually have a chance to finish the game. You pay for a game and then pay even more to skip through it. That's asinine to the highest degree. &gt; It would be a different matter if the game constantly reminded you about the DLC, or if it was a Gatcha/loot-box, or if the game was rebalanced to try to force players to buy the DLC, but this sort of microtransaction is basically harmless. Remember the game is still balanced so that you'll never have to use them, so I say just leave them up for people who genuinely do "need" them. Don't be so naive. We have seen how these models start, and where they eventually lead if not challenged. This model is unacceptable in any capacity.
&gt; For some people that's the only option they have [...] but some people do actually need this sort of DLC. I reject that wholecloth. If you don't have the time to finish a game, you don't finish the game (or better, don't waste money buying it). If you wasted money buying a game and you don't have the time to finish it, the solution is either selling it, trading it in, gradually working through it. Not spending more money to finish a game illegitimately. You might as well use a cheat device instead, that'll still work out cheaper on the long run and have the same lack of legitimacy. &gt; . Literally all this is, is letting people buy level ups, Mana, and a few items that are basically useless in the post game. How is that so horrifying? Again, it is an unacceptable first step that can and *will* get worse as time progresses. There is no legitimate reason for it to exist and the best excuse you can offer is "people are too lazy to play the game or don't have enough time so their solution is to waste money on what are basically *paid cheats*"
&gt; Pokemon has zero end-game? Depends entirely on the game in question. The good games usually had additional areas and of course multiple battle facilities, which would take months even for a good trainer to beat (with the exception of the obligatory Battle Factory which comes down to tactics and sheer dumb luck).
Of course it won't. It's the highest grossing media franchise in the world and has an insane amount of brand loyalty. That can't hold up forever, however. Even Star Wars has been faltering.
Pfft. Masuda alone? The problem with Game Freak is almost their entire team. They keep wanting to be a small, "indie" company and make AAA games, charging AAA prices. They're nearly all delusional and need the boot. Honestly, they should have been firing people the moment they did the interview where they said something to the effect of "kids have smartphones and don't have long attention spans, so we don't put a lot of content in."
Brand Loyalty and FOMO is one hell of a drug for making cults that worship bad products. Look at the Cult of Apple.
Totally get you there. I hate servers with those stupid censor-bots. Especially when they trip up on really "minor" curses that you hear on the regular in day-to-day life, to the point that large swathes of society don't even consider them to be curses anymore.
I think the biggest problem so far has been that GF haven't caught up with the internet age. By the time of BW, the internet was in full swing and more and more people were able to report every last detail about Gen 5 games on dedicated sites that were easy to find before launch. Naturally, this would kill a lot of hype that can't be sustained for months. At least they learned on that front by making worldwide releases a thing since then, give or take a week or two. It's just too bad that they've now caught on to other, worse habits of internet-era gaming.
The VGC thing could easily be fixed by adding the biggest problem pokemon to the banlist (as they do with Mythicals), at least. Heck, they could rotate an actual ban list like in card games.
That's a shame. Still neat that they'd coded it though.
Oh yes, I'm absolutely aware of that. It'll be slow, but even with Pokemon the seeds of discontent have been growing. I'd say they were sewn with the borefest that was X and Y. Give it a few years. Of course, the games make up only a fraction of the overall franchise income these days, so I doubt it'll make much difference beyond the games getting worse and worse.
&gt; The only reason Steam added the refund was because of the European Union forcing them to if they wanted to sell their products there. Actually I think that had more to do with *Australia* than the EU.
&gt; IGN owns Humble Bundle, I did not know this, and now I'm sad knowing it. Got one of those Men In Black mind-wipe lasers?
I totally agree. I'd love to see them get more designs bought from Fakemon artists. Fakemon tend to have really nice designs.
I'm 100% on board with them finding good Fakemon artists and buying designs from them for future Temtem. A lot of Fakemon have the kind of designs I want to see more of.
Oh yes. Must count our blessings there.
That sack thing on Harwisp looks weird to me, but otherwise I like these designs. *Throws Temcard*
I usually keep my starter in the main story of pokemon games unless they are hopelessly outclassed by things I catch. This is mostly because they tend to be the strongest thing I have. In TemTem, I might keep my Crystle for a while, but after finding out how long it takes to evolve, I feel like I might want to focus on other Temtem instead.
You know what? This was honestly the best chapter in a long time, in terms of plot progression. We've learned a lot here. So the world ended once before and the Noah are memories left of some people from that time. But also the Millennium Earl is to become the Pillar and end the world? I'm very curious as to how this relationship works. Either way, I found it very amusing. We've now reached a classic Shin Megami Tensei style "human is the only answer" dillemma between the sides. The Noah's actions are evil but their goal to destroy innocence is justified. The Exorcists' actions are good but they serve and revere Innocence that seeks to destroy them. Seems like the only way to win is to destroy both.
I imagine their size can fluctuate as desired by the Musician controlling them.
Who are these "Lavi" and "Leenalee" people? They sound so familiar and yet it's like they've disappeared for years... xD
There is no set time. The odds are for each individual encounter. You could go years without seeing one, or see two in the span of hours.
Though word of warning, JFD seems to have abandoned about 70% of his civ 6 mods, so retention rate across updates might not be too good.
They are rare. Rarer than Shinies in Pokemon in fact. You see more of them because you see others running around. You'd say the same thing if you could see thousands of players in Pokemon showing off the rare things they find.
I'm not saying Pokemon does it worse. I'm just pointing out that they are, in fact, rarer in this game - it's simply the fact that you can **see** them more often on others.
I found and caught one 3 minutes before the server was rebooted today. Really surprised me.
Sad but true. I prefer playing with ones who will grow.
250 goal, actually. :D
Yeah, that's definitely fair. You honestly can't tell the types of half the temtem by their appearance or colour scheme. Tateru looks like a nature type because green, and Skail looks like an Earth type because brown.
This is...what, 60,000 Parsuns for 1 perfect temtem? I wouldn't complain but it also requires you catch 6 different temtem with the correct attributes and sexes, which can get quite tiresome with the harder to find and harder to catch ones. I wouldn't complain nearly as much if we got a few more different "hybrid" DNA strands (preferably all combinations). That way the cost is the same but as long as you have the 4 initial breeding pairs of the same type, the only issue comes down to the luck of getting the right sex offspring. Actually that's a point, that increases the price and time a bit more. You only have room for 3 mistakes on either side of the chain.
&gt; Its not that hard to get ONE 50SV tems On its own, no. But then it comes to getting the harder to find/catch ones and it becomes a much bigger issue, and when following this breeding guide, you're also hoping the offspring will produce the right sexes to keep having breeding pairs. If they add some kind of fertility extender then it'll be a moot point.
Biggest drawback is that same heal station doesn't sell normal Temcards for some ungodly reason, forcing you to retreat when you're out unless you feel like cutting into your profits significantly.
Although Cold Breeze doesn't seem to do a lot of damage to the Magnis, at least not with the Wimplump I have. I end up having to use Ice Cubes first.
Hm. Freezing has that big of an effect? I've been constantly bringing them down to yellow or red first. If that's the case, I can *really* speed up my farming.
&gt; Fixed being able to filter eggs by their gender Darn it, don't we have prenatal scans! (jk)
I feel like it is. Northgard is fun but I was getting bored by the tenth game and without mods there isn't that much you can do to alter the experience outside of the story mode.
It would be very contentious. However, we have had both Mao Zedong and Stalin in previous games, so it's not out of the question. But given recent track records of companies not wanting to upset China because apparently their money is worth more than ours, I have my doubts we'll see Mao again. In the meantime we have mods! :D
You're not alone. Kyo has way better chemistry while Yuki feels forced.
Yup! I have! It took me about 3 days of trying, though, because it seems like they're determined at the start of the game. Santander was the last one I needed. All I can say is keep trying, and if you don't care about playing a normal game, consider setting up one without victory conditions and a weak-military AI civ. Ironic that I say this when all my games were me vs Shaka (on that note, even on Prince difficulty Shaka will give you trouble from the mid-game onwards!) Also, random trivia: one of the commandante generals is Gregor MacGregor, who is also [one of the most fascinating conmen in history](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7aVu8Bslhw)
There is a vassalage mod for V, actually!
Do you doubt the power of the amazing **Earth Bump**?!
I'd like the Statue of Liberty to not be bugged. I tried verifying, reinstalling, even changing the code of the game, and it still comes out with the R&amp;F effect for me.
I was excited to see this, until I saw Denuvo was attached. No thanks.
however it was just an expanded version of the PS2 game. Much like how Disgaea PC was just Afternoon of Darkness, an expanded PSP port of a PS2 game.
Actually I'm British, but even we have areas where connections are terribly spotty. Mine is, thankfully, stable. But I have two good friends for whom online gaming - even just D&amp;D via a call - is difficult because their connections go off so often.
This does not bode well at all. First they are censoring their own books to pander to the perpetually offended, which is going to rob the adventures of some classic flavour. They have the gall to call them "errors". Those weren't errors, they intentionally wrote the book that way. Own it. There's no problem with it. As for this bit... &gt; we will release a product (not yet announced) that offers a way for a player to customize their character’s origin, including the option to change the ability score increases that come from being an elf, a dwarf, or one of D&amp;D's many other playable folk. This option emphasizes that each person in the game is an individual with capabilities all their ow As long as it's an optional rule I won't complain. But the idea of races having no mechanical benefits, as some float around right now, would be insane. Races in D&amp;D are species - the "classic" meaning of the word. It only makes sense that a Dwarf should have a higher constitution than an elf, that a Loxodon should be stronger than a halfling, and a Tabaxi should be more nimble than a human. This line was also a riot. &gt; We've received valuable insights from sensitivity readers on two of our recent books. That isn't the kind of person you should pay any attention to, ever. That job title effectively reads "offense-finder". Also back at the beginning... &gt; We present orcs and drow in a new light in two of our most recent books, Eberron: Rising from the Last War and Explorer's Guide to Wildemount. In those books, orcs and drow are just as morally and culturally complex as other peoples Well no shit; Orcs and Drow in Wildemount and Eberron don't have the same origin as those from Faerun. They are evil in Faerun because that is how they were made by their gods. And yet, the Drow are still complex. They have defectors and they are full of intrigue and deception and cunning. Being "evil" doesn't mean they aren't culturally complex.
&gt; Honestly it sounds like a cynical way to get you to buy books you already have to have the "updated correct" version And also "you have to buy the books second-hand to get the uncensored version", which is far more annoying.
By that reasoning everyone was a slave under Feudalism. While comparable, that's just not true.
Yay, censorship!
They are damaging the integrity of their own product by censoring things now considered verboten for political reasons. That's not something to celebrate. Please, do continue trying to flame me for not approving of censorship.
New editions of the game are effectively new games, with new rules outright. I don't have to approve of the changes but there's a world of difference between making a new game and changing an existing one.
I like that you were downvoted for pointing out the obvious.
You're trying to redefine censorship to excuse it. The fact that earlier versions continue to exist does not stop it being censorship. That's like arguing that the Bowdlerised versions of Shakespeare aren't censorship.
No. It only wouldn't be censorship if they wrote a new book. But they are going back and changing their own for political reasons. "the suppression or prohibition of any parts of books, films, news, etc. that are considered obscene, **politically unacceptable**, or a threat to security." Emphasis mine, apologist.
Yaaaay...Read Death Season 2... /s Why "season 2"? It's not seasonal. It doesn't have a league or anything like that. The name seems to be just to capitalise on Mobas. I guess the alien units might make it easier to do a Beyond Earth mod. I mean I appreciate free updates, I'm just not sure if all this is necessarily "Big Name Update" material, if you get what I mean.
That's a fair point. Plus, Sean Bean's narration might make it less boring. It's still not really a mode I care much for though. I played it three times just to get some achievments and that's all I'll end up playing it for again. :P
&gt; What about real life stereotypes of certain races being overwhelmingly evil, murderous, treacherous liars and killers? That's a stereotype virtually every culture has of its enemies. Every single one. It's how Americans viewed the Japanese in WWII, it's how the Greeks viewed the Persians, how the Egyptians viewed the Macedonians, how the English viewed the French and vice versa.
Any authority can censor, including publishers and developers. You don't get to create arbitrary definitions to make something magically not be what it is just because you approve of it.
No, it doesn't. You're trying to force a square peg into a round hole. In reality, it's a stereotype born from national enmity. In the game, it's a fact because of how gods have an active role in the world.
Hm. Alright, thank you for the concise explanation! :)
Hooey! Sonny, you have to speak louder into me hearin' trumpet. Ah, screw it, I'm going to go back and leave yer young'uns to yer Donkey Kongs and Super Mario Hedgehogs!
It's nobody's place to force people to swallow politics, especially if they're based on a faulty premise.
Don't invoke MLK. MLK would be absolutely *ashamed* of BLM. They're undoing everything he stood for.
While they promote racist hiring practices.
And worse, those who have been affected by it negatively (people whose homes or businesses were wrecked by BLM, those whose national icons or local icons have been threatened, defaced, and destroyed by them, and so on).
You forced it onto us clientside. Whether it can be dismissed or not, you **did** force it on us whether we wanted it or not - and the fact that it happened to be bugged so we could only close it on a restart doesn't help much either. But regardless, you lot brought us here, and we're here to say we also don't approve of racism. Or US politics being pushed on us. Or racist hiring practices in the name of fighting racism.
&gt; The banner on the top of Discord literally is advocating for the BLM political movement that I watched on livestream the other week burn down two businesses in my town. Yeah, nice peaceful protestors we have. And in other countries, topple and vandalise statues. Heck, they did that even in the USA of various people, destroying historic monuments.
Well, at least you'll get "The Good Die Young" achievement, probably.
Supporting vandalism and terrorism is not okay. The statues cost money to make and are symbols and memorials to people who did great things. Destroying them is a vile act of barbarism and an attempt to destroy culture, heritage, and history. Failing all else, consider the *artist* that had to spend days if not weeks or months creating it.
Why would that even be an option in the settings?
&gt; Why would there have to be a norm at all? Gnomes are almost all Chaotic. Lawful gnomes are against the norm. Evil firbolgs are against the norm, as they are almost all good. There's no issue in having a norm that groups lean towards.
The issue is it goes against a longstanding D&amp;D tradition and it's being done for "wokeness" purposes - that is to say, to appease to the worse people in society, the ones that go around, find offence in literally everything, and demand the world change to appease them.
See, the problem with that is that it's completely sane and reasonable, which the people complaining about "racism" don't like.
Seems interesting all told, but I am disappointed that it's another 1-12 adventure. We have so many "start at level 1" adventures already and only one adventure that goes up to level 20. I know, I know, "most people don't play that high" and all of that. I get it, but it would be nice to see some more high-level play adventures or at least adventures that go into fourth tier or have the possibility for that to happen. I mean if nothing else, it'd really help with understanding the kind of encounters that tier would face without relying on CR-party level comparisons (which as we all know are usually highly deceptive).
The +10 combat thing wasn't too bad initially, before the Religion system was reworked and Religious Units became their own category of unit. Originally, they were classified as Civilian units, meaning you could put them in formation with military units and great people. Unfortunately, when the split happened and Religious units became their own type, Firaxis didn't make it so they can enter formation, so now the +10 combat bit has become cumbersome to use due to extra clicks needed.
Yeah, it's a pretty good redesign. Few small details I wish would be retained but on the whole it's good. (And miles better than Tattoo Crash).
Ah, I didn't know that! Honestly my biggest problem with Wrath are its loading times. The teleport sound is burned into my mind.
&gt; * A tile with significantly high yields Sometimes with mod wonders that provide them as standard, too.
It'd be nice if rule 1/3 was expanded to cover repetitive content.
Something in the region of 9-10 years now. Started late into 3.5 with a friend, but it didn't click with me at the time due to its complexity and blatant DM favourtism for his girlfriend (who got to do loads of cool things, become a Bahamut paladin dragon-creature, etc, while I get turned into an evil wererat). That put me off for a while. Eventually got back into it with 5e and things got a lot better.
Dark Hole is probably the dumbest of all the name changes. "Ah yes! The infamous phenomenon in space that sucks up everything, so that not even light can escape! The... Dark Hole!"
We'd better be consistent then. As many, many others have said, we must expand upon who can play what. Nancy Cartwright isn't a boy, she has to go. the voices of Marge and Lisa are almost certainly far, far too old to play their characters. And I'd bet that Groundskeeper Willie isn't even voiced by a Scot! But of course, if one were to accept such ridiculous rationale for voicing animated characters, the only real solution would be to not have voices at all. In film and television when adapting works, yes, cast people who physically match the character. If nothing else it boosts accuracy and reduces the makeup budget cost. In animation? Go nuts with whoever sounds best.
Egad. Imagine how many characters will be out of a voice if Harry Shearer dies. That's no Ned, no Burns, no Skinner, no Smithers, no Lenny, no Hibbert (well I guess that one's no longer relevant, a he he he he), no Ranier Wolfcastle, no Birch Barlow, no Jasper, no Kent Brockman, no Larry, no Lovejoy, no Legs, no Mr. Costington, Eddie, God, Scratchy...and so many more.
That's why you include the opportunity for vassals to declare a War of Independence, giving them the opportunity to fight to restore their sovereignity - with diplomatic benefits for them and anyone who supports them if they win.
Please, whatever you do, stick to a Crash 2-like formula instead of Crash 3. The Jet Ski, Plane, and Bike levels of 3 weren't fun, had terrible controls, and unless you can push through them, you can't progress. Stick to a small number of play styles and focus on those.
Well, yes. Unless they're somehow happy to be your vassal, one would obviously have to maintain some form of army nearby and keep tabs on them. I'd say that's only a fair expectation.
My main problem with the jetski is it's so far removed from what Crash is meant to be, a platformer. It's as out of the blue as the jetpack levels at the end of 2 (which I felt were a bit shoehorned in when I finished the game yesterday)
