Not all the time. I had an accident a few years ago and a cop saw it happen. It was the other driver's fault, and he wrote it up that way, but we both had the same insurance company and it ended up being considered a no fault accident. I was unable to recover my deductible but my rates did not go up.
The Beltre contract was a big risk. The Rangers got way more out of it than any reasonable person could have imagined. That isn't usually how it works.
&gt;what are you smoking? Nothing. You're even more argumentative than I am. I'm assuming Profar has little to no trade value. Because he's also out of options I don't know why they wouldn't at least give him a chance to fulfill the utility infielder's spot. I'd rather them do that than trade him for nothing. Calhoun would be the left fielder, yeah. All reports say he isn't good at it, but in a transition year why not see how he does? He may get better focusing on one position. He played a lot of infield in the Dodgers system. I'd be willing to give him time. I think it's pretty clear that when I said "12 man pitching staff" I meant five starting pitchers and a 7 man bullpen. "8 starters" are your eight position players: three in the outfield, four in the infield, and a catcher. Then I proposed Choo at DH and filled out the bench. Add them up...it's 25 guys.
&gt;Wish we had this guy still. Put up a -0.8 fWAR for the Rockies in the first year of a six year, $70 million contract at age 31. In Texas he had a truly great May through July, but besides that he was terrible in April, then worse than awful in August and September.
Yep, the Discman. Skip, skip, skip. Every bump, even with the little shock absorber attachment I bought for it. I've only bought one brand new car in my life. My first car was as old as I was, and while it was pretty awesome it broke down too much. I bought a new 1994 Ford Ranger while still in high school with my own money. I sold my old car for $4k, had another $4k cash and financed the remaining $4k with my parents name on the loan. Anyway, no CD player in the Ranger so I continued with that stupid Discman for 10 more years, which was when I bought a used car that had a CD player in it. It was pretty awesome at the time. Still don't have a car with built-in bluetooth or Apple Car Play. My wife does, but I don't. I'm thinking about buying a new car, though, and it'll have all that shit. Anyway I don't miss CDs. Especially in the car the cases would break and the CDs would get scratched. Even with an in-dash player they'd still skip sometimes, or be weird about playing CDs you burned yourself. CDs are better than cassette tapes. That's all I can really say for them.
I was astounded after they didn't put the game away in the ninth, amazed when they went up two in the 10th, and devastated after blowing it again just a few minutes later. By the bottom of the 11th I knew something bad was going to happen. It was a crazy game. I was really optimistic for Game 7, but that didn't turn out well. In the end, I feel that Game 6 was one of the best baseball games ever played, and while it's extremely disappointing that the Rangers couldn't win it, it's pretty cool that my favorite team played a game that so many will remember. I feel sorry for people who are still so upset about it. I love baseball and love the Rangers as much as anyone else, but holy fuck, you know? Life goes on. I'm not going to let that game or any other playoff series (from 1996 through 2016) ruin Rangers baseball for me. Others have succumbed to it. They're bitter and cynical and pessimistic to such a degree that I can't even figure out why they bother to watch anymore.
Mac Engel. He quotes no sources from the team. This is not reporting...it is shit stirring.
&gt;Hearing that Cole to the Astros is not close, but approximate, not imminent, but perhaps impending, neither up nor down, but certainly stretching in all directions, and always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom. This is a silly, unsubstantiated tweet that isn't even about the Rangers. Removed.
Yeah, that's actual reporting, and it's not nearly as dire as Engel implies.
It was just a plastic plate with springs inside of these little rubber things. It didn't work all that well. If I remember correctly I bought the discman as part of a "car kit" that included the adapter for the cassette deck and a cigarette lighter adapter for power.
&gt;Then Cruz didn't catch the pop up... It was a catchable ball, but not an easy play and definitely not just a pop up.
I voted for Obama twice and I hate Donald Trump to his miserable core, but nobody had heard of Obama before he gave the keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic Convention. That speech put him on the map; people were talking about a President Obama right after it was over. Of course Obama had a few other things going for him. Very smart guy. Fresh face. Loads of charisma. He was also well-liked inside the party. I don't know what qualifies Oprah Winfrey. I'm sure she's a very intelligent woman, but she also hoisted Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz upon the nation. That may be disqualifying.
That's a pretty good deal. This is the latest quote I've received: 2018 Honda Accord Touring 1.5L &gt; MSRP: $34,675 &gt; &gt; Internet Sales Price: $31,889 &gt; &gt; Drive Out: $ 34,312 &gt; &gt; The above Drive Out quote INCLUDES the following accessories &amp; services: &gt; 1. Destination fees &gt; 2. Window tint &amp; pinstripes with lifetime warranty &gt; 3. Nitrogen Tire Inflation &gt; 4. Genuine Honda Protection Package (wheel locks, splash guards, &amp; trunk tray) &gt; 5. Free Car Washes for life &gt; 6. First Oil Change is free &gt; 7. 24-hour Honda Roadside Assistance &gt; 8. Tax, title, &amp; license I was in a wreck and my car will finally go into the body shop for an estimate on Monday. That's when I'm going to start comparing dealer quotes, hopefully driving down the price some. The bigger motor isn't a big deal to me, but I can get it for what you got it for, I probably will.
For sure.
It would be more fun with a friend, I think, but I don't see why it would be weird to go alone. It's been so long since I've been to one of these that someone else will have to tell you what it's like.
I think they've improved a bit offensively. Calhoun gives them a left fielder who can hit (or at least he's supposed to). That allows Gallo to move to first base and replace Napoli, who just wasn't good last year. Replacing a bad hitter with a good one makes a pretty big difference. Odor will have a hard time being as bad as he was in 2017. I expect some improvement there, even if it's modest. Beltre wasn't able to give the team even 400 plate appearances last year, but he was very, very good when he did play. If he can just be a bit healthier he will help a lot. There are a few other players I think can get better and provide more offense, including Gallo, Mazara, and DeShields. I think internal improvements can and should offset expected age declines from Chirinos and Choo, plus a slight regression from Andrus. If the Rangers can't improve upon last season I expect it will be because the defense is terrible, primarily. DeShields looks okay in center but nothing special. Mazara and Calhoun are below average to say the least. Andrus is okay at short but Odor is bad. Should be pretty good at the infield corners. I wouldn't be surprised if this team pitches better, but I think it will be an average staff if everything goes well, and I don't think everything will go well. It rarely does. I'll enjoy the season regardless of what happens. To make sure I do, I'll probably be hanging around here a lot less because there are a number of people here who are just a huge fucking drag, sad to say.
Who knows what the handedness of the lineup will look like by the time this kid is MLB ready.
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Self-posts must be informative to the community and facilitate a baseball discussion. The front page of /r/TexasRangers is not a place for personal questions, fleeting thoughts, etc. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
There's a userscript that does this faster than RES does. It's called Overview Redirect.
&gt; shutdown all of reddit Not a bad idea.
I always forget about Gallardo. I don't think he'd be any better, though, despite what his AAA numbers are. In the big leagues the modest K rate will come down and the BB% will go up. And that HR/FB rate is going to regress in a very big way. He may still be better than Moore but I have trouble believing there's much difference between them.
Fucking green beans and I still won't eat them.
Fair enough. It couldn't have been the team with the 23-35 record. It was all me.
Even in the old days that would have gotten you beaned in your next at bat.
One person in the game thread. One. The game thread was dead tonight especially by the 9th. Down 6-0 on a Friday night two time zones away during a terrible season. There was hardly anybody there.
I posted this article because it has the rule in it. I personally don't think it was a clean slide. It may or may not be within the rules, but it wasn't a completely innocent play. He punched Bautista for less. I think the rule needs to be revisited. If you're sliding right at the fielder who has clearly come way off the bag to make a throw, it shouldn't matter whether you can still reach the base or not. This kind of thing can be hard to see in real time from TV camera angles, but Odor went right for Simmons. I don't think he was trying to hurt him, but reportedly Simmons got spiked enough to have a gash in his shin, and that's the kind of shit the rule seeks to avoid.
From what I understand there are different kinds of sequoia and the kind pictured above was useless for building shit. The smaller, more common trees were good for building things.
He's 30 and has been injured as often as not in his career. I don't see it happening.
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * This post would fit better as a comment in another post, such as today's game thread, post game thread, or the weekly off topic thread. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
Book club.
They're not indestructible. She had several problems with it when she got rid of it, the biggest of which was the battery pack. Really expensive to replace.
That's not so bad, I guess. Her estimate was enough to give up on the car especially considering it had other problems.
https://www.fangraphs.com/zonegrid.aspx?playerid=12282&amp;position=2B
I don't know when you plan on buying but make sure you start shopping during the summer. The AC was shit on hers. Better in a friend of mine's Prius but still too weak for Texas. Her brakes were also bad. I can't remember what was wrong with them, but it was a problem a normal car wouldn't have. The interior is cheap. She had to replace the power window switches twice. The car was just a piece of shit. And no fun to drive at all even when it was working right. I'd get a first gen Fit or something like that. The A/C will be weak in it too but it will cool the car eventually which is better than the Prius will do.
Coming in The Clerk was the Rangers most valuable pitcher by fWAR and he'd only pitched 19 innings.
Hopefully he'll have a chance to bring that down tonight.
Nice hitting.
Just hit a fly ball, Maz.
Just hit a fly ball, Beltre. Or whatever you want to do. You're the boss.
Who cares.
haha
That wasn't venom, man.
He didn't run hard. They both messed up.
I guess Nitkowski doesn't realize that Odor took out another Angels second baseman with a bad slide a couple years ago.
The Angels twice including last night, the Bautista incident, and I seem to have a vague recollection of something happening against Houston. What else?
hahaha. I bet that pisses them off.
Maybe. The magnifying glass is on him since the punch, though.
I don't give him a goddamn thing to hit.
Ballgame! That was a good one.
I don't have an explanation for you, man. I've seen people wishing him to do well a bunch of times without any sort of controversy.
Blue Jays fans love to come over here and post videos of that game. Meanwhile I could find no post or comment history of yours in this subreddit so yeah I thought you were a troll. But it's up now so there you go.
It's true that I wasn't exactly friendly when I asked him to tell me why it should be approved. He's obviously upset and I'll own that. Either way his explanation was plenty good enough and here the video is. I watched it. It made me sad.
Probably true.
What have you seen in Calhoun's game that makes you think he won't be a big league player? How many times have you seen him play? He's having a bad season, sure, but I don't think it's time to write him off just yet. Trading him right now would certainly be a mistake.
[Check out this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8m4vi6/things_to_know_for_my_first_visit_to_the_ballpark/) from not very long ago.
I'd like to try out this extension but it appears to be unavailable on Firefox. Any plans to port it over? Thanks.
I would split the June draft into two groups: high school players who might start out in short season ball and then work their way up the ladder, and college players. And the college players can be further divided. Guys who have spend two or three years at big Division I powerhouses usually don't need a lot of time in the minor leagues. A kid drafted out of a JUCO or a smaller school will need more time. Before Dillon Tate, the Rangers' last really high draft pick was Mark Teixeira, taken 5th overall out of Georgia Tech. They started him at A+ the next season and he finished the year in AA. The next season he got nearly 600 plate appearances for the Rangers after having only 375 minor league plate appearances. He's kind of an extreme example, but even Chi Chi Gonzalez only needed a couple years to make the big leagues.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8ojqe9/the_2018_draft/
Kiner-Falefa has been struggling mightily recently. I would think he gets sent down. But Elvis is still more than a week out, so who knows.
Copying from the GDT: Kiner-Falefa has been struggling mightily recently. I would think he gets sent down. But Elvis is still more than a week out, so who knows.
Reading these comments was...interesting. People get their panties in a twist about the weirdest things.
It says I have third-party scripts enabled but I'm using uBlock Origin in medium mode. 3rd party scripts are blocked, or should be blocked.
His actually in a four-way tie for the team lead in fWAR. His wRC+ is suddenly 103. Pretty good for a MIF. Profar has had a whole lot of doubters. It's good to see them proven wrong. He looks pretty legit at the plate to me.
I agree. I've always thought that if he got enough PAs he'd be at least league average. He's too good at working a count. Even when he was 19 years old it looked like he knew what he was doing at the plate.
Not enough data on that one but so far it's barely favoring pitchers. Marlins Park is next newest and is pitcher friendly. MIN follows and it's hitter friendly. New Yankee Stadium his homer friendly but not particularly hitter friendly overall. It'll be interesting to see how the Rangers next ballpark plays.
"Look at this shift"
https://imgur.com/a/tPHXTb7
The deadline deals not only fill short term needs on the field but also say to the team "we think you're good enough and we have your back". It would fucking suck to play on a team that was good but the front office valued prospects so much they refused to reinforce for a playoff run. Anyway I'd much rather him stay aggressive. Most prospects never turn out to be the player you think they're going to be. Only a few ever will.
Yeah he was a real good hitting coach.
I'm not really that old but film photography is one of the few things in the world I know anything about. The cameras most people used were awful, like [this](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ac/4b/52/ac4b525caa910b630e9dda98f42e81ea.jpg). But then it got worse. [110](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/110_film) cartridge film came out. Disk film and APS are other formats you can look up. They were very popular because of size and ease of use but made terrible photos because of the cheap films, cheap cameras they went in, and tiny negatives. Kodak was the biggest name in film for a long time. Fuji ended up giving them a run for their money, and there was also AGFA, Ilford, and a couple others. When people shot black and white it was probably Kodak Tri-X. When they shot color they probably shot Kodak's Ektachrome and Kodachrome slides until color print film was affordable. Most people sent their film away to a Kodak or Fuji lab to have it developed and printed. You'd drop it off at Wal-Mart, Kmart, drug store, supermarket, etc, and it would come back in around a week. And there were also mailers like the other person said but that was always risky. Even if you picked a good lab to send it to the post office might mangle everything up. There were one-hour photos in drug stores and stand alone shops. The one-hour photo places would do a much better job if you could find one where the kids running it were into photography. Every city of any size had a pro color lab where pros and enthusiasts could get their color film developed and printed with good equipment by people who knew what they were doing. Most people who were into photography developed and printed their own black and white. Polaroid film was pretty expensive, and the consumer Polaroid cameras were awful. Lots of people had them but ended up using 35mm or lesser films like 110 if they went on vacation or something. There were some better [Polaroid cameras](http://landcameras.com/shop/sx-70-original/) that were capable of taking nice looking photos, but most people had cheap plastic ones. Also, Polaroid films were used by pros to test lighting in studios. You could get a Polaroid back for a medium format camera, take a shot, have a look, get things right. [Here's an example](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/801751641-USE/hasselblad_30200_polaplus_100_polaroid_film.html).
Alexy will probably be promoted to AA very soon. If he's successful there it's unlikely he would start there next season. He'll either be with the Rangers or in AAA. When it clicks with these kids they can be here before you know it.
It's not the normal progression for a pitcher who is completely dominating hitters. I don't think they're going to rush him. They'll challenge him, though, if he keeps pitching like he is.
It's not rushing if he's dominant. He still has to get his walks under control but as of right now they cannot hit him.
I don't think I'm the world's biggest asshole online, but I am going to try to be nicer.
I have always enjoyed watching Verlander pitch. I will enjoy it more if the Rangers hang five or six runs on him.
No I wouldn't rush anybody. If they don't have someone ready in the high minors by 2019 they should fill spots with free agents or filler/fringe minor leaguers.
Great walk.
It's bad news.
Good thing for the GIDP
Trying to get himself traded.
He hasn't been great but it's not like he's the worst pitcher in the league or anything. Nowhere close. I don't know what's wrong with him but it's hopefully not the end of the guy's career.
The other team will be looking at it that way, too. Even if the Rangers threw in $25 million, I'm not sure a team would want him enough to give up anything worthwhile. May as well keep him unless the market for him is quite a bit better than what I think it is.
I'd think he'd be the first option.
Guess I'll wait for the official news.
That's a weird place for his intercostal/oblique/lat.
New Deal, Great Society. The Democrats may be farther to the left than they were under Clinton, but they're nowhere near as left as they used to be.
The family breaking up made me an angry, confused little kid. It also meant that I spent more time with my grandparents, and my grandfather was a musician. Moving from a shitty part of Dallas to a suburb put me in a better school and day to day life was just a lot easier. Playing on stage was a rush. But on stage with good monitors, you get an idea of how you really sound as a band. It was a lot better than had thought. It gave me a lot of confidence. I don't think drugs and alcohol are bad things, necessarily, but addiction is. And the shame that came with addiction was crushing. I wanted to die and would have ended up dead eventually. I'm permanently disabled from getting shot. I wasn't strong enough to deal with any of that on my own. My wife was able to wake me the fuck up. For some reason she loved me more than I loved myself, and reminded me about what's good about myself. Helped make me a stronger, better person. And she just has that effect on people anyway, I think. She's in the medical field. Every day she gets her hands dirty and makes the world a better place. Day in, day out. Year in, year out. I really admire her. Thinking about the day we met until now...it's been a crazy adventure and I love her more than I ever have.
You're terrible.
God god you are a beating and a half.
Time to score some runs.
Goddammit.
He nearly had that.
That's nearly twice as many as they have in real life!
This guy is a better partner for Nitkowski than Raymond.
Getting it synced up is such a pain in the ass. And you can get it synced and then somehow it will get out of sync.
Nice opposite field hit. Choo will clear the bases.
I asked him about that in his AMA and he was pretty straightforward that they just fucked up.
Yeah and if the Rangers add Rua to the deal maybe they could throw in that Japanese feller.
Woah. Nice.
It looks the same to us. We see the scores anyway, so it's easy to forget. Thanks for the reminder.
Good start.
Gallardo can take Fister's spot on the 40.
Wow.
Chavez, Mendez, Gallardo, Jurado
That's obviously wrong.
Are you on mobile?
Is anyone up in the bullpen?
It is but I try really hard not to get worked up about a rebuilding team. It's difficult at times.
Tom Grieve really hates this guy.
I thought I heard 1985. If so they guy drinking a beer during the game was probably Wayne Tolleson, who was traded that November to the White Sox for Scott Fletcher and Ed Correa.
AJ Hinch called a balk.
I'm surprised that nobody has looked at the title and made the obvious joke.
The last shower head I bought came with instructions to remove the flow restrictor.
According to the State of Tennessee this place is a "Black Bear Check Station". No shit: [PDF](https://www.tn.gov/content/dam/tn/twra/documents/Bear-Check-Station-List.pdf)
What happened?
Huh.
That was not a very good bunt at all.
Only three batters in. Kind of early to say that.
This is the first I'm hearing about any of this. Terrible news.
Yep and there's a greater chance of it with them playing on the road in a pitchers' park at night. But anything can happen.
Big part of the vibe there. They have a great thing going on.
I think anytime you hear about "flu-like" symptoms with a ballplayer, it's really just a hangover, or they're benched because they showed up late/couldn't work out because of a hangover.
Well I doubt it likes you very much, either.
That's great but kinda sad at the same time. Especially since his power seems to be gone.
I think when they're in NL parks for interleague play they should use the DH, and when they're in AL parks the pitchers should hit.
Can you prove that? With, like, statistics or something?
I'd love to see a manager talk the umpires into a call when they come out to argue. Wait...
A RUN! Beltre, my man.
NICE.
I haven't looked it up but that can't be too far off from what it normally is, can it?
Choo begins the comeback! Only eight runs to tie.
An hour earlier and that Profar fly ball might have went over the fence.
It's possible he could be a viking wildling, raised by turtles.
If Choo keeps playing crazy they trade him.
There have been a lot of posts just like yours over the last few weeks. Just scroll down a little and you should have your questions answered. You won't get hassled for wearing a Diamondbacks jersey or anything else. https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8oiucg/first_time_visitor_questions/
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Self-posts must be informative to the community and facilitate a baseball discussion. The front page of /r/TexasRangers is not a place for personal questions, fleeting thoughts, etc. * Please use the game thread Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Self-posts must be informative to the community and facilitate a baseball discussion. The front page of /r/TexasRangers is not a place for personal questions, fleeting thoughts, etc. * Please use the game thread Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
I think Nitkowski is right. And now reading the rule I'm not entirely sure. &gt;OFFICIAL BASEBALL RULE 7.13 &gt;Collisions at home plate &gt;A runner attempting to score may not deviate from his direct pathway to the plate in order to initiate contact with the catcher (or other player covering home plate). If, in the judgment of the umpire, a runner attempting to score initiates contact with the catcher (or other player covering home plate) in such a manner, the umpire shall declare the runner out (even if the player covering home plate loses possession of the ball). In such circumstances, the umpire shall call the ball dead, and all other baserunners shall return to the last base touched at the time of the collision. &gt;Rule 7.13 comment: The failure by the runner to make an effort to touch the plate, **the runner's lowering of the shoulder, or the runner's pushing through with his hands, elbows or arms, would support a determination that the runner deviated from the pathway in order to initiate contact with the catcher in violation of Rule 7.13.** If the runner slides into the plate in an appropriate manner, he shall not be adjudged to have violated Rule 7.13. A slide shall be deemed appropriate, in the case of a feet first slide, if the runner's buttocks and legs should hit the ground before contact with the catcher. In the case of a head first slide, a runner shall be deemed to have slid appropriately if his body should hit the ground before contact with the catcher. &gt;Unless the catcher is in possession of the ball, the catcher cannot block the pathway of the runner as he is attempting to score. If, in the judgment of the umpire, the catcher without possession of the ball blocks the pathway of the runner, the umpire shall call or signal the runner safe. Notwithstanding the above, it shall not be considered a violation of this Rule 7.13 if the catcher blocks the pathway of the runner in order to field a throw, and the umpire determines that the catcher could not have fielded the ball without blocking the pathway of the runner and that contact with the runner was unavoidable.
They should fire Magadan post haste.
They were both ejected so I wouldn't be shocked if there were suspensions. I'd hope they are minimal. I don't think Kemp did it maliciously but Chirinos was understandably upset in the moment.
Too many walks but overall a very good night for Hamels.
TV Broadcasting
Bullpen is back on track today.
WOW. Nice.
My biggest complaint about Daniels is that he seems to fall in love with certain players. Moore is one they wanted years ago. They tried to land Prince in free agency, and then traded for him after a down year later on. And that down year was likely related to the injury that ended his career. There have been others but I don't even remember who they are, and in the long run Moore isn't consequential anyway. But Fielder is.
I don't think anybody could have predicted what Mikolas has done. I did want the Rangers to go after him and for all we know they did, but I didn't think it was a big loss they didn't get him. Wrong.
Check out these recent threads: https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8oiucg/first_time_visitor_questions/ https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8m4vi6/things_to_know_for_my_first_visit_to_the_ballpark/
This post is stupid. I'm removing it.
Looks like it's been an eventful first inning. Edit: first couple of innings
Yohander Mendez is a terrific name for a baseball player.
Damn five run inning answered with five runs. Now the backup catcher is hurt.
Wow. Mendez isn't pitching well but anytime a team scores this many two-out runs they're at least a little lucky.
Moore up in the pen. Subreddit would implode but there aren't enough people here for things to get that dramatic.
Nice. 58 mph ground ball single
I don't understand why they have afternoon start times in the summer. On Sundays they don't have a choice, but they do on Saturdays as far as I know.
I agree.
Are you there or did you exchange them?
One moderator put forth the motion that this become an Adrian Beltre appreciation sub until the Rangers win a game. Another moderator has concurred. This means that any post and any comment that isn't explicitly pro-Adrian Beltre will be removed. Even game threads. Edit: This hasn't taken effect. Yet.
Nice going, Roogie. Do a lot more of that kind of thing.
Awesome.
Happy Father's Day to those of you who are dads.
Well you pretty much answered that.
What a turnaround.
It's so great to see Profar doing well.
Not like this one was. They're slower on weekends, plus it's father's day and I assume many people are with their fathers.
Colorado's bullpen is horrible.
Wow. Now Trevino is up.
I like the Hawaiian Hustle and all, but I'd rather not see him tonight.
Raisin is pro-Odor and is making fun of the subreddit, I believe. edit - maybe not Clearly Odor's approach has improved but the lack of power is disturbing.
Nice.
I thought Mazara was going to snag that one.
I don't know if you're talking about Gallo or Mazara but those really big dudes never look like they're running hard even when they are.
Very slow.
The Odor situation is different from the Gallo situation. First, Gallo has been good much more recently than Odor. But that doesn't really matter. Gallo plays left field. He's not directly in anyone's way. They need to find out what they have in Profar. He needs to continue to get plate appearances. And so does Odor. If it weren't so obvious that Odor is putting in work and making adjustments I'd say bench him. But they both need playing time and Banister will just have to find a way.
Winning streak!
He's talked about in the game threads a lot.
When he's owed so much money for his age 36 and 37 seasons, you have to think other teams are thinking about more than his current performance. Though they may have a positive outlook on that. Choo is aging pretty well and hasn't been injured in a long time, knock on wood.
He's had a great month with the bat, too. 19% walk rate, hitting at .273. His June OBP has been .429. It's hard to achieve a 114 wRC+ without hitting for power but he's doing it. Then there's the defense like you said, plus the elite baserunning.
Probably won't ever know.
Charter is broadcasting this game in 480i. What the fuck?
Welp. Nice play.
Another run!
I'm not in a good mood and Nitkowski's rapid fire monotone is getting on my nerves more than usual.
Depends a lot on her personality and fitness level. Edit: Hudson River cruise? NYC has a wow factor for sure but she can rest up on the boat. I think there are cruises from Maine to NYC, too, probably with a stop in Boston.
He hasn't pitched very well so he's fallen from grace quite a bit. Still he's only 23 so giving up on him is stupid.
If someone wants to lose weight, cut carbs. I'm a diabetic and have to keep carbs low and I have to work to keep weight on.
It's all conjecture.
Why, specifically, is it asking for injury?
My wife brought home burgers. I love her so much. I doubt any of your wives/significant others brought you burgers, huh?
34
Whataburger.
I'm not remembering that.
Gallo's walked thrice. That's three times.
I'm not paying him anything.
You're just sending money to players? You don't have to do that, you know.
He was mad about that.
RIDICULOUS
On second thought I don't think so.
Ha. I don't remember that. I miss Busby and Grieve.
no
oh my god that lucky bullshit
Close.
OUT! SWEEP!
https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers/comments/8sp3ho/diving_into_isiah_kinerfalefas_impressive_first/ There you go.
That's an interesting article but I'm not sure it's the same thing as giving these kids some time to rest up after the draft.
Russians were referred to as "The Soviets" all the time. I'm not even that old but I remember the print and broadcast news from the 80s using that term a lot. It was also present in literature and film. The Soviet Union wasn't a free society at all, but it wasn't as closed as you describe it. Americans can and did visit the Soviet Union. Soviet citizens were known to go to Egypt and even Greece for vacations, although I'm sure a trip like that was way out of reach for normal people. Anyway, in Moscow the USSR even set up a state run travel agency called Intourist.
I wouldn't chance finding out. https://duckduckgo.com/?q=dummy+credit+card+readers&amp;t=ffsb&amp;ia=web
I wonder when Grieve is going to do a game again.
Gallo hits a dong about every 17 plate appearances. He's a little overdue.
Looks safe to me.
I'm a youngster over there, son.
I'm guessing tiny meteorite.
Are you selling them or giving them away? I'll approve this when you clarify.
Here is an [article](https://sportsday.dallasnews.com/texas-rangers/rangers/2018/06/22/texas-rangers-send-yohander-mendez-way-class-help-focus-craft) with more information. Interestingly, Martin Perez will go on rehab in A-ball too. Unusual.
A little better everything except the opponents have been worse.
Isn't that exactly when you want a guy like Moore to come in and soak up some innings? I mean you wouldn't want to see him in a tie game, right?
He could end up being a good reliever. Stranger things have happened.
no
Trading him to a contender would be a professional courtesy if nothing else.
In old school baseball it was unacceptable to steal bases with a seven run lead. But it's bullshit. Every run counts. They had the go ahead run at the plate in the 9th inning, for fuck's sake. If you want the winning team to stop trying your own team should stop trying, too. I'm not big into drama or hurting players, but since there's no guarantee the league will ever respond I think Banister has to.
Hicks lost the team in bankruptcy. A federal judge ordered it to be sold to pay off his creditors, so no, he would not have been the owner anymore no matter what.
Greenberg was a managing partner, much like George W. Bush was back in the day. Ryan was in a similar position. Neither men have the means to buy an MLB franchise. The Rangers sold for $590 million dollars. Ryan's MLB career and Advil endorsement didn't generate that kind of dough.
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * This post would fit better as a comment in another post, such as today's game thread, post game thread, or the weekly off topic thread. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
Stop fucking crying. If you don't like our subreddit go to one of the other ones. They're really thriving.
I'm kind of pissed that Banister didn't retaliate. The umps didn't do anything about it. The league will take days if they ever decide to do anything about it. I'm not one for beaning but at some point you have to respond, I think.
Yeah, if you don't want to start a beanball war then go out and yell at the umpires and tell them to control the game. Yell until you get ejected, and when the league calls about the ejection you state your case again. Banister's obviously not afraid to be ejected so I'm not sure why nothing happened.
972-Rangers is the number to the ticket office.
Anytime. Have fun at the game.
Why?
Win a few, lose a few.
Wow. Don't see that every day.
That could be it.
Yes, it's only low-A. But [here's the box](http://www.milb.com/milb/stats/stats.jsp?gid=2018_06_25_augafx_hicafx_1&amp;t=g_box&amp;sid=milb) for the game. 59 pitches, 51 of them strikes. That's pretty good.
I wasn't really sure what to say there. I wanted to mention my giant baseball erection, but with him talking about his man-vag being moist it seemed inappropriate.
I have to ask. Why, /u/britt_nicole, would you post a game recap from the San Diego market when we have two daily newspapers and all kinds of other coverage right here in the Rangers' backyard? It seems odd.
Tom Grieve is so much more pleasant to listen to. Chirinos bomb.
Good job getting out of that.
It doesn't account for all of it, but KCR doesn't strikeout much at all (best in MLB K%), while San Diego strikes out a lot (not last in MLB but almost).
He had 74 innings for the Rangers last year. That sample size is way too small. We'd have to talk to someone who's watched him a lot in person to find out how bad he is out there.
That didn't fall in but it's great to see Rougie playing better. I hope he can make it back.
Well, shit.
It's held together with kite string and bailing wire.
I wish.
Leclerc is pretty good, I guess.
He did.
That wasn't pretty.
Haha. Hell yeah.
Well done, Tiny E.
Civil war? No. Civil unrest? Maybe.
Three innings, 29 pitches.
Beltre!
I always had faith in Profar but now I'm becoming a fan.
Four innings, 41 pitches.
It's very high. AL average is 8.3%.
Awesome.
Do not balk please.
11.4% is excellent. He's 18th in the league despite a slow start with the walks. Choo is 5th in the league at 14.5%. Trout leads with 19.3% which is just absurd. https://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=bat&amp;lg=al&amp;qual=y&amp;type=8&amp;season=2018&amp;month=0&amp;season1=2018&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0&amp;sort=9,d
Nice play.
No worries.
Why don't they just restructure the deal where Fox keeps the regional channels and they sell the rest to Disney?
They make good pizza in Puerto Rico, I hear.
Nice whiff. 6 innings and how many pitches? 70?
Choo is having such a great year.
I can't believe they're interrupting this particular game for this.
People to blame: FSSW, Dave, MLB at bat, and Morello.
More runs.
With what starting pitching?
Gotta run.
Hamels makes a lot sense to trade. Beltre if he wants it. I think Kela only gets moved if some team really overpays.
Possibly but when someone says "contend" I think World Series contender and I just don't see that happening.
Martin doesn't look like he has it tonight.
Random offense from Rua!
I don't know. He's versatile. Has some okay tools but there's nothing really exceptional about him. I think it's possible he has one or two pretty good years in him.
I liked it until it started lasting three innings when the team was playing really well. I'm not alone in that. The Rangers got lots of complaints which is why it was stopped.
Before tonight two appearances in seven days. 1.2 innings, 32 total pitches.
It is up.
Ok.
I never said we wouldn't decline as a world power. I don't think a civil war is brewing just yet, though.
We'll have an off day thread tomorrow. Please ask in there. Also this question has been answered several times this season so if you search or scroll you should find something pretty comprehensive. Finally we have a ballpark visitors guide in the sidebar.
If one side has 50 million guns, who has the other 250 million?
https://www.mlb.com/news/cole-hamels-may-be-traded-before-all-star-game/c-283420374 With Hamels having a bit of trouble with homers, SEA would be a pretty good fit. Their park is neutral. Philadelphia's is...not.
Great news. If he's open to being traded, gets traded, and then comes back to help lead and teach in 2019 that's terrific.
I'm not sure if the additional year of control is a good thing. If his new team doesn't exercise his option it will cost them $6M. If they do it will cost them $20M.
Jesus Christ almighty. I weep for the future. Just make sure you don't end up on the fake Pirate Bay and don't open anything that ends in .exe or anything like that. God damn.
That varies by region. Seems in much of the south people get really upset about it. Is that where you grew up?
Even in his prime, Hamels never had the stuff that Darvish has. This year Hamels has a 21.3% HR/FB rate and a 1.85 HR/9. In his last year with the Rangers, Yu had a 15% HR/FB and 1.31 HR/9. Both allowed too many home runs but it's a really big problem for Hamels.
And linked from that article, a daughter of a Civil War veteran was still receiving VA benefits until at least August 2016: https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-08-08/civil-war-vets-pension-still-remains-on-governments-payroll-151-years-after-last-shot-fired
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Game is over. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
Strangely, a lot of the cars you see on the screen are in really rough shape. It just doesn't look that way in the final product.
Taking care of a parent is really hard. I'm doing it now with help from my wife, and I'm so glad to have her. We don't have kids and I have no siblings so if not for her I'd be all alone in this. I wouldn't wish that on anyone. Even if my wife didn't sit with my mom and help out like that, it's so good just to have someone else around and in my life.
Nitkowski is a color commentator and Lewin is a play-by-play man. And Lewin has a new job.
https://duckduckgo.com/?q=josh+lewin+padres&amp;t=ffsb&amp;ia=news
I was hopeful they'd bring him back but it kind of seem like he had that Padres job lined up immediately.
Yesterday I was at the drug store and there was a really old man in front of me in line who bought a whole bunch of stuff, and then paid with a check. And he didn't start filling it in until the cashier finished ringing it up. Flashback to the 80s and 90s. That's the first time I've seen anybody pay with a check in several years. I paid for a car with a check but that's different. Anyway, I guess I'm middle aged but I don't pay for anything over the phone. If it can't be bought with the internet or at a store, I won't get it. If I did buy something over the phone, though, I'd just make sure I'm on the phone with who I wanted to be on the phone with instead of some fake. After that if something happens the credit card fraud department will handle it.
Yeah, I forgot about taxes. I still use checks to pay federal tax every quarter and property taxes annually. The last time I tried to pay federal tax online there was going to be a pretty substantial fee. They need to get with the times.
A rebuilding team doesn't really have any business acquiring 35 year-old players with three years left on their contracts, especially for $35M per year. The only way that would come close to making sense is if they took Choo, but there's no incentive for them to do that.
Is this some kind of cult?
He is still young, but if he were going to be a cornerstone type of player we'd probably have seen more out of him by now.
The problem is that in terms of rebuilding, the Rangers are ahead with position players and behind on pitching. Mazara will be a free agent by the time the next wave of pitching comes along so you're faced with either giving him an extension or trading him.
PR team.
Turned a big league reliever into a lottery ticket is more like it. I don't disagree with the move but let's be realistic.
There are plenty of good players picked 35th through 45th or whatever, but there are plenty who never amount to anything, too. Maybe calling it a lottery ticket is overstating it. The Rangers odds are certainly better than trying to win the Powerball. What I took issue with is that he said the Rangers turned a 27th rounder into a first round pick. Claudio was a late rounder but the Rangers were able to develop him and he has real value.
It used to be reddit, but things have changed a lot over the last couple years. Instead of spending time here, I've gone back to old school forums plus I've found a bunch of mostly smaller YouTube channels that are produced by talented people.
No
There's a lot of precedent when it comes to courts righting wrongs. It's a slippery slope I can live with. I'm afraid the democratic process would fail too many people in this instance. Can you imagine Alabama granting homosexuals the right to marry if it were up to the ballot? It would be nice if states were to get out of marriage all together but I don't know how it could realistically be done. It would require federal legislation which would certainly be challenged in the Supreme Court, ironically.
I wasn't referring to cultural appropriation. I just wonder why people who have no connection with Japanese culture get Japanese stuff tattooed on them. Clearly you've made a connection with the culture. Good luck with your grandma.
It was a legendary performance by a guy who unfortunately didn't become a legend himself.
Not a fan of this trade. Evidently Profar is not as valuable as I'd thought, but damn. Three relievers and a hitter with no power and no position. Meh.
Those are some potentially nice players, but as far as I know none of them are considered to be elite prospects. Taveras is the only one besides Calhoun who's on the BP/MLB/BA top 100, and Calhoun's stock has fallen. Not long ago Fangraphs ranked the Rangers system at 15 because there's only one prospect who's graded at 55 or better (Taveras).
Reddit is full of psychos. Switch lanes and pass the cyclist. Don't ride up on his ass then try to squeeze by him, whether or not the cyclist had a right to the whole lane. It's too dangerous. Even if the guy on the bike was being a dick he didn't deserve that. Then he throws a bottle of water. Big fucking deal. For that the driver rams him and people are shitting on the cyclist? The truck driver deserves to be in prison.
Aught, no?
Yeah that was a great uniform. I wish they'd go back to it.
The Cubs and Astros both brought in new general managers who had the balls to do rebuilds. Both were successful. There are other teams who have had successful rebuilds. I think the Lucroy trade made sense. It just didn't work out. Sometimes that happens. People have forgotten, it seems like, but at the time he was considered to be one of the best catchers in the league and a huge upgrade at the plate and behind it. They got him for a pennant run and for the following season. Nobody could have predicted what happened there. It still confuses people. When they made the Fielder trade, they didn't have a real first baseman and the team needed power and on-base ability. He'd never been injured in his life. Profar was a big time prospect who was deemed ready to take over 2B, and Kinsler was thought to be over the hill. Unfortunately Profar and Fielder both had career-altering injuries. Fielder's didn't have anything to do with his weight and there's no evidence that his family troubles impacted his play. His wife certainly didn't injure him. Anyway it was highly improbable that the Rangers would get so little out of either player, but that's what happened. I was one of the ones who was very skeptical about Choo. I loved and still love his approach at the plate but his history, bad defense, and age made me skeptical. I think everybody agrees that was a bad move. When a team is talented and wants to make a run, general managers tend to get more aggressive and I'm fine with that. Daniels just failed to see how quickly the window was closing. My least favorite Daniels moves were the Choo signing and the trade to bring in Hamels, who had a ton of mileage on his arm. Everything else I can understand. Both of those players were too old and expensive, and together they have held the Rangers back.
The only time I worked for minimum wage was when I was 16, and of course I was not trying to live on it as I lived at home. But my dad was an asshole, and when my mother divorced him in the early 80s (during a recession) she re-entered the workforce and started out at minimum wage. She often talks about how hard it was, and how grateful she was for my grandparents who helped out a lot. Adjusted for inflation, minimum wage is quite a bit less now than what she made. I don't know how people do it on anything close to the minimum.
I don't think they feel entitled enough. For as hard as they work, they deserve more. Same goes for older generations, too. Everybody's getting screwed.
I'll be damned. Thank you for posting this.
Only one other catcher in MLB had more innings behind the plate than Lucroy.
The political stuff. There's no need to bring that shit in here. If you don't like the subreddit go find another place to bitch and moan.
A few but it was more of a college thing. Back then we treated our anxiety with alcohol and drugs.
He doesn't want to do TV. His style wouldn't really fit, either. He paints a picture with words and on TV we already have the picture.
Stop. Just stop.
Very high maintenance. Gets dirty, gets scratched, the sun ruins it. Glare would be a problem. Plexiglass would be far worse than nets outdoors.
Some were chanting for him before his first plate appearance. I heard it yesterday, too.
Eight hits, but zero walks.
https://gfycat.com/GentleBlissfulGalloWaycow
That's not just for girls, either.
A 99 wRC+ from a corner outfielder is below average.
I'd do it in a heartbeat. They can get more, though.
Baseball just isn't that flashy, and there's just too many home games to rev things up like that night after night.
One of mine broke in half vertically. It was horrible. The surgery to get all four out was a walk in the park after that.
That sucks. Thankfully mine weren't like that. I know they did have trouble getting one of them out, but they didn't mention having to use a hammer. Mine had grown in relatively straight and weren't much more than an annoyance until my mid-thirties, when one broke. It was actually like that for a couple years before it became abscessed.
Is AvE a machinist? An engineer?
I like to watch videos about music and cars. For music I will watch some guitar pedal demos, but usually for the playing because I have all the pedals I need. RJ Ronquillo is a terrific guitarist and when he demos a pedal or guitar he just plays. No talking. I also like Rick Beato's channel. He knows everything there is to know about music, from metal to jazz. Love his enthusiasm. As far as cars go, I enjoy diagnostics mostly. South Main Auto is a really good channel for that. I follow along with a few project cars like Turbo Tom's LS Miata. These days I don't watch many car reviews, but SavageGeese is one guy I whose videos I don't miss. That guy is about as no-bullshit as it gets and his production quality is excellent. I'll watch stuff about science and art and all of that, too, but cars and music are my go-to subjects. Edit - I almost forgot what I've been watching most of lately, which is restoration of tools and different things. There's a guy who does matchbox cars and several who'll restore a bench vice and knives and whatever else. It's relaxing. And there's Dave's World of Fun Stuff for setting up and repairing guitars. All very chill. Some of it is a lot like AMSR or whatever it is.
Uh...
It's hard to believe just how bad the Orioles are.
Damn.
I'm talking about baseball, not the circus.
Ah the "current generation is a bunch of pussies" complaint. If it's true that your son and his generation are a bunch of pussies, wouldn't the same apply to the enemy? You think German kids remain hard asses? They have video games and obesity. The US might be a little more obese, but not by that much, and out of 330 million people, I doubt the government would have a real difficult time finding enough fit people to field an army. We lost the war in Afghanistan. We weren't exactly successful in Iraq, either. Neither was because our soldiers didn't have the balls or couldn't fight, though. Anyway, the soldiers who fought World War II lived in a much different world. America was still largely rural and farming wasn't fully mechanized yet. It was the Great Depression and they were used to privation. So, yeah, things are different and those guys were in better physical condition than their kids, grandkids, and great grandkids.
The Rangers cut a lot of maintenance after the new park was announced. With enough money, it's possible to keep a ballpark looking good even in this brutal climate. Kaufman and Dodgers Stadium are good examples.
I don't know. That's just what I read.
Some metrics have Lynn every bit as good as Minor.
No. He's hit .247 every year since 2014. https://www.fangraphs.com/statss.aspx?playerid=9112&amp;position=DH/OF
It's creepy.
He probably daydreams about doing that. Just like the rest of us.
Swept a two-game series last June.
Didn't read that as season series. 2016.
Is Odor trying to make an out?
Sweet bunt, Deshields. Nice.
Deshields is batting like .500 since he was recalled. edit - exactly .500 coming into tonight and he has three hits, so...whatever it is, it's way over .500
Goddammit.
Well anybody batting over .500 for a week is getting lucky.
But he's only 14 years old!
The Rangers should fire Odor into the sun and make a trade to bring Kinsler back home to play out the year. He wouldn't cost anything.
No. Just no.
Almost every time I talk shit about a player, they do something good. I tried.
Great plate appearance by DeShields.
Elvis Washed up has-been.
Hm.
Haven't seen that little fella in a long time.
Ceiling is probably middle/back of the rotation starter.
He doesn't care. They cheered every player he brought here.
More like a shitty robot.
Well how about that.
He was a primarily a 2B in the Astros system, but from everything I've read he was terrible there.
[Hall and Oates](https://brokelyn.com/app/uploads/2012/04/hall_and_oates_the_very_best_of_1991.jpg)
I think it should be legal, but that's not the same as supporting it. And there are very, very few doctors who'd go along with physician-assisted suicide for depression.
They'll never lose another game again.
Lucroy was very, very good for the Rangers down the stretch in 2016. And I don't know why people have always said Garza sucked for the Rangers. He absolutely did not, and the rotation that year sorely needed the help.
I don't think Mazara has much value. Choo is having a really, really good year at the plate so you don't want to trade him if you want to win now. Calhoun could be very valuable to this team, too, and you obviously don't have to give additional talent away to get him. You're calling people facebook fans while pretending Mazara has value and suggesting they get rid of two good hitters?
He has a history of sucking for very long periods of time, then tearing the league a new asshole for a couple months.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/533063854129938464/588158829368311818/unknown.png stole that from u/snang
Probably not then.
Imagine if Elvis had Delino's speed. He's steal 80 bases
I don't think that was there back then, was it? Either way I hope they put the camera directly behind the pitcher in the new ballpark. I don't think people will complain as long as the angle is lower, like it is in Boston and other ballparks.
Really impressed with Jurado tonight. He didn't have his best stuff but he was unflappable.
I thought that gluten stuff was just bullshit.
In Arizona that would feel like a blow drier.
He basically confirmed that in his post-game interview.
Raymond's call on that two-run double was practically non-existent.
I think there's a problem with bWAR, honestly. Sampson ranking ahead of Lynn when Lynn has 12 more innings raises a red flag. fWAR has Lynn as the best Rangers starter with Minor following pretty close behind. Sampson is third. Switching to RA-9 WAR, Minor is way out ahead of those two. Lynn and Sampson are pretty close: https://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=pit&amp;lg=all&amp;qual=0&amp;type=c,4,5,11,7,8,13,-1,36,37,40,43,44,48,51,-1,6,45,62,-1,59,212&amp;season=2019&amp;month=0&amp;season1=2019&amp;ind=0&amp;team=13&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0&amp;startdate=2019-01-01&amp;enddate=2019-12-31&amp;sort=19,d
Minor is having a great year, but it hasn't been that great. Let's take a look at the 1970s. You had hall of fame guys pitching hall of fame seasons in four-man rotations. Those guys would throw 300 innings. Jenkins, Ryan, Blyleven, and so on. And Pedro had more than one great season. Same with Clemens. Plus there was Randy Johnson, Curt Schilling, Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine, and on and on. The traditional stats and new metrics all agree that all those above pitchers were greats. They don't have Minor's season stacking up. There's something wrong with bWAR. It doesn't pass the smell test.
I think things have changed a whole lot over the last few years in terms of players paying attention to stats.
This is the kind of thing that happens when a hot team cools off. I mean it's hard to win on the road anyway.
I am. Cleared cache, reinstalled, restarted...that box will not go away. edit - It took a while but it did finally go away.
I was familiar with most of those rules, but why do they exist?
The Rangers will never lose again. https://gfycat.com/GentleBlissfulGalloWaycow
You can't be very old if cell phones were numerous enough to be an issue when you were in high school.
"hardcore stats analysis" would honestly rank the Rangers offense as pretty average. The reason their runs scored total is so high is because they play in the most hitter-friendly home ballpark except for Coors. But even if they are average, this has so far been the best lineup the Rangers have fielded in several years.
Yep. The home ballpark really screws with people's perceptions of the Rangers offense.
Yeah, all other things equal, if you rank highly in OBP and SLG it shouldn't be a surprise if you rank second in runs scored. That sentence didn't make sense.
Math is math.
Runs scored is really all that matters, although FG has all the different outcomes if you're interested in that. There are years here and there in which the Temple is more neutral than others, but its ranking as an extreme hitters' park is pretty consistent. That ranking is no surprise considering climate and geography. Although we don't think of DFW as having a high elevation, it's much higher than most MLB ballparks. The weather is hot and dry in the summer, of course, and it's windy. All the ingredients for a hitter friendly ballpark are there.
Of course but think about what park factors are measuring and why. xwOBA or whatever doesn't matter at all. We're only interested in actual outcomes.
I never mentioned runners on base. Anyway what we're trying to measure with park factors is the actual outcome. It doesn't matter how hard a ball is hit or at what angle. Introducing that into the process would add needless complexity for no benefit.
I'm not patronizing you. I'm more frustrated with myself because I've clearly failed to explain this. Look at how park factors are used, and why. I'm not trying to suggest that ball flight data has no value. It does. All of those developments are exciting but there is still plenty of value in stats like ERA+ and wRC+. Using ball flight data for those particular stats doesn't have any benefit because what we're interested in there is what actually happened. You could certainly use statcast data to make different ballpark profiles or something. That would be very useful for teams to have, so I'm sure they've already done it. Basically what I'm saying is park factors exist to measure something for a particular reason, and it does a good job at that. If you want to measure something else using different data, that's great, but park factors are fine at what they do.
If you ever do find any old articles about him, take them with a grain of salt. Gonzalez never had a truly combative relationship with the press like Barry Bonds, but he never talked to them. Randy Galloway and Jim Reeves would make up shit about him being lazy, which I'm sure pissed him off. I don't have any sources on this because it was too long ago, but when the Rangers traded him to Detroit he was supposedly really upset. He wanted to be a Ranger. But he did sign with the Rangers later on so I guess he got over it. The last thing I can remember reading about him was when he sold his MVP and Silver Slugger awards. That might suggest his problem isn't with the Rangers specifically.
&gt; that slash line is not absolutely horrendous. For a corner outfielder, it is. Edit - I guess I have to explain this for ***delightful people*** who downvoted it. A fact is something that can be proven empirically. In this case, it's a fact that MLB right fielders have a wRC+ of 107 right now. That includes everyone who's played in right field, so if you were to break it down and include just guys who play there regularly, that number would be higher. Fact is, Mazara's wRC+ is 90. Fact is, 90 is less than 107.
Sure, it's technically subjective. He ranks 27 of 31 right fielders in offensive production. though. 17 percent below average for his position. How much worse can it get?
No problem. I took it in that direction with my first edit.
Figure of speech, but yes it could be even worse. Very few players are doing worse, though.
[The Rangers will never lose again](https://gfycat.com/GentleBlissfulGalloWaycow)
2001: A. Rodriguez 2002: A. Rodriguez 2003: A. Rodriguez 2004: M. Teixeira 2005: M. Teixeira 2006: Matthews, Jr. 2007: I. Kinsler 2008: I. Kinsler 2009: I. Kinsler 2010: J. Hamilton 2011: I. Kinsler 2012: A. Beltre Young was never the Rangers best player. Dirk was the Mavs best player for a lot of the years he played. Young just isn't on that level. But I do disagree with anyone who says Young shouldn't have his number retired. Young was very good for a long time and fans adored him. Opposing players also loved him. Young gave the Rangers some respectability through some pretty lean years, and was a leader during some very good years.
He made the All Star team because of his bat, not because he was a great right fielder.
Sundberg was a badass defensive catcher. Not many catchers will put up offensive numbers like regular position players, but Sundberg had some good years with the bat, too.
Again, catchers don't hit like position players do. The position takes a physical toll. Plus the hitting environment was much, much different in Sundberg's day than it was when Mike Young played. It's difficult to compare a 2B/SS/3B/1B/DH from the 2000s to a catcher who played in the 1970s and 80s. That's why we have WAR and wRC+ and such.
There were some on the internet back when Young resisted changing positions. He asked to be traded when Elvis arrived, and was again publicly displeased about moving off 3B for Adrian Beltre, too. Most people consider that water under the bridge, though.
He deserved it more than Palmeiro did in 1999, though. Gold Gloves function as a sort of secondary Silver Slugger a lot of the time.
When he demanded a trade in 2011 it was in February, right before spring training, and the drama definitely continued into spring training. I don't remember exactly when it was in 2009, but it probably was spring training because Elvis was on the team on opening day.
THE RANGERS WILL NEVER GET ANOTHER HIT AGAIN
Domingo Cedeno.
Ugh, it's a little too early to say either way. (but probably)
&gt;Not sure why so many people have geopolitical events above the biggest ones in their own lives in this thread, but I certainly don’t agree. Because the question was: &gt; Not as in from your personal lives, but as in political events, social changes, new inventions/discoveries, sports results, etc.
It was more than just them. My grandmother was pissed at Young over that stuff.
It's hot enough to be very bad for people who aren't in the best of health. It's certainly hot enough that it sucks for just about everyone.
Heat is one of the main factors that affect the flight of the ball. Any pitcher with common sense is going to at least think twice about signing up to pitch in an extreme hitter's park.
Ridiculous.
Thank you for participation in /r/texasrangers. However, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): Rather than making a separate post, the moderators have determined this would be better served as a comment in a game thread. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
Nope. This is his last option, though.
Ah I didn't realize that.
It's cringy when they do the fireworks for solo homers with the team getting blown out. They did it last night too.
I bet you $0.04 they don't.
5 billion Zimbabwean cents that they go all the way. Nevermind that's actually a lot of money.
It wasn't really all that long ago that a good dSLR would run more than $2k.
Thank you for participation in /r/texasrangers. However, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): Rather than making a separate post, the moderators have determined this would be better served as a comment in a game thread. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
[The Rangers will never lose another game again.](https://gfycat.com/GentleBlissfulGalloWaycow)
Something this subreddit does literally all the time.
At the time it was deemed to be more expensive than building a new park, but after Arlington threw money at them they designed what they're doing now.
I think they were pretty unhappy with how it would have looked and it wouldn't have functioned as well as they wanted.
I read that there were going to be serious challenges with the climate control. About the expense, keep in mind that any kind of retrofit is very expensive. In this case they have to seal up the entire ballpark. Every single gap. It may not have cost a billion dollars but it was going to be a whole lot of money.
He hasn't looked that bad tonight. This is still a rebuilding team. Jurado has to learn how to pitch in the big leagues sometime.
Please post your question in the game thread.
Catcher defense includes framing and pitch-calling, too. I think his strength is working with the pitchers, and the pitching has definitely improved this season so maybe some of the credit should go to him. Who knows?
What a great game by Chavez. Seems like just a couple months ago people were calling him "garbage" and "trash". That sure was classy!
There's one on the internet somewhere. I found one once but it was an exhaustive search, and it wasn't all that interesting. Just some numbers and stuff.
We only have three rules in this subreddit. One of them is simply to be cool to one another, and you've violated that one repeatedly by being extremely condescending, calling people shills, saying they're brainwashed, and so on. That's not the kind of behavior we want here.
He apparently did. God the baseball-reference site is a mess. It took me ten minutes to find that and I still didn't really find a leaderboard.
WAR can go backwards, which it will do for a corner outfielder who is only a league average hitter. He had a 153 wRC+ last May and look how he ended up. Pretty much the same the year before. But that doesn't mean you're not right. Hope you are.
My stepfather was still married when my mom started seeing him. They ended up being married -- mostly happily -- until the day he died. I will never cheat on my wife and never even cheated on a girl I was dating. Even when my band was touring. Never. But I have been "the other guy" a few times. Sometimes I felt badly about it, and sometimes I didn't. Every situation is unique. My only advice is try not to do it, and when looking at others realize that this stuff is probably a lot more complicated than it seems.
That's a civil matter. He specifically said "crime".
.395 is pretty low. .420 is on the low end of realistic, I think.
I know. I was referring to the way he wrote the title.
Why do people care what they think?
Eh, nevermind.
I just don't understand why you're so upset. I guess I'm missing something.
Ok. Whatever.
Maybe it's just me but the team seems a little out of sorts today. Coming home might do them some good.
Well that bottom of the ninth was pretty sad.
She was not driving a pickup truck, it was not a four-way stop, and he wasn't her fiance. And there's nothing that suggests it was road rage.
I had a friend in college who went to class in his boxers and a bathrobe. Nobody got in a twist about it as far as I know. One time I was sick and went through the pharmacy drive through in my bathrobe. I may as well have been completely in the nude. Felt weird. People do what people do. As long as they aren't throwing their junk all over the place, I don't care.
I don't go shopping all that often anymore, but I used to see it kind of regularly at supermarkets and convenience stores, particularly when I lived in LA. It just doesn't matter to me and I'm not sure why it bothers anybody.
[TRS-80](http://classiccmp.org/dunfield/trs80/h/m4d.jpg) Like everything else in my school district I'm sure it was 10 years old by the time we got to mess with it.
I don't see it turning into a world war, but it's not going to be good. The last time we fought a real country was the Gulf War, which was mostly an air war and had a huge coalition with us. This time it doesn't look like we'll have anybody on our side except Israel and Saudi Arabia. This looks to me like it would be more like Vietnam. We sure killed a lot of Vietnamese. Americans won just about every engagement on the battlefield but that was was very costly and we did not win it. Fuck war. I'll be protesting this one just like I protested the last one, and just like last time, it will do no good.
I have a Honda Fit. 2008 model. It pretty much sits in the driveway now but I can't bear to sell it. It's good for carrying stuff around and it's long been paid for. Literally nothing has ever gone wrong with it except the cruise control quit working. Easy fix but I've never bothered with it. Mine does have power windows and locks and, regrettably but necessarily at the time, an auto transmission. Every now and then I think about selling it, so I'll look at what the used market is like. There's a bunch of them out there with more than 250k miles. Plenty with over 300k.
Where I'm from most dealership used cars come from the auto auction. Very hit and miss. I would have no problems buying from an individual but a mechanic is going to give it a good once over before I buy.
I'm exactly of the right age to know many children of Iranian parents, and they do not all think the same. One thing they seem to have in common is they hate fundamentalism. That's why they ended up here. But their feelings about the Shah, imperialism, etc. are more nuanced.
When I remove a submission I will flair it with "Rule 3" or whichever. I think Get_Off_My_Lawn always leaves a distinguished comment. Distinguished comments should show up in the poster's messages even if they turned off reply notifications. Reddit has been removing lots of posts as spam lately. We're not notified of that and have to go out of our way to find those.
Athletes in school -- particularly football, and basketball to a lesser extent -- got everything they wanted and got away with terrible things. Assault, sexual assault, everything. Think of Biff from Back to the Future but in real life. These people existed and I'm sure they still do. And there were plenty of daddy's little princesses and momma's boys, too. Ethan Couch types, though I don't remember any of them fucking up as bad as he did.
You're more than welcome to respond to other comments, but this is AskOldPeople and we do ask people to respect that.
I have an RC-3 and some noise coming from it, plus it has a bad output jack. Of all the Boss pedals I've had in 30 years of playing, this is the only one that's given me any trouble. I think it's just a piece of shit, unfortunately. Lots of complaints about noise if you look it up on the internet. Mine does get better if I disconnect the power and reconnect it. I'd just put a battery in it but it is very hungry.
You may hope for more, but Frazier isn't a bad player. He'll help make the team better.
My grandmother used to do the same thing, but it wasn't really a bait and switch. She really did want to see her family, and loved every one of us. You can look at it the other way. They need help, but they might feel that if they come right out and ask for it, that's what the visit will be about. I think they feel guilty for needing the help in the first place. I know how you feel because it makes some visits a pain in the ass, but I never thought of it as manipulative in a bad way.
My advice is just to deal with it. Whenever I was in town I did whatever my grandmother wanted and I have no regrets. My cousin, who lived five miles from her, stopped going to see her over this kind of stuff. I'm sure he regrets that, but maybe not because he's an asshole anyway.
Hinch and Luhnow have been fired. https://twitter.com/brianmctaggart/status/1216813349607890944
While you may have found that comment insulting, "go fuck yourself" isn't an acceptable response here.
Stuff like eggs, milk, bread, etc cost a whole lot more back then when you adjust for inflation, though.
I'm attracted to attractive women whether they're young or my age (or even older). I doubt there's anything unusual about having sexual fantasies with 40+ year-old women. All you have to do is go to PornHub to see that, yeah, people are into it.
Thank you for participation in /r/texasrangers. However, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): All posts in /r/texasrangers should be intended to start a conversation about the Texas Rangers team and their minor league affiliates. Please take this time to review our [rules](/r/texasrangers/wiki/rules). If you would like to appeal this decision or continue the discussion, please contact us via [modmail](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTexasRangers).
It was injuries.
Everything except C and RF looks about right to me, and in some cases may be optimistic. Look at the hitting numbers for the second half last year and consider that was with half their games played in a pretty extreme hitter's park. It was awful and they've done little to correct it. --- People can disagree all they want, but [the numbers don't lie](https://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=bat&amp;lg=all&amp;qual=0&amp;type=8&amp;season=2019&amp;month=31&amp;season1=2019&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0,ts&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0&amp;startdate=2019-01-01&amp;enddate=2019-12-31&amp;sort=16,d). Todd Frazier ain't fixing that and Cory Kluber doesn't hit. Having Chirinos will help and a healthy Gallo is a godsend, but even with those guys the Rangers have a long way to go just to be a mediocre hitting team.
My great grandmother had her first kid when she was 17. My grandmother was her youngest and was born when she was 44. There were eight kids in all.
Catcher is pretty good if Chirinos continues to defy the aging curve. First base sucks. Second base sucks. Shortstop, not very good. Third base, decent. Corner outfield looks okay but I don't have a bunch of faith in Santana. I hope I'm wrong but we'll see. This team really needs some big improvements hitting-wise and hasn't really gotten them. So far. Maybe Daniels can pull a rabbit out of a hat.
Go for it.
I'm about ten years older than she is, so maybe a little. Not too much.
Agreed. He's a terrible announcer mostly for that reason. I can't stand listening to him.
When I was in college in the late 90s we talked about all of that and more in quite a bit of depth. A lot of the stuff we read was old, too. Like from the 1920s and 1930s. This generation is not exactly the first to think about politics and our system of government. Far from it.
If you've thought of it, there was already a bunch of books about it written a long, long time ago. I know gerrymandering was written about in the 1960s. I'm sure term limits for Supreme Court justices was talked about while the Constitution was being written, and there is documentation on those debates. It's just been a long time so I don't remember the specifics but there are very few truly new ideas out there.
I was just a tiny kid but yeah I'm sure they were aware of that.
It's the venerable Ford Econoline. 3rd class transportation for bands all over North America for decades. /u/Flaminsalamander, whatever you do don't put stickers on that thing. If the cops get the idea you're a band, they will stop you constantly and harass you.
Call somebody names and your comment gets removed.
This isn't basketball where a kid coming right out of the draft is going to be in your starting lineup. In baseball, even college prospects from big schools have to go through the ringer and most of them will bust. You just take who you think is the best available.
There was internet in my late teens and early twenties (the age when you're supposed to have fun), but it wasn't everywhere. It was common enough to be available if you needed it. I think that was the perfect time. There were also mobile phones, but not everybody had them and we only used them when we really needed to. Of course they didn't even have text messaging the way we think of it today, much less have email or a browser. The internet and smartphones have made great things possible. I haven't set foot in a bank branch in probably 10 years. I haven't done regular grocery shopping -- like when you walk around the store pushing a cart -- since the pandemic really got underway. It's awesome not to have to return VHS rentals! God there's no telling how much money I've paid on late fines in my life. So there's good and bad. I think on the whole it was better for my particular personality without internet everywhere, but I would not want to go back to a time when there was no internet at all. That also sucked.
I was aware of things but still pretty young with the USSR fell. Nothing really reminds me of the Cold War. We were forced to envision nuclear war, and not just a terrorist's dirty bomb but an apocalyptic exchange between superpowers. If not that, we thought of two huge armies going head-to-head in Europe, NATO vs. the Warsaw Pact. World War III was going to be far worse than World War II no matter how it happened. Things are tense with China right now, but I don't worry too much about the possibility of war there. There's too much trade, and generally countries that trade together don't fight. During the Cold War, they weren't much of a power. They really emerged during the last 25 years or so. I don't think North Korea is that much of a threat. I think they're far more rational than they're given credit for. A bunch of assholes over there. They aren't good to their people but we've never gone to war over that. Never heard a lot about them as a kid. I never gave two shits about communism, and these days I'm pretty much a socialist so there ya go.
The dentures thing mostly, but sometimes people have strokes and aren't able to speak the same way again.
You might be a bad Rangers fan, too.
It's fucking embarrassing that you have been downvoted like you have.
The less I read and especially participate in social media (very much including reddit), the happier I am. A little bit of it is fine, and maybe even good. It's just too easy to get carried away with it.
Nah. While everybody has their biases and they're influenced by stereotypes, it's how they react to them that determines if they're a racist or bigot.
This reminds me of Bjork and her TV. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75WFTHpOw8Y&amp;list=PL1xwIWOHM5JhNa8vuDdy6s4Tyo9QWYsmf&amp;index=4&amp;t=0s
I'm not sure I have an agenda, or why my belief system would be any more limited than yours is. What kind of medical doctor believes in this "survival of the fittest" eugenics-sounding bullshit? Most of the people who get diseases don't die. So besides the deaths, think of all the needless suffering vaccines prevent. Not impressed.
I think 35 is probably a bit young to answer questions here. Not to comment, but to answer. But I don't know. Maybe we should discuss this as a community.
Anybody of any age can comment on the answers. That's how it's always been.
Don't call people names here. Rule 1. Also goes for u/vroomvroom450
It's less fighting fire with fire and more friendly fire when people who are named Karen at birth have to deal with all of this even though they are kind, reasonable people. We have plenty of insults already and most are far more descriptive. Not sure why we need new ones.
I thought a "Chad" was just an average to above average looking guy who may play sports? A "normie".
It was common in elementary school. I went to school in south Dallas and this was the 1980s. Teachers could and did paddle, but the sadistic principal would give it do you harder. He had a paddle with holes drilled into it and would hit you so hard it would knock you down. Fucker seemed to enjoy it. The teachers would take you out to the hallway and hit you hard enough for it to make a noise. The kids would hear it and "oooh" and "ahh" in sympathy. Had a PE teacher who would make you stand against the wall and bend over to hold your ankles, which hurts after a while. He was later fired after being found out as a pedophile. Come to think of it the janitor at that school was also fired for molesting kids. By the time I got to middle school, there was no more corporal punishment. In that neighborhood is was probably for staff safety. I moved to the suburbs for high school and there was never any corporal punishment there, although I did have a teacher freak out and threaten to kick my ass, and I saw another teacher freak out and threaten to kick somebody else's ass.
I remember him. I thought he was an asshole and not very funny.
Never saw it either, so I guess it wasn't everybody, everywhere.
How big was that house, though? They had six kids and there were three to a room until the oldest kid moved into the attic. They all had to share a bathroom, too. I don't think that show could be very realistic. They would have killed each other.
I watched it in re-runs when I got home from school in the 80s. I thought they argued over the bathroom all the time, but maybe I've misremembered. It's been a long time since I've seen it. I also thought the maid lived somewhere else. I grew up on the poor side of things and thought they were loaded, too, but the house was smaller than it should have been. I do remember the Hawaii episode. That would cost a fortune today and even more back then.
Do you realize how angry both of you got while talking about the fucking Brady Bunch? Rule 1. You and /u/tway15q1, please read the rules.
