First, and I know it makes you very very unhappy and upset: # Small Business Optimism Starts Third Quarter Near Record High &gt;&gt;&gt; I am a proud pro-America, patriotic, nationalist. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; You post history shows a completely opposite position. &gt; &gt; Ssssuuuuurreeeee. Go ahead and show all of us an example for me being "anti American". Go ahead! Please!!!!!!!! # Where is the example I begged for about me being "anti-American"? PLEASE, PLEASE, give me an example. Or, to make it easier for you, give an example for Trump being "anti-American". Please!!!!! Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "anti-American!", "foreign agent!", etc, etc, etc, friend. (who happened to be Jewish and served in the army)
&gt; We are going to face labor shortage as a result of President Dipshit’s immigration policies If there's going to be a TRUE labor shortage, we can allow more LEGAL immigration of QUALIFIED people who have the right merits. And Trump, your president, is a great president, who is NOT opposed to LEGAL immigration. &gt; We now face overvalued stocks relative to earnings Stock was ALWAY overvalued compare to earnings. If you are in r/economy, please, first, learn about economy and how the stock market works. With that said, I myself guarantee you that there will be a stock market correction. But it will be a short-lived market correction, because the Trump made the fundamentals of the USA economy much better. &gt; Inflation is imminent especially thanks to, once again, President Dipshit’s briiliant brain fart called a trade war Inflation can be easily fought with by raising interest rates, which was already done, and will continue to be done. Again, learn economy 101 before you say such nonsense, or learn from your president Trump how to run an economy. &gt; Debt is increasing thanks to unfunded tax cuts Obama DOUBLED, again, DOUBLED our national debt. Trump, so far, is far behind Obama with the rate of national debt increase. By the way, every president, since/including Carter, except Clinton, doubled the national debt. Please learn also about the history of the USA economy. Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "Anti-American!", "Foreign Agent!", etc, etc, etc...
First, and I know it makes you very very unhappy and upset: # Small Business Optimism Starts Third Quarter Near Record High &gt;&gt;&gt; I am a proud pro-America, patriotic, nationalist. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; You post history shows a completely opposite position. &gt; &gt; Ssssuuuuurreeeee. Go ahead and show all of us an example for me being "anti American". Go ahead! Please!!!!!!!! # Where is the example I begged for about me being "anti-American"? PLEASE, PLEASE, give me an example. Or, to make it easier for you, give an example for Trump being "anti-American". Please!!!!! Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "anti-American!", "foreign agent!", etc, etc, etc, friend. (who happened to be Jewish and served in the army)
&gt; You never hear about the military going bankrupt from uncontrollable spending. Not true. There were many incidents where defense budget was cut. &gt; The truth is that deficit spending is normal and healthy for a developed nation like ourselves. The truth is that deficit is a deficit and you can't have deficit simply grow and grow. Your original idea was to print money to finance SS. Printing money does not increase the deficit. New Money is printed every day. Borrowing increases the deficit.
Forget about "Palestinian inventions", because the reason you asked for such "Palestinian inventions" is because you know there are none. # What we really need in the "Palestinian Encyclopedia" is a whole chapter about PALESTINIAN ACCOMPLISHMENTS in the last 70+ years. And I will let you start and give the first entry in that chapter. ... waiting ...
That's the only "accomplishment" you could find for "Palestinians" in the last 70+ years? C'mon, try harder.
She was raped? We need to cut penises to prevent it. She was murdered? Probably not by a gun. Maybe a knife? We need to forbid knives and have everything pre-cut to our needs. ... eventually, at this rate, we can prevent everything and anything.
&gt; government will never go bankrupt and government spending is not the same as personal spending. Putting it in the context of we can’t afford it, is misleading. Yes, since money is not tied up to real-value (e.g. gold), the government can never go bankrupt and can always print more money. In that respect, we can always "afford" to pay SS benefits if we print money just for that. It won't even cause inflation. I never said we can't afford SS! Actually, I said the opposite: we can't get rid of SS. But SS has become a simple welfare system for elderly who did not save for their retirement. And this SS/Welfare system keep those elderly dirt poor. NOBODY(!!!) can live off SS benefits alone.
First, and I know it makes you very very unhappy and upset: # Small Business Optimism Starts Third Quarter Near Record High &gt;&gt;&gt; I am a proud pro-America, patriotic, nationalist. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; You post history shows a completely opposite position. &gt; &gt; Ssssuuuuurreeeee. Go ahead and show all of us an example for me being "anti American". Go ahead! Please!!!!!!!! # Where is the example I begged for about me being "anti-American"? PLEASE, PLEASE, give me an example. Or, to make it easier for you, give an example for Trump being "anti-American". Please!!!!! Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "anti-American!", "foreign agent!", etc, etc, etc, friend. (who happened to be Jewish and served in the army)
&gt; We are going to face labor shortage as a result of President Dipshit’s immigration policies If there's going to be a TRUE labor shortage, we can allow more LEGAL immigration of QUALIFIED people who have the right merits. And Trump, your president, is a great president, who is NOT opposed to LEGAL immigration. &gt; We now face overvalued stocks relative to earnings Stock was ALWAY overvalued compare to earnings. If you are in r/economy, please, first, learn about economy and how the stock market works. With that said, I myself guarantee you that there will be a stock market correction. But it will be a short-lived market correction, because the Trump made the fundamentals of the USA economy much better. &gt; Inflation is imminent especially thanks to, once again, President Dipshit’s briiliant brain fart called a trade war Inflation can be easily fought with by raising interest rates, which was already done, and will continue to be done. Again, learn economy 101 before you say such nonsense, or learn from your president Trump how to run an economy. &gt; Debt is increasing thanks to unfunded tax cuts Obama DOUBLED, again, DOUBLED our national debt. Trump, so far, is far behind Obama with the rate of national debt increase. By the way, every president, since/including Carter, except Clinton, doubled the national debt. Please learn also about the history of the USA economy. Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "Anti-American!", "Foreign Agent!", etc, etc, etc...
First, and I know it makes you very very unhappy and upset: # Small Business Optimism Starts Third Quarter Near Record High &gt;&gt;&gt; I am a proud pro-America, patriotic, nationalist. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; You post history shows a completely opposite position. &gt; &gt; Ssssuuuuurreeeee. Go ahead and show all of us an example for me being "anti American". Go ahead! Please!!!!!!!! # Where is the example I begged for about me being "anti-American"? PLEASE, PLEASE, give me an example. Or, to make it easier for you, give an example for Trump being "anti-American". Please!!!!! Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "anti-American!", "foreign agent!", etc, etc, etc, friend. (who happened to be Jewish and served in the army)
Oh no! The Jews are making Jerusalem more Jewish! (actual recent complaint by the Arab League about Israel.)
I am the mod here, with u/rosinthebow. I don't delete posts or ban people. This is a circlejerk. I personally enjoy what he has to say against Hamas and "Palestinians".
&gt; We are going to face labor shortage as a result of President Dipshit’s immigration policies If there's going to be a TRUE labor shortage, we can allow more LEGAL immigration of QUALIFIED people who have the right merits. And Trump, your president, is a great president, who is NOT opposed to LEGAL immigration. &gt; We now face overvalued stocks relative to earnings Stock was ALWAY overvalued compare to earnings. If you are in r/economy, please, first, learn about economy and how the stock market works. With that said, I myself guarantee you that there will be a stock market correction. But it will be a short-lived market correction, because the Trump made the fundamentals of the USA economy much better. &gt; Inflation is imminent especially thanks to, once again, President Dipshit’s briiliant brain fart called a trade war Inflation can be easily fought with by raising interest rates, which was already done, and will continue to be done. Again, learn economy 101 before you say such nonsense, or learn from your president Trump how to run an economy. &gt; Debt is increasing thanks to unfunded tax cuts Obama DOUBLED, again, DOUBLED our national debt. Trump, so far, is far behind Obama with the rate of national debt increase. By the way, every president, since/including Carter, except Clinton, doubled the national debt. Please learn also about the history of the USA economy. Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "Anti-American!", "Foreign Agent!", etc, etc, etc...
Egypt!?!?!
First, and I know it makes you very very unhappy and upset: # Small Business Optimism Starts Third Quarter Near Record High &gt;&gt;&gt; I am a proud pro-America, patriotic, nationalist. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; You post history shows a completely opposite position. &gt; &gt; Ssssuuuuurreeeee. Go ahead and show all of us an example for me being "anti American". Go ahead! Please!!!!!!!! # Where is the example I begged for about me being "anti-American"? PLEASE, PLEASE, give me an example. Or, to make it easier for you, give an example for Trump being "anti-American". Please!!!!! Sincerely, Your "Nazi!", "anti-American!", "foreign agent!", etc, etc, etc, friend. (who happened to be Jewish and served in the army)
The same thing is in Egypt. People throw garbage in the street and the garbage is not collected because the garbage people don't get paid. Dirty dirty country.
They are illegally in the USA and we should/can treat them in the only way possible: criminals that should be out of this country. If you disagree, go to Switzerland or any other well-to-do country and stay there illegally: according to you, you should be treated well and given "opportunities".
They are illegally in the USA and we should/can treat them in the only way possible: criminals that should be out of this country. If you disagree, go to Switzerland or any other well-to-do country and stay there illegally: according to you, you should be treated well and given "opportunities".
Seriously, do you really believe that with RECORD low unemployment, HIGHEST consumer confidence, largest INCREASE in salaries, etc, that more Americans are on welfare? Especially blacks and rural people? FYI, the largest drop in food stamp recipients happened in the last 2 years. Trump is doing a great job! Makes America Great Again!!!! MAGA!!!!!
Nonsense that the church of climatology says.
Sorry, I have very high karma and 9 years on reddit. And you need to address the points I made instead of stupid personal attacks.
If Medicare for all, and no private medicine, then, like Canada, you will barely be able to find doctors to treat you. Do you believe doctors want to be paid pennies for their hard work and studies?
Because there are less jobs, so more people look for jobs, so less pay.
I am sure that nothing is genetically wrong with Arabs and Muslims. So, in 50-100 years from now, the Gazans will grow-up and start behaving like normal peaceful human beings. Until then, no "Palestine" for them!!! Israel and Egypt are not that dumb to allow a "Palestine" in Gaza.
Doctors are not slaves and you don't dictate to them how they work and for how much. If you want to dictate to doctors, then move to those wonderful success stories of "Socialism" and "Communism" (e.g. Cuba and N.Korea): great healthcare over there. If you don't pay Doctors enough and give them reasonable work load, there won't be enough dumb doctors to do the work and those who do the work will do a lousy work. Anything not clear? &gt; 1. Medicare does not cover drugs and medicine True or false? &gt; 2. Medicare does not cover dental work True or false? &gt; 3. Medicare does not cover eye checkups True or false? &gt; 4. Medicare does not cover long-term-care True or false? &gt; 5. Medicare only covers 80% of hospital costs. True or false? &gt; 6. Many places and doctors do not accept Medicare because of low pay. True or false? &gt; 7. To have a "descent" Medicare coverage, you need to pay monthly for Medigap, Medicare Advantage, drug coverage (Part B, D, etc.)... all end up costing $100s a month. True or false?
They are illegally in the USA and we should/can treat them in the only way possible: criminals that should be out of this country. If you disagree, go to Switzerland or any other well-to-do country and stay there illegally: according to you, you should be treated well and given "opportunities".
Robots and AI take jobs that previously done by humans. This what they are invented for. This is the only reason the exist. Am I right or wrong? The only jobs gained by humans in this process, very very smart humans, a small minority of the labor force, are the jobs to develop Robots and AI. Net: huge loss of jobs for humans. Am I right or wrong? P/S: there's a way to prevent it and make sure humans have work, and still have robots and AI.
Food stamps is way way way way down. &gt; Seriously, do you really believe that with RECORD low unemployment, HIGHEST consumer confidence, largest INCREASE in salaries, etc, that more Americans are on welfare? Especially blacks and rural people? &gt; Trump is doing a great job! Makes America Great Again!!!! MAGA!!!!!
First, your "Nazi", "Anti-American", "Foreign Agent", etc, etc, friend wants to know: &gt; Medicare does not cover drugs and medicine True or false? &gt; Medicare does not cover dental work True or false? &gt; Medicare does not cover eye checkups True or false? &gt; Medicare does not cover long-term-care True or false? &gt; Medicare only covers 80% of hospital costs. True or false? &gt; To have a "descent" Medicare coverage, you need to pay monthly for Medigap, Medicare Advantage, drug coverage (Part B, D, etc.)... all end up costing $100s a month. True or false? Now, back to "Doctors will have to work for medicare": again, doctors are not slaves and they need to be compensated very well for their hard work and studies. That's why many of them don't accept medicare today. Only a Socialist or Communist would think it's a good idea to force doctors to live off a low salary and work crazy hours.
SA is a failed country: from being the ONLY success story in Africa, it's getting very fast to be a in the same class as Congo.
You don't get it. The steam engine, the industrial machines, the computers, etc, are doing work that was once done by millions of people. But those machines are limited to only doing repetitive tasks. No intelligence. Robots and AI are free-standing general-purpose thinking machines that can do ANYTHING, ANYTHING(!) that a human can do. ANYTHING and EVERYTHING! From cleaning, to roofing, to investing money to managing the economy, to fighting in a war. Do you have any doubts that if we have robots with AI as smart as humans (or even less), that any job can be done by them?
Your response is a desperation of someone who was proven wrong, by me.
&gt; Did you hear about these big lines on fox news? Because they aren't a reality. They are a reality, in cities, and especially in suburbia and rural areas. I work A LOT with Canadians, so I know what very very well I am talking about. You do not know what you are talking about because you watch CNN and read NYT. Seriously, you think medicine in Canada, or UK, or France, is better than the USA? Google as much as you want and the USA is almost always #1. See example [here](https://www.whichcountry.co/which-country-has-best-doctors-in-the-world/). Canada is way below the USA. But(!!!!), with Medicare and ACA, the quality of medicine in the USA is going to be as bad as in all "socialist" countries.
But the British can build as much as they want in [occupied] Northern Ireland. # Don't pay attention to drunk Irishmen when they make decisions.
First, &gt;&gt; Did you hear about these big lines on fox news? Because they aren't a reality. &gt; &gt; They are a reality, in cities, and especially in suburbia and rural areas. I work A LOT with Canadians, so I know what very very well I am talking about. &gt; &gt; You do not know what you are talking about because you watch CNN and read NYT. Then, &gt;&gt; Dude your source is just embarrassing. Go ahead and show us a "source" that shows how much better is medicine in Canada, compared to the USA.
Do you have reading comprehension issues? We all know that the USA has one of the costliest medical insurance. NOBODY denies that. But the quality of medicine in the USA is one of the best, if not the best: no lines, modern equipment, unrestricted plethora of drugs and treatment, almost with no restrictions, etc, etc. You get what you paid for. Does Canada have the same QUALITY of health care? Of course not! You get what you paid for. They have lines, lottery to see the doctor, limited "approved" medical treatments and drugs, and it's not very cheap also. Am I right or wrong?
You don’t get it. Health care system is not measured by how cheap it is. If you want a cheap health care system, go to Nigeria or Cuba. Very very low cost health care system there. Even better: Venezuela. Anything you have about the quality of health care in Canada versus USA?
Nonsense and totally fake news! It's the exact opposite: [Job creation was supposed to slow, but a funny thing happened: Hiring has sped up](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-pace-of-job-creation-was-supposed-to-slow-but-a-funny-thing-happened-hiring-actually-sped-up-2018-12-05)
# Remember: PETA people have cats and dogs, and they feed MEAT to their pets. Cats and dogs are NOT vegetarian!!!!
You heard the opposite, from whom? Fake-news CNN?
What "nasty reality"? A "nasty reality" of RECORD low unemployment, rise in hiring, highest increase in salaries, GDP over 3%, etc?
The "failure" despite MOST countries voting for it is a slap to the face of the UN. Not Trump. Again, most countries voted for this condemnation of Hamas for being a terrorist organization.
&gt;&gt; You heard the opposite, from whom? Fake-news CNN? &gt; &gt; From statistics on expected job demand with an aging boomer population. Those "statistics", came from whom? Do you doubt this article that Hiring went up, and also RECORD low unemployment, largest increase in salaries, GDP more than 3%, etc, etc? Why are you so upset about the good news in the economy? Because it's Trump?
&gt; It was predicted at 190. Turned out to be 155. So it went up, by a lot, 155,000 new jobs. Predictions are usually wrong. You forgot about all the predictions for less, and it was actually more (e.g. beginning of this year). &gt; Anyone over 30 years old has seen better increases in salaries Almost no increases under Obama. So, what do you prefer? No increase + inflation, or Increase greater than inflation? Which one do you prefer? &gt; DJIA is flat for the year. DJIA is sharply higher since Trump came into office. Am I right? And we all know that a correction coming... a short-lived one in my opinion, before another bull market because the economy is doing much much better under Trump.
Ok, so are you happy with the good news in this article?
So? Older people always retired from their jobs. It's just a bit higher level now due to baby boomers. Just a bit higher. And baby boomers are nothing compared to the drastic changes in the work place with robots, AI, sophisticate automation, outsourcing, etc.
And you can work for free, just like a slave, because you think it's Ok. Ok?
&gt; 190K is a decent month. 155K is okay. Looking at the market today, I would say that Wall Street wasn't particularly impressed. Wall-Street is how you measure success in the job market? Wall-Street is in the beginning of a correction, and even a double the number of new hires it will be in it's current trend. # At least, even you, say "it's Ok". I say it's great. &gt; Yes, increases are a little better than they were under Obama. Good! And that's were you need to stop. &gt;&gt; DJIA is sharply higher since Trump came into office. Am I right? &gt; &gt; You'll have to define "sharply higher". Here's my definition: sharply higher. # I am very sorry that you are so upset about the good news with economy under Trump.
Another person who is so upset and depressed about the good news in the economy since Trump became YOUR president. Damn those idiots in Wall-Street with their stock market going high so sharply. Don't they know that Trump is destroying the economy? &gt; Wages rising moderately, but Trump's tariffs hitting businesses Wages did not go up before Trump, am I right? Tariffs did not hit business overall - GDP is extremely high, including hiring and jobs. &gt; Job growth falls short of expectations in November: 155,000 payrolls created vs 198,000 estimate Job growth of 155,000 is very very good. Predictions are predictions. Many time predictions were for less and it was much higher, especially in the beginning of the year. &gt; People aren't paying their credit cards &amp; more accounts are being shut down, and it could be a sign that 'economic clouds are darkening' Are you serious? With RECORD low unemployment and highest increase in Salary, do you think this is true, or, fake-news? &gt; Ford Lost $1 Billion of Profit Thanks to Trump's Metal Tariffs: CEO Ford is a company in total decline. They are actually going out of the car business due to poor sales and will concentrate on trucks. &gt; After Losing $1 Billion to Tariffs, General Motors Announces 14,000 Layoffs Another declining company who needed to be bailed out, and now they show their gratitude to the American people. &gt; Trump trade war delivers farm boom in Brazil, gloom in Iowa No it did not! China is in big trouble, nobody cares about short-term gains in Brazil who elected their own Trump a month ago. As for Iowa, China with Trump to buy again. &gt; Brietbart alum Steve Bannon to speak to at sex robot conference And at this point I know that since you were proven wrong, you nothing better to say.
Next, when will r/palestine admit that Israel exists and not moving away?
Arab countries hate each other and fight each other. Tell me of 2 Arab countries with good relationship? On the other hand, Israel is the only stable country that would never act against any other Arab country.
Hey!!!! Those statues of Saddam are to make neighboring Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Jordan very happy. So they will support the "Palestinians" against Israel.
Many universities, in the USA and other places, are full of useful idiots who produce useful idiots.
Angela, thank you very much for the nice compliments about Trump. I am sure Trump was very glad to hear that.
USS Liberty was a American SPY Ship, spying on Israel! The incident was during the 1967 war, 50 years ago. Israel was in a war against 4 Arab armies. #It is totally the fault of USA Government for not removing this SPY SHIP despite warnings from Israel. The USA government preferred to put the lives of American Soldiers (spies) in danger instead of sailing away. **I Want to what will happen if Israel puts a spy ship off the coast of the USA. Anyway, only Jew haters and anti-Semites make a big deal of this incident 50 years ago, despite Israel [unnecessarily] paying restitution to the USA for what happened. #Israel is the best ally of the USA and it NEVER(!), EVER(!) hurt Americans except this incident.
&gt; Lower wages and more entitlements to blame for reduced SS income. Social Security was only for that old middle class. Rich don't use it; working slave class ... Originally, SS was for everyone, nice income, tax free, not capped, earlier age, etc. Slowly, it lost much of its value, and soon, in a more rapid way, it will lose much of it's value, because, OTHERWISE, it will go bankrupt. SS was always for those who could not save for their retirement. Personally, I am fine that I paid all my life the maximum amount of SS taxes and most likely I will get NOTHING because I saved privately too much. # My issue is those who actually rely on SS cannot live off SS alone! NOBODY can survive off SS income alone.
&gt; Where is your evidence that the Canadian system isn’t providing good quality care? Find me one article, research or a Canadian that says quality of healthcare in Canada is better than the USA. &gt; You’re argument seems to come down to “if the US socialized healthcare, For the record, I am not against Socialized National healthcare. Neither is Trump. But, it has to be done right, efficiently, quality, no waste, no bureaucracy, etc. It's possible to do it that way, if Politicians are interested in such a system. They are not. #So back to the beginning of this debate - true or false: 1. Medicare does not cover drugs and medicine, true or false? 2. Medicare does not cover dental work or eye care, true or false? 3. Medicare only cover 80% of hospital costs, true or false? 4. Medicare does not cover long term care, true or false? 5. More and more doctors refuse to accept Medicare because of louse pay, true or false? 6. To have Medicare cover all your healthcare costs, you need to pay ADDITIONAL money for Part D (medicine), Medigap, Medicare Advantage, Part B, etc, etc. Which costs HUNDREDS of $$$ per month, and still does not cover everything, true or false? 7. Obama's "Affordable" Care Act is a costly disaster that provide no benefit except for poor chronically ill people. It's also an additional tax on others. True or false?
I don't know. It sounds like a nick-name for Daud (David).
Unfortunately for "Palestinians", they are not successful in robbing Jews or Israelis of anything.
Huh? You prefer the USA to import the oil it needs? And subsidize Arabs/Muslims who abuse women, throw gay off roof tops?
Petty crime, by "Palestinian" small-time criminals. Anyway, the "Palestinian" terrorist army was not able to rob Israel or Jews of anything... like Yasser did in Lebanon.
&gt; US economy set to slow, says IMF chief economist Financial Times-Dec 9, 2018 US Economy has expanded with RECORD low unemployment, LARGEST increase in salaries, GDP over 3% consistently, more jobs in the USA due to tariffs, HIGHEST consumer confidence since 1969, etc. Of course, there will be a correction - a short-lived one because, the fundamentals of the economy are great thanks to Trump. P/S: China is in worse shape than the USA. Also Europe and Japan. &gt; US Economy Will Slow in 2019, May Enter Recession in 2020 ... Fortune-Nov 21, 2018 You are good in predictions... about the future... Are you a pessimist? &gt; Goldman warns a sharp US economic slowdown next year could see financial markets running ‘scared’ PUBLISHED MON, DEC 10 2018 • 8:44 AM EST Even Goldman is not good in predicting anything. &gt; Tariffs have hit confidence, to slow US economy, says Fed’s Williams PUBLISHED THU, DEC 6 2018 • 8:33 PM EST BS!!!!!! Again, RECORD low unemployment, LARGEST increase in salaries, GDP over 3% consistently, more jobs in the USA due to tariffs, HIGHEST consumer confidence since 1969, etc. Sorry it makes you so sad and depressed that Trump is doing excellent work with the economy.
Idiots who can't face facts should be banned.
&gt; have palestinian militants ever attempted to target military targets? Hardly ever, because they are cowardly terrorists.
Show me a picture of starving or hungry Americans.
You are not offended! You, simply, can't control your emotions when faced with facts contradicting your belief.
&gt; So, again: You prefer the USA to import the oil it needs? And subsidize Arabs/Muslims who abuse women, throw gay off roof tops?
I don't know about Rosa, but MLK was a racist neo-Nazi Judeo-Fascist apartheid supporter of Israel.
&gt;&gt; Do you have any actual points or are you just going to keep throwing out touchy feely shit? &gt; &gt; So, again: You prefer the USA to import the oil it needs? And subsidize Arabs/Muslims who abuse women, throw gay off roof tops?
Are you trying to say that the number of food stamp recipients did not decrease under Trump? Trump with with RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969 and LARGEST salary increase in recent years?
They are pawns, dispensable, useful idiots, etc. But, many of them are the children of Palestinian leaders. Did you notice that? /s
If a Palestinian is not killed by a Jew, Palestinians don’t care.
It ended as more than a circlejerk.
Thank you Trump! MAGA!!!!
Another success for Trump! MAGA!!!
&gt; I do disagree with the conclusions you draw from those statistics. What "conclusions" you don't agree with?
Wow! Google researched and testified Russia spent $4,500, but you would believe another story where Russia spent $1.5M per month. More amazing is that you won't believe that the Clinton$ got MILLIONS from Saudi Arabia, Russia and other countries (foreign intervention in elections - these were not gifts - they expected something in return) while Trump got NOTHING from any foreign country. And, of course, you won't believe Uranium One, Hillary cheating on debate questions with fake-news CNN, Hillary making speeches to Russian bankers for $500,000, etc, etc, etc.
Cool story! And the real "story": Trump never spilled the chili, but you heard a "chili story" on CNN/NYT and believe it.
Yes! Google said that Russia spent a total of $4,700 on ads. #So according to this, did "Russia!" meddle or "colluded" about the elections? Do you honestly, really, for real, believe that in July 2016 Trump is nominated by the Republicans and by November 2016, 4 months later, he managed to "Russian collusion!" to win elections? Seriously? &gt; More amazing is that you won't believe that the Clinton$ got MILLIONS from Saudi Arabia, Russia and other countries (foreign intervention in elections - these were not gifts - they expected something in return) while Trump got NOTHING from any foreign country. &gt; &gt;And, of course, you won't believe Uranium One, Hillary cheating on debate questions with fake-news CNN, Hillary making speeches to Russian bankers for $500,000, etc, etc, etc.
Do you know that Trump is the main influence on the USA economy? So all the good news about the economy are Trump's. But Trump does not make babies or brew beer... or other unrelated nonsense that you desperately try to throw at me. #Do you doubt the FACT that 3.5 million people dropped off Food Stamps due to Trump's economy (full employment, largest salary increase, best consumer confidence, etc, etc,)? Yes or no?
No! Obama did quite well with the economy, and I voted for him twice! Trump is doing much better, and I voted for him! (I would not vote for crooked Hillary.)
$4,500 was spent. What does it matter beyond the fact it's a tiny amount? (but, sssssuuurreelyy, this amount will interfere with elections.)
&gt; $4,500 was spent. What does it matter beyond the fact it's a tiny amount? (but, sssssuuurreelyy, this amount will interfere with elections.)
&gt; $4,500 was spent. What does it matter beyond the fact it's a tiny amount? (but, sssssuuurreelyy, this amount will interfere with elections.)
Trump makes America great again, while China slides (Europe too!)
Wow! You believe a lot of fake news about Trump. I believe facts: RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market (still sharply higher since Trump went into office = confidence in his economic plan), HIGHEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLEN rates of GDP &gt; 3% several quarters, BIGGEST reduction in food stamp recipients, LARGEST increase in salaries, jobs coming back to America, China in decline, security (no terrorist attacks), etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc.
That's fake news. First, do you honestly and seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment, shortage of workers, and HIGHEST consumer confidence since 1969, that salaries are not going up? Really? Seriously? As for the article, notice how it's phrased: MAYBE majority did not get, but more salary increases than in the last 9 years. Here are some quotes: "*The survey findings suggest not all Americans are experiencing the modest* **pay growth that occurred this year**, *a welcome end to nearly decade of stagnant wages.*" #And if you click on the link in the last quote, you get "Wages rise at fastest pace in nine years as U.S. adds 250,000 jobs in October" "*91% of Americans say they have the same or greater confidence in the job market than they did one year ago, according to Bankrate.com.*"
Look gay to me!!! Anyway, his "wife" and his "daughter", the great Palestinian patriots, live in France and spend the money he stole from "Palestinians".
First, seriously, and for real: do you actually believe the economy is not doing great under Trump? (because "Trump!") Secondly, seriously, for real: do you think an economy is on auto-Pilot? Trump, your president, has the MAIN INFLUENCE on economy. One bad thing to say or do, and the economy tanks. He nominates ALL(!) the people in charge of the economy. &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; The stock market has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. Also, you might want to stop tying the President directly to stock market performance, because as of today, the stock market is pretty much even with where we started the year. And the Stock Market it right now sharply higher since Trump took office, showing CONFIDENCE in Trump's economic plans. We ALL(!!!) know there's going to be a correction soon, but, I am sure, it will be a short-lived correction because the fundamentals of the American economy are much better, under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECROD, since 1969, under Trump. &gt; The GDP growth trend has been around 3% to 4% quarterly growth since 7 years before trump took office. And has more quarter over 3% under Trump, DESPITE Obama being during a recovery from a crash. &gt; Food stamp participation has been steadily declining since about 3 years before Trump took office. And has the LARGEST drop under Trump, because of RECORD employment and salary increases. &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. Fake news! The fact is that salary increases are the BEST IN 9 YEARS!!!! Best!!!! &gt; Jobs are not "coming back to America." See the unemployment chart above. Do you seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment and tariffs protecting American industry. &gt; China is not in decline. Chine IS in a serious decline. Ask any Chinese. Don't lie to desperately to win a debate. &gt; There have not been "no terrorist attacks." That is just an objectively untrue statement. It is the truth. Show me I am wrong by telling me about a serious terrorist attack under Trump. Go ahead!!!!! &gt; Anything else you want to try? In r/economy you need to examine facts and not go by unexplained hate for Trump.
First, I am so sorry that you are so upset and depressed about the good news in the economy, because "Trump!". &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. What part of "*Wages rise at fastest pace in nine years as U.S. adds 250,000 jobs in October*" you did not understand? &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD, since 1969, under Trump.
&gt; I promise I'm not purposely trying to be mean here, but you are the single dumbest person When someone loses a debate, they turn to personal attacks. Always!!!! First, seriously, and for real: do you actually believe the economy is not doing great under Trump? (because "Trump!") Secondly, seriously, for real: do you think an economy is on auto-Pilot? Trump, your president, has the MAIN INFLUENCE on economy. One bad thing to say or do, and the economy tanks. He nominates ALL(!) the people in charge of the economy. &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; The stock market has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. Also, you might want to stop tying the President directly to stock market performance, because as of today, the stock market is pretty much even with where we started the year. And the Stock Market it right now sharply higher since Trump took office, showing CONFIDENCE in Trump's economic plans. We ALL(!!!) know there's going to be a correction soon, but, I am sure, it will be a short-lived correction because the fundamentals of the American economy are much better, under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECROD, since 1969, under Trump. &gt; The GDP growth trend has been around 3% to 4% quarterly growth since 7 years before trump took office. And has more quarter over 3% under Trump, DESPITE Obama being during a recovery from a crash. &gt; Food stamp participation has been steadily declining since about 3 years before Trump took office. And has the LARGEST drop under Trump, because of RECORD employment and salary increases. &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. Fake news! The fact is that salary increases are the BEST IN 9 YEARS!!!! Best!!!! &gt; Jobs are not "coming back to America." See the unemployment chart above. Do you seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment and tariffs protecting American industry. &gt; China is not in decline. Chine IS in a serious decline. Ask any Chinese. Don't lie to desperately to win a debate. &gt; There have not been "no terrorist attacks." That is just an objectively untrue statement. It is the truth. Show me I am wrong by telling me about a serious terrorist attack under Trump. Go ahead!!!!! &gt; Anything else you want to try? In r/economy you need to examine facts and not go by unexplained hate for Trump.
&gt;&gt; First, I am so sorry that you are so upset and depressed about the good news in the economy, because "Trump!". &gt; &gt; I wouldn't say "upset." I'm just confused about how you can possibly think Trump has made the economy great again when virtually every economic indicator has remained the same for the last 8 years or so. Really? No RECORD low unemployment? No excellent GDP in several quarters? No RECORD stock marker? No BEST consumer confidence? No HIGHEST increase in salaries? Etc, etc, etc, etc, etc. Again, don't lie in order to "win" a debate! Don't lie! #Surely, if you or my grandmother were the president, the economy will be the same, on auto-Pilot, because the president has no effect on the economy. &gt;&gt; What part of "Wages rise at fastest pace in nine years as U.S. adds 250,000 jobs in October" you did not understand? &gt; &gt;The part where TOTAL wage growth is irrelevant if the gains are wiped out by inflation. What inflation? Are you saying salary increases are less than inflation? You know that energy costs are at record low, do you? You know that housing costs went down, do you?
&gt; If wages are skyrocketing Don't exaggerate! &gt; ... how do you explain the increase in poverty? What increase in poverty? Are you kidding me or yourself? With RECORD low unemployment, LARGEST decrease in food stamps, biggest increase of salaries in 9 years, lower energy costs, highest consumer confidence since 1969, lower housing costs, etc, **do you really, for real, seriously, believe the poverty is up in the USA? Really?** &gt; How do you explain the increase in homelessness? Not sure in homelessness is increasing, but 90% of them, proven, are mentally ill or drug addicts. The rest are "socialists" who think they are entitled for everything for free. You care about homelessness? Go ahead and ask a homeless to clean your apartment or house for pay. Let's see if you are willing to do that, or if they will be willing to do that.
Poor you! You probably feel you are entitled for more. Anyway: &gt; If wages are skyrocketing Don't exaggerate! &gt; ... how do you explain the increase in poverty? What increase in poverty? Are you kidding me or yourself? With RECORD low unemployment, LARGEST decrease in food stamps, biggest increase of salaries in 9 years, lower energy costs, highest consumer confidence since 1969, lower housing costs, etc, **do you really, for real, seriously, believe the poverty is up in the USA? Really?** &gt; How do you explain the increase in homelessness? Not sure in homelessness is increasing, but 90% of them, proven, are mentally ill or drug addicts. The rest are "socialists" who think they are entitled for everything for free.
Again, I am so so so sorry that you are so sad, upset and depress about the good news in the economy under Trump, because "Trump!". So sorry. Secondly, seriously, for real: do you think an economy is on auto-Pilot? Trump, your president, has the MAIN INFLUENCE on economy. One bad thing to say or do, and the economy tanks. He nominates ALL(!) the people in charge of the economy. &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; The stock market has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. Also, you might want to stop tying the President directly to stock market performance, because as of today, the stock market is pretty much even with where we started the year. And the Stock Market it right now sharply higher since Trump took office, showing CONFIDENCE in Trump's economic plans. We ALL(!!!) know there's going to be a correction soon, but, I am sure, it will be a short-lived correction because the fundamentals of the American economy are much better, under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECROD, since 1969, under Trump. &gt; The GDP growth trend has been around 3% to 4% quarterly growth since 7 years before trump took office. And has more quarter over 3% under Trump, DESPITE Obama being during a recovery from a crash. &gt; Food stamp participation has been steadily declining since about 3 years before Trump took office. And has the LARGEST drop under Trump, because of RECORD employment and salary increases. &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. Fake news! The fact is that salary increases are the BEST IN 9 YEARS!!!! Best!!!! &gt; Jobs are not "coming back to America." See the unemployment chart above. Do you seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment and tariffs protecting American industry. &gt; China is not in decline. Chine IS in a serious decline. Ask any Chinese. Don't lie to desperately to win a debate. &gt; There have not been "no terrorist attacks." That is just an objectively untrue statement. It is the truth. Show me I am wrong by telling me about a serious terrorist attack under Trump. Go ahead!!!!! &gt; Anything else you want to try? In r/economy you need to examine facts and not go by unexplained hate for Trump.
Once again... &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. It's the best in last 9 years. And increasing... &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 And reached a RECORD under Trump. And again: #Surely, if you or my grandmother were the president, the economy will be the same, on auto-Pilot, because the president has no effect on the economy. Is that so? &gt;&gt; What part of "Wages rise at fastest pace in nine years as U.S. adds 250,000 jobs in October" you did not understand? &gt; &gt;The part where TOTAL wage growth is irrelevant if the gains are wiped out by inflation. What inflation? Are you saying salary increases are less than inflation? You know that energy costs are at record low, do you? You know that housing costs went down, do you?
Trust me: Palestinians are more efficient than this when it comes to killing, torturing and oppressing other Palestinians.
In the one-state solution, once/if accepted by "Palestinians", this WILL NEVER EVER HAPPEN!!!
First, back to the original topic, here are some headlines, thanks to Trump, that surely will make you so sad, upset and depressed because "Trump!": [China’s Economy Slows, Sharply - in Challenge for Xi Jinping - NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/14/business/china-economy-xi-jinping.html) [China suspends tariff hikes on US cars, auto parts](https://www.apnews.com/87669a6f4b70486fb48c3f5134d18d72) Then: &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; The stock market has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. Also, you might want to stop tying the President directly to stock market performance, because as of today, the stock market is pretty much even with where we started the year. And the Stock Market it right now sharply higher since Trump took office, showing CONFIDENCE in Trump's economic plans. We ALL(!!!) know there's going to be a correction soon, but, I am sure, it will be a short-lived correction because the fundamentals of the American economy are much better, under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECROD, since 1969, under Trump. &gt; The GDP growth trend has been around 3% to 4% quarterly growth since 7 years before trump took office. And has more quarter over 3% under Trump, DESPITE Obama being during a recovery from a crash. &gt; Food stamp participation has been steadily declining since about 3 years before Trump took office. And has the LARGEST drop under Trump, because of RECORD employment and salary increases. &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. Fake news! The fact is that salary increases are the BEST IN 9 YEARS!!!! Best!!!! &gt; Jobs are not "coming back to America." See the unemployment chart above. Do you seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment and tariffs protecting American industry. &gt; China is not in decline. Chine IS in a serious decline. Ask any Chinese. Don't lie to desperately to win a debate. &gt; There have not been "no terrorist attacks." That is just an objectively untrue statement. It is the truth. Show me I am wrong by telling me about a serious terrorist attack under Trump. Go ahead!!!!! &gt; Anything else you want to try? In r/economy you need to examine facts and not go by unexplained hate for Trump.
That's very good news: 155,000 jobs. As for prediction, for 198,000 job, they predicted several times less jobs in the beginning of the year and the reality was much more than the prediction. Also, with RECORD low unemployment, it's very hard to fulfill new jobs.
&gt; I can't continue this if Yes, after resorting to name-calling, and now "I can't because you don't agree": two clear "strategies" of those who lose a debate. #Again, I am so so so sorry that I made you so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with Trump's economy, because "Trump!". Sorry!!!!
The best thing for Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims is to live Israel or Jewish Rule. Sadly for them, Jews are not interested at all in taking more Pallis, Arabs or Muslims to be part of Israel. We are happy with 20% of Israel's population, more than a million people, being Israeli Arabs - the luckiest Arabs and Muslims in the whole world. And they are happy to be part of Israel.
I am extremely happy and optimistic about the economy, thanks to Trump. Really!!!!! Unlike you! Then: Seriously, for real: do you think an economy is on auto-Pilot? Trump, your president, has the MAIN INFLUENCE on economy. One bad thing to say or do, and the economy tanks. He nominates ALL(!) the people in charge of the economy. &gt; Unemployment has been falling steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECORD low under Trump. &gt; The stock market has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. Also, you might want to stop tying the President directly to stock market performance, because as of today, the stock market is pretty much even with where we started the year. And the Stock Market it right now sharply higher since Trump took office, showing CONFIDENCE in Trump's economic plans. We ALL(!!!) know there's going to be a correction soon, but, I am sure, it will be a short-lived correction because the fundamentals of the American economy are much better, under Trump. &gt; Consumer confidence has been rising steadily since 7 years before Trump took office. And reached a RECROD, since 1969, under Trump. &gt; The GDP growth trend has been around 3% to 4% quarterly growth since 7 years before trump took office. And has more quarter over 3% under Trump, DESPITE Obama being during a recovery from a crash. &gt; Food stamp participation has been steadily declining since about 3 years before Trump took office. And has the LARGEST drop under Trump, because of RECORD employment and salary increases. &gt; Real wage wage growth is not at historic levels. In fact it's one of the few indicators that has economists worried. Fake news! The fact is that salary increases are the BEST IN 9 YEARS!!!! Best!!!! &gt; Jobs are not "coming back to America." See the unemployment chart above. Do you seriously believe that with RECORD low unemployment and tariffs protecting American industry. &gt; China is not in decline. Chine IS in a serious decline. Ask any Chinese. Don't lie to desperately to win a debate. &gt; There have not been "no terrorist attacks." That is just an objectively untrue statement. It is the truth. Show me I am wrong by telling me about a serious terrorist attack under Trump. Go ahead!!!!! &gt; Anything else you want to try? In r/economy you need to examine facts and not go by unexplained hate for Trump.
Again, if you ever studied economics, you would know that the president has the most influence on the economy. Economy is not on Auto Pilot. So, &gt;&gt; The economy under Trump is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than under Obama. &gt;&gt; Obama DOUBLED(!!!) the national debt &gt;&gt; Try to be happy with the all the good news about the economy!!!!!! &gt;&gt; It would be good for you until 2024, when Trump leaves the office.
There's no gender pay gap!!! Women work differently and choose different professions. That's all.
Why are you trying to defend the ACA? It's not "affordable", it's a terrible design, awful value and destroys the medical profession.
Read the article! And click on the link showing "Highest salary increases in the last 9 years."
&gt; a shit ton of people lose insurance. Only chronically ill people, the only ones who benefit from ACA. Everybody else has to pay, even if they are healthy, and get shitty "benefits" for paying too much for too little. Do you honestly think ACA is "affordable"? Trump, and I, are not against national health care system, but, it has to be done right.
Where is New Zealand? (North Island and South Island) Hong Kong? (Yes, part of Hong Kong is a peninsula, but some is an island.)
&gt; 2 years of control and have put nothing out to replace it. Because of Democrats and some traitor Republicans. Who said Trump wants just to repeal, and not to replace?
And if you noticed, neighbors Syria and Lebanon were not surveyed, but, surely, they are not racist.
Are you suggesting that if you are rich, to say to your children, "you get nothing, or very little"? Being successful has nothing to do with how much money, or lack of money you were born to! What parent will not want to give as much as possible to their children. By the way, plenty of very rich people were born to rich people: Bill Gates, Rockefeller s, Morgan s, Walton s, etc, etc.
Trump NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, EVER, said "I just want to repeal and not replace." Never. Stop listening to fake news (CNN, NYT, etc.)
Where do you see Lebanon or Syria. P/S: I know the Philippines very well, and they are not racists, albeit, not perfect either. I have no idea how Philippines made it to the top of the list. I also doubt the India is so racist.
What do you know! Lebanon is 2nd place in racism. Nice neighbors we have around Israel.
Israeli Arabs do identify themselves as "Palestinians". Actually, calling them "Palestinians" is an insult for almost most of them.
I am 56, and I have many interns working for me, for pay. Again, if you want to work for free, like a slave, you can't work for me. My company is not greedy like other companies, and Hillary Clinton, who don't pay for interns doing work for them. #Should my company stop paying interns? Are we "bad" doing that?
Ottomans were Muslims. My point is that Muslims don’t care about Jerusalem.
How is it morally acceptable for someone to not pay for work done? How is it possible you want to work without getting paid, like a slave? &gt;&gt; My company is not greedy like other companies, and Hillary Clinton, who don't pay for interns doing work for them. Should my company stop paying interns? &gt;&gt; Are we "bad" doing that? #Please make sure you reply and insist on something!
&gt; Trump is literally doing... Wow! You know Trump so well, his plans, his evilness, etc. And, on top of that, Trump is such a liar! Only yesterday he said "I would like to work with Democrats on a replaces for the ACA". What a liar! &gt;&gt; Trust me, when Democrats are willing to fix issues with Trump, he will share his plans. &gt;&gt; Until then, enjoy the ACA, a wonderful gift designed for you and America, by Democrats and Obama. Enjoy!!!!
Are you saying that no way Warren Buffet, Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, and countless other richest people on earth can be become so rich because they came from a modest or poor background?
I am sure he was gay, and died from AIDS (got it from one of his "bodyguards"), and, most likely, blackmailed by the Mossad for this. Before he dies, he "marry" his wife and I will pay a lot of money to do DNA test to see if his daughter is his...
#First, please, make sure your reply back and insist on something. True or false: "Highest salary increases in the last 9 years."? True or False? &gt; wiped out by inflation... What inflation? Costs of energy are the lowest in decades, real estate is lower, etc. The USA has higher inflation now? Are salary increase less than inflation? **Under Obama there was no salary increase, and, now, that there's salary increase under Trump, you are so upset.**
Lucky you! And everyone else, who works, pays $100s a month, or fines, and get almost nothing in return. #Seriously, for real, do you really really really think that the ACA is "affordable" for most Americans, except the dirt poor?
&gt; The Ottomans' center of gravity and most important provinces which they valued the most were the Balkans, I don't blame them. So let's go over some history: 1. Several Muslim empires, the largest empires in the world, none used Jerusalem as the capital. Instead, Ramle, a new city, was used as the capital for one of those Muslim empires. 2. Jordan did not bother to have Jerusalem as their capital. 3. Saudi Arabia, where Mecca and Medina are located, chooses a small villages called Riyadh as their capital. Got the idea?
I do not own a company. I work for a company that ALWAYS pays its interns. #How is it morally acceptable for someone to not pay for work done? #How is it possible you want to work without getting paid, like a slave? &gt;&gt; My company is not greedy like other companies, and Hillary Clinton, who don't pay for interns doing work for them. Should my company stop paying interns? &gt;&gt; Are we "bad" doing that? #Please make sure you reply and insist on something!
&gt; there absolutely IS A GENDER PAY GAP. That is an objective fact. Which company is paying less to women than men for the same job? Which company was sued for this in the last 20 years? &gt; The question, however is "what causes that gender pay gap?" And the answer is that we just don't know yet. Read: [Why Do Women Earn Less Than Men? Evidence from Bus and Train Operators (Job Market Paper)](https://scholar.harvard.edu/bolotnyy/publications/why-do-women-earn-less-men-evidence-bus-and-train-operators-job-market-paper) [Why male Uber drivers make more, according to researchers](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/researchers-detailed-male-uber-drivers-make-132101042.html) Want more research papers on that? #Please, please, please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
Again, if you ever studied economics, you would know that the president has the most influence on the economy. Economy is not on Auto Pilot. #Otherwise, god forbids, you or my grandmother can be the president and there will no impact on the economy. So, &gt;&gt; The economy under Trump is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than under Obama. &gt;&gt; Obama DOUBLED(!!!) the national debt &gt;&gt; Try to be happy with the all the good news about the economy!!!!!! &gt;&gt; It would be good for you until 2024, when Trump leaves the office. #Please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
LOL!!!!! What a great post!
&gt;&gt; Are you saying that no way Warren Buffet, Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, and countless other richest people on earth can be become so rich because they came from a modest or poor background? &gt; &gt; No Good! #Please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
Again, if you ever studied economics, you would know that the president has the most influence on the economy. Economy is not on Auto Pilot. #Otherwise, god forbids, you or my grandmother can be the president and there will be no impact on the economy. So, &gt;&gt; The economy under Trump is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than under Obama. &gt;&gt; Obama DOUBLED(!!!) the national debt &gt;&gt; Try to be happy with the all the good news about the economy!!!!!! &gt;&gt; It would be good for you until 2024, when Trump leaves the office. #Please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
Again, &gt;&gt; &gt; Which company is paying less to women than men for the same job? Which company was sued for this in the last 20 years? As for: &gt; The question, however is "what causes that gender pay gap?" And the answer is that we just don't know yet. Read: [Why Do Women Earn Less Than Men? Evidence from Bus and Train Operators (Job Market Paper)](https://scholar.harvard.edu/bolotnyy/publications/why-do-women-earn-less-men-evidence-bus-and-train-operators-job-market-paper) [Why male Uber drivers make more, according to researchers](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/researchers-detailed-male-uber-drivers-make-132101042.html) Want more research papers on that? #Please, please, please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
#How is it morally acceptable for someone to not pay for work done? Please answer! #How is it possible you want to work without getting paid, like a slave? Please answer! &gt;&gt; My company is not greedy like other companies, and Hillary Clinton, who don't pay for interns doing work for them. Should my company stop paying interns? &gt;&gt; Are we "bad" because we pay interns? #Please make sure you reply and insist on something!
&gt; Everything that's wrong with Obamacare is the GOP's and their voters' fault. LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! Seriously? Did you read what you wrote? It's the GOP at fault for what Obama did!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!! Thank you! Thank you for saying Obamacare is a mess. (so, you lied with you "affordable" $24/Month Obamacare. I never believed you.) Anyway, sssssuuuuureeeeelllly we should not replace Abamacare. Because "Trump!" don't know how to do better deals. Sssssuuuureeee.
What would the Mossad gain from exposing Arafat as gay? Nothing! I mean, if the Mossad just wanted, they could kill Arafat in the beginning of his "career".
Abbas, as a matter of FACT, worked for the KGB. Personally, with 90% certainty, Abbas is an Israeli agent, making sure no achievements for his people. Not a single achievement. And with 95% certainty, Hamas leaders are Israeli agents too. Do you know why?
Nonsense! The results in the economy speak for themselves: RECORD stock market, showing confidence in Trump's economic plans and the stock market is still SHARPLY higher since Trump took office. Also, RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP, highest salary increases, more jobs coming back to the USA, China lost it's economic advantage, etc, etc, etc.
Wow, you seriously believe issues with Obama's Obamacare are because of GOP and only the GOP. Definitely, for sure, nothing to do with Democrats and their way of doing things. #Probably it's also GOP's fault that healthcare.gov took 6 years to be POORLY done. &gt;&gt; (so, you lied with your "affordable" $24/Month Obamacare. I never believed you.) &gt;&gt; Anyway, sssssuuuuureeeeelllly we should not replace Obamacare. &gt;&gt; Because "Trump!" don't know how to do better deals. Sssssuuuureeee.
&gt; You're being illogical. Obamacare could be better, like with a public option, if the support for that existed. Again, according to you, ALSO this is also the GOP's fault that Obama, with his Obamacare, designed it that way. &gt; Obamacare works great for me. I'm retired in a state that expanded Medicaid. Oh, you are retired! So, you don't have ObamaCare. You lied about the "only $23/month". Instead, you have Medicare, which, correct me if I am wrong: does not cover drugs, dental work, eye checks, only 80% of hospital bills, no long-term care, and many doctors refuse to accept it because of low pay. Great system! And again: &gt; Everything that's wrong with Obamacare is the GOP's and their voters' fault. LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! Seriously? Did you read what you wrote? It's the GOP at fault for what Obama did!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!
Are you serious? With RECORD low unemployment, resulting in largest salary increase in 9 years, you think Employers have the advantage? The answer: low unemployment is all you need to handle any Employer issues.
What is "fake" with what I said?
&gt; What is "fake" with what I said?
Are you trying to say that economy is on Auto-Pilot and it does not matter who is the president, even if my grandmother was the president, the stock market will go up?
No. Again, what is "fake" with what I said?
Obama, whom I voted for twice, did not do bad with the economy. Trump could have done much better, and is doing better job right now.
While the Romans renamed Jerusalem as "Aelia Capitolina" and renamed Judea as Palestina. Well, fast forward to 21st century, and Arabs/Muslim insist this land is "Palestine" but, oh no, Jerusalem is not "Aelia Capitolina".
&gt; Historically low unemployment, and while it is the largest increase, that is mostly because there has been no increase for 9 years. Wow! So, according to you, under Obama, 8 years, no salary increases. And you are so upset that under Trump, there are increases? Are you serious? &gt; 3% increase after a HUGE give away to corporations, when there is 2% inflation is not a solution. That "give away for corporation" is why they hire and pay more. Who told you it's only 3% increase? And who told you inflation is 2%? With record low energy cost and more affordable housing? Are you serious? &gt; And 4.8% unemployment was also historically low. But a RECORD low unemployment under Trump. Do you know what a RECORD mean?
#How is it morally acceptable for someone to not pay for work done? Please answer! #How is it possible you want to work without getting paid, like a slave? Please answer! &gt;&gt; My company is not greedy like other companies, and Hillary Clinton, who don't pay for interns doing work for them. Should my company stop paying interns? &gt;&gt; Are we "bad" because we pay interns? #Please make sure you reply and insist on something!
Again, &gt;&gt; &gt; Which company is paying less to women than men for the same job? Which company was sued for this in the last 20 years? As for: &gt; The question, however is "what causes that gender pay gap?" And the answer is that we just don't know yet. Read: [Why Do Women Earn Less Than Men? Evidence from Bus and Train Operators (Job Market Paper)](https://scholar.harvard.edu/bolotnyy/publications/why-do-women-earn-less-men-evidence-bus-and-train-operators-job-market-paper) [Why male Uber drivers make more, according to researchers](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/researchers-detailed-male-uber-drivers-make-132101042.html) Want more research papers on that? #Please, please, please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
And did those 75 posts get millions of upvotes?
Again, if you ever studied economics, you would know that the president has the most influence on the economy. Economy is not on Auto Pilot. #Otherwise, god forbids, you or my grandmother can be the president and there will be no impact on the economy. So, &gt;&gt; The economy under Trump is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than under Obama. &gt;&gt; Obama DOUBLED(!!!) the national debt &gt;&gt; Try to be happy with the all the good news about the economy!!!!!! &gt;&gt; It would be good for you until 2024, when Trump leaves the office. #Please make sure you reply back and insist on something.
&gt; I've paid a fortune in taxes to cover my future Obamacare/Medicaid. So shame on you. No shame on me! I am a very high-earner, working since I was 17, and, for sure, I paid MUCH more than you into Medicare, and did not "retire" in my 50s. Still paying, until my retirement, planned for when I am 62. &gt; The high cost of US healthcare is the GOP's fault and yours. Ssssssurrrrrrre, the GOP forced Obama to design his ObamaCare to be so bad. But, sssssuuuuuureeee, now that the GOP want to fix ObamaCare, the democrats are eager to work together. Suuuureeee!!! &gt; You can find problems with every country's system. What matters is value. No! Absolutely no. If you want "value", then Venezuela, Nigeria, Cuba, etc, have a great deal for you: you pay almost nothing... and get what nothing is worth. What matters is quality at reasonable costs. When you have a health issue, you don't care about how cheap or the "value" of the healthcare. You only care about quality when have a health issue. **Am I right or wrong?** So if you want lllllloooooonnnnnggg lines and lottery, go to Canada. If you want poor quality, go to the UK. If you want hostile health care system, go to France. #Let's cut the BS! Do democrats want to work with GOP to fix Obamacare, the [un]"affordable" care act?
&gt;&gt; It is SHARPLY HIGHER since Trump took office. &gt; &gt; It is up, I'm not disputing that. But growth is currently below average Seriously, you really expect that after such a sharp increase and so many records, that it will continue with the same growth? Really? Seriously? Actually, I am sure there will be a [short-lived] correction soon. &gt; Well first of all, China being in an economic downtown would be bad for the US, No! China downturn is mostly because of Trump's tariffs. Trump stopped China from taking advantage of the USA. The GDP in the USA is going up, and in China, it goes down. So don't worry about China dragging the USA down. &gt; A growing stock market shows confidence in the future of economic growth. ... economy as being directed by the president of the USA, Trump. It is confidence in Trump's economic plans. &gt;&gt; Trump is doing MUCH BETTER than vast majority of presidents. CHECK IT! PLEASE!!!! &gt; &gt; Stock growth was above average in the first year of the Trump presidency, but growth has gone negative for 2018 How many presidents achieved that? I asked you to check. And, no, 2018 is not negative in the stock market. Don't lie! 2018 is flat with a small increase. We are about to go into a [short lived] correction, to be followed by another bull market because the fundamentals of the economy under Trump are very good.
&gt; I started paying taxes at age 12. You can't work until you are 13. I don't believe you. In any case, at the age of 13, if you paid Medicare taxes, it was pennies. And then, let's not forget, you retired early before 50, so you stopped paying. &gt; You're lazy. Sssssuuuuuureeeee. Working from age of 17 and a very high income, I am so so so so lazy... says the "retired" person at age 50 who gets subsidies form Obamacare, paid by taxpayers who work and not getting subsidies. &gt; Most of the taxpayers' cost of my Obamacare is your fault Sssssuuuureeee! As you said it yourself, taxpayer are paying and subsidizing you, but, of course, it's my (and the GOP!!!) fault, but, oh no, not Obama's fault. Sssssuuuureeeee. &gt; You're ignoring that the GOP presented a worse healthcare plan. ... yes, it was "worse" because you won't get subsidies to pay only $23/Month because you claim you are "poor".
&gt; Please tell me how the new agreement is great while NAFTA No! I am not going to waste my time to show you common knowledge that you don't want to admit to. YOU go and tell us how NAFTA was great, and how Trump got a worse deal. First, do you honestly, seriously, for real, think that NAFTA was a good deal? Yes or no? Next, use google so you can easily and quickly show us how great NAFTA was and how terrible a deal Trump got instead.
&gt; I don't claim I'm poor. I claim I'm low income, which is true. Same thing! To get subsidies for Obamacare, paid by your fellow tax payers, you need to be really poor. Anyone who WORKS and makes money is not "low income" like you and will not find Obamacare as "affordable" as it is for you. &gt; There are numerous tax credits and deductions. Wow! I am impressed. You are very good in milking the system, while paying as little as possible into it. &gt; Trump grabs $1 million in taxpayer money most weekends by golfing at his own resort. Is that unethical? It's fake news! Trump donates his salary. All of it! Trump actually lost tons of money because he became a president instead of running his business. &gt; If you don't want to pay my $700/month Obamacare subsidy then join the Democrats in supporting a public option or single payer plan. And who told you that the GOP, or me, or Trump is against it?
First, &gt;&gt; Do you get it that Trump achieved a RECORD low unemployment, and, also, RECORD stock market, and EXCELLENT rates of GDP, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, etc, etc. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Are you saying that all this is due to Obama? And: &gt;&gt; Any area of the economy hurt by Trump's actions? Let me know!!!!!
&gt;&gt; Do you know what it means when the stock market is up sharply in the beginning of a presidency? It means confidence in Trump, your president, the president's economic plans. &gt; &gt; So, based on your conclusion, after the 1st year, that confidence has been lost. There is no confidence in Trump, in the president's economic plans. Are you kidding me or yourself? The stock market is SHARPLY higher since Trump took office. Also, Consumer confidence is the best since 1969, RECORD low unemployment, BEST salary increases in 9 years, EXCELLENT rates of GDP, etc, etc, etc... And you, seriously, think "confidence [in Trump] has been lost" ? Seriously? For real? #Tell us one thing that Trump did that hurt the economy! Please! Go ahead!!!!!
&gt; Axis of Evil (Assad, Iran, Hezbollah, Palestine) You forgot to include Lebanon. Also add Gaza/Hamas, and, why not, PA/Abbas.
Actually, Egypt/Sisi also said that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel/Jews.
?&gt; Seriously, you really expect that after such a sharp increase and so many records, that it will continue with the same growth? &gt; &gt; No, I don't. You seem to. You seem to think that it DID continue with the same growth, when it did not. No. You are the one who said "But growth is currently below average". I expect the growth in the stock market to be below the average of Trump's first year. ACTUALLY, I expect a correction. &gt;&gt; The GDP in the USA is going up, and in China, it goes down. So don't worry about China dragging the USA down. &gt; &gt;...nothing you just said gave any reason to believe that. Yes... I know... you expect the worse under Trump and are so sad, depressed and upset about the good news in Trump's economy, because "Trump!". I feel so sorry for you. Anyway, back to China: so far the news get worse in China, and better in the USA. You think (and hope) that good economic news in China is, for some reason, good also for the USA. China's good news in the last 10 years were at the expense of the USA industry and leadership in R&amp;D. &gt;&gt; How many presidents achieved that? I asked you to check. &gt; &gt; Growth in one year and negative growth in the next? I'd bet a lot of presidents did that, Why not check it, instead of betting on it? &gt; The S&amp;P 500 was 2,695.81 to start the year. At close of business today it was 2,506.96. Today is 12/20/18. On 12/4/18, the S&amp;P500 was 2800, which is ABOVE the start of the year. Yes, today it's down to 2506, below the start of the year. Are you happy, because, surely, it's Trump's fault?
&gt; I am NOT saying all this is due to Obama. I am saying Trump inherited a pretty strong economy and made it stronger. Good! No need to say anything else. Be happy now!
Just remember that the GOP will replace Obamacare with something better that you can't take advantage off, because, if you don't know, healthcare costs money.
Sssssuuuuureeeee... and Obama/Democrats gave the wonderful "Affordable" Care Act, which, according to you, is, of course, the GOP fault - they forced him to do that. &gt; No you needn't be poor. Obamacare is based on income not assets. I know that. And I know that in order to milk the system, despite all the money in your saving account, you make yourself "poor" income-wise so you can milk the system to get subsidies. What a great citizen! &gt;&gt; You are very good in milking the system, while paying as little as possible into it. &gt; &gt;Thank you! We have a dog-eat-dog system thanks to voters like you. Yes, I knew you would thank for complimenting you about how you milk the system. And of course, you do that because it's me and the GOP's fault. Suuuurrreeee. And finally: &gt;&gt; Trump grabs $1 million in taxpayer money most weekends by golfing at his own resort. Is that unethical? &gt; &gt; It's fake news! &gt; &gt;Trump donates his salary. All of it! &gt; &gt;Trump actually lost tons of money because he became a president instead of running his business. &gt;&gt;If you don't want to pay my $700/month Obamacare subsidy then join the Democrats in supporting a public option or single payer plan. &gt; &gt;And who told you that the GOP, or me, or Trump is against it?
&gt; You avoided answering my question. That does not lead me to answering your question. You avoided answering my question. As you said it yourself: **That does not lead me to answering your question.** #Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer. &gt; Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt; ... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt; Are you serious?
&gt;&gt; the stock market is SHARPLY higher since Trump took office &gt; &gt; No matter how many times you repeat that, it's still not true. The stock market is SHARPLY higher since Trump took office. It is a fact, undeniable truth, that you even admitted to. I am so so sorry that all the good news about the economy under Trump are making you so upset, depressed and unhappy. Almost everyone knows this SHARP INCREASE will result in a correction. &gt; The DJIA is up 17.7% since Jan 20, 2017. That's almost 2 years. That a Meh increase. I am so so so sorry that you are so sad, upset and depressed that the stock market gained 17% in 2 years... because "Trump!". You will need to deal those feelings of sadness and depression because Trump is doing well with economy, at least until 2024, when Trump leaves the office. &gt;&gt; Tell us one thing that Trump did that hurt the economy! &gt; &gt; Only one? Trade wars. Soaring deficits. First, soaring deficit: Obama DOUBLED, again, DOUBLED the national debt. Trump in his 2 years, increased it very little. As for "trade wars": seem to work for me and for the USA! China is in trouble, and the USA is doing very well with jobs, GDP, stock market, consumer confidence, rates of poverty, record low unemployment and all the other things that make you so sad and depressed because "Trump!". #Tell us one thing that Trump did that hurt the economy!
&gt; I asked you first and you ignored my question. Yes, I said, "No! I will not answer! Google it instead - it's common knowledge." Now: #Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer. &gt; Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt; ... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt; Are you serious?
It's insanity to raise rates while the stock market goes down. &gt; Stocks could lose half of their value and still be subsidized by future taxpayers. What kind of nonsense is that? &gt; The Fed's best choice for the long run is to pop the bubble now. Really? You said it yourself? The Fed's job is to cause market crashes? FYI, when it comes to interest rates, the Fed's choice and role is only to stop inflation. And when the economy goes down, as in the Obama era, it is to lower rates.
In summary, you agree that Trump has done great job with the economy, but, this makes you sad, depressed and upset, because "Trump!". As for China, I did not want to put it bluntly until now, but China is an economic ENEMY of the USA, in all respect, from stealing technology, playing with their currency to make exports better, selling below cost to destroy competitors, stealing jobs, etc. As for Presidents and their first year performance: no, YOU check it because you made the claim that Trump is terrible. I will NOT check it for you. I know the truth. As for S&amp;P500, it's down this year, on in last 10 days. And the main reason for this: the FED raising, today, the interest rate WHILE the stock market is down, in exact opposite to Trump wishes. The FED is doing it ON PURPOSE to harm Trump. No other reason. &gt;&gt; Are you happy, because, surely, it's Trump's fault? &gt; &gt; Why do you think I'm so anti-Trump? If you were not anti-Trump, we would not have this long discussion. Do you support Trump, at least from economy perspective? Just "Yes" or "No". Please answer.
I asked for FIRST YEAR in office. And also, according to you, earlier, Trump first year is 17%. Now, do the homework again!
The Market is an excellent reflection of the economy. The Market is confidence in the economic plans of the President, Trump. The Market, AND the Economy are doing well: RECORD stock market since took office, LOWEST unemployment, EXCELLENT GDP, BEST consumer confidence, etc, etc.
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer. &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer. &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? ‘&gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
As I wrote above: &gt;I agree with you! The US Stock Market is in the top of a very long bull market... therefore it will go down. But because the economy is in such a good shape and low unemployment, it will be just a short lived correction. Remember: the FED.decided to raise interest rate during a downturn, last week, against Trump wishes, and, in my opinion, they did it in contemp to Trump and caused this slide
&gt;&gt;the stock market is SHARPLY higher since Trump took office &gt;No matter how many times you repeat that, it's still not true. The stock market is SHARPLY higher since Trump took office. As you said it: &gt; As I type this, the DJIA is up 11.6% in the slightly less than 2 years since he took office. Remember: the FED decided to raise interest rates last week during a downturn, against the wishes of Trump, and clearly in my opinion, in stupid contempt to Trump, causing this slide. Don’t worry! The Trump economy is great and in the right direction. It will be a short lived correction. I am planning to buy ton of stocks soon.
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
&gt;As I type this, the DJIA is up 11.6% in the slightly less than 2 years since he took office. &gt;That is not SHARPLY. 11%, after a long bull market, is sharply higher. And 3 weeks ago it was 17%. Especially for someone like you who except total destruction of the economy due to “Trump!” &gt; You're right, we're in a downturn. Take my advice: it will be a short-lived correction. Buy tons of stocks soon!!!! Trump is great with the economy and overall.
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
Arabs are from Arabia ... excep “Palestinians” who are not Arabs because they are Canaanites
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer: &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Don't avoid the answer! Trump knows how to cut better deals and how to run an economy. &gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Trump knows how to cut better deals and how to run an economy. &gt;How can we decide which is better if we don't know how they are different? I thought you knew that Trump did a worse deal! Google it! Or think: Trump would negotiate an even worse deal than NAFTA was? Do you think the stock market in Mexico and Canada went up after the renegotiated deal? &gt;&gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;&gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;&gt;Are you serious?
And that, my friends, seals the image of “Palestinians”: no Arab or Muslim country likes them. All we need is for the far left to hate them too, and we are done.
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Trump knows how to cut better deals and how to run an economy. &gt;How can we decide which is better if we don't know how they are different? I thought you knew that Trump did a worse deal! Google it! Or think: Trump would negotiate an even worse deal than NAFTA was? Do you think the stock market in Mexico and Canada went up after the renegotiated deal? &gt;&gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;&gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;&gt;Are you serious?
#Again, which one is better? Original NAFTA or Trump's agreement? Trump knows how to cut better deals and how to run an economy. &gt;How can we decide which is better if we don't know how they are different? I thought you knew that Trump did a worse deal! Google it! Or think: Trump would negotiate an even worse deal than NAFTA was? Do you think the stock market in Mexico and Canada went up after the renegotiated deal? &gt;&gt;Seriously? RECORD low unemployment, BEST consumer confidence since 1969, EXCELLENT rates of GDP over 3%, China in economic trouble because of tariffs, replacing NAFTA with a better agreement, jobs coming back to the USA, HIGHEST salary increases in 9 years... &gt;&gt;... and to you, all this is just "Trump did not screw it up"? &gt;&gt;Are you serious?
Indeed. But don’t worry: “Palestinians” , in their infinite wisdom will one day attack the left... to teach them a lesson.
Red pills for crazed Arabs.
&gt;you legitimately are a racist. #LISTEN! You don't know me, didn't know about me since yesterday and never saw me. You have no idea what race I am and what I have done in my life. Do NOT ever call someone "Racist!", "Nazi!" and similar words when you simply don't like something they say. #IS THAT CLEAR? &gt;&gt;&gt; I like Trump because he's honest &gt; &gt; No. He isn't. He lies all the time, just like you did right now. SSSsuuuuureeeee! And I am "Racist!". What other fairy tales do you believe in? Give me one example of a Trump lie? And if you have lot of time, I can give you a list of Killary's lies.
Anything but putting such a conference in Atlantic City, NJ.
&gt; Their founding myth was the nakba, and their claim to independence is the 6 days war. Stop right here! Yes, in 1967, Israel LIBERATED the local Arabs from the 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN, for which Israel agreed to. **If the 1967 event never happened, we would not hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them.** &gt; That's why their history per se as a Palestinian unity is mostly about a bunch of olive trees. And nothing more. &gt; How come no one knows what is the Arabic/Palestinian name for West Bank? The Judaic name is obviously Judea and Samaria... What?!?!?! Jews came from Judea?
As for Jerusalem and Arabs/Muslims/Palestinians: 1. The name "Jerusalem" is not mentioned even once in the Q'ran 2. Muhammad never been to Jerusalem 3. Israel was occupied by several Muslim empires, yet it was never ever the capital of any of them. Worse: the biggest Muslim empire created a new city, Ramle, in Israel, to be its capital. 3. Jerusalem is really holy for Jews and Christians. No wonder that Jerusalem was the capital of only 2 countries: Israel and the Christian state during the crusader period. Never a capital of any Muslim country. P/S: as for names and their origin, "Palestinians" are from the word Roman word Palestina which is from Philistines, which is from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" which means "Invaders". Also, Arabs cannot pronounce these words because there's no P sound in Arabic.
Yes, I read the Mueller report: no collusion and NOTHING, NOTHING was found against Trump. Nothing!!!! If there was anything against trump after 2.5 years wasted by Mueller, then Trump would be impeached. All the people indicted by Mueller had nothing to do with Collusion. They were all about taxes and lies to congress by those indicted. &gt; The Washington Post Junk lefty fake-news unreliable source. Spare me. Also spare me from CNN, NYT and MSM - unexplained obsessive Trump haters. #Please, Please, Please, tell me about ONE specific lie by Trump. Go ahead. Please!!!! **And the latest: Trump promised Mexico will pay for the wall, and, again, he kept his promise: this 5% tariff on Mexico will more then pay for that.**
I am sure "Palestinians", and Muslim countries recognized the Armenian genocide, am I right? No? Ok, then let's start with "Palestinians" and Muslim countries recognizing the Jewish Holocaust.
Great! We should put Jesus in the "Palestinian History Museum".
And again, thank you so much for the relentless and strong defense of Google. You are a good soldier. The point is that Google needs and employs many many many many many people, but, being cheap, despite record profits, it uses temps, contractors, and other methods to reduce the "cost" of full-time employees. As for you claim that Google is not so innovative anymore, is possible, just possible, any chance, because they use temps and contractors instead of loyal motivated employees?
&gt; it is beyond my capacity to clear it up for you, because you don't want to know... I say the same about you, and I am much smarter and more knowledgeable than you! You are "Trump!" hater and have no idea why. **I asked you for something simple: give me a lie by Trump. Instead, you give me what liar Michael Cohen says about Trump.** #Please try harder! I need an example of "Trump lies". Please! Please! Please! As for Mueller: he found nothing despite working on this 2.5 years. End of story. If Mueller found something, Trump would be in trouble, which he's not. Now, let's use logic about this "Russia Colluded!" nonsense. Ok? In July 2016, Trump was chosen by the GOP out of 13 other Republican candidates. In November 2016 he won the elections. #Do you really, honestly, seriously, believe that in 3 months "Russians colluded" and made him win? How did they "colluded"? Send radio signals or put some drugs in the water supply to make Americans vote for Trump? #How did "Russians!", if they did, made Trump win? Explain! &gt; YOU are the real traitor to America You forgot? I am also "Racist!", and if this debate with you continues, with 99% certainty, you will also find out I am "Nazi!", "Far-Right!", "Homophobic!" and "Pedophile!". STOP BEING CHILDISH WITH NAME CALLING, and lies, in a desperate attempt to win a debate. **Lastly, I am so so so sorry that you are so upset, unhappy and depressed about the great economy we have under Trump, because "Trump!".**
&gt;&gt; First, and again, thank you so much for the relentless and strong defense of Google. You are a good soldier. Do you work for Google? I asked a simple question: &gt;&gt; are you Ok with more temps and contractors being used Google than [poorly paid] full-time employees? Yes or no? I did not get an answer. But you say: &gt; Google isn't enslaving anyone ... because it's forbidden by law! Does Google pay interns for their internship work at Google? The answer is "No!" (in almost all cases). Internship is the modern trick to bypass the anti-slavery laws. I also asked: &gt;&gt; As for you claim that Google is not so innovative anymore, is possible, just possible, any chance, because they use temps and contractors instead of loyal motivated employees? I did not get an answer to this either.
What?!?!?! You want a Politician to lie in order to get votes? Sorry, yes, among Democrats that's very common.
Yes, "the government" (in the USA, Germany) etc created this crisis: all the "protections", entitlements, labor rules, etc, hiring a full-time permanent employee is costly, and very hard to be reversed. Honestly, I can understand why some companies prefer temps and contractors. But, Google employs A LOT OF PEOPLE, highly skilled and in-demand people, and yet having most of such employees as temps and contractors is very extreme. I can understand that a company, in a changing market, hires temps and contractor to do low-level routine work.
Don't suddenly pretend you don't understand when you get cornered.
&gt;&gt; First, and again, thank you so much for the relentless and strong defense of Google. You are a good soldier. &gt;&gt; are you Ok with more temps and contractors being used Google than [poorly paid] full-time employees? Yes or no? &gt;&gt;As for you claim that Google is not so innovative anymore, is possible, just possible, any chance, because they use temps and contractors instead of loyal motivated employees? Please make sure you reply back to insist that you are just fine with Google because it frees people to choose between temp work, contract work or even, yes, even full-time work. Total freedom = happy workers.
Again, &gt; I am sure "Palestinians", and Muslim countries recognized the Armenian genocide, am I right? &gt; &gt; No? &gt; &gt; Ok, then let's start with "Palestinians" and Muslim countries recognizing the Jewish Holocaust.
Who did the genocide of Armenians? Muslims?
I don't know what happened to your post, but in this "Socialist" subreddit, even on my post, people come to the defense of Google, Apple, etc...
&gt; The violent tone is all what such degeneracy deserves We Jews and Israel are really really terrified of the "violent tone" coming from "Palestinians". It worked for them so well in more than 70 years.
Bernie's Socialism, and Socialism in general is the enemy of people, economy and countries.
Let's summarize it: 1. Muslims do a genocide to Armenians. 2. Muslims do not recognize this genocide. 3. But the issue is with tiny Israel that has to be the FIRST country in the whole worlds that has to recognize the genocide. Did I get it right?
Yes, I am more brilliant than you. Do you work for Google? I asked you before and you did not answer.
You hate Truth said by major Arab leaders?
&gt; "israelis" recognized the Palestinian genocide There was never ever a "genocide" of Palestinians. Don't make up things to win a debate. Go ahead and tell us about the "genocide" of "Palestinians". &gt; thnic cleansing, apartheid, land theft, genocide, child murder and 70 years of systematic warcrimes and human right violations. Never happened.
Ok, Eli Lilly too.
Again, repeat after me: Germany does not have socialism. It's a very capitalistic country, and with additional much higher taxes, they offer a bit more social program than the average. &gt; Could that mean that Sanders is actually a social democrat, No, Bernie is a "Socialist". He's not a social-democrat. He praised Venezuela for its "Socialism". Socialism, wherever it was implemented, was a total failure, ruining people lives, ruining the economy, and ruining society. Venezuela is the latest example. #Germany is not Venezuela. Give me an example "Socialism" that was success. Please!
LOL!!!! You know what word is missing in the long list you provided? Yes, the word "genocide". Instead we have "massacre". LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! Let's take the first one in the list: King David "massacre" - only British died, and because they ignored advance warning by Irgun. #LISTEN: if Israel wanted "Genocide" of "Palestinians", it could easily do that with one of the best, well equipped and highly trained armies in the world. According to Israel-hating UNRWA, the number of "Palestinians" keep growing. Israel is absolutely the worst Genocider in the world.
&gt;&gt;First, and again, thank you so much for the relentless and strong defense of Google. You are a good soldier. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;are you Ok with more temps and contractors being used Google than [poorly paid] full-time employees? Yes or no? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;As for you claim that Google is not so innovative anymore, is possible, just possible, any chance, because they use temps and contractors instead of loyal motivated employees? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Do you work for Google? Please make sure you reply back to insist that you are just fine with Google because it frees people to choose between temp work, contract work or even, yes, even full-time work. Total freedom = happy workers.
Yes! [read here - 14 things Bernie Sanders has said about socialism](https://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/14-things-bernie-sanders-has-said-about-socialism-120265)
&gt; I am not muslim and probably hate Islam more than you I do not hate Islam or Muslims! Where on earth did you get that about me? Israel has 20% of its population as Arabs/Muslim, more than a million people, and there's no hate between Jews and Israeli Arabs. Am I right? I am Israeli so I know. I hate Muslims/Arabs who hate Jews. And, even among "Palestinians", I doubt it's more than 40% of them. # You hate Muslims, and Jews/Israel/Zionists. Is there anyone you don't hate? &gt;&gt; Albanians, Malaysians, Chechens, Uyghurs etc. all have muslim majority, but what do they have anything in common besides that? Hate for Jews/Israel. Am I wrong? They also hate Christians. A lot Christians died recently in Muslim countries. Am I right? &gt; Syria is a secular country (and has been for 50 years) in case you already didn't know You know nothing about Syria! Syria's minority Alawites (Assad is an Alawite) are "secular" but they hate the west just like many Muslims. The majority in Syria are Sunnis: the craziest Muslims. That's why there's a civil war in Syria: Alawite (&lt;20%) versus Sunnis (80%).
See my separate reply about the nonsense of "Israel never existed..." &gt; Palestine always existed, Palestine never existed, fact(!!!), and does exist even now, fact(!!!), and not anytime soon until they grow up and learn to live in peace next to Israel. Who's the leader of that imaginary "Palestine" you think exist now?
Let them be unhappy. Jerusalem, all of it, is the capital of Israel, 3200 years ago and now.
Oh no! No Jews allowed... on temple mount and in a future "Palestine".
Bernie, is a "Socialist". The Democrats now are "Socialists". Venezuela is "Socialist". #What do you think we have in Venezuela? Isn't it "Socialism"? Does Bernie support Venezuela? Is he against Venezuela? The USA and Germany are social democracies. Any democracy is a Social Democracy to a higher or lesser degree. Even India. "Socialism" only exists and can only exist when there's no democracy. Venezuela is not a democracy (anymore). #Fact you never denied: every "Socialism" ever on earth ended up as a failure. Am I right or wrong?
Venezuela = Socialism. if you don't agree, then tell me what is Venezuela? Is it "Social Democracy"?
LOL!!!!!!
Some people are beyond criminals. They are criminally insane. They do not belong in society. They are a constant danger and harm to society. Non stop. They are better of, even for their own good, inside prisons all their life. #Something tells me that this gem will not get life-in-prison over this incident.
#First, do we have "Socialism" in Venezuela? Yes or no? Why are you afraid of answering? Do you know the history of Venezuela? Do you know it used to be one of the richest countries in the world? (They have more oil than Saudi Arabia!) It was a democracy too! So was Germany in the 1930s. Then they elected Hugo Chavez, the "Socialist", and, in the 1930s, Germany did NOT elect Hitler, but he forced himself on them. **The official name of the Nazi party in German is "National Socialist German Workers' Party", do you know that?** Nazis were Socialists. #What I am saying here is that "Socialist" leaders and "Socialism" have a very tempting fantastic promise for a better future and society, but really it's about anti-democratic power grab from naive people (like you) to oppress people. Bernie, CLEARLY, is a typical "Socialist". #Frankly, I am sure, Bernie is a Communist, which is even worse than "Socialist". Finally, nobody, including me, is against well funded and well managed social programs.
&gt; Wow. you just don't know when to give up. So sorry, but we Jews don't give up when are right. We NEVER give up. Never ever! We always win. &gt;&gt; I do not hate Islam or Muslims! Where on earth did you get that about me? &gt; &gt; Don't lie. I don't lie. Again, &gt;&gt;#Israel has 20% of its population as Arabs/Muslim, more than a million people, and there's no hate between Jews and Israeli Arabs. Am I right? I am Israeli so I know. . &gt; The only people I am not fond of are fascists; Good! That explains why you hate all Muslims. You think they are fascists, and, indeed, most of them are. &gt;&gt; They also hate Christians. A lot Christians died recently in Muslim countries. Am I right? &gt; &gt; Plane wrong. Ask any Syrian or Lebanese Christian Are you kidding me? Lebanon had a civil war between Muslims AGAINST Christians. Since then, Muslims learned a lesson. In Syria, Christians are only safe next to Alawites, but not in Sunni areas, the majority of Syria. For real, seriously, honestly, do you think it's a good idea to go with a cross on your neck in Muslim dominated countries? **If you think so, I will be glad to pay for a ticket for you to go to a Muslim country to try it.** Christians are only safe in a Christian majority country and Israel! Also Hindu/Buddhist majority country. Not(!) and never(!!!!), ever(!!!!) in a Muslim majority country. &gt;&gt; Syria's minority Alawites (Assad is an Alawite) are "secular" but they hate the west just like many Muslims. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;The majority in Syria are Sunnis: the craziest Muslims. That's why there's a civil war in Syria: Alawite (&lt;20%) versus Sunnis (80%). &gt; &gt;That is exactly what someone who has a very shallow understanding I know more than you, I am smarter than you, and I actually know first-hand what I am talking about. #You just talk out of unexplained hate for Jews/Israel/Zionists. Loser!!!
LOL!!!!!! Still waiting for a list of "Genocides of Palestinians" which actually contain the word "Genocide". &gt; How do you think genocides are carried out lmao? The Israeli style of Genocide is very very very very very very slow. So slow, that "Palestinian" population keeps growing in the last 70 years. At the current rate, according to my calculation, this "Genocide" will continue for ever, until the last "Palestinian" is gone. This slow "Genocide" is because, despite having one of the best of armies in the world, well equipped and highly trained, Israeli keep missing when they shoot "Palestinians". "Palestinians" should take advantage of the inept Israeli army and instead of empty threats to "Kill all the Jews and destroy Israel" and go and storm Israel, Kill all the Jews and Destroy Israel. As and Israeli, I am so terrified of that happening.
Again: &gt; you guys only dare to oppose little children The difference between Jews and "Palestinians" is when it rains, a Jewish mom does not her child out, but "Palestinians" put their children in front of them, facing the border fence in front of an armed army, to score some PR points. #If Israel wanted to kill children, it could do a much better job with one of the best, well equipped, highly trained armies in the world. Finally: #We Jews and Israel are really really terrified of the "violent tone" coming from "Palestinians". After all, it worked for them so well in more than 70 years.
Again, &gt; Israel was never a country before Israel is a country since 1200BC. A "Palestine" country never existed. Deal with it! &gt; Palestinians have tons of achievements, look at their diaspora outside the ME. LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!! The only "achievement" you can think about for "Palestinians" is when they escape the tyranny of Hamas and PA and live in the free Western world. LOL!!!! LOL!!!! Surely we can compare their 70 years of "achievements" to what Israeli achieve in one month. Again: Israel as a country existed since 1200BC, when in the whole world, there were 4 countries: Israel, Egypt and probably China and India. Israel as a country exists now, celebrating more than 70 years of new independence. A "Palestine" country never ever ever ever existed. And "Palestinians" are very good in accomplishing nothing for themselves in more than 70+ years, so no "Palestine" for them now and not "Palestine" for them any time soon if they continue with their loser attitudes. #The only reason we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them today is because in 1967 Israel LIBERATED the local-Arabs from a 1948 OCCUPATION by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN for which Israel agreed to. #Tell me if one thing I said above is factually incorrect. Please!
&gt;&gt;do we have "Socialism" in Venezuela &gt; &gt;I don't know enough Suddenly you don't know enough. But you do know that Bernie is not a Socialist, and Socialism is good. Let's drink together for the eventual success of "Socialism"?
The key words here are: "could", "proposed" and "tax". Missing words: "cut waste and corruption".
&gt; Israel was never a country before Israel is a country since 1200BC. A "Palestine" country never existed. Deal with it! Again: Israel as a country existed since 1200BC, when in the whole world, there were 4 countries: Israel, Egypt and probably China and India. Israel as a country exists now, celebrating more than 70 years of new independence. A "Palestine" country never ever ever ever existed. And "Palestinians" are very good in accomplishing nothing for themselves in more than 70+ years, so no "Palestine" for them now and not "Palestine" for them any time soon if they continue with their loser attitudes. #The only reason we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them today is because in 1967 Israel LIBERATED the local-Arabs from a 1948 OCCUPATION by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN for which Israel agreed to. #Tell me if one thing I said above is factually incorrect. Please!
Again, &gt; Israel was never a country before Israel is a country since 1200BC. A "Palestine" country never existed. Deal with it! &gt; Palestinians have tons of achievements, look at their diaspora outside the ME. LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!! The only "achievement" you can think about for "Palestinians" is when they escape the tyranny of Hamas and PA and live in the free Western world. LOL!!!! LOL!!!! Surely we can compare their 70 years of "achievements" to what Israeli achieve in one month. Again: Israel as a country existed since 1200BC, when in the whole world, there were 4 countries: Israel, Egypt and probably China and India. Israel as a country exists now, celebrating more than 70 years of new independence. A "Palestine" country never ever ever ever existed. And "Palestinians" are very good in accomplishing nothing for themselves in more than 70+ years, so no "Palestine" for them now and not "Palestine" for them any time soon if they continue with their loser attitudes. #The only reason we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them today is because in 1967 Israel LIBERATED the local-Arabs from a 1948 OCCUPATION by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN for which Israel agreed to. #Tell me if one thing I said above is factually incorrect. Please!
We "Palestinians" and Muslims don't care about other Muslims and even "Palestinians" if it does not involve Jews!!!!
That's nonsense! Obama went into office a month after the the stock market reached bottom in 2008. The stock market could only go up, even if my grandmother was the president. Under Trump, the stock market reach records, and much higher record than in the end of Obama's presidency. And the stock market is still close to those Trump records today.
Even better support my point: when you are at the bottom, you don't need to be an Economic genius for make the stock market go up a lot.
In 1948, Jordan and Egypt OCCUPIED land given to the local-Arabs by the UN, for which Israel agreed to. What's your point? There was never ever a "Palestine" that Israel could occupy a land from. And "Palestinians" were invented in 1967 when Israel LIBERATED them from the 1948 Egyptian and Jordanian occupation.
Never!!!! In all official papers during the British time, before 1948, it said in English and Arabic "Palestine", but in Hebrew it said "Palestine (Land Of Israel)". Want to see many many many pictures of that? Just ask for it... This land was the country of Israel since 1200BC with the capital of Jerusalem, until 10AD when destroyed by the Romans and most Jews expelled. There was never ever a country called "Palestine". And if you did not know, "Palestine" comes from the Roman name "Palestina" which is after the Hebrew name "Plishtim" for the Philistines (arch enemies of ancient Israel), which means in Hebrew "INVADERS". The Romans called this land "Judea" (where JEWS come from) until the Jews revolted and to humiliate the Jews, the Romans renamed it "Palestina". Arabs can't even pronounce this word because there's no "P" sound in Arabic. Check it!!!!
&gt; in Arabic it's falasTeen ... which comes from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" which means "INVADERS". Again: "INVADERS!". Arabs don't even have a clue what their name really means. &gt; "there's no P in Arabic" stupidity It's not stupidity. It's a fact. You don't even deny this fact. &gt; There's no rhotic "r" in Hebrew There are no words in Hebrew that need this type of R. We also don't have words with J, W and CH sounds - those sounds were never part of the Hebrew Alphabet. What your point here? &gt; does that mean Israel doesn't exist Now you are being really STUPID. Who told you "IS-RA-EL" needs to be pronounce with rhotic "r"? #Do you think we are Arabs that pronounce everything with rhotic "r"? Finally, **If Arabs wanted to be authentic, they should say "Filistin" (which they say sometimes), after the "Philistines" word.** **Israelis don't understand why Arabs insist on calling themselves "Palestinians"? It would be much better to call themselves "Philistines", which they can actually pronounce. The Philistines was a proud nation, with real history, recognized by Israel since 1200BC, and the whole scientific world recognize it too. The Philistines even occupied ancient Israel 3 times!!!!** #At least 99.% of Egyptians and Israels don't want Gaza (Philistines) to ever, never, be part of their country. You can have your Philistines country there any time, with one condition: be nice neighbors to Israel and Egypt. Until then, no "Palestine" or "Philistine" for you.
&gt;&gt; you said you like "Socialism" &gt; &gt; I don't think so. When did I say that? Spare me. So you don't like Socialism! Great, we can be friends. We both don't like Socialism. Nice to hear that from you. &gt;&gt;and Bernie is a "Socialist". &gt; &gt;Just the opposite, I repeatedly says he's merely a social democrat who calls himself a socialist. LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! You are so funny! Bernie says he's a Socialist, and you simply won't believe him. LOL!!!!! Oh God! Think before you right such stupid nonsense. P/S: I believe Bernie! If he says he's a Socialist, he's a socialist. But if he said he's just a "Social Democrat", I won't believe him.
&gt; I'm going to ignore all your other serial-killer-font #Fine! &gt;&gt;&gt; n Arabic it's falasTeen &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;... which comes from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" &gt; &gt;Do you have any evidentiary scholarship to support this claim? #Ask anyone, anyone who knows Hebrew, like me. #Bottom line: # 1. There was never ever a country called "Palestine" from which Israel "occupied" land from. # 2. The only reason we here today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them is because exactly 52 years ago, Israel LIBERATED Arabs from a 1948 OCCUPATION by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN, for which Israel agreed.
&gt; That's an emotional... That's a fact: after a crash, the stock market go up sharply. The trick is make it go up to new records since 2016 after almost 8 years of bull market. Trump did it, and you are simply very upset, sad and depressed about any good economical news under Trump, because "Trump!"
You forgot the /s
Yes, I have superior intellect, including about "Socialism". #Don't fall for the fake promises of "Socialism". Socialism was always a disaster for people.
#You can't accept or face facts, so you avoid them by claiming I am "trolling". Bottom line: 1. There was never ever a country called "Palestine" from which Israel "occupied" land from. Yes or no? 2. The only reason we here today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them is because exactly 52 years ago, Israel LIBERATED Arabs from a 1948 OCCUPATION by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN, for which Israel agreed. Yes or no?
&gt;&gt; I have yet to see a single Muslim country that is a Democracy. &gt; &gt;Turkey, Malaysia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Albania..... LOL!!!!! And N.Korea too, "Democratic People's Republic of Korea"? How come Turkey etc are so low on the Democracy Index? Where are any(!) of the Arab countries when it comes to Democracy? Any chance a "Palestine" will be a democracy?
&gt; Democracy is not just about having elections. LOL!!!!!!! Let's start with having free elections, and then go to the rest of your points. &gt; 1. All people are created equal Not in Muslim and Arab countries. Let me tell you about Women and Jews in those countries... &gt; 2. They have inalienable rights given by their creator Women in current Islam have rights too according to the creator? &gt; 3. Government is of the people and by the people I am sure that [unelected] Abbas of the PA and elected [terrorist] Hamas follow that.
&gt; I take it you agree that Israel is not democratic, LOL!!!!!! You are relentlessly and desperately trying to hope that Israel is not democratic. #LOUD AND CLEAR: Israel is one of the most democratic countries in the world. A true democracy. &gt; Muslim and Arab countries are not democratic Absolutely! No doubt about it! Not a single Muslim or Arab country is a democracy! Check the Democracy index. (I feel so bad for Turkey - they used to be close to a democracy and then elected an Islamic who ruined their basic democracy.) **And a "Palestine" will be even worse than most Muslim and Arab countries in regards to freedom, rights, liberty, equal rights, freedom of religion, etc, etc.** Guaranteed!
You forgot the /s
Lower oil prices is bad for the economy? Are you serious?
Seconded! Add "Capitalism and conservative views are not allowed, but Socialism and Communism is allowed because of their great Economic success."
For many many years, they tried to ~~fix~~ talk about the problem to get votes, attention/power... so they can become more rich.
Typical rich people like Michael want even more money... by going into politics. How did Liz and Bernie become rich? Did they invent something or started a successful business?
What Native American do you see in that picture? None of them is Native American.
Nonsense! U.S. imports from Mexico came to $372 billion last year, according to the federal government. So slapping a 5% tariff on them amounts to a federal tax hike of … er … $19 billion. Total federal taxes last year: $3.3 trillion. So we’re talking about a 0.6% tax hike. But the Mexican peso USDMXN, -0.2809% has already reacted. It has weakened by 2.7% against the U.S. dollar DXY, -0.57% in a few days — wiping out more than half of that cost increase.
So? Now China still have a problem: the tariffs cost them a lot, whether the Chinese government "subsidize" them or not.
I am sure that bestseller from Bernie is fantasy about great life under "Socialism".
Huh? &gt; citizens don't get to discuss immigration laws and non-Muslims can't criticize Islam. You want only immigrants to discuss immigration, and citizens have no say? Only Muslims can criticize Islam? Can they? Those 3 clowns should lead by example when it comes to "income inequality" - give all their money to be more like the bottom 10%.
Liz can't even tell what race she is, but surely, as a millionaire, she can tell us about income inequality.
&gt; First off, the stack market is not the bell weather for the economy. Nonsense! The stock market, with many records under Trump, and very close to the record even today, is the first indicator for confidence in the economy and the economic plans of Trump. Those tariffs with all the terrible things attributed to them did not affect the stock market. &gt; I’m pretty sure there’s no way to know what the impact of this will be with Mexico. Remember the reason for the tariffs on Mexico: because Mexico does not stop illegal immigrants going through it. So these tariffs will be stopped when Mexico change it's border policy. &gt; I agree the fundamentals of this market are strong, but tariffs have always been a bad thing for the US. Tariffs are only needed when the other side is not fair: Mexico freely letting immigrant into the USA (and through Mexico) and China/Canad having much higher tariffs on USA goods than USA on Chinese/Canadian goods. And with such high cost of those tariffs on Mexico, I am sure Mexico will do something about those immigrants... very soon. They already started to panic.
&gt; Source for center part The British mandate for "Palestine", homeland for the Jews.
&gt;anyone can discuss any political issue they want, and their personal situation (skin color, bank account, sexuality, or whatever) doesn't make them any more important or less important than anyone else. I agree! But when you preach for something, you should live by the example. Bernie claims he's a socialist. So why won't he share his wealth? He can't be a "socialist" while having 3 lake-front fancy houses. He's not a socialist. He's want to profit off "Socialism". Liz claims she want's equal opportunities. So why did she lie about being "Indian" to get ahead? How did she become so rich from a salary of a public servant? You can't trust her! Mike wants Justice? The fight for it instead of talk about it. He has the means to finance and fight for justice.
Don't worry! Eventually, Israel/Jews/Zionists agreed to the UN Partition plan which made Israel tiny and most of the land went to a country that never ever existed before - Jordan. Jews agreed to the partition, Arabs did not. Worse: Jordan and Egypt immediately occupied the people (Arabs) and the land given to them by the UN. 1948. ... and in 1967, Israel liberated those Arabs from the Egyptian and Jordanian occupation... thus creating "Palestinians". If the 1967 event never happened, you would not hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them: they would be occupied and controlled by Jordan and Egypt.
Seems that you are not Okay with what you saw and heard...
&gt; While they were occupied by jordan and egypt, we far from liberated them Are you serious? Are you for real? Do you prefer them being occupied by Jordan and Egypt with zero chances of being "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them? Or Israel liberating them and offering them to have their own country since 1969, with one condition: be nice neighbors. Their "leader" Arafat said "No! I don't want to be nice!". So no "Palestine" for them back then and now, until they decide to be nice neighbors. If you were Israel, would you give them a "Palestine"?
&gt;Bernie's an idiot for using the word socialist. If Bernie says he's a socialist, I believe him. &gt; As for Moore, I don't like him but I can't criticize his actions. He made money by selling products people wanted, and he is fighting for the issues he cares about by making documentaries and political donations If he wants income equality, he can show some example by getting rid of much of his assets and share them with those less-equal.
&gt; completely irrelevant as all these archaeological discoveries and whatnot are also part of Palestinian history. There was never ever a "Palestine" country. Am I right or wrong? What "Palestinian" history are you referring to? Who were the leaders of "Palestinians" before 1948? Any calls by "Palestinians" for a "Palestine" for themselves before 1948? Any difference in language, culture, looks, religion, food, customs, etc, between the Arabs in in this land and Arabs few miles away in Jordan, Syria or Egypt? They Arabs who invaded this land from Arabia, where Arabs are from. &gt; YOU HAVE PROOF GOD SAID THIS LAND BELONGS TO ISRAEL Why get God involved here? Jews has a country here with it's unique language, religion, kings, law, customs, etc, since 1200BC, when IN THE WHOLE WORLD, there were 4 countries: Israel, Egypt and maybe China and India. Israel was destroyed, Jews expelled, Temple destroyed in 600BC by the Babylonians. Jews returned, re-established Israel, capital is Jerusalem again, 2nd temple. Israel was destroyed, Jews expelled, temple destroyed in 10AD, by the Romans. Jews returned, re-established Israels, capital is Jerusalem again, temple to be built. See the pattern here? It's Israel, back then, and right now.
&gt;&gt; If Bernie says he's a socialist, I believe him. &gt; &gt; I liked him before he let Hillary cheat him and I want to say that's not true, but his praise of Venezuela makes that hard to do. LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!!! Bernie says he's a socialist, but you won't believe him. LOL!!!!! Instead you actually liked him and you just don't like him now, because he let Hillary? And here you are, in The_Donald, so you must have complaints about Trump, who's the opposite of Bernie the Socialist. Am I right? Are you a "Socialist" too? &gt; "We have too much inequality" doesn't mean "we should have complete wealth equality aka communism". Yes, it does mean that! Absolutely. I don't have the slightest doubt. **Anyone who talks and wants to solve "income inequality", also wants to tyranny to do that, tyranny that always comes with Socialism and Communism any where they were implemented. Don't ever doubt the true intentions of those "concerned" about income inequality!** On the other hand, People who try to fight poverty by giving jobs and bringing business are absolutely against any tyranny, regulations, etc. This is Trump!!!! "Income inequality" is not an issue at all. If someone is successful, owns a business, comes with new ideas, etc, they deserve to be very rich. People just do not deserve to be dirt poor, unless they are lazy and feel entitled. That's it.
&gt; They [Arabs] should also allow Jews to manage their vast wealth. No need for that. It's not even true! Arabs are smart and are very good business people. Some of richest people in the world are Arabs, and not from oil. In personal dealing with Arabs and Muslim in the free world, I find them to be very very smart and successful. Arabs just need to live in a free society (democracy). In 2 seconds they will also live in peace with everyone, including Jews. And in 10 years will be one of the most successful countries and people.
Shhhh.... shhhhh.... ! It's just an experiment to see how many Communists and Socialists will up-vote this post in r/economy. I expected that many will vote this up, but they did not. P/S: I am anti-Socialist and hate Communists.
We don't! It had one of the best rallies last week. The stock market broke many records under Trump and it's still very close to its record.
If you were occupied, and now you are not (Israel never annexed the land) + just because 1967 we hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them + Israel always offered for you to have your own country then you are LIBERATED. Also, all the Israeli Arabs, 20% of Israel population, more than a million people, are the ONLY FREE Arabs in the whole world.
&gt; I'm Canadian, at least semi-socialist by definition. I'm also a big fan of Karl Marx's analysis of capitalism. So you are not "semi-socialist"! You are communist. And you know that anywhere Maxism was implemented ended up as a disaster to economy and many millions of people who were murdered, the rest became dirt poor.
&gt; I want to see it [American stock marker] crash Because you love America and you only have good intentions? Sorry, it won't happen. Trump is great with the economy, and if there's a correction, it will be a short-lived leading to even higher stock market.
Originally, from Israel.
&gt; Liking Marx's analysis of capitalism most certainly does not make me a communist. It does! Do doubt about! A Marxist is a Marxist. &gt; I actually read some Marx I know that a communist revolution Let me explain you something simple: Marxism is incompatible with democracy, and can only be implemented by forcing a tyranny on people... through a violent "revolution". Am I right or wrong?
Yes, when you get cornered with inconvenient truths, facts and logic, then the other side is "troll". You are socialist who support Bernie. Socialism is a disaster everywhere it was implemented. End of story.
Here's the bottom line: Jews and Israelis deal directly with fanatic Muslims for decades and we know exactly what those Muslim fanatics are all about. Very soon, Canada, Europe and many other places will realize it too when their bubble bursts. So, in the end, Israel will have fanatic Muslims as the enemy, and also Canada, Germany, France, rest of Europe, etc. And when you have enemies, you have to fight them... (unless you are French)
&gt;liberation would be giving them an actual country Yes, total liberation is them also having their country. They could have their own country already back in 1969, with one condition: be nice neighbors to Israel. They said "No!" back then and until now. Remember: at least 99.5% of Egyptians and Israelis don't want Gaza to ever, never(!) be part of their country. Am I right or wrong? And at least 98% of Israelis don't want a greater Israel to rule over all the WB (Judea and Samaria). Am I right or wrong? Speaking of liberation and Liberty: do you think a "Palestine" now will be a democracy with human rights, freedom, freedom of religion, women rights, safe for Jews? Of course not! So what kind of "liberation" will a "Palestine" give to the local Arabs? It will be a terrible country like all Muslim/Arab countries around Israel.
I voted for Trump, and he's doing much better than I expected. One of the best presidents we had. You are sore loser who wish bad things for Americans and their economy.
&gt; many israelis want a greater israel, including gaza Very very few. And those few are crazy. I am telling you: whoever wants a greater Israel with more Arabs than Jews is, simply, crazy. P/S: Gaza, The Philistines, was never ever part of Israel, ancient and current.
As a Marxist, do you think Marx theories can be accepted and implemented in a democracy, democracy where people of different opinions who vote for different parties? Are you serious? P/S: Communism was a real success story, even today, in one situation. Yes, I mean it: Communism can be a success story. Do you where is that situation exists, even today?
Those sudden very short answers from you indicate one clear thing: You hate Trump, you have no idea why, you hate how well is the economy under Trump, and you wish the worst things for America in a desperate hope that somehow this makes America vote for someone else. LOL!!!! You will have to wait until 2024 to see someone else in the white-house. Loser America hater!
No
Imagining things now? Or purposely not understanding what I said? I said: "**Trump is the opposite of Bernie the Socialist.**"
&gt; completely irrelevant as all these archaeological discoveries and whatnot are also part of Palestinian history. There was never ever a "Palestine" country. Am I right or wrong? What "Palestinian" history are you referring to? Who were the leaders of "Palestinians" before 1948? Any calls by "Palestinians" for a "Palestine" for themselves before 1948? Any difference in language, culture, looks, religion, food, customs, etc, between the Arabs in in this land and Arabs few miles away in Jordan, Syria or Egypt? They Arabs who invaded this land from Arabia, where Arabs are from. &gt; YOU HAVE PROOF GOD SAID THIS LAND BELONGS TO ISRAEL Why get God involved here? Jews has a country here with it's unique language, religion, kings, law, customs, etc, since 1200BC, when IN THE WHOLE WORLD, there were 4 countries: Israel, Egypt and maybe China and India. Israel was destroyed, Jews expelled, Temple destroyed in 600BC by the Babylonians. Jews returned, re-established Israel, capital is Jerusalem again, 2nd temple. Israel was destroyed, Jews expelled, temple destroyed in 10AD, by the Romans. Jews returned, re-established Israels, capital is Jerusalem again, temple to be built. See the pattern here? It's Israel, back then, and right now.
&gt; look its our coins too. Jewish history is also ours. We just happen to have a richer history than other Jews You wish! But it's not. Not a single "Palestinian" coin you can show us. Please show us otherwise. Please. Jewish vast history is not "Palestinian". No history of "Palestinians" before 1948, and essentially, no history before 1964. Tell us about history of "Palestinians" before 1948! Please. Who was their leader? Calls for a "Palestine" for themselves, etc.
&gt;Am Yisrael CHai! Yes. Always was and is. &gt; PALESTINE NEVER EXISTED. Yes. &gt; Coin has been photoshopped. No.
&gt; greater israel without arabs Almost no Israeli wants that. Few Israeli crazies, and that's all. It will never ever ever ever ever happen. To begin with, 20% of Israelis are Arabs, more than a million people, and nobody wants them out of Israel. &gt; gaza was conquered ~160b.c by the hashmonaim First, the Philistines occupied Israel 3 times. The Philistines were arch-enemies of Israel for centuries. King David killed their leader, Goliath. And you are wrong: ancient Israel fought The Philistines many times, killing them and "occupying" part of their land. Not only Hashmona'im. **Seriously, are you going to tell me today that Israel wants to occupy The Philistines and rule over it?** Seriously? If anything, Egypt actually occupied them many times in the past, and in 1948.
I am partying and so does my 401K, and stock market investments. I am also partying because I earn very well: I am educated and experienced in a specialized field that is in high demand. Who does not celebrate, and never celebrate? People with no special skills for dead-end jobs that immigrants can do for less. Anyway, since Trump went to office, for the first time in many years, somebody want to protect American jobs so people will have jobs and increased salaries.
&gt; there is a clear antu arab sentiment throughout a larger part of the population Nonsense! There's no clear or significant anti-Arab sentiment among Jewish Israelis. Again, 20% of Israel population are Arabs, more than a million people, and there are no real problems between them and Jews. Do you think otherwise? Israelis (including Israel-Arabs) are only against the Arabs around Israel because they are "Kill all the Jews and destroy Israel". Do you blame Israelis for not liking that? P/S: Yes Israeli-Arabs are also anti-Palestinians for the most part. (Don't ever call them "Palestinians" - they hate being called that way!) Hence, more and more of them serve in the IDF to protect their beloved country of Israel against Arabs who don't know better. Seriously, given a free choice, why would any Israeli-Arab choose to live in a "Palestine" instead of Israel?
&gt;&gt;&gt;genetic relatedness to the ancient Israelites &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Jews are Jews and their homeland is Israel. Anything not clear or "incorrect" here? &gt; Ashkenazi Jews have European genes For real, seriously, honestly, do you doubt that Jews are Jews? Did they suddenly appear out of nowhere in Europe, North Africa and Middle East (Egypt, Yemen, today's Iraq, etc)? If Jews are Jews, then where is their homeland? Meanwhile, you do realize that "Arabs" mean that they are from Arabia, which is NOT the land of Israel. And "Palestinians" come from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" which means "Invaders".
When you get cornered and lose a debate, please ask about my Israeli accent.
You can always save some of your income into the 401K fund. Always! $100 a month for someone who is 20 will end up as $1,100,000 at the age 67 with historical stock market returns. Who cannot afford $100 a month? And you can even put it in an IRA if your employer does not offer 401K... for extra tax savings. If you don't put money in your 401K/IRA, you are, simply, an idiot!
A true story: some members of my Jewish family ended up living in Northern Ireland - Belfast - ran away before WWII to a safer place - smart! They were one of maybe 30 Jewish families in Belfast. So I asked my cousin: "growing up in Belfast, during the troublesome 70s and 80s, did the Irish ask you if you are Catholic or Protestant?" He replied: yes, they did. Me: so what did you reply? He: I said I am Jewish. Me: what was their reaction? He: They asked me if I am a Catholic Jew or Protestant Jew. #Just to show you that people don't even understand the history of a conflict, but they want to belong to one camp or the other to fight each other.
Yes. The quality of life for American today is much better than in the past, when people did not have phones, sneakers, color TV, A/C, etc. Do you seriously believe "poor" people today are more poor than people in the 70s?
No, you don't know what vast majority of Israelis think and believe. Again, Israelis don't want a greater Israel to rule over millions of more Arabs. Nor do they want to expel Arabs. And they only hate Arabs outside Israel who "kill all the Jews and destroy Israel". Show me one poll that shows otherwise.
1. This land is Judea/Samaria/Israel. There was never ever a country called "Palestine". 2. The Jews/Israel agreed to the UN partition WHICH GREATLY REDUCED the size of Israel, homeland of the Jews. 3. Jordan and Egypt occupied in 1948 the land given by the UN to the local Arabs. Jordan even annexed that land. But, of course, complaints are only against Jews.
Oh look, we have someone who does not like facts, logic and evidence if they support the Jewish/Zionist/Israel side. # Again, yes or no? &gt;&gt;Do you doubt that the Hebrew word "Plishtim" means "Invaders"? Yes or no? &gt;&gt;Do you doubt that Greek/Roman word "Palestina" comes from the Hebrew word "Plishtim"? Yes, or no? &gt;&gt;Is there a possibility that Egyptians call them "Palusata" after the Hebrew word "Plishtim"? Yes, or no? &gt;&gt;Do you claim that Romans/Greeks used an Egyptian word "Palusuta" and not the Hebrew word "Plishtim" to come up with the word "Palestina"? Yes or no. &gt;&gt;P/S: at the time of the Greeks and Romans, the ancient Egyptian language was already dead. Nobody could even read ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.
&gt; Stop posting breitbart trash No! Breitbart is not fake news like CNN and NYT! Breitbart says "UK Wages Continue to Rise, Unemployment at Lowest Since 1974" Breitbart reported correct facts here. Yes or no? CNN and NYT will not report this because it's against their narrative/agenda that "Brexit bad!"
I would never quote garbage "news source" (actually fake news) NYT and CNN. Nor would I quote garbage British news source such as BBC, The Guardian or Skynews. **I was quoting Breitbart, which much more reliable news source (American).**
&gt; herusalem is, not very pro arab Still, even the vast majority of Israelis/Jews in Jerusalem do not want greater Israel, rule over more Arabs, or expel them. Am I right or wrong? Jews/Israelis are very tolerant towards non Jews and Arabs in particular. But they fight and hate anyone OUTSIDE of Israel who hate Jews/Israel.
&gt; Breitbart is Do you have any doubt that "UK Wages Continue to Rise, Unemployment at Lowest Since 1974"? Yes or no? P/S: I am so sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news due to Brexit, because it's against your narrative.
&gt; I believe you are wrong, its not 90-10, but its definitly a majority, at least amongst older genrations... I disagree. The older generation fought the Arabs, but even vast majority of them don't want greater Israel, expelling Arabs or any pathological hate for Arabs/Muslim for being Arabs/Muslims. Show me a poll or research that shows otherwise.
... but in 12 years, according to AOC, the world will end! And according to Gore, the world should have ended already. So, I will promise to have NJ to be 100% clean in 12 years, and I am sure plenty will vote for me, especially if I threat and terrify them that, in 12 years, the world will end, unless I am elected. I will even promise to raise taxes to achieve that goal, like Murphy did in his election bid, and people, only in NJ, will still vote for me. And I will promise free everything too! First, and especially for illegals. That will convince lure even more NJ people. Who doesn't like free things? Once elected, the NJ assembly and political machine won't do anything, and I can blame them for why I did not keep my promises. Easy!!!!!
Guess!
Anything is fine with us as long as you are not from "Palestine" to know something real about "Palestine" and "Palestinians".
&gt; I have no poll, i have the general experience of ... I have the charter of Hamas and PA, and they call for the destruction of Israel and killing all the Jews. Now you have something real to deal with and be concerned about. In comparison, even if 45% of Israelis are for greater Israel or expelling Arabs, it won't happen.
&gt; Stock market is not a mirror of the overall economy by any means. Nonsense! RECORD stock market is a clear indication of great economy, confidence in the economy and, above all, confidence in the economic leadership and direction of Trump!
Yes, the "socialists" and "communists" in r/economy get really very unhappy, sad and even depressed when there are good economical news because "Trump!" and because good economical news should only happen under "socialism" even though there was never good economic news under any Socialism in the past.
Tell us something real that you know about "Palestinians" or "Palestine", please.
Do you doubt that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices"? Breitbart is not fake news like CNN, NYT or CNBC.
Do you doubt that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices"? Breitbart is not fake news like CNN, NYT or CNBC.
I know you are not pro-Hamas or any of the terrible leaders "Palestinians" had or have: Hamas, Abbas or Yasser. What's wrong with the law of Nationality? Israeli Arabs are not bothered by it. How is it "racist"? What/where is the law they are "anti" anyone?
Do you doubt that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices"? &gt; tariffs create an added cost for manufacturing, Nonsense! Tariffs are only paid by importers. Not by manufactures and businesses. Ultimately its China who pays because China subsidize its exports. The tariffs are a lot of money that more than covered for the Trump's Tax Cuts on business. Again, Trump's tax cuts. #Finally, my darling, most Americans support Trump and you will see that in 2020.
What!?!?! Arabs are called this way because they are from Arabia?
Well, federal taxes are unavoidable, so there you have the IRS to collect them. We need highways and an army to defend us. Some state taxes are also needed, but not NJ style of taxes to cover waste, corruption and total incompetence.
&gt;&gt; RECORD stock market is a clear indication of great economy, confidence in the economy and, above all, confidence in the economic leadership and direction of Trump! &gt; &gt; At best ten percent of the population holds any significant amount of stock. What's the connection? What does it matter if many or few own stocks? Most people also don't understand anything about economy. The fact that the Stock Market is at a RECORD is a clear indication, by those who know and run the economy, that we have great economy, confidence in the economy and, above all, confidence in the economic leadership and direction of Trump! &gt; The market is sky high because the Republican tax cuts allowed corporations to buy back their stock, Do you seriously believe this is the only reason the stock market is high? Nothing to do with best GDP under Trump? RECORD low unemployment which translates to largest salary increase in a decade = more consumer spending? Nothing to do with more jobs and products made in America? Are you serious?
So, according to your paper, how much did CONSUMER prices rose recently? What CONSUMER items rose in price?
&gt; Wow you’re stupid, Actually, Wow, you're the stupid. &gt;do you think that importers aren’t businesses and manufacturers? No. Importers are importers. Business and Manufacturers are Business and Manufacturers. Business and Manufactures may buy from importers. Importers have a choice: to raise the prices due to imports, and then Business and Manufacturers will buy from importers from other countries... or, ideally, from domestic manufacturers. Do you really think that everything is made in China? Also, you know that the Chinese Yuen weakened a lot compare to the Dollar, because of the tariffs, so the higher tariffs were offset to an extent by the strong Dollar and weak Yuen. **Anyway, you forget the main point: there are valid reasons for the tariffs on China.** China does not play fair, and thus the USA economy was harmed. This is now being fixed.
&gt;&gt; Tell us something real that you know about "Palestinians" or "Palestine", please. &gt; &gt; We were Canaanites Who is "we"? Do you know of one Canaanite living today? But, as you know sadly for you, there are many Jews who live today, whose homeland was Israel, and is Israel now. &gt; Palestinians today Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine". "Palestinians" were invented when Israel LIBERATED them in 1967 from the a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 LIBERATION by Israel never happened, you won't hear today about "Palestinians" or a "Palestine" for them. Show me one thing I said above which is factually not true. Please. &gt; Smurfians tomorrow Nuh! Jews in Israel with the capital of Jerusalem are here now and here to stay... for the future... since 1200BC, now and in the future.
&gt; welfare cost (reduction in real income) from the U.S. tariffs to be around $6.9 billion during the first 11 months of 2018, Do you know how many much much much more $billions of income for the USA we get from tariffs? &gt; additional cost of $12.3 billion to domestic consumers Assuming this is true, dividing $12.3B with 300,000,000 citizens, this a whopping $41 per person. Wow!!!! Wow!!!! What a disaster! &gt; This coefficient implies that for the average firm that imports 15 percent of its variable costs, a 10 percent higher input tariff causes it to raise its own prices by 2.7 (=0.15 ́1.8) percent. Seriously, do you think the inflation in the USA is more than 2%? And before the tariffs, the inflation was Zero? Read your quote again: it uses the words "implies"... "causes it to raise"... In other words this is an estimate/prediction that did not happen. #Cut the BS! How much is the inflation in the USA in the last year, or 6 months? **And, again, I asked "how much did CONSUMER prices rose recently? What CONSUMER items rose in price?" Please answer.**
Please make sure you always reply, because one day you may be lucky have some valid point. &gt;&gt; Do you know of one Canaanite living today? &gt;&gt; But, as you know sadly for you, there are many Jews who live today, whose homeland was Israel, and is Israel now. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine". &gt;&gt; "Palestinians" were invented when Israel LIBERATED them in 1967 from the a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 LIBERATION by Israel never happened, you won't hear today about "Palestinians" or a "Palestine" for them. &gt;&gt; Show me one thing I said above which is factually not true. Please.
&gt; We were Canaanites in the past There are no Canaanites since 1200BC and even today. If you know of any Canaanites, Israel will give the land back to them. Deal? &gt; Palestinians today LOL!!! There are Jews today, and since, at least, 1500BC. There's Israel in 1200BC and Israel today. Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine". **Am I right or wrong?** Please let me know. Please. But, of course, you will repeat "We are Palestinians" again and again until in [never] becomes true. #Please make sure you always reply, because one day you may be lucky have some valid point. &gt;&gt; Do you know of one Canaanite living today? &gt;&gt; But, as you know sadly for you, there are many Jews who live today, whose homeland was Israel, and is Israel now. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine". &gt;&gt; "Palestinians" were invented when Israel LIBERATED them in 1967 from the a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 LIBERATION by Israel never happened, you won't hear today about "Palestinians" or a "Palestine" for them. &gt;&gt; Show me one thing I said above which is factually not true. Please.
LOL!!!!!
Teslas went up because price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them. The price of products are calculated by Marketing and Sales as highest price most people will be willing to pay.
As you know, Tesla is not very profitable... so one way to solve it is to raise prices, unrelated to tariffs. And to justify raising prices, companies always find "excuses" including "tariffs went up". Did Tesla say "because of the tariffs"? Finally, was I right when I said the following? &gt; price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them. The price of products are calculated by Marketing and Sales as highest price most people will be willing to pay.
&gt;&gt; There are no Canaanites since 1200BC and even today. If you know of any Canaanites, Israel will give the land BACK to them. Deal?" &gt; &gt;I don't think you know how sht works. You know and I know that there no Canaanites since 1200BC and today. Not a single Canaanite exist. That's how it works! &gt; Canaanite as culture and regional identity are gone Yes! &gt; but their blood still flows in our veins. So, Jews have Canaanite blood in them? If so, problem solved! The land belong to Jews who are actually Canaanites. (I thought Canaanites were exterminated in 1200BC.) Oh, "Palestinians" have Canaanite blood in them? Do you have sample blood from a Canaanite to check if "we" carry their blood? &gt; There was never ever a country called Israel, BS! That's all what you get for this desperate lie you just made in order to "win" an argument. #Please make sure you always reply, because one day you may be lucky have some valid point. &gt;&gt; Do you know of one Canaanite living today? &gt;&gt; But, as you know sadly for you, there are many Jews who live today, whose homeland was Israel, and is Israel now. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine", am I right? &gt;&gt; "Palestinians" were invented when Israel LIBERATED them in 1967 from the a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 LIBERATION by Israel never happened, you won't hear today about "Palestinians" or a "Palestine" for them. &gt;&gt; Show me one thing I said above which is factually not true. Please.
&gt; Inflation last 6 months averaged 1.8%. Don't lie! First [look here](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi). The inflation for the whole year, ending in April, is predicted to be 1.8%. WHICH IS VERY LOW! And the trend is downward! And for the 3rd time, &gt;&gt;#"how much did CONSUMER prices rose recently? What CONSUMER items rose in price?" Please answer. What consumer products had their prices go up because tariffs?
Wow, you’re the stupid! "Walmart said on Thursday that prices for shoppers will go up due to higher tariffs on imports from China..." Retailers and Manufacturers always find excuses how to raise prices. Walmart also said that prices will go up due to the $15 minimum wage. Bottom line: do you know of a specific consumer product that rose in price directly due to tariffs? # The bottom line: inflation is actually trending down. [Check it here](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi). &gt; businesses are not trying to hide the fact that they are being forced to increase prices for the consumer. Since I am smarter than you, and you are the stupid, let me explain you how businesses come up with prices: 1. The cost of manufacturing is just the minimum base. 2. The price is calculated by Marketing and Sales base on simple formula: what is the maximum price that maximum number of people will be willing to pay TO MAXIMIZE PROFITS. 3. What is the price competitors charge for similar products. So even if cost went of manufacturing went up by 2%, the price will not go up automatically. #Proof: if the cost of manufacturing goes down, DEFINITELY, they will not lower the price. P/S: Hence Apple is planning to charge $999 for a monitor stand (made in china), and trust me, it's not because of high tariffs.
&gt; Jews living all over the world away from Palestine for over 2000 years can be Canaanites, If you believe there were Canaanites, then the only reason is because they are mentioned in the Bible! There's no other evidence or a written document or archaeological finding for "Canaanites". And if you go by the Biblical story, then the Jews exterminated all the Canaanites. Therefore, nobody has "Canaanite" blood in them. &gt; Palestinians who remained in their land over 2000 years First, Jews have been continuously in this land since 1200BC, also in the last 2000 years, and even now, in Israel. "Palestinians" never existed because there was never ever a "Palestine" country. &gt; ANYBODY can convert to Judaism If someone tells you he's/she's a Jew, do you doubt it? Is Israel the homeland of Jews? Yes, or no? Of course yes. So Israel was here, is here now, homeland of the Jews, and "Palestine" still never existed.
&gt; costs $400 to make and they sold it for $800, but after the tariffs were put in place the same item cost $700 to make You example calls for a 75% increase in costs. Yes, the price will go up, a lot. But Trump Tariffs, subsidized by China, with the Yuen being very weak due to the tariffs and the Dollar being super strong, at best, mean &lt;5% increase on certain item if they are totally made in China. I said: &gt;&gt; #price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them. The price of products are calculated by Marketing and Sales as highest price most people will be willing to pay. Trust me, if the costs went up by 5%, it does not mean automatic price increase of 5%. #And definitely, if the costs go down by 5%, with trillion percent certainty, the price will not go down by 5%. Give me an example of consumer product that went up in price directly due to tariffs! Please. Finally, inflation is actually trending down, less than 1.8% - [see it here](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi) How can that be if prices supposedly went up?
Shhhuuuuureeeeee, because you can't prove anything you made up about "Palestinians" and you definitely will win that way. Go on!!!
Nobody has "Canaanite" blood in them. No Canaanites exist today and for the last 3000+ years. If there are any Canaanites you know, Israel will be glad to give the land back to them. Jews are not Canaanites. Jews are Jews and their homeland is Israel. #Back to the original topic. The Roman-invented word "Palestine" is from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" which means "invaders". Is that true or false? #Please make sure you always reply, because one day you may be lucky have some valid point. &gt;&gt; Do you know of one Canaanite living today? &gt;&gt; But, as you know sadly for you, there are many Jews who live today, whose homeland was Israel, and is Israel now. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, there was never ever ever ever a country called "Palestine", am I right? &gt;&gt; "Palestinians" were invented when Israel LIBERATED them in 1967 from the a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 LIBERATION by Israel never happened, you won't hear today about "Palestinians" or a "Palestine" for them. &gt;&gt; Show me one thing I said above which is factually not true. Please.
&gt; I’ll write things in bold so I’m right! #I write things in bold because I am right. And you wrote what you wrote because I proved you wrong and you don't have counter points. Again: &gt; costs $400 to make and they sold it for $800, but after the tariffs were put in place the same item cost $700 to make You example calls for a 75% increase in costs. Yes, the price will go up, a lot. But Trump Tariffs, subsidized by China, with the Yuen being very weak due to the tariffs and the Dollar being super strong, at best, mean &lt;5% increase on certain item if they are totally made in China. I said: &gt;&gt; #price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them. The price of products are calculated by Marketing and Sales as highest price most people will be willing to pay. Trust me, if the costs went up by 5%, it does not mean automatic price increase of 5%. #And definitely, if the costs go down by 5%, with trillion percent certainty, the price will not go down by 5%. Give me an example of consumer product that went up in price directly due to tariffs! Please. Finally, inflation is actually trending down, less than 1.8% - [see it here](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi) How can that be if prices supposedly went up?
For all the close crony rich people who come visit him with their fancy cars to get some handouts.
Hey! Somebody has to work to feed all those who don't work and live off handouts!
&gt; “the price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them” When one day you study Economy 101, Sales 101 or Marketing 101, this will be the first thing you will learn. Also you will also learn that "**The purpose of a firm is to maximize profits! Nothing else.**" ... which means they don't simply add 10% to the cost of goods to come with the price of the product. They carefully calculate what is the maximum number of people who will be willing to pay the maximum price, for maximum profits. #You need to learn a lot about the real world around you!
&gt; There is no arguing with you, ... says the one who lost the debate. Again, Again: &gt; costs $400 to make and they sold it for $800, but after the tariffs were put in place the same item cost $700 to make You example calls for a 75% increase in costs. Yes, the price will go up, a lot. But Trump Tariffs, subsidized by China, with the Yuen being very weak due to the tariffs and the Dollar being super strong, at best, mean &lt;5% increase on certain item if they are totally made in China. I said: &gt;&gt; #price of products have nothing to do with the cost to manufacture them. The price of products are calculated by Marketing and Sales as highest price most people will be willing to pay. Trust me, if the costs went up by 5%, it does not mean automatic price increase of 5%. #And definitely, if the costs go down by 5%, with trillion percent certainty, the price will not go down by 5%. Give me an example of consumer product that went up in price directly due to tariffs! Please. Finally, inflation is actually trending down, less than 1.8% - [see it here](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi) How can that be if prices supposedly went up?
Again, &gt;&gt; How EXACTLY it "push" Arabs an Druze? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Give one example for an Arab or a Druze who was "pushed". Please. Please! You say: &gt; It has a serious problem, denying that is quite pathetic of you It's not serious and not an issue, except for few far-left Israelis, like you. Israel is Jewish, the only homeland of Jews. It's a fact. Since 1200BC. No issues for Jews in the diaspora and Jews in Israel to live with non-Jews. Even in Biblical times. Non-Jews in Israel have no real issue with "Israel is Jewish." No impact on them at all. Israel is free, freedom of religion, equal right, equality, democratic, advance western society. Why would an Israeli Arab have an issue inside Israel? Yes, Israel is great! **People like you irritate me when you constantly find issues with Israel, and don't care that all Arab/Muslim countries are "Islamic state of..." with no democracy and rights, and even European countries are "Christian countries".** The problem for you is only with the ONLY country that is Jewish, homeland of Jews.
&gt; post any link from any of those sources [what I called fake-new like CNN, NYT and WaPo] that contains any falsehood. Seriously, for real, honestly, be real: do you actually believe that everything said on CNN, NYT, WaPo, etc is always, always, true? Yes or no? And in contrast, Fox and Breitbart, who as you know, have totally different news, are always lies? #In this case, is Breitbart wrong and created fake-news of "Tariffs not raising consumer prices"? You do know that Fox News has more viewers than CNN + ABC + CBS + NBC. Am I right? Do you know why? Want an example of fake news from them (CNN, NYT and the rest of the MSM)? Here it is: "Russians colluded with Trump to win him the elections!" How could Russians change how Americans vote? Did they send x-ray waves or put something in the water to force Americans to vote Republicans instead of Democrats? In 2016, did you feel anything that unconsciously was pushing you to vote for Trump? Trump won the Republican nomination against 13 other Republicans in July 2016. He won the elections in November 2016. Do you honestly believe that in just 3-4 months , Trump managed to "collude with Russians"? Really? Today, do you believe all that "Russians! Colluded!" was true? P/S: It was a clever ploy by Democrats who actually colluded with Russians (e.g. fake dossier paid for by Democrats) to claim "Trump Colluded!" so all the attention is on Trump and not them.
First, again, &gt;&gt; How EXACTLY it "push" Arabs an Druze? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Give one example for an Arab or a Druze who was "pushed". Please. Please! &gt; chants calling for an arab genocide in the old city There were few armed bank robbers in Israel. So all Israelis, or most of them, or 10% of them, or 1% of them are violent criminals who rob banks? Of course there are few Jews who want to genocide Arabs! If you did not know, also among Jews, there are rare cases of complete lunatics. &gt; bullied constantly for not being jewish In Israel, more people get bullied for being fat or gay. Give me a break! &gt; an arab friend gets shit from his family for serving in the army Oh! So Arabs can be bullies too? Let me guess! Can I? Arabs bully Jews too, and much more. Am I right? &gt; Deal with the fact that its a country that has problems it needs to fix, Listen! In Israel there are much less "problems" between Arabs (20% of the population) and Jews compared to ALL(!!) Muslim/Arab countries and even European countries with their antisemitism and xenophobia, past and present. Israel is a great example, which I am very proud of, of how two groups, Jews and Arabs, live in great harmony. And in 20 years, when the old generation from before 1948 and 1967 is gone, Israel will be even greater in that respect. After all, for an Arab, the best place to live in is in Israel and not any Arab or Muslim country. **Am I right or wrong here?**
I did. I gave the best example of fake news from the MSM (NYT, CNN, WaPo, etc): "Russians colluded with Trump to win him the elections". Do you believe that "Russian Colluded" nonsense back then or now.
אז את יודעת ש"פלישתים" בא מהשורש "פלש" שפרושו פולשים. ולמקום קוראים ישראל, יהודה, ציון. לא פלסטינה שזה מילה רומאית מהמילה העיברית "פלישתים".
Sssuuuureee, the Muslims and Arabs in the ottoman empire allowed Jews to own land.
Who cares about Soviet Russia? It does not exist!
First, again fifth time, &gt;&gt; How EXACTLY it "push" Arabs an Druze? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Give one example for an Arab or a Druze who was "pushed". Please. Please! &gt; you are wrong here, no, you dont get bullied as much for being fat, you do get bullied for being gay here, Are you serious? Are you for real? You think that there are more Jews who want to genocide Arabs than Jews who hate and bully gays and fats? Really? I wrote to you before: &gt;&gt;There were few armed bank robbers in Israel. So all Israelis, or most of them, or 10% of them, or 1% of them are violent criminals who rob banks? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Of course there are few Jews who want to genocide Arabs! If you did not know, also among Jews, there are rare cases of complete lunatics. Let's cut the BS! Let's talk numbers! **So, tell us: how many terrible Jews/Israelis want to genocide Arabs? 2.5? 100? 1000? What percentage of Jewish Israelis they are? 0.01%? 1%? 10%?** And, in comparison, what percentage of Arabs around Israel want "Kill all the Jews and destroy Israel!"? My estimate is 40%, and according to their terrible leaders, ALL of them are like that. What's your estimate? #Now think: if Arabs around Israel (and very few inside Israel) were not haters of Jews and Israel, just peace-loving quite people, HOW MANY ISRAELI JEWS, if any, would want to genocide Arabs? Think!
&gt;Im not desperate, btch. You are desperate! You resort to "Canaanites", who don't even exist, to dig some weak reason for "Palestinians" to be connected to this land. &gt; I OWN the land Oh no! Those thieving Jews have a country Israel there for many years, in a land OWNED by "Palestinians". Tell them to pack and leave! You can prove you OWN this land. And since this land is OWNED only by "Palestinians", please make sure to ethnic cleanse anyone else! If you don't know how to do that, ask all Arab/Muslim countries how they did that in 1948 telling Jews to go back to their homeland. #Please, please make sure you reply back and insist on Canaanites and that you OWN this land. Don't forget to reply back!
&gt;Im not desperate, btch. You are desperate! You resort to "Canaanites", who don't even exist, to dig some weak reason for "Palestinians" to be connected to this land. &gt; I OWN the land Oh no! Those thieving Jews have a country Israel there for many years, in a land OWNED by "Palestinians". Tell them to pack and leave! You can prove you OWN this land. And since this land is OWNED only by "Palestinians", please make sure to ethnic cleanse anyone else! If you don't know how to do that, ask all Arab/Muslim countries how they did that in 1948 telling Jews to go back to their homeland. #Please, please make sure you reply back and insist on Canaanites and that you OWN this land. Don't forget to reply back!
#First, do you doubt Breitbart news that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices". Yes or no? Hey dummy: when faced with examples, evidence, facts, and logic, Liberals like you disregard it to keep the fake narrative they religiously believe in. The example I gave is "Trump! Colluded! Russians!" Never happened! #[Here's another small recent example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouK5ESoliiQ)
Yes, I took the word "pushed" literary, because "push" means "push", a physical aggressive act AGAINST someone. &gt; just the hard orthodox jews ... not all, but many So, if you are right, just hard Orthodox Jews are for Genocide of Arabs. And they a very small part of Israeli society, less than 20% which are Arabs. Even you admit that not all of them, but "many". How many? 90%? 2%? Don't be shy. Give an estimate! I already gave my estimate that 40% of Arabs outside Israel and ALL(!) their leaders want "Kill all the Jews and destroy Israel". I will give my estimate about hard Orthodox Jews too: I doubt that more than 1% of Orthodox Jews want to genocide Arabs, and I am very very sure about that. I know hard Orthodox Jews very very well and I have one branch of them in my family. Hard orthodox don't even serve in the Israeli Army, don't have guns, won't take guns even if I give them, and always following their religious convictions, they will never kill anyone they hate, including gays, seculars, Christians or Arabs. The Jewish religion is very very peaceful. חוקה אחת תהיה לכם ולזר הגר בינכם. "You will have one set of laws for you and the non-Jews among you." Knowing hard Orthodox Jews very well I can assure "Kill all the Arabs" is by very few among them, and just cheap talk of some idiots among them. It will never ever happen and not a single Rabbi leader of Orthodox Jews will ever say or do that. So if the Rabbi does not say or do, ALL(!) of them will not do (but some idiots will say anyway.)
People of NJ: this is what happens when someone promises to raise taxes in his election campaigns and, despite that, you elect him. This kind of promises are always kept by politicians! Always! I don't recall anywhere and anytime someone who got elected while promising to raise taxes. Only in NJ. Other candidates promise to lower taxes or reduce waste and costs. They may not keep their promises, but, at least, they are sane about what a politician should do.
No thank you! We don't need more thought police and censorship targeting only conservatives.
That's total BS! The real story is that the insurance industry does not give discounts for cars with active safety features: cars that automatically stop before hitting another car of pedestrian, cars that automatically keep a safe distance from the car in the front, cars that automatically keep you in the lane, backup cameras and alerts, etc, etc. These cars prevent many accidents. Especially with the elderly and teenagers who are not good drivers. Good luck asking for a discount for that. Even if you add those systems as an option to your car!!! You won't get a discount compared to the same car without those options. Why?
&gt;&gt;Jews are unique religion, language, laws, culture since about 2000BC, and they had their own country, Israel, since 1200BC, the same country that exists today, capital was always Jerusalem. Short and simple. &gt; &gt; Country? Yeah, okay. Keep dreaming. LOL!!!!! The dreams stopped in 1948. &gt;&gt; Palestinians" claim they are from a "Palestine" which never existed as a country, and is a Roman-invented word "Palestina" that they can't even pronounce (no "P" sound in Arabic), a word which means "Invaders" because it's off the Hebrew word "Plishtim". &gt; &gt;Actually came from ancient Egypt in 1150 BC Darling, the Egyptian "PALUSUTA" if after the Hebrew word "Plishtim". Also remember, in 1200 BC, the Egyptian wrote that they fought against ISRAEL. Yes, ISRAEL. When the Romans invented their word, "Palestina", nobody spoke ancient Egyptian or could read hieroglyphics. "Palestinians" = "Invaders". &gt;&gt;In any case, there's not a single difference between "Palestinians" and other Arabs living few miles away in Jordan, Egypt and Syria: same language, look, religion, food, customs, culture, etc. &gt; &gt;You can say the same for the Natufian and Canaanite They don't exist for 1000s of years. Jews exist since 2000BC, and today. "Palestinians" were invented, at the earliest, in 1964. &gt;&gt; And the only reason we hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them is because in 1967, Israel liberated them from a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt of land given to them by the UN for which Israel agreed to. This is a bit longer story, but more simple. &gt; &gt;yawn Undeniable facts make you sleepy? Good.
What's so hard to understand here? My grandmother and even Obama can achieve a great increase in the stock marker when it is so low after a crash. And under Trump, the stock market reach MUCH HIGHER records. The stock market under Trump is still close to the RECORD under Trump. Add RECORD low unemployment, excellent subsequent GDP numbers, etc, under Trump.
It's mainly that the Dollar became strong and the Yuen lost value due to tariffs. Also, China's economy is not as great as it used to be, so China subsidize the tariffs to keep the Chinese economy and export going.
LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!! Prager U is "neo-Nazi" LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!
&gt; You gave false bs numbers, Give your number!!!!! What are you afraid of? If you don't have number, or can't guess those numbers, or afraid to state your guess, then you are the bullshitter!
&gt; Let’s just say there’s a reason Donald Trump didn’t run in 2008 Now you resort to conspiracy theories to win a debate. What does it matter that Trump did not run before 2016? Trump has achieved a great economy, MUCH BETTER than Obama. End of story. You just don't like Trump and have no idea why.
&gt; You do realize Palestinian is a REGIONAL identity Identity? I thought we are talking here about nations and countries. "Palestinian" for all practical reasons, was invented in 1964, or maybe, if you insist, maybe in 1947. There was never ever ever a "Palestine" country. A real nation is Jews, with unique language, religion, laws, real country that existed since 1200BC, etc. #Arabs did not have a single country in the whole Levant until the British drew some lines in the sand in the 1940s. &gt; thousands of years before Romans came LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!! TIL I learned that "Palestinian" existed before the Philistines, Plishtim in Hebrew. So tell us about the history of "Palestinian" before 1947? Any leaders you know of? Any struggle for their "Palestine" country? Anything different between them and other Arabs?
&gt; Palestinian, Philistines, Plishtim are the same fcking thing. Yes, and today there are no more Philistines and no more Plishtim. No more Palestina too! We only have "Palestinians" which were invented in 1964. We don't even have "Palestine" because there was never ever a country named this way. #But there's Israel in this land! Since 1200BC
&gt;&gt; Thanks to Capitalism, there are no filthy poor. &gt; &gt;As of 2013, about 13.5% of Americans (43.1 million) lived in poverty. Those "poor" Americans all have color TVs, A/C, cell phones with data plan, shoes, cloths, etc. Most of them suffer from obesity. Really, most "poor" Americans are obese. Poverty is relative. A real poor American is someone who can't afford cell phone with data plans, and hardly we have any such Americans. You want to see real poor? Go to Africa or few places in Asia. &gt; Ford didnt come up with the idea of the weekend rest, businesses were doing it in the US in 1908 (almost 20 years before ford), although it wasnt standard until the labour unions So Ford did it first, before Unions ask for it, and before it became so common due to Ford, that it became a law ENACTED BY POLITICIANS. What about Ford paying more? What about Ford employing people of color? &gt;&gt; It was capitalist and industrialist Henry Kaiser, and not unions, who came with the idea of health insurance for employees (Kaiser Permanente). &gt; &gt;And it has consistently and significantly underperformed socialised But Kaiser came with this idea and made it happen before "Socialism" and Unions. Am I right? &gt;&gt; It emperor Otto Von-Bismark, not unions, who came with the idea Social Security. &gt; &gt;What, are you a supporter of autocratic empires as... No. I am showing you that you don't need "Socialism" and Unions to come with these idea and actually implement them. #I am mainly showing you that unions are not so much for the workers as much as they are for the Union bosses and their corrupt way. Bismark, Ford and Kaiser were better for labor laws than unions.
ISRAEL WAS A COUNTRY SINCE 1200BC WHEN IN THE WHOLE WORLD THERE WERE 4 COUNTRIES: Israel, Egypt, and maybe China and India. Israel with the capital of Jerusalem was destroyed, temple was destroyed, and Jews expelled in 600BC by the Babylonians. Jews returned and re-established Israel, new Temple, Jerusalem the capital. Israel with the capital of Jerusalem was destroyed, temple was destroyed, and Jews expelled in 10AD by the Romans. Jews returned and re-established Israel, new Temple will come soon, Jerusalem the capital. #DO YOU SEE THE PATTERN HERE? #ISRAEL WAS HERE, IS HERE, AND WILL BE HERE, SINCE 1200BC, and for eternity!!!!
&gt; racist When a liberal loses a debate, the other side magically becomes "Racist!" and also "Nazi!" and many many many other things. #First, do you doubt Breitbart news that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices". Yes or no? Hey dummy: when faced with examples, evidence, facts, and logic, Liberals like you disregard it to keep the fake narrative they religiously believe in. The example I gave is "Trump! Colluded! Russians!" Never happened! #[Here's another small recent example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouK5ESoliiQ)
&gt; All this time, i said i am giving the experience of living here, I have lived in Israel probably longer than you. My experience and my knowledge of Israel is different than yours. Again, &gt;&gt; Cut the BS! Give your numbers!!!!! What are you afraid of? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; If you don't have number, or can't guess those numbers, or afraid to state your guess, then you are the bullshitter!
&gt; racist Ssssssuuuurreeeee I am a "Racist!" and you are loser! I am a "Racist!" Jewish, son of holocaust survivors. Maybe I am also "Nazi!" too. &gt;&gt;When a liberal loses a debate, the other side magically becomes "Racist!" and also "Nazi!" and many many many other things. #First, do you doubt Breitbart news that "Tariffs Are Not Raising Consumer Prices". Yes or no? Hey dummy: when faced with examples, evidence, facts, and logic, Liberals like you disregard it to keep the fake narrative they religiously believe in. The example I gave is "Trump! Colluded! Russians!" Never happened! #[Here's another small recent example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouK5ESoliiQ)
Trump is right again. The fake-news industry of NYT, CNN, WaPo etc now in the treason and anti-American propaganda business. #EVEN IF IT WAS TRUE that the US is doing cyber attacks against Russia, why would you publish this?
Never mind Neo-Nazis that like BDS - we know that Neo-Nazis hate Jews since the 30s. No surprise here. I am not even surprised by Europeans who like the anti-Semitic BDS - large percentage of Europeans are antisemitic for centuries. It's about Muslims and Arabs that like the anti-Semitic BDS. **Of course, Muslims have nothing against Jews. For Muslims is just about anti-Zionism and anti-Israel.**
Fox and Breitbart is truth. CNN, NYT, WaPo are fake anti-American news to support Radical left propaganda including "Socialism". #For real, seriously, honestly: do you think NYT knows if the US do cyber attacks against Russia and if they do, it's a good idea to report about that? # You think this is pro-American or good for America "news"?
&gt; I have nothing against jews, and at the same time &gt; my experience of israelis towards arabs is mainly negative, like 80%+ Yeh, ssssuuurereeeee: Nothing against Jews, but, at the same time, you know, out of "real experience", that, no less, 80%+ of Jews are violent blood-thirsty animals who want to genocide Arabs. You won't find one poll or serious researcher or public figure who would claim "80%+ of Jews want to genocide Arabs". #You just exposed your true hate about Jews. You are a hater of Israel, Jews and Israelis!!!! Confirmed. I knew that from the beginning. Even Nazis won't claim such a thing about Jews.
&gt; You people [conservatives] are so hysterical about EVERYTHING. Nuh. You Liberals and SJWs get hysterical because of one nest - surely if the concert continued, it will be the End of the World. #There's a another nest next to the GSP. Let's shut-down the GSP too!!!
&gt; Arab did not originate in Arabia. LOL!!!!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! &gt; Arabians were Arabized Poor "Arabs" who just Arabized! Arabs and not real Arabs. Just Arabized. #Tell Arabs that they are not real Arabs, just Arabized. I dare you! Hey, probably those Arabized Arabs are actually true Canaanites, am I right? (You don't even realize how stupid you sound with what you write! Read before you write anything!) # But, Jews are Jews, with their own unique country, language, religion, laws etc. In comparison, Arabs are just Arabized, and never had a single country in the whole Levant until the British drew lines for them in the sand.
&lt;&gt; Those "poor" Americans all have color TVs, A/C, cell phones with data plan, shoes, cloths, etc. &gt; &gt; Oh they have a bunch of things, some of which are basic goods like clothing and shoes, do they? I am talking about fancy sneakers, designer clothing, and above all cell phones with data plans, A/C and color TVs. &gt;&gt; Most of them suffer from obesity. Really, most "poor" Americans are obese. &gt; &gt;I'm not sure how pointing out the obesity epidemic caused in large part by rent-seeking agribusiness conglomerates supports your claims. Sssssuuuuureeeee. It's always someone else fault that you are obese, even when you are "poor" and supposed to not have money for food or hungry. &gt;&gt;So Ford did it first &gt; &gt; Ford did it 20 years after the people who did it first. Do NOT lie to win a debate! And in any case, the MAIN POINT/FACT is that Ford, an capitalists and industrialist wanted good things for workers. #Capitalism cannot succeed if people are poor. It is based on a thriving economy of consumption!!! &gt;&gt;it became a law ENACTED BY POLITICIANS. &gt; &gt;due to pressure from unions No! It was by politicians! And it was in order to win votes. Because workers got those benefits from their capitalistic industrialist bosses and liked it. &gt;&gt; What about Ford paying more? What about Ford employing people of color? &gt; &gt;I didnt address them because they dont really contradict my point. You did not address it because you know the truth: Unions were not leading the demands to employ people of color, weekend rest or paying more. Unions actually want workers to be poor because then they will unionize with the promise of union fat and corrupt bosses to get paid more. Do you think that well-earning workers and well-treated workers would want to unionize? &gt;&gt;I am showing you that you don't need "Socialism" and Unions to come with these idea and actually implement them. &gt; &gt;So why did you use for your example a man who implemented massive socialist reforms and created an economy dominated by huge and successful unions? LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! Ford, Kaiser and Bismark were "Socialists". LOL!!!!! LOL!!!! Again, remember: #Capitalism cannot succeed if people are poor. It is based on a thriving economy of consumption!!!
&gt; There is nothing special about the fact that Israel existed some time ago. ... say "Palestinians" or Pro-Palestinians like you who are simply green with envy and jealousy of the Jewish Nation with its proud history of having their country, while "Palestinians" never ever had a "Palestine" or nation of their people. #So even you say that Israel existed since 1200BC, and exists now! So what's all this junk about this land belonging to "Palestinians"? &gt; If Romans never kicked them out and the state stuck around till Muslims invasions, most Jews would have assimilated into Arabs Only in your dreams! Many nations are gone, but Jews are here since 2000BC if not before that. Where the Moabites, Babylonians, Edomites, etc? Jews even survived as Jews in many Arab and Muslim countries... despite the killings and attempt to force them to convert, until 1948 when they were all expelled... to Israel. &gt; Israel was created inorganically in 1948. BS!!!! Israel was re-established BY JEWS, a democracy from day one, because this land belongs to them and the British are leaving. What other country did you want in this land if the British are about to leave? #Remember: Israel/Jews agreed to the Partition plan to share the land with Arabs. Arabs did not agree... and got occupied by their dear brothers from Jordan and Egypt on top of that. &gt; No. They [Jews] weren’t expelled [by Arabs/Muslim countries] Do not lie to win a debate!
Fox and Breitbart is truth. CNN, NYT, WaPo are fake anti-American news to support Radical left propaganda including "Socialism". #For real, seriously, honestly: do you think NYT knows if the US do cyber attacks against Russia and if they do, it's a good idea to report about that? # You think this is pro-American or good for America "news"?
Poor Arabs. They changed so much! Forced to change. They are not even Arabs. They were Arabized. And to begin with, they even "Canaanites". But in comparison, lucky Jews were always Jews, with their own unique country, language, religion, laws, etc - nothing changed since about 2000BC. #Can Jews get some respect from those mutts mixed-breed disassociated group of tribes called "Arabs"?
&gt; Im fucking jewish you retard, I am more Jewish than you, more Israeli than you, more Zionist than you, more proud of being Israeli than you, and more supportive of Israel than you. You on may be "Jewish" but, lucky for you, you are unlike 80% of those blood-thirst violent animals Jews who want to genocide Arabs. You are so special.
Fake news is never Ok. So, NYT, CNN, WaPo etc is not Ok. Again: &gt; Is all news supposed to be pro-american or "good for america news"? News, by American media should not be fake Anti-America for the purpose of harming America. It may be a concept that is hard for you to accept if you are also a hater of America.
Your hate for Jews, Israeli and Zionists is easy to explain: you are green with envy and jealousy that Jews are a real nation since 2000BC with its own country, since 1200BC and they do so well. (probably The Jews do so well because they stole land and exploit the poor Arabized Arabs who are the only real Canaanites.)
&gt;&gt; 2 stupid birds are not a reason to shut down the GSP or a concert series that bring tourists, contribute to the economy and a cultural event enjoy by many many many people!!!!
Again, the topic here is: &gt; Is all news supposed to be pro-american or "good for america news"? News, by American media should not be fake Anti-America for the purpose of harming America. It may be a concept that is hard for you to accept if you are also a hater of America. And please don't give me surveys to tell me what news channel is least reliable. After all, according to surveys, with 97% certainty, Hillary was to win the last elections. #Give me an example of fake news from Fox or Breitbart! Here is the biggest example of fake news from NYT, CNN, WaPo, etc: "Trump! Colluded! Russians!"
&gt; Maybe JUST maybe the concert is the thing that’s out of place here. You are the one out place here. Even you won't shut down the GSP or the NJ Turnpike because of a nest. Am I right or wrong? You just blindly support a stupid decision about the concerts (plural) because a stupid decision was made.
&gt; Don't flatter yourself. I, like all Jews, am smarter and more rich than you + I have my own country with democracy, freedom, high standard of living, one of the most successful countries in the world. In comparison, Arabs around Israel are poor, no "Palestine" country for them, depressing and backward society, oppressed by their unelected leaders/terrorists, zero accomplishments in more than 70 years. So, of course you are envious and jealous of Israel... ... envy and jealousy are the main reason for hate.
Everything you got against Breitbart came from Politifact which admits it works with Facebook (Fakebook). Politifact is a left leaning anti-Trump "news checker". There are many examples that their "facts" are lies. Do you want me to give you some examples? Anyway, the two Politifact examples against Beritbart you found are about fire in California and who built Fall River, MA. Wow! Anything more important and bigger like CNN claims the open borders is not an issue, "Trump! Russians! Colluded!", China tariffs raised prices for Americans (did not!), etc? Anyway, to use Politifact own information about CNN, [see it here](https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/tv/cnn/): 1. 20% of times, CNN report half truth 2. 9% of the times, mostly false 3. 14% of the times, totally false 4. 4% of time, pants on fire, damn lies Grand total: 47% of the time it is not correct or actually fake. Continue watching and believing CNN, NYT, WaPo and all the anti-Trump media companies.
&gt; Hey, dipshit, the Garden State Parkway You animal hater! Don't you care about all MORE birds around the GSP and NJ Turnpike?
So Jews are Jews, nation of Jews, with unique language, religion, laws, etc, and their homeland is Israel and Israel exists since 1200BC, Israels exists now, doing extremely well, Jerusalem is the capital, happy Jews. Around Israel there are angry people, Arabs, because they are losers who never accomplished anything in more than 70 years, call themselves "Palestinians", even though there was never ever a country called "Palestine" and their name comes from the Hebrew word for "Invaders". And we also have you, hater, envy and jealous Jews, and dreams that "Palestinians" are the real Canaanites, as if this is true or matters in any shape or form.
Darling, we are talking here about ONE nest of 2 birds, who according to the rules of nature, their chicks will probably be eaten, naturally, as nature does it, by Hawks, snakes, or other predators in nature. Those 2 birds are totally insignificant for the survival of the species. And those 2 stupid birds are used by lazy state workers, who don't want extra work, as an excuse to cancel a whole planned series of concert with tremendous income to the state from tourism and culture. And I will repeat the above every time you reply to insist on something.
&gt; entire [Muslim] empire protecting Jews. Bullshit! It started with Muhammad killing Jews for being Jews - read about the Khaibar massacre at the hands of Muhammad himself. Seriously, for real, honestly, would dare to go to today any Muslim/Arab country wearing a yarmulke star-of-David or saying you are a Jew? Yes or no? Yes or no? (Not recommended even in Turkey, but in only in Albania and Bosnia (Europe) you may be Ok.) Jews, infidels, were never treated well by Muslims (and Christians, to be fare). Do not ever send me to read fake-news from far-left Huffington Post. Actually, far-left people are overwhelmingly Jew haters. Do you doubt that? To be very clear, I think that 40% of Muslims, at least, but not much more than that, are fine people who will never hurt a Jew. But the majority are not. So those isolated cases of Arabs/Muslims helping Jews do not have any significance.
First, what part of Politifact saying that 47% of the news on CNN is not true you did not understand? NYT, WaPo and the rest of MSM is not better. &gt; I never said CNN was a credible source. I simply said Fox and Breitbart are the least credible news media outlets. ... only according to Politifact. &gt;&gt; Anyway, the two Politifact examples against Beritbart you found are about fire in California and who built Fall River, MA. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Wow! &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Anything more important and bigger like CNN claims the open borders is not an issue, "Trump! Russians! Colluded!", China tariffs raised prices for Americans (did not!), etc? &gt; &gt;You didnt say anything about the topic. Classic goal post move by another delusion bootlicker. Don't play dumb and deflect! I asked for Breitbart "lies" and the best you could come with is fire in California and Fall River in MA. Try harder now. As for Politifact, here are example for their not-so-factual-facts: [Politifact Gives Obama Generous Ruling After He Blatantly Lied About America’s Gun Laws](https://www.dailywire.com/news/48024/politifact-gives-obama-generous-ruling-after-he-ashe-schow) [21 Lies Told By PolitiFact](https://www.dailywire.com/news/15183/21-lies-told-politifact-not-including-obama-got-john-nolte) #Bottom line: the biggest recent stories by MSM (CNN, NYT, WaPo, etc) are all fake-news: "Trump! Colluded! Russians!", Illegal immigrants are not a problem, Trump tariffs make Americans pay more, etc, etc, etc. You won't find these stories at Breitbart or Fox.
&gt; Smotrich Just so I will be clear, you think that Smotrich will genocide Arabs? &gt; i dont bother myself woth arab"s thoughs, I noticed that for a while!!! You only have issues with Jews. &gt;I care that im [a Jew] a part of a group that has rampant hatred Jews don't hate Arabs, otherwise 20% of Israel's population, more than a million people, Israeli-Arabs, would be in real trouble. Most Jews, not only in Israel, any Jew, just have totally justified problems with Arabs/Muslims outside Israel. This is not hate. This is being realistic. ... but, as you said it, unlike Jews, you are not bothered by Arabs "Kill all the Jews, destroy Israel". You are only deeply bothered about Jews, because, surely and clearly for you, they are confirmed haters of Arabs. &gt; If you want cold hard numbers, if estimation, 30% [of Jews are] expulsatory/genocidal You are a confirmed self-hating Jews, hater of Jews and an idiot!
First, what part of Politifact saying that 47% of the news on CNN is not true you did not understand? NYT, WaPo and the rest of MSM is not better. &gt; I never said CNN was a credible source. I simply said Fox and Breitbart are the least credible news media outlets. ... only according to Politifact. &gt;&gt; Anyway, the two Politifact examples against Beritbart you found are about fire in California and who built Fall River, MA. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Wow! &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Anything more important and bigger like CNN claims the open borders is not an issue, "Trump! Russians! Colluded!", China tariffs raised prices for Americans (did not!), etc? &gt; &gt;You didnt say anything about the topic. Classic goal post move by another delusion bootlicker. Don't play dumb and deflect! I asked for Breitbart "lies" and the best you could come with is fire in California and Fall River in MA. Try harder now. As for Politifact, here are example for their not-so-factual-facts: [Politifact Gives Obama Generous Ruling After He Blatantly Lied About America’s Gun Laws](https://www.dailywire.com/news/48024/politifact-gives-obama-generous-ruling-after-he-ashe-schow) [21 Lies Told By PolitiFact](https://www.dailywire.com/news/15183/21-lies-told-politifact-not-including-obama-got-john-nolte) #Bottom line: the biggest recent stories by MSM (CNN, NYT, WaPo, etc) are all fake-news: "Trump! Colluded! Russians!", Illegal immigrants are not a problem, Trump tariffs make Americans pay more, etc, etc, etc. You won't find these stories at Breitbart or Fox.
You know that one nest of 2 birds is meaningless for endangered specie? We are not even sure if the will leave the nest because of some noise. Also species always got extinct in the history of nature, without human intervention. And we are just fine.
&gt; If you knew what clan I'm from A huge clan of Israel / Jews / Zionist haters who have no idea why they hate Jews / Israel and Zionists. &gt;Christian Arabs ... were doing very well before the establishment of Israel Bullshit! Total BS! Christians, for the first time, in democratic free western equal rights freedom of religion Israel, are doing very very very well. Unlike Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Egypt and all Muslim/Arab countries where they being killed for being Christian. Say it ain't true! I dare you!!! #Also Israeli Muslim Arabs are doing very well inside Israel, better than all the Arabs in countries around Israel. Guess why?
So? Do you know that most species got extincted in the past? Do you know that humans plant trees and forest, make deserts bloom, etc? Do you know that in nature, almost no animals dies of old age? They are being eaten by predators. Do you know that animals kill each of their own? What do you think happens when two rooster see each other? What do you think happen when alpha-Gorilla sees another male Gorilla? #Don't give me fake Drama that this ONE nest in NJ will mean an extinction of another species!
&gt; we're being persecuted and killed for being Christians. Who do you think you're talking to? Seriously, are you going to claim that Christians are safe in Muslim/Arab countries? For real? Yes or no? For a Christian, where is it better to live? Israel or any Arab/Muslim country? And of course, just like with Christians, Jews are also safe in Muslim/Arab countries? Or the problems Muslims/Arabs have only issues with Jews, but, oh no, no issues with Christians. #Even in India, Thailand, and other Hindu countries there are issues for the Hindus. Guess who cause the issues?
Listen! I know for awhile about your games and crazy left opinions / attention seeking. I asked you a very very simple question: &gt;&gt; Seriously, for real, honestly, would you dare to go to today to any Muslim/Arab country wearing a yarmulke star-of-David or saying you are a Jew? Yes or no? &gt; &gt; I have no first hand experience .... from googling it appears that there are actually working synagogues Don't play dumb and deflect with nonsense of "working synagogues" (used to be but none today in most Muslim/Arab countries). #Yes or no? Would you dare to go to today to any Muslim/Arab country wearing a yarmulke star-of-David or saying you are a Jew? Yes or no? The answer, surely, is "No thank you!". And this means only one thing that even you understand, but pretend you don't. **As for the rest of the crap you wrote:** I said that probably 40% of Muslims will never hurt a Jew. So there were always some incidents where Muslims were Ok or saved with Jews. Clearly, throughout history and ESPECIALLY now, with Israel re-established, most Muslims/Arabs are sworn enemies of Jews / Israel with a passionate hate. #The only reason for this unexplained hate for Jews is the terrible Religious and Political "leaders" they have. There's nothing genetically or racially wrong with Muslims/Arabs. It's all about what they hear from the their leaders.
Oh boy, my 401K is even bigger, and a RECORD in the stock market means confidence in the economic plans of Trump and the economy in general... which already translated to RECORD low-unemployment, EXCELLENT GDP, best salary increases in 20 years, etc. #The only reason you are unhappy, sad, depressed and complain about RECORD stock market is because "Trump!". Any sane person will be happy to hear about good news in the economy.
Yes, real ancient JEWISH history of ISRAEL, since 1200BC = 3000+ years, is not something to ignore. You can ignore "History" of "Palestinians" since 1964, when they were invented.
I know that you have twisted mind and strange way of looking at facts, logic and common sense due to unexplained hate for Jews / Israel and Zionists. But how on earth did you get to that "conclusion" about "Palestinians"? Yes or no: do you think a "free Palestine" will have democracy, human rights, freedom of religion, equal rights, liberty and freedom? Yes or no? No "stories". The question above is "yes" or "no". P/S: the luckiest Arabs in the whole world live inside Israel, Israeli Arabs, and they have all this: democracy, human rights, freedom of religion, equal rights, liberty and freedom.
I am not changing any subject. You, always, dodge inconvenient truth, facts and logic. **The original subject, as written in the picture is that a "Palestine" will be a typical Muslim/Arab oppressive country run by a tyrant, no democracy, freedom, freedom of religion, rights, human rights, etc.** Not a single Muslim/Arab country is a democracy, am I right or wrong? Yes or no? #They are the exact opposite of Israel with its 20% of the population being lucky Israeli Arabs. So why "human rights activist" are anti-Israel, pro-Palestine and want a "Free Palestine" which they know will not be free? Answer: driven by unexplained hate for Israel/Jews and total lack of care for "Palestinians".
Let's stop the BS! If someone says he's/she's a Jew, would you accept that, or, would you demand DNA tests? The homeland of Jews is Israel, yes or no? If someone claims they are Arabs, would you accept that? I would! Arabs are from Arabia? Yes or no? The land of Israel is not part of Arabia. Yes or no? Simple questions with simple answers. Answer them, and then we'll see if DNA makeup, purity of breed and other racist "facts" are something to consider.
&gt;&gt; Yes, or no? Would you go to any Arab / Muslim country as an openly Jew? Yes or no? &gt; &gt; I answered your question every time you asked it. No, you did not. No, you will not answer this question ever. Because answering that question with "No! Never!" will force you to admit something. I will give you another chance to answer the question: &gt;&gt; Yes, or no? Would you go to any Arab / Muslim country as an openly Jew? Yes or no? Then I will answer and address all the other crap you wrote. Deal?
Loser!
Why /u/incendiaryblizzard does not come HERE to defend himself/herself/zeself? What his/her/ze fear?
So true!!!!! You nailed it!
BS!!!! Tell us one "Racist!" thing with Trump. Please!
If you were smart, you would notice I am way smarter than you!
Yes, a genius, smart, successful, rich, and control everything like all the Jews. Totally unlike you!
&gt; booming 401/403 but if heavily invested in stocks, when the stock market crashes that goes too. No it's not! You know nothing about the stock market and have no clue what you are talking about. The stock market always goes up and down, with the economy which also goes up and down, but overall, the stock market goes about 10% annually historically. God forbid if overall the economy or stock market don't go up eventually. If you invested in 1929 just before the biggest crash, in 25 years you recovered, 1954. From 1950, the longest to recover was the 2000 crash, 8 years. 1975 and 2008 crashes, 6 years. All the rest took less. The fundamentals of the economy under Trump are excellent, so if there's a correction or "crash", it will be short lived. #The most stupid thing to do, the most(!) stupid, is not to invest because "it may crash". Are you willing to give on long term 10% increase annually because here and there it goes down? That's stupid. &gt; [Trump] con artist and quite extraordinary. Plus a racist... Tell me one thing "Racist!" about Trump. I asked many idiot liberals like you and never got an answer. And if Trump is "con artist" he would be impeached or in jail. Tell me about "Crime!" by Trump. #Lastly, please stay out of the stock market so more gains will go to people like me. Thanks!
Almost all human right abuses for Palestinians are by their "leaders": unelected Abbas in the PA/West Bank (Judea and Samaria) - he was never elected, and Hamas, a terrorist organization elected by the people of Gaza. All Arab/Muslim countries are not democracies with terrible human rights. Why would self-ruled Palestinians be different? In Gaza, there's not a single Israeli. They govern themselves. In the WB/Judea/Samaria, they have pretty good autonomy. Meanwhile, 20% of Israel's population, more than a million people, are Israeli Arabs, the luckiest Arabs in the world, the only ones to enjoy democracy, equal right, freedom, human rights, freedom of religions, liberty, etc. Do you claim human right abuses by Israel against its Arab citizens? Yes or no? If "No!", they why do you think Israel is interested in human rights abuse against Arabs outside Israel? &gt; retaliation on the IDF and/or government itself is not only justified, but necessary. If Palestinians retaliated against the IDF or Isreali government, I would say "Fine!". But in practice, for 70+ years, the "retaliation" is against Israeli civilians, including Athletes in the Olympic games, old man in a wheelchair off the boat, a 13 years old girl sleeping in her bedroom, women, elderly, children, babies and 1000s of unguided rockets into civilian areas. To begin with, why retaliate against Israel if the issue from your own "leaders"? &gt; I am not supporting terrorist groups in any way, as they are harming civilians, You are supporting terrorist groups because both leaders of the Palestinians, terrorist Hamas and Abbas who pay terrorists are doing just that: attacking civilians and promoting attacking of civilians. &gt; the Balfour Declaration should never have been made in the first place, Basically, you are against tiny Israel being the only homeland of Jews. So let me ask you: 1. If someones says he's/she's a Jew, do you doubt that? Of course not. 2. What is the homeland of Jews? 3. Arabs means they came from Arabia, am I right? 4. Is the land of Israel part of Arabia? 5. In 1948, the Jews accepted the UN partition of the land between a Jewish state and Arab state. Arabs rejected it. True or false?
#GOOD!!!!! I just hope you did invest just recently, when the stock market is very high.
&gt; I don’t have thirty years for it to recover, so have balanced investments. So stay away from the stock market, losing a potential for 10%/year because you are better than everyone and know that "Trump!" will have crash worse than 1929. &gt;Stocks are for gamblers You have no clue what you are talking about, and you just a paranoid with unexplained fear.
&gt; This doesn’t make sense Facts, logic and evidence suddenly don't make sense suddenly? Because they don't fit you narrative and agenda?
I am very sorry to disappoint you it was and is Judea, even the Romans called it this way, and plenty of ancient maps say “Judea.” This is because Judea was a Jewish country in that area and it even survived after ancient Israel was destroyed. Jews are called that way by everyone including Arabs because of Judea. Undeniable fact. Meanwhile, there was never ever a country called Palestine and “West Bank” is a name invented in 1948. &gt; israelis who transliterated the word to Arabic. Tell that to Arabs! Even they will tell you it's the dumbest thing they ever heard.
... totally unexpected!
I am not rude. Don't pull the "rude!" card when trying to avoid simple questions. You are desperately trying to avoid simple questions which are yes/no or one-word. ... because the answers will ruin your anti-Israel narrative and agenda. Here are the questions again: 1. If someone says he's/she's a Jew, do you doubt that? Of course not. 2. What is the homeland of Jews? 3. Arabs means they came from Arabia, am I right? 4. Is the land of Israel part of Arabia? 5. In 1948, the Jews accepted the UN partition of the land between a Jewish state and Arab state. Arabs rejected it. True or false? **And to remind you of the original topic you raised, I responded as follows, with one bonus question:** &gt;&gt;Almost all human right abuses for Palestinians are by their "leaders": unelected Abbas in the PA/West Bank (Judea and Samaria) - he was never elected, and Hamas, a terrorist organization elected by the people of Gaza. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;All Arab/Muslim countries are not democracies with terrible human rights. Why would self-ruled Palestinians be different? In Gaza, there's not a single Israeli. They govern themselves. In the WB/Judea/Samaria, they have pretty good autonomy. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Meanwhile, 20% of Israel's population, more than a million people, are Israeli Arabs, the luckiest Arabs in the world, the only ones to enjoy democracy, equal right, freedom, human rights, freedom of religions, liberty, etc. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Do you claim human right abuses by Israel against its Arab citizens? Yes or no? &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;If "No!", they why do you think Israel is interested in human rights abuse against Arabs outside Israel?
I am so sorry you are upset that Amazon and its owner, the richest man in the world, are not paying taxes. Please be a good soldier now, and go to defend Amazon / Bezos.
Breitbart and Republicans, unlike Democrats, don't want new taxes. Americans want huge profitable companies owned by the richest people on earth to pay taxes. #Thanks for coming to the defense of Amazon and Bezos - you are a good soldier.
We do tax companies, as you know - this is the law. In this case, Amazon AVOIDED paying taxes using all kinds of accounting tricks. Am I right? Do you think that EVERY Company did not pay taxes like Amazon? Check: Wal-Mart paid plenty of taxes. Is that bad? They shouldn't? So, you think it's so good that companies don't pay taxes? It's Ok to keep $billions in profits and pay nothing, NOTHING? Because, surely, every penny they have will go to the employees? Do you seriously, honestly, for real, believe that? I have a better idea using your logic: how about employees not paying taxes so they can afford more, and then corporations make more profits (but pay taxes on those profits). #Everyone except not-for-profit should pay taxes. Is Amazon a "not for profit" company?
Again, thanks for coming to defense of the largest companies, most profitable companies and richest people on earth who do not pay taxes, NOTHING, over many $Billions. You are a good soldier. It's very simple: Somebody has to pay taxes, am I right? If so, do you think it's fair that only Amazon employees, who are not even well paid to begin with (despite the untaxed huge profits), will pay ALL those taxes? Yes or no?
Don't send me to search an read. &gt;&gt; So you are claiming that Amazon paid taxes on its profits? **How much?** &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; And so this article is not true?
&gt; Using “accounting tricks” to avoid paying taxes is fraud, and that isn’t what amazon is doing. Amazon is following the tax code and acting in ways that lower their tax burden under the tax code. I am talking about "Legal" accounting tricks to not pay taxes on profits. I did not say that Amazon broke any law. &gt; Whether this is good or bad is up to the individual to decide. I happen to think it is bad. Good, so we agree! &gt; I also think that arguing a point without understanding it is also bad. Oh, I understand very very very well what's going on here. And you agreed with me that it is bad.
First, &gt;&gt;#You are good soldier, coming to defense of Amazon and Bezos, the richest person in the world. As for: &gt;Everybody has a choice to work wherever they please. Where would those hundreds of thousands of people work if Amazon wouldn’t exist? As you know, Amazon does not pay well. So, do you really really honestly and seriously think that, for real, people have choice? &gt; Do you honestly believe there would be enough jobs to go around? Even more jobs! If Amazon had competitors there will be much more jobs. Amazon is all about efficiency = minimum number of workers and bad conditions. If Amazon was broken up or had less lobbying powers, there would be competitors and many more jobs to choose from.
&gt; no one calls the west bank yahuda except israelis; Of course! Because Israelis, Jews, history books and many maps know history: it is Judea. Arabs just don't like this name because it reveals the truth: Jews are from Judea. &gt; I never denied the fact that jews lived and had a kingdom in palestine, There was never ever a country called "Palestine". Jews never had a country in a "Palestine". Not even now. Jews live and lived in this land, in countries called Israel and Judea. The word "Palestine" comes from the Hebrew word "Plishtim" which means "invaders". And it refers to a nation that does not exists anymore in the area of what is now called Gaza. The Romans called this area Judea for a long time until the Jews revolted and then, only to humiliate the Jews, they renamed the area "Palestina" after the long-gone arch-enemies of the Jews, The Philistines (Plishtim). Fact: Arabs can't even pronounce the word "Palestina" because there's no "P" sound in Arabic. Instead, Arabs say "Filistin" ... which is after the word "The Philistines".
But it's Trump who colluded! Not CNN (gave questions to Hillary before the debate), not Google and nobody else who colluded (and failed) to win an election for Hillary.
&gt; I never claimed that Israelis do not call the area judea, I rather claimed that Arabs do not and have never called that area yahuda. Is there a word "Yehuda" in Arabic? Yes, or no? What does the word "Yehuda" in Arabic refers to? So where did the Arabic word "Yahudi" comes from? Don't BS! You and all Arabs know very well there was a country in that exact area called Yehuda, and Jews are called that way because of that country. And "Palestine" was not even invented when Yehuda (and Israel) existed as countries since 1200BC. &gt; it is purely just a geographical name of the area. Yes it is! A Roman invented name! Not Arabic or Muslim word. The original name was Judea and Israel. Even the Romans called the area Judea. They suddenly invented "Palestina" just in-spite to humiliate Jews/Judeans who caused them so much trouble. **The Romans also renamed Jerusalem as "Aelia Capitolina". Not a single Arab, and even you, will call that city in that name! Why is that?** Why not "Aelia Capitolina" but "Palestina" is fine? I will answer: political reasons because Arabs want the land belonging to Judea and Israel. Simple as that. &gt; First of all Palestine as I said before IS JUST A NAME, Arabs could've called it whatever they wanted and they picked the word Palestine. Fact: since Islam and Arabs invaded the land of Israel, Arabs/Muslims never bothered to create a single country in the whole huge area of the Levant. Am I right? Also, Jerusalem was never a capital of any Muslim empire or country. Jerusalem was only the capital of Israel, current and ancient + a short lived Christian country during the crusaders. Never a capital of a Muslim or Arab place. Only when the British decided to draw lines in the sand, suddenly we have Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iraq, etc - countries that never ever existed before. **So back to your "Arabs could've called it...": they could, but did not bother even to call it anything!!!!** Arabs are just disassociated tribes that can not live in peace with each other. Hence, we have a civil war in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, etc. Only the British made them into new nations. You can only envy the Jews: a true nation, with unique religion, language, laws, customs, country, a country since 1200BC. #... that's the source of the hate most Arabs/Muslim have towards Jews: envy and jealousy about the nation of Jews, their success and achievements.
So all taxes should be paid by the little and simple employed people and huge companies with hug profits owned by the richest people on earth pay nothing?
LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!!! You are such a brainwashed "Pro-Palestinian" that you can't even see who are the sworn enemies of LGBT. # No wonder that you also think Palestinians have nothing against Jews for being Jews.
Because they are beyond dumb.
The government is by the people, for the people. So, are you Ok that "the government" is Ok with Amazon paying nothing in taxes? Don't avoid the obvious answer.
Who is "he"? Cory Booker hates Israel and easily falls for any stupid idea that Israel haters come up with. Do you really believe that Palestine is a feminist issue?
Who's talking about payroll taxes here? You can't avoid paying payroll taxes even if you are Not For Profit organization. We are talking here about taxes on [HUUUUUGGGGE] profits. #You are good soldier who defend Amazon and the Bezos, the richest man on earth!
Again, &gt;&gt; So all taxes should be paid by the little and simple employed people and huge companies with hug profits owned by the richest people on earth pay nothing?
&gt;&gt; Is there a word "Yehuda" in Arabic? Yes, or no? &gt; &gt; no DO NOT LIE TO WIN A DEBATE! Again, what is the Arabic word for Judea, the ancient Jewish country, where the word Yahudi/Yehudi/Jews came from? And once you answer this question, I will address the other crap you wrote.
&gt; not taking it out by talking shit about amazon because it’s cool all of the sudden Are you serious? Check: also Apple and Google did not pay any taxes. But Wal-Mart paid plenty of taxes. What do you think about that? Do you really think that just "suddenly", just "suddenly", it is "cool" to call companies who avoid paying taxes? **No! It was always "cool" to call huge profitable companies headed by very rich people. Actually, any profitable company that avoids paying taxes!** #You are a good soldier coming to immediate defense of Amazon. Good job, soldier!
What a waste of money. This money could have been used to pay for free education for illegals.
#First, I am so impressed what a good soldier you are, with your relentless defense of Amazon. Good soldier! You do a good job! &gt; Up until it became cool to shit on Darling, it was always cool to shit on huge profitable companies not paying taxes, including Standard Oil long time ago. &gt; you’re apparently a Walmart fanboy Absolutely not. Wal-Mart has other issues. But Wal-Mart, unlike Amazon, paid taxes.
Again, &gt;&gt; Is there a word "Yehuda" in Arabic? Yes, or no? &gt; &gt; no DO NOT LIE TO WIN A DEBATE! Again, what is the Arabic word for Judea, the ancient Jewish country, where the word Yahudi/Yehudi/Jews came from? And once you answer this question, I will address the other crap you wrote. P/S: [Here's an 1871 map for sale on e-bay with the word Judea](https://www.ebay.com/itm/1871-Classical-Map-Ancient-Palestine-Jerusalem-Judea-Samaria-Middle-East-Israel/401742925964?hash=item5d89be908c:g:QI8AAOSwT5xZP3Wn) P/S2: [And 1200BC Egyptian Merneptah Stele tells about Egypt fighting ISRAEL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merneptah_Stele)
You can even be called "Nazi!" while being Jewish, "Racist!" while being black, etc, etc.
Yes it is! 1. Record stock market = indicates confidence in Trump's economic plans 2. Record low unemployment = biggest salary increases in 10+ years and huge drop in food stamps 3. Excellent consecutive GDP growth = even more good news in the near future. 4. Tariffs hurt China's economy and bring back jobs to America = America becomes stronger economically while its unfair competitors are having big issues. 5. Huge reduction in immigration = more jobs for American and better pay. 6. By all indications, Trump will win in 2020, so no "uncertainties" in the market with negative impact on the economy. P/S: the r/economy subreddit is full of Trump haters who don't know why they hate Trump despite all the good economical news listed above.
Probably true. So? For Jews, chances were anybody could be better, but, quickly it turned out to be worse than Christians. Let's not forget what Muslim empires did to anyone they conquered, in North Africa and Europe (not only Jews). Muslims/Arabs back then and today(!) are the Christians of the past. Anyway, Jews have their country Israel in their homeland so it won't happen again.
I know you adore Muslims/Arabs who never and would never hurt anyone, but, read some history about what they did to other people, including Jews in the land of Israel. Don't be lazy expecting and relying on me to give you the information!
True! And "Yahuda" is the Arabic name for Judea, "Yahudi" is Arabic word for someone from Judea. All indicating that even Arabs know what land belongs to Jews.
&gt; So you have nothing against them [Arabs/Muslim] but believe that 60% of them are bad people? Yes, 60% of Muslims/Arabs are obsessive Jew haters who would physically hurt a Jew if they met one. Let's cut the BS: what do you think the percentage of Arabs/Muslims who hate Jews? 0%? 0.01%? 1%? 10%? 60%? Let's cut the BS even more: what Arab/Muslim country are you willing to go openly dressed as a Jew with Star Of David on your chest and a yarmulke on your head? I will pay the airfare! I promise. (my advise: don't! Not even to Indonesia or Turkey!) By the way, this is not a hard question, because few Arab/Muslim countries will even allow an openly Jew to enter. This is, of course, to protect Jews from inevitable harm. &gt;&gt;There's nothing genetically wrong with Arabs/Muslims. I am not "Racist!". &gt; &gt; That is a distinction without a difference. People are born into their ethnic/religious group Whatever crap you said here, when Muslims/Arabs live in free society, they will be just fine with Jews. &gt;&gt; But, they absolutely have the worst religious and political leaders, the worst, and we know that even with the most cultural people in Europe, the Germans, bad leaders can turn people to monsters. &gt; &gt;Do you think maybe that is what happened to you? As I said above, when you go openly dressed up as a Jew into any Arabic/Muslim country, you will find out very quickly on your own. &gt; Right now the state of Israel is killing and slowly ethnically cleansing individuals just for being born into a group. Israel should be a secular state that treats all people - regardless of ethnicity - equally. Zionists are Jewish supremacists, and ethnic supremacy is wrong. Typical crap you hear from insane lefties who obviously don't know anything about Israel, but hate it anyway, and need to find reasons for their unexplained hate. #Sssssuuuuureeeee, at the current rate of the Ethnic Cleansing of Arabs by those Judaeo-Nazis supremacists Zionists, despite them having one of the best well-equipped highly trained and strong armies in the world, I project the Palestinians population to continue to grow as it always did. Come to visit Israel to see it in your own eyes!!!!
You will not get any information from me about Muslims/Arabs and how wonderful they are toward Jews. With little effort you can find the information on your own. It would be easy! You know that Arabs/Muslim are angels and so good with Jews and towards Jews. **I don't want to ruin your belief in this regard**!
#First, again, I am so impressed what a good soldier you are, with your relentless defense of Amazon. Good soldier! You do a good job! In comparison, the hell with Wal-Mart, for them daring to pay taxes on their profits!
What is the Arabic word for "Judea"?!?!? Please reply in the original post. And if you don't know, [Google can help you learn Arabic](https://translate.google.com/#view=home&amp;op=translate&amp;sl=en&amp;tl=ar&amp;text=Judea)
Again, &gt;&gt; Is there a word "Yehuda" in Arabic? Yes, or no? &gt; &gt; no DO NOT LIE TO WIN A DEBATE! Again, what is the Arabic word for Judea, the ancient Jewish country, where the word Yahudi/Yehudi/Jew came from? And once you answer this question, I will address the other crap you wrote. #Arabic, like every other language, has a word for "Judea". No exception. And Jews/Jude are from Judea.
#First, again, I am so impressed what a good soldier you are, with your relentless defense of Amazon. Good soldier! You do a good job! In comparison, the hell with Wal-Mart, for them daring to pay taxes on their profits!
&gt;&gt;Yes, 60% of Muslims/Arabs are obsessive Jew haters who would physically hurt a Jew if they met one. &gt; &gt;If someone said that 60% of Jews were obsessive haters, would that be anti-Semitic? Yes, they will be WRONG and also anti-Semitic who hate Jews for no reason, because 60% and even 90% of Jews are NOT haters! **They will also be 100% CORRECT if they say that Nazis, all of them, not just 60%, are obsessive haters. Am I right or wrong? Yes or no?** So now we are left with a simple task: what percentage of Muslims/Arabs hate Jews, and what percentage of Jews/Israelis hate Muslims/Arabs. We'll start with Jews/Israelis, because it's easy: 20% of the population of Israel, more than a million people are Arabs/Muslims and there are no problems, "Apartheid", or anything against them. Am I right or wrong? Simple conclusion: Jews/Israelis don't hate Arabs/Muslims for being Arabs/Muslims. But surely, Israelis/Jews and me hate the haters of Jews/Israel, who are mostly Arabs/Muslims and Lefties like you. As for Muslims and Arabs outside Israel, as I said, my estimate, 40% of them will never hurt a Jew, but 60% of them are sworn haters and enemies of Jews. You refuse to give you estimate! You won't even say that 0.01% or 1% or just 10% of Muslims/Arabs are haters. #I asked you if you willing to go to ANY Arab/Muslim country openly dressed as a Jew and you declined to answer, and we both know why. &gt;&gt;As I said above, when you go openly dressed up as a Jew into any Arabic/Muslim country, you will find out very quickly on your own. &gt; &gt;I gave you a link that showed you that there are in fact Jews in Arab and Muslim countries that live and worship there. I know you try very very hard to NOT understand the question to avoid answering. Do you understand what "OPENLY DRESSED AS A JEW" means? &gt;&gt;I project the Palestinians population to continue to grow as it always did. &gt; &gt;And their territory will keep shrinking like it always did. So no "Ethnic Cleansing by Judea-Nazis supmeracits etc who genocide Arabs/Muslims"! Wow! You changed your views very quickly in this regard. You are also totally wrong about "Palestinian" territory! There was never ever a territory dedicated for the local-Arabs! In 1948, the UN partitioned the land, Jews agreed, and Arabs were about to get territory of their own for the first time. Got occupied and annexed by Jordan and Egypt instead. Israel LIBERATED them in 1967. Israel left Gaza in 2006. Autonomy for Arabs in Judea/Samaria since 2000. #All this equals to the territory held by the local Arabs just growing, and only thanks to Israel. &gt;&gt;Come to visit Israel to see it in your own eyes!!!! &gt; &gt; Here is a guy who grew up in Israel, was a son of a famous Israeli general and whose niece was killed in a terrorist attack: Something is really wrong with you! You constantly love, support and adore mentally-ill people or obsessive haters of Jews: Queers for Palestine (mentally ill if you are Queer for Palestine who is actually a sworn enemy of queers), Feminists for Palestine (same), or self-hating Jews who love Palestinians who hate them. #Are you a hater? I am not! I showed you why!
#First, again, I am so impressed what a good soldier you are, with your relentless defense of Amazon. Good soldier! You do a good job! In comparison, the hell with Wal-Mart, for them daring to pay taxes on their profits!
Oh no! We Zionists lost one former "Zionist" who decided that Israel massacred people in Gaza. Lucky for Jews and Israel, on the same day, at least 25 Israeli-Arabs decided to join the IDF to defend their beloved country of Israel against other Arabs who don't know better. Grand total: 25 new Zionists (and Arabs too!) MINUS one miserable self-hating Jew who is not a Zionist anymore = 24 more Zionists. MOST IMPORTANT: those new Arab soldiers in the IDF will show the those useless Jewish soldiers how to use the sophisticated weapons and training to do real massacres. Jews are terrible in massacres. #I am sure I can convert u/FightTribalism into a Zionist and Israel will be greater than ever!
&gt; People who hate Jews do not think that they are doing it without any reason. Yes they do! You are one of them!!! There's no reason to hate Jews for them being Jews. Am I right or wrong? But plenty of Muslims/Arabs hates Jews just because they are Jews. Am I right? At least 60% of Muslims/Arabs. &gt;&gt; They will also be 100% CORRECT if they say that Nazis, all of them, not just 60%, are obsessive haters. Am I right or wrong? Yes or no? &gt; &gt; Your analogy is wrong. People are not born Nazi... Saying that all Nazis hate Jews is 100% correct. It's actually a fact! It does not matter if those Nazis were born Nazis or not. Nazis are Nazis. You desperately don't want to admit that people know who are the haters. You know why? Because, haters, like you, don't like it when people immediately and correctly detect who are the haters. &gt;&gt; We'll start with Jews/Israelis, because it's easy: 20% of the population of Israel, more than a million people are Arabs/Muslims and there are no problems, "Apartheid", or anything against them. Am I right or wrong? &gt; &gt; Most Arabs do not have citizenship and are governed by by Israeli military. You really really try very very hard to not understand. I said Israeli-Arabs, 20% of the population of Israel, more than a million people. And Jews don't hate them. Because Jews don't hate Muslims/Arabs for being Muslims/Arabs. Deal with with this fact!!! So, desperately, you try to change it to Arabs/Muslims outside Israel. And those Arabs/Muslims officially (Gaza/Hamas) and almost officially (PA/Judea) call for "Kill all the Jews, destroy Israel!". Haters! We Israelis hate those kinds of Muslims/Arabs. Do you blame us? &gt;&gt;I Asked You If You Willing To Go To ANY Arab/Muslim Country Openly Dressed As A Jew And You Declined To Answer, And We Both Know Why. &gt; &gt; I didn't decline to answer. I said "yes probably because there are Jews in those countries living openly" every time. You keep ignoring my answers. "Probably"? I asked "yes or no"! No Jews live publicly and openly in Arabs/Muslim countries. You know that very very well. In the streets, they look like any other citizen. Thankfully and luckily they look like all other citizens. &gt;&gt;Do you understand what "OPENLY DRESSED AS A JEW" means? &gt; &gt;You mean like this guy in Iran... Darling, this guy will not dare to go outside dressed as a Jew with yarmulke and star of david. He looks like a typical Iranian. Cut the BS!!!! You are not that dumb! You will never dress OPENLY as a Jew, with star of David, yarmulke and say that you are Jew in Jordan, Saudi, Egypt, Sudan, Indonesia, Tunisia, Libya, Algeria, Malaysia, Iran, Turkey, Lebanon, Syria, Yemen, Morocco, etc, etc. Because you are a coward! Also too coward to admit you will never ever be OPENLY a Jew in any of those countries. #Above all, you are a coward who will not criticize Arab/Muslims for how they treat Jews, but conveniently attack Jews/Israelis with made-up stories of how terrible they are... BECAUSE YOU HATE JEWS/ISRAEL/ZIONISTS. #HATER!!!!
Since Rome destroyed Israel in 70AD + Jews expelled, in many ways, Jews are lucky there's antisemitism by Arabs/Muslims + Europeans: 1. If they were nice to us, Jews would have assimilated long time ago. 2. If they were nice to us, Jews would not be so motivated to be better and more successful than them. 3. If they were nice to us, there won't be a need for re-establishing Israel. **Israel was re-establish only thanks to antisemitism! Am I right?** Israel, safe for Jews (and many lucky Israeli Muslims and Christians), is doing extremely well. The future for Israel is great! I am very optimistic #Remember, hate has only 2 reasons: * If someone purposely did something bad to you, you hate them. This is natural and totally justified. Jews/Israel never did anything bad to anyone. The opposite: they contributed to the world much more than their fare share. This type of hate is quite rare. * If you are envious or jealous of someone, this turns very quickly to baseless hate. **Most hate is due to this reason!** Yes, I can see why people are jealous and envious of Jews and their country Israel. Any Arab/Muslim would prefer to live in Israel rather then the terrible oppressive undemocratic countries that Arabs/Muslims have.
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
&gt; Jews were already living outside of Judaea before the Roman occupation. Yes. And most of them were expelled by the Romans. &gt; few were expelled. The rest? Ancestors of Palestinians. LOL!!!!! LOL!!!! LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! Go ahead and tell "Palestinians" that their ancestors were Jews and not Arabs. Also tell Historians that Arabs did not invade the land of Israel. At least, this time, you don't claim "Palestinians" are Canaanites, like you. And Thanks! You also know that Jews are from Judea and Samaria. #Anyway, Israel as a country exists today, capital is Jerusalem, and Jews are not going to pack and leave.
First, please make sure you ALWAYS reply back to me and insist on something related to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" and with "Trump!", to somehow win USA elections for him. # You are not American! Are you a Russian shill? Chinese troll? Where are you from? I did not know the DNC pays foreigners (cheaper) to work for them. &gt; 50% 52% according to [Rasmussen](https://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/trump_administration/prez_track_dec31) Trump approval is increasing, also thanks to "impeached", Yes or No? Is better than Obama's, Yes or No? Tells Dems to send "impeached" to Senate! Please!!! Because of this "impeached", Trump gained support by every poll, raise more money, exposed more corruption at the Dems and will be in office until 2024. Trump, your president, benefited TREMENDOUSLY from this "impeachment" business. Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president, exposed so many criminals and corrupt thanks to this "impeachment". Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president and his admin are now ACTIVELY pursuing those criminals and corrupt people. Tell us it's not true. With at least 1,000,000,000,000%, Trump, your president, will not be impeached in the Senate. **Tell us it's not true.** **Stock market at RECORD, because they all know Trump is in office until 2024.** The latest Dems game: don’t want to submit Articles of Impeachment to Senate because don’t want corrupt Schitt to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify! AG Barr Indicts 8 For Funneling Millions In Foreign Donations To Schiff, Clinton and Top Democrats! #Despite 17 misconducts at the FBI, not a single person in the FBI was fired. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT? What part of Trump being spied on by the FBI before/during the elections you try hard to not understand? Judge for yourself: **If all the 17 actions by FBI, 100% of them, favor one party, trying to harm the leader of the other party, do you really, for real, truly, seriously, believe there were no FBI political games here?** Articles of impeachment: 1. "Russians!" and a "Colluded!"? No!!!!! 2. "Quid Pro Quo"? No!!!! (even according to you, it was just [supposedly] an "arrangement that never happened".) 3. Democrats lost the elections in 2016. Yes!!!!!! That's it!!!! But officially it's called "Abuse and obstruction". &gt; quid pro quo isn’t an outcome, ... it’s an arrangement. The outcome of the agreement doesn’t need to occur... # We are going to impeach your president, Trump, over an "arrangement"... that never occurred. LOL!!!!!! #Any chance, please, that you give a simple example for a "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" to win USA elections by/with "Trump!"? I don't think there's a chance you can find such an example. Fact: there was no Quid Pro Quo. YES or NO? Neither is Biden being investigated. YES or NO? You know who's your real problem? President Zelensky of the Ukraine who claims there was never ever a Quid Pro Quo. #Did Sondland say "Trump told he does NOT want Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Did Sondland say "I only presumed there will be a Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Democrats Never Apologized or Admitted Being Wrong on Russia, Just Moved on to Ukraine, and Failed there too. Losers! Failures! Keep those hearings! More and more crimes and corruption are found... WITH DEMOCRATS!!!! And please, please, please, please, put "Trump!" on an impeachment trial based on all the "evidence" we have. &gt;&gt; u/reid0 is the same as u/DouglasRather ! #Remember: If Biden hadn't threatened to withhold $1B from the Ukraine, "Trump!" wouldn't be "in trouble" for asking about it!!! #Where's the Whistle Blower? We need some evidence!!! I will compromise: lets bring Hunter Biden just for 5 minutes questioning. Economy is BOOMING. We had yet another record day! Once we finish with the 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, Never Trumpers, whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, the real joy will be to see corrupt Obama, Comey, Strzok, lover Page, Ohr, Simpson, Brazille, Holder, Loretta Lynch, Steele, Brennan, Clapper and Killary(!!!!) being subpoena and having to answer real questions. The end of this show, with a trillion percent guarantee, that there won't be a majority to impeach Trump. There's a ZERO(!!!) chance "Trump!" will be impeached. #Biden, on video, boasts that he did Quid Pro Quo against the Ukraine to make them stop investigating his useless talent-less son. #We will require voter-ID to prevent "Russians!" from voting, for "Trump!". Are you Ok with that? **You are consumed with hate "Trump!" but, funny, you have no clue why.** **All I have from you so far is:** 1. Trump asks to investigate 2. Stormy and her violent jailed lawyer, assisted by a professional liar. #ABOUT F-ING TIME! Ethics complaint against Adam Schitt!!! Back to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!": what do you think about Clapper saying “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.” Trump clearly wins 2020 and then you will have another 4 years to investigate and try to impeach!!! Good deal in my opinion. Do you enjoy "Trump!" who gave us RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market, energy independence, no new wars, withdrawing from useless wars, BEST consumer confidence in decades, HUGE reduction in poverty and food stamps, no Illegal aliens, BIG increase in salary gains for almost 20 years, America FIRST, etc, etc, etc. #Good news!!!!!! Barr started to investigate the source of the "Russians" and a "Colluded" fairy tale. Aren't you happy when things get investigated? Soon, Killary, Obama, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Schitt, and many more will be in jail with CLEAR EVIDENCE. Be thankful that "Trump!" won and is our president, because OTHERWISE, the horror, nobody would find out how corrupt the Democrats are. How is the counter for "Trump!" lies going? Did it reach yet 14,000 lies? **I have a better idea: The democrats should focus on beating Trump at the next election, rather than continuously trying to find reasons (and failing) to impeach him.** #Democrats know that only coup will put them in power, as they are going to lose the next elections big time. #Great news for you: The latest Survey finds that more people would support impeachment if they knew what crime Trump was supposed to have committed!!!! Mueller said: "**The investigation DID NOT ESTABLISH that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**" #It's a well known tried and true political trick: accuse the other side of what you actually did and then nothing will happen to you, for years, while "investigations" go on and on and on and on. #The real investigation started now for the real Collusion: 1. Collusion when AG meets in secret on the tarmac about someone under investigation, Killary. 2. Collusion when the fake-news Media provide questions to Killary in advance of a debate. 3. Collusion when the DNC conspired with Killary to block another candidate in their primary. 4. Collusion when Obama wiretaps the candidate of the opposing party, Trump, to help Killary. 5. Collusion when Adam Shit leaks classified information in a failed attempt to smear Trump. 6. Collusion when Comey gives immunity to persons involved in criminal investigation after they destroyed evidence. It's all about tribalism! You hate "Trump!", but don't know why. I am smarter than you and know exactly the game you are playing here, a game I enjoy and always win. Anyway, soon, very very soon. we are going to investigate the real "Colluded!" with "Russians!" by Killary: paying Russians for a dossier, private speeches for $500,000 a piece by Killary, DNC rigged election, FBI, DOJ, Obama wire-taps, etc, etc, etc? #Try to use your brain, common sense, and figure out a possible remote way/plan/process for "Russians!" and "Colluded!" with "Trump!" in 4 months from mid-July to November to win a USA elections. Did "Russians!" send cosmic rays to force American to vote Trump? Did "Russians!" cause cheating in counting the votes? Did "Russians!" bribe people to vote for Trump? Did "Russians!" kill democrats or prevented them from voting for Killary? Oh, I know!!!!! According to Mueller, some unknown Russians spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. That's it! This is how you win elections in the USA. Do you actually, for real, honestly, truly, believe that since mid July 2016, when out of 13 Republicans contenders, Trump won the GOP nomination, and until early November, election day, about 4 months, "Russians!" managed "Colluded!" with "Trump!" to win elections for him? #The collusion was on the DNC and Killary side! Obama uses the FBI to wiretap Trump and place a mole (Stefan Halper) inside Trump's campaign. Fake-news CNN giving debate questions for Killary. Killary gets "donations" from foreign governments, including Russia. DNC pays RUSSIANS for fake dossier about Trump. FBI and DOJ corrupt traitors collaborating with Killary to hide her actions and protect her. Etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc. #The strategy of Killary and DNC is to accuse Trump of what they actually did, so years will be wasted investigating Trump, and NOT investigating Killary and the DNC. &gt;&gt; Basically, Killary paid $6m to have Kremlin operatives create a propaganda Dossier against Trump. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Killary's propaganda used to issue FISA Warrants to spy on Trump, to undermine Trump and sabotage US elections. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Let's not forget the famous video of Obama telling Russian operatives "I will have more flexibility after the elections!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump is doing great job for the USA, and the economy is in very good position. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump will be in office until 2024. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;I am so so so so sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with the economy, because "Trump!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;You are a sore loser, like all Democrats.
This you think before you just wrote this crap? 1. A **talk** show host **talks** shit about conservatives, and conservatives can't **TALK** about what was **talked**, back? 2. Talk is not preventing, banning, prohibiting, attacking and other fascist intolerant things. 3. You can talk as much as you want = 1A.
First, please make sure you ALWAYS reply back to me and insist on something related to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" and with "Trump!", to somehow win USA elections for him. # You are not American! Are you a Russian shill? Chinese troll? Where are you from? I did not know the DNC pays foreigners (cheaper) to work for them. &gt; impeached No "impeached" until sent to Senate for a sure rejection. Trump approval is increasing, also thanks to "impeached", Yes or No? Is better than Obama's, Yes or No? Tells Dems to send "impeached" to Senate! Please!!! Because of this "impeached", Trump gained support by every poll, raise more money, exposed more corruption at the Dems and will be in office until 2024. Trump, your president, benefited TREMENDOUSLY from this "impeachment" business. Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president, exposed so many criminals and corrupt thanks to this "impeachment". Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president and his admin are now ACTIVELY pursuing those criminals and corrupt people. Tell us it's not true. With at least 1,000,000,000,000%, Trump, your president, will not be impeached in the Senate. **Tell us it's not true.** **Stock market at RECORD, because they all know Trump is in office until 2024.** The latest Dems game: don’t want to submit Articles of Impeachment to Senate because don’t want corrupt Schitt to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify! AG Barr Indicts 8 For Funneling Millions In Foreign Donations To Schiff, Clinton and Top Democrats! #Despite 17 misconducts at the FBI, not a single person in the FBI was fired. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT? What part of Trump being spied on by the FBI before/during the elections you try hard to not understand? Judge for yourself: **If all the 17 actions by FBI, 100% of them, favor one party, trying to harm the leader of the other party, do you really, for real, truly, seriously, believe there were no FBI political games here?** Articles of impeachment: 1. "Russians!" and a "Colluded!"? No!!!!! 2. "Quid Pro Quo"? No!!!! (even according to you, it was just [supposedly] an "arrangement that never happened".) 3. Democrats lost the elections in 2016. Yes!!!!!! That's it!!!! But officially it's called "Abuse and obstruction". &gt; quid pro quo isn’t an outcome, ... it’s an arrangement. The outcome of the agreement doesn’t need to occur... # We are going to impeach your president, Trump, over an "arrangement"... that never occurred. LOL!!!!!! #Any chance, please, that you give a simple example for a "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" to win USA elections by/with "Trump!"? I don't think there's a chance you can find such an example. Fact: there was no Quid Pro Quo. YES or NO? Neither is Biden being investigated. YES or NO? You know who's your real problem? President Zelensky of the Ukraine who claims there was never ever a Quid Pro Quo. #Did Sondland say "Trump told he does NOT want Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Did Sondland say "I only presumed there will be a Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Democrats Never Apologized or Admitted Being Wrong on Russia, Just Moved on to Ukraine, and Failed there too. Losers! Failures! Keep those hearings! More and more crimes and corruption are found... WITH DEMOCRATS!!!! And please, please, please, please, put "Trump!" on an impeachment trial based on all the "evidence" we have. &gt;&gt; u/reid0 is the same as u/DouglasRather ! #Remember: If Biden hadn't threatened to withhold $1B from the Ukraine, "Trump!" wouldn't be "in trouble" for asking about it!!! #Where's the Whistle Blower? We need some evidence!!! I will compromise: lets bring Hunter Biden just for 5 minutes questioning. Economy is BOOMING. We had yet another record day! Once we finish with the 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, Never Trumpers, whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, the real joy will be to see corrupt Obama, Comey, Strzok, lover Page, Ohr, Simpson, Brazille, Holder, Loretta Lynch, Steele, Brennan, Clapper and Killary(!!!!) being subpoena and having to answer real questions. The end of this show, with a trillion percent guarantee, that there won't be a majority to impeach Trump. There's a ZERO(!!!) chance "Trump!" will be impeached. #Biden, on video, boasts that he did Quid Pro Quo against the Ukraine to make them stop investigating his useless talent-less son. #We will require voter-ID to prevent "Russians!" from voting, for "Trump!". Are you Ok with that? **You are consumed with hate "Trump!" but, funny, you have no clue why.** **All I have from you so far is:** 1. Trump asks to investigate 2. Stormy and her violent jailed lawyer, assisted by a professional liar. #ABOUT F-ING TIME! Ethics complaint against Adam Schitt!!! Back to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!": what do you think about Clapper saying “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.” Trump clearly wins 2020 and then you will have another 4 years to investigate and try to impeach!!! Good deal in my opinion. Do you enjoy "Trump!" who gave us RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market, energy independence, no new wars, withdrawing from useless wars, BEST consumer confidence in decades, HUGE reduction in poverty and food stamps, no Illegal aliens, BIG increase in salary gains for almost 20 years, America FIRST, etc, etc, etc. #Good news!!!!!! Barr started to investigate the source of the "Russians" and a "Colluded" fairy tale. Aren't you happy when things get investigated? Soon, Killary, Obama, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Schitt, and many more will be in jail with CLEAR EVIDENCE. Be thankful that "Trump!" won and is our president, because OTHERWISE, the horror, nobody would find out how corrupt the Democrats are. How is the counter for "Trump!" lies going? Did it reach yet 14,000 lies? **I have a better idea: The democrats should focus on beating Trump at the next election, rather than continuously trying to find reasons (and failing) to impeach him.** #Democrats know that only coup will put them in power, as they are going to lose the next elections big time. #Great news for you: The latest Survey finds that more people would support impeachment if they knew what crime Trump was supposed to have committed!!!! Mueller said: "**The investigation DID NOT ESTABLISH that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**" #It's a well known tried and true political trick: accuse the other side of what you actually did and then nothing will happen to you, for years, while "investigations" go on and on and on and on. #The real investigation started now for the real Collusion: 1. Collusion when AG meets in secret on the tarmac about someone under investigation, Killary. 2. Collusion when the fake-news Media provide questions to Killary in advance of a debate. 3. Collusion when the DNC conspired with Killary to block another candidate in their primary. 4. Collusion when Obama wiretaps the candidate of the opposing party, Trump, to help Killary. 5. Collusion when Adam Shit leaks classified information in a failed attempt to smear Trump. 6. Collusion when Comey gives immunity to persons involved in criminal investigation after they destroyed evidence. It's all about tribalism! You hate "Trump!", but don't know why. I am smarter than you and know exactly the game you are playing here, a game I enjoy and always win. Anyway, soon, very very soon. we are going to investigate the real "Colluded!" with "Russians!" by Killary: paying Russians for a dossier, private speeches for $500,000 a piece by Killary, DNC rigged election, FBI, DOJ, Obama wire-taps, etc, etc, etc? #Try to use your brain, common sense, and figure out a possible remote way/plan/process for "Russians!" and "Colluded!" with "Trump!" in 4 months from mid-July to November to win a USA elections. Did "Russians!" send cosmic rays to force American to vote Trump? Did "Russians!" cause cheating in counting the votes? Did "Russians!" bribe people to vote for Trump? Did "Russians!" kill democrats or prevented them from voting for Killary? Oh, I know!!!!! According to Mueller, some unknown Russians spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. That's it! This is how you win elections in the USA. Do you actually, for real, honestly, truly, believe that since mid July 2016, when out of 13 Republicans contenders, Trump won the GOP nomination, and until early November, election day, about 4 months, "Russians!" managed "Colluded!" with "Trump!" to win elections for him? #The collusion was on the DNC and Killary side! Obama uses the FBI to wiretap Trump and place a mole (Stefan Halper) inside Trump's campaign. Fake-news CNN giving debate questions for Killary. Killary gets "donations" from foreign governments, including Russia. DNC pays RUSSIANS for fake dossier about Trump. FBI and DOJ corrupt traitors collaborating with Killary to hide her actions and protect her. Etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc. #The strategy of Killary and DNC is to accuse Trump of what they actually did, so years will be wasted investigating Trump, and NOT investigating Killary and the DNC. &gt;&gt; Basically, Killary paid $6m to have Kremlin operatives create a propaganda Dossier against Trump. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Killary's propaganda used to issue FISA Warrants to spy on Trump, to undermine Trump and sabotage US elections. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Let's not forget the famous video of Obama telling Russian operatives "I will have more flexibility after the elections!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump is doing great job for the USA, and the economy is in very good position. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump will be in office until 2024. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;I am so so so so sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with the economy, because "Trump!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;You are a sore loser, like all Democrats.
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
OMG!!!!! Another "not normal" trying to preach to normals.
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
&gt; Venezuela isn't socialist LOL!!!!! LOL!!!! &gt; its a social democratic republic that is constantly attacked by American imperialism and sabotage by its own capitalists Ssssssuuuureeee! Venezuela is a Democracy, and it is the USA fault for everything!!!! LOL!!!!!
First, for the record, personally, about me: although I am a conservative, I am against prohibiting abortions. If someone does not want a child (=bad parent for the future), it's better for the child to be killed. As for Alabama, **NO!!!!! You can do abortion in Alabama!!!!** [Read about it here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Alabama) Back to Alabama, don't you believe in the right for each state to be individual? For example, if NJ wants to give driver licenses to ILLEGAL ALIENS, should they have the right for that? So, IF and WHEN Alabama prohibits abortion, then go the next-door state and do it anyway. Freedom!
LOL!!!!! Either you are a "Socialist" and, like all "Socialists", believe in a fictional "success with Socialism country", as this meme indicates. Or, you just made a very clever sarcastic comment. Which is it?
With the "plastic bags ban", will they also remove the plastic-bag recycle bins? My guess: since they are idiots, they will remove the plastic-bag recycle bins.
The best thing for Jews, in NJ, and other states, is to arm themselves with guns. And many Jews do that!
You forgot that Trump, your president, is also "Nazi!!!!!" and "Racisss!!!" **By the way, recent polls show MOST Americans support Trump, especially thanks to "impeachment".** #How would you survive until 2024 with Trump? Run, quickly, to a Socialist/Communist haven!!!!
I think it's a pile of skulls from people who tried to escape Socialism and Communism, towards Capitalism. Guess who killed them on the way...
&gt; Venezuela isn't socialist LOL!!!!! LOL!!!! &gt; its a social democratic republic that is constantly attacked by American imperialism and sabotage by its own capitalists Ssssssuuuureeee! Venezuela is a Democracy, and it is the USA fault for everything!!!! LOL!!!!! &gt; If the majority of Venezuelan's wanted Maduro out of office, they could remove him. They do want this killer tyrant out. But their weapons were taken away from them. #Be brave! Fight for Venezuela! Tell them to implement TRUE SOCIALISM!!!!! You are a real idiot!
Seriously, just based on the little you know about him: 1. Who would want to employ him? 2. If he got a job, how long will he last in that job? 3. Does he actually want to work? To me, it looks like his only hopes is that "socialism" take care of him. #I will never forget that u/bonkerz666 wrote "In Socialism, hard work is awarded." LOL!!!!
&gt; The Atlantic slave trade lasted longer than The Soviet Union by 200 years, and killed millions more than Mao or Stalin. DO. NOT. LIE. TO. WIN. A. DEBATE! Again, show us a SPECIFIC example of Capitalism killing!!!! &gt;&gt;By far far far far, Mao ("Communist"), Stalin ("Communist") and Hitler ("Socialist") killed more than anyone else, in the order I listed them.
How old are you? Do you work?
What crap are you trying to say here? The coup is by Dems against Trump, your president, and the coup already failed.
"Socialism", "Communism", "Climate Change", etc are religions where the believers will stick to their religion despite clear simple verifiable facts. People believe in religions because they all promise good things IF you believe. Simple as that.
&gt;&gt;How old are you? Do you work?
LOSER!!!!
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
1. Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, as "Jerusalem" does no appear in the Q'ran. But if you want to believe otherwise, fine with Jews. 2. Jerusalem never been a capital of any country except Israel and a short-lived Christian country. Neither was it the capital of "Mandate for Palestine". Simple verifiable fact. 3. Yes, Arab don't have nationalities, including "Palestinians" and the countries they have today are all inventions by the British. 4. A "Palestine" country never ever existed. The only reason we hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them is Israel LIBERATING the local-Arabs from a Jordanian and Egyptian occupation. 5. Lebanon is a disaster and backward country in comparison to even Sierra Leone in Africa. YOU SHOULD BE EMBARASSED, but it's your own fault and nobody else that made Lebanon the shame it is now. 6. Idiot Muslims in Lebanon, like you, are the reason for Lebanon situation. No, Lebanon will not become the first ever Muslim/Arab country to be a democracy with such middle-age primitive thinking. 7. Christians in Lebanon are much smarter than the rest of Lebanese. Actually, in Israel, Christians are very very successful doing on average much better than Jews. 8. Israel is a huge success compared to ALL(!) Arab/Muslim countries, it exists, it's not going away. Don't try to mess with Israel! 9. You are driven by envy and jealousy of how well Jews are doing. Envy and Jealousy always turn to bogus hate. The excuse for your hate is "war crimes" that never happened. 10. Again, you play the "victim" instead of being a man and move-on to build your country. As I said it: "Muslim suffer from victim-hood where they always try to find others to blame for the backward situation they are. That's why they can't accomplish anything." 11. Jews are not cry babies like Muslims. We move on, build and enjoy our accomplishments. **Any accomplishments by Lebanon or "Palestinians" in the last 70+ years? Please tell us!**
Bullshit!!! You can easily recycle ANY plastic.
&gt;&gt;#How old are you? Do you work?
&gt;&gt;#How old are you? Do you work?
Any plastic can be recycled! It's all about the cost to recycle. Plastic bags can easily and cheaply get recycled. The main thing about plastic is that a very very very small amount (volume) of it can do huge job. A plastic bag, if not recycled, can be condensed to a tiny little ball of plastic.
&gt;&gt;#How old are you? Do you work? Idiot!
Darling, it's about the cost to recycle certain plastics. Every plastic can be recycled. It can be melted and made into any other shape you want.
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
First, please make sure you ALWAYS reply back to me and insist on something related to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" and with "Trump!", to somehow win USA elections for him. # You are not American! Are you a Russian shill? Chinese troll? Where are you from? I did not know the DNC pays foreigners (cheaper) to work for them. &gt; Gallup Even Gallup show how well Trump is doing. So Trump, your president, according to polls, and thanks to "impeachment" is supported by most Americans!!!! In office until 2024!!!! No "impeached" until sent to Senate for a sure rejection. Will not happen because that Biden goes to jail and Trump, your president is acquitted. Tells Dems to send "impeached" to Senate! Please!!! Because of this "impeached", Trump gained support by every poll, raise more money, exposed more corruption at the Dems and will be in office until 2024. Trump, your president, benefited TREMENDOUSLY from this "impeachment" business. Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president, exposed so many criminals and corrupt thanks to this "impeachment". Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president and his admin are now ACTIVELY pursuing those criminals and corrupt people. Tell us it's not true. With at least 1,000,000,000,000%, Trump, your president, will not be impeached in the Senate. **Tell us it's not true.** **Stock market at RECORD, because they all know Trump is in office until 2024.** The latest Dems game: don’t want to submit Articles of Impeachment to Senate because don’t want corrupt Schitt to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify! AG Barr Indicts 8 For Funneling Millions In Foreign Donations To Schiff, Clinton and Top Democrats! #Despite 17 misconducts at the FBI, not a single person in the FBI was fired. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT? What part of Trump being spied on by the FBI before/during the elections you try hard to not understand? Judge for yourself: **If all the 17 actions by FBI, 100% of them, favor one party, trying to harm the leader of the other party, do you really, for real, truly, seriously, believe there were no FBI political games here?** Articles of impeachment: 1. "Russians!" and a "Colluded!"? No!!!!! 2. "Quid Pro Quo"? No!!!! (even according to you, it was just [supposedly] an "arrangement that never happened".) 3. Democrats lost the elections in 2016. Yes!!!!!! That's it!!!! But officially it's called "Abuse and obstruction". &gt; quid pro quo isn’t an outcome, ... it’s an arrangement. The outcome of the agreement doesn’t need to occur... # We are going to impeach your president, Trump, over an "arrangement"... that never occurred. LOL!!!!!! #Any chance, please, that you give a simple example for a "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" to win USA elections by/with "Trump!"? I don't think there's a chance you can find such an example. Fact: there was no Quid Pro Quo. YES or NO? Neither is Biden being investigated. YES or NO? You know who's your real problem? President Zelensky of the Ukraine who claims there was never ever a Quid Pro Quo. #Did Sondland say "Trump told he does NOT want Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Did Sondland say "I only presumed there will be a Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Democrats Never Apologized or Admitted Being Wrong on Russia, Just Moved on to Ukraine, and Failed there too. Losers! Failures! Keep those hearings! More and more crimes and corruption are found... WITH DEMOCRATS!!!! And please, please, please, please, put "Trump!" on an impeachment trial based on all the "evidence" we have. &gt;&gt; u/reid0 is the same as u/DouglasRather ! #Remember: If Biden hadn't threatened to withhold $1B from the Ukraine, "Trump!" wouldn't be "in trouble" for asking about it!!! #Where's the Whistle Blower? We need some evidence!!! I will compromise: lets bring Hunter Biden just for 5 minutes questioning. Economy is BOOMING. We had yet another record day! Once we finish with the 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, Never Trumpers, whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, the real joy will be to see corrupt Obama, Comey, Strzok, lover Page, Ohr, Simpson, Brazille, Holder, Loretta Lynch, Steele, Brennan, Clapper and Killary(!!!!) being subpoena and having to answer real questions. The end of this show, with a trillion percent guarantee, that there won't be a majority to impeach Trump. There's a ZERO(!!!) chance "Trump!" will be impeached. #Biden, on video, boasts that he did Quid Pro Quo against the Ukraine to make them stop investigating his useless talent-less son. #We will require voter-ID to prevent "Russians!" from voting, for "Trump!". Are you Ok with that? **You are consumed with hate "Trump!" but, funny, you have no clue why.** **All I have from you so far is:** 1. Trump asks to investigate 2. Stormy and her violent jailed lawyer, assisted by a professional liar. #ABOUT F-ING TIME! Ethics complaint against Adam Schitt!!! Back to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!": what do you think about Clapper saying “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.” Trump clearly wins 2020 and then you will have another 4 years to investigate and try to impeach!!! Good deal in my opinion. Do you enjoy "Trump!" who gave us RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market, energy independence, no new wars, withdrawing from useless wars, BEST consumer confidence in decades, HUGE reduction in poverty and food stamps, no Illegal aliens, BIG increase in salary gains for almost 20 years, America FIRST, etc, etc, etc. #Good news!!!!!! Barr started to investigate the source of the "Russians" and a "Colluded" fairy tale. Aren't you happy when things get investigated? Soon, Killary, Obama, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Schitt, and many more will be in jail with CLEAR EVIDENCE. Be thankful that "Trump!" won and is our president, because OTHERWISE, the horror, nobody would find out how corrupt the Democrats are. How is the counter for "Trump!" lies going? Did it reach yet 14,000 lies? **I have a better idea: The democrats should focus on beating Trump at the next election, rather than continuously trying to find reasons (and failing) to impeach him.** #Democrats know that only coup will put them in power, as they are going to lose the next elections big time. #Great news for you: The latest Survey finds that more people would support impeachment if they knew what crime Trump was supposed to have committed!!!! Mueller said: "**The investigation DID NOT ESTABLISH that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**" #It's a well known tried and true political trick: accuse the other side of what you actually did and then nothing will happen to you, for years, while "investigations" go on and on and on and on. #The real investigation started now for the real Collusion: 1. Collusion when AG meets in secret on the tarmac about someone under investigation, Killary. 2. Collusion when the fake-news Media provide questions to Killary in advance of a debate. 3. Collusion when the DNC conspired with Killary to block another candidate in their primary. 4. Collusion when Obama wiretaps the candidate of the opposing party, Trump, to help Killary. 5. Collusion when Adam Shit leaks classified information in a failed attempt to smear Trump. 6. Collusion when Comey gives immunity to persons involved in criminal investigation after they destroyed evidence. It's all about tribalism! You hate "Trump!", but don't know why. I am smarter than you and know exactly the game you are playing here, a game I enjoy and always win. Anyway, soon, very very soon. we are going to investigate the real "Colluded!" with "Russians!" by Killary: paying Russians for a dossier, private speeches for $500,000 a piece by Killary, DNC rigged election, FBI, DOJ, Obama wire-taps, etc, etc, etc? #Try to use your brain, common sense, and figure out a possible remote way/plan/process for "Russians!" and "Colluded!" with "Trump!" in 4 months from mid-July to November to win a USA elections. Did "Russians!" send cosmic rays to force American to vote Trump? Did "Russians!" cause cheating in counting the votes? Did "Russians!" bribe people to vote for Trump? Did "Russians!" kill democrats or prevented them from voting for Killary? According to Mueller, some unknown Russians spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. That's it! This is how you win elections in the USA. Do you actually, for real, honestly, truly, believe that since mid July 2016, when out of 13 Republicans contenders, Trump won the GOP nomination, and until early November, election day, about 4 months, "Russians!" managed "Colluded!" with "Trump!" to win elections for him? #The collusion was on the DNC and Killary side! Obama uses the FBI to wiretap Trump and place a mole (Stefan Halper) inside Trump's campaign. Fake-news CNN giving debate questions for Killary. Killary gets "donations" from foreign governments, including Russia. DNC pays RUSSIANS for fake dossier about Trump. FBI and DOJ corrupt traitors collaborating with Killary to hide her actions and protect her. #The strategy of Killary and DNC is to accuse Trump of what they actually did, so years will be wasted investigating Trump, and NOT investigating Killary and the DNC. &gt;&gt;Killary paid $6m to have Kremlin operatives create a propaganda Dossier against Trump. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Killary's propaganda used to issue FISA Warrants to spy on Trump, to undermine Trump and sabotage US elections. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Famous video of Obama telling Russian operatives "I will have more flexibility after the elections!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump is doing great job for the USA, and the economy is in very good position. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with the economy, because "Trump!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;You are a sore loser, like all Democrats.
So you are very young and don't work. And you actually think you know or smarter than others?
First, please make sure you ALWAYS reply back to me and insist on something related to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" and with "Trump!", to somehow win USA elections for him. # You are not American! Are you a Russian shill? Chinese troll? Where are you from? I did not know the DNC pays foreigners (cheaper) to work for them. &gt; Gallup Again, even Gallup show Trump GAINING support, better than Obama, and all this despite not being as accurate as Rasmussen. So Trump, your president, according to polls, and thanks to "impeachment" is supported by most Americans!!!! In office until 2024!!!! No "impeached" until sent to Senate for a sure rejection. Will not happen because that Biden goes to jail and Trump, your president is acquitted. Tells Dems to send "impeached" to Senate! Please!!! Because of this "impeached", Trump gained support by every poll, raise more money, exposed more corruption at the Dems and will be in office until 2024. Trump, your president, benefited TREMENDOUSLY from this "impeachment" business. Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president, exposed so many criminals and corrupt thanks to this "impeachment". Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president and his admin are now ACTIVELY pursuing those criminals and corrupt people. Tell us it's not true. With at least 1,000,000,000,000%, Trump, your president, will not be impeached in the Senate. **Tell us it's not true.** **Stock market at RECORD, because they all know Trump is in office until 2024.** The latest Dems game: don’t want to submit Articles of Impeachment to Senate because don’t want corrupt Schitt to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify! AG Barr Indicts 8 For Funneling Millions In Foreign Donations To Schiff, Clinton and Top Democrats! #Despite 17 misconducts at the FBI, not a single person in the FBI was fired. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT? What part of Trump being spied on by the FBI before/during the elections you try hard to not understand? Judge for yourself: **If all the 17 actions by FBI, 100% of them, favor one party, trying to harm the leader of the other party, do you really, for real, truly, seriously, believe there were no FBI political games here?** Articles of impeachment: 1. "Russians!" and a "Colluded!"? No!!!!! 2. "Quid Pro Quo"? No!!!! (even according to you, it was just [supposedly] an "arrangement that never happened".) 3. Democrats lost the elections in 2016. Yes!!!!!! That's it!!!! But officially it's called "Abuse and obstruction". &gt; quid pro quo isn’t an outcome, ... it’s an arrangement. The outcome of the agreement doesn’t need to occur... # We are going to impeach your president, Trump, over an "arrangement"... that never occurred. LOL!!!!!! #Any chance, please, that you give a simple example for a "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" to win USA elections by/with "Trump!"? I don't think there's a chance you can find such an example. Fact: there was no Quid Pro Quo. YES or NO? Neither is Biden being investigated. YES or NO? You know who's your real problem? President Zelensky of the Ukraine who claims there was never ever a Quid Pro Quo. #Did Sondland say "Trump told he does NOT want Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Did Sondland say "I only presumed there will be a Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Democrats Never Apologized or Admitted Being Wrong on Russia, Just Moved on to Ukraine, and Failed there too. Losers! Failures! Keep those hearings! More and more crimes and corruption are found... WITH DEMOCRATS!!!! And please, please, please, please, put "Trump!" on an impeachment trial based on all the "evidence" we have. &gt;&gt; u/reid0 is the same as u/DouglasRather ! #Remember: If Biden hadn't threatened to withhold $1B from the Ukraine, "Trump!" wouldn't be "in trouble" for asking about it!!! #Where's the Whistle Blower? We need some evidence!!! I will compromise: lets bring Hunter Biden just for 5 minutes questioning. Economy is BOOMING. We had yet another record day! Once we finish with the 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, Never Trumpers, whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, the real joy will be to see corrupt Obama, Comey, Strzok, lover Page, Ohr, Simpson, Brazille, Holder, Loretta Lynch, Steele, Brennan, Clapper and Killary(!!!!) being subpoena and having to answer real questions. The end of this show, with a trillion percent guarantee, that there won't be a majority to impeach Trump. There's a ZERO(!!!) chance "Trump!" will be impeached. #Biden, on video, boasts that he did Quid Pro Quo against the Ukraine to make them stop investigating his useless talent-less son. #We will require voter-ID to prevent "Russians!" from voting, for "Trump!". Are you Ok with that? **You are consumed with hate "Trump!" but, funny, you have no clue why.** **All I have from you so far is:** 1. Trump asks to investigate 2. Stormy and her violent jailed lawyer, assisted by a professional liar. #ABOUT F-ING TIME! Ethics complaint against Adam Schitt!!! Back to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!": what do you think about Clapper saying “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.” Trump clearly wins 2020 and then you will have another 4 years to investigate and try to impeach!!! Good deal in my opinion. Do you enjoy "Trump!" who gave us RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market, energy independence, no new wars, withdrawing from useless wars, BEST consumer confidence in decades, HUGE reduction in poverty and food stamps, no Illegal aliens, BIG increase in salary gains for almost 20 years, America FIRST, etc, etc, etc. #Good news!!!!!! Barr started to investigate the source of the "Russians" and a "Colluded" fairy tale. Aren't you happy when things get investigated? Soon, Killary, Obama, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Schitt, and many more will be in jail with CLEAR EVIDENCE. Be thankful that "Trump!" won and is our president, because OTHERWISE, the horror, nobody would find out how corrupt the Democrats are. How is the counter for "Trump!" lies going? Did it reach yet 14,000 lies? **I have a better idea: The democrats should focus on beating Trump at the next election, rather than continuously trying to find reasons (and failing) to impeach him.** #Democrats know that only coup will put them in power, as they are going to lose the next elections big time. #Great news for you: The latest Survey finds that more people would support impeachment if they knew what crime Trump was supposed to have committed!!!! Mueller said: "**The investigation DID NOT ESTABLISH that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**" #It's a well known tried and true political trick: accuse the other side of what you actually did and then nothing will happen to you, for years, while "investigations" go on and on and on and on. #The real investigation started now for the real Collusion: 1. Collusion when AG meets in secret on the tarmac about someone under investigation, Killary. 2. Collusion when the fake-news Media provide questions to Killary in advance of a debate. 3. Collusion when the DNC conspired with Killary to block another candidate in their primary. 4. Collusion when Obama wiretaps the candidate of the opposing party, Trump, to help Killary. 5. Collusion when Adam Shit leaks classified information in a failed attempt to smear Trump. 6. Collusion when Comey gives immunity to persons involved in criminal investigation after they destroyed evidence. I am smarter than you and know exactly the game you are playing here, a game I enjoy and always win. The investigation started for the real "Colluded!" with "Russians!" by Killary: paying Russians for a dossier, private speeches for $500,000 a piece by Killary, DNC rigged election, FBI, DOJ, Obama wire-taps, etc, etc, etc? #Try to use your brain, common sense, and figure out a possible remote way/plan/process for "Russians!" and "Colluded!" with "Trump!" in 4 months from mid-July to November to win a USA elections. Did "Russians!" send cosmic rays to force American to vote Trump? Did "Russians!" cause cheating in counting the votes? Did "Russians!" bribe people to vote for Trump? Did "Russians!" kill democrats or prevented them from voting for Killary? According to Mueller, some unknown Russians spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. That's it! This is how you win elections in the USA. Do you actually, for real, honestly, truly, believe that since mid July 2016, when out of 13 Republicans contenders, Trump won the GOP nomination, and until early November, election day, about 4 months, "Russians!" managed "Colluded!" with "Trump!" to win elections for him? #The collusion was on the DNC and Killary side! Obama uses the FBI to wiretap Trump and place a mole (Stefan Halper) inside Trump's campaign. Fake-news CNN giving debate questions for Killary. Killary gets "donations" from foreign governments, including Russia. DNC pays RUSSIANS for fake dossier about Trump. FBI and DOJ corrupt traitors collaborating with Killary to hide her actions and protect her. #The strategy of Killary and DNC is to accuse Trump of what they actually did, so years will be wasted investigating Trump, and NOT investigating Killary and the DNC. &gt;&gt;Killary paid $6m to have Kremlin operatives create a propaganda Dossier against Trump. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Killary's propaganda used to issue FISA Warrants to spy on Trump, to undermine Trump and sabotage US elections. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Famous video of Obama telling Russian operatives "I will have more flexibility after the elections!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump is doing great job for the USA, and the economy is in very good position. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with the economy, because "Trump!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;You are a sore loser, like all Democrats.
Yes, it's all about costs: what is cheaper? New plastic or recycled plastic. But, Plastic, in almost all cases, is recyclable.
So true!!!
Good point! When an Illegal Alien is at fault in accident with no insurance... Actually, when an Illegal Alien is caught in a minor traffic violation and does not have insurance...
First, please make sure you ALWAYS reply back to me and insist on something related to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" and with "Trump!", to somehow win USA elections for him. # You are not American! Are you a Russian shill? Chinese troll? Where are you from? I did not know the DNC pays foreigners (cheaper) to work for them. &gt; Gallup Again, even Gallup show Trump GAINING support, better than Obama, and all this despite not being as accurate as Rasmussen. So Trump, your president, according to polls, and thanks to "impeachment" is supported by most Americans!!!! In office until 2024!!!! No "impeached" until sent to Senate for a sure rejection. Will not happen because that Biden goes to jail and Trump, your president is acquitted. Tells Dems to send "impeached" to Senate! Please!!! Because of this "impeached", Trump gained support by every poll, raise more money, exposed more corruption at the Dems and will be in office until 2024. Trump, your president, benefited TREMENDOUSLY from this "impeachment" business. Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president, exposed so many criminals and corrupt thanks to this "impeachment". Tell us it's not true. Trump, your president and his admin are now ACTIVELY pursuing those criminals and corrupt people. Tell us it's not true. With at least 1,000,000,000,000%, Trump, your president, will not be impeached in the Senate. **Tell us it's not true.** **Stock market at RECORD, because they all know Trump is in office until 2024.** The latest Dems game: don’t want to submit Articles of Impeachment to Senate because don’t want corrupt Schitt to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify! AG Barr Indicts 8 For Funneling Millions In Foreign Donations To Schiff, Clinton and Top Democrats! #Despite 17 misconducts at the FBI, not a single person in the FBI was fired. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT? What part of Trump being spied on by the FBI before/during the elections you try hard to not understand? Judge for yourself: **If all the 17 actions by FBI, 100% of them, favor one party, trying to harm the leader of the other party, do you really, for real, truly, seriously, believe there were no FBI political games here?** Articles of impeachment: 1. "Russians!" and a "Colluded!"? No!!!!! 2. "Quid Pro Quo"? No!!!! (even according to you, it was just [supposedly] an "arrangement that never happened".) 3. Democrats lost the elections in 2016. Yes!!!!!! That's it!!!! But officially it's called "Abuse and obstruction". &gt; quid pro quo isn’t an outcome, ... it’s an arrangement. The outcome of the agreement doesn’t need to occur... # We are going to impeach your president, Trump, over an "arrangement"... that never occurred. LOL!!!!!! #Any chance, please, that you give a simple example for a "Russians!" and a "Colluded!" to win USA elections by/with "Trump!"? I don't think there's a chance you can find such an example. Fact: there was no Quid Pro Quo. YES or NO? Neither is Biden being investigated. YES or NO? You know who's your real problem? President Zelensky of the Ukraine who claims there was never ever a Quid Pro Quo. #Did Sondland say "Trump told he does NOT want Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Did Sondland say "I only presumed there will be a Quid Pro Quo"? Yes or no? #Democrats Never Apologized or Admitted Being Wrong on Russia, Just Moved on to Ukraine, and Failed there too. Losers! Failures! Keep those hearings! More and more crimes and corruption are found... WITH DEMOCRATS!!!! And please, please, please, please, put "Trump!" on an impeachment trial based on all the "evidence" we have. &gt;&gt; u/reid0 is the same as u/DouglasRather ! #Remember: If Biden hadn't threatened to withhold $1B from the Ukraine, "Trump!" wouldn't be "in trouble" for asking about it!!! #Where's the Whistle Blower? We need some evidence!!! I will compromise: lets bring Hunter Biden just for 5 minutes questioning. Economy is BOOMING. We had yet another record day! Once we finish with the 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, Never Trumpers, whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, the real joy will be to see corrupt Obama, Comey, Strzok, lover Page, Ohr, Simpson, Brazille, Holder, Loretta Lynch, Steele, Brennan, Clapper and Killary(!!!!) being subpoena and having to answer real questions. The end of this show, with a trillion percent guarantee, that there won't be a majority to impeach Trump. There's a ZERO(!!!) chance "Trump!" will be impeached. #Biden, on video, boasts that he did Quid Pro Quo against the Ukraine to make them stop investigating his useless talent-less son. #We will require voter-ID to prevent "Russians!" from voting, for "Trump!". Are you Ok with that? **You are consumed with hate "Trump!" but, funny, you have no clue why.** **All I have from you so far is:** 1. Trump asks to investigate 2. Stormy and her violent jailed lawyer, assisted by a professional liar. #ABOUT F-ING TIME! Ethics complaint against Adam Schitt!!! Back to "Russians!" and a "Colluded!": what do you think about Clapper saying “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.” Trump clearly wins 2020 and then you will have another 4 years to investigate and try to impeach!!! Good deal in my opinion. Do you enjoy "Trump!" who gave us RECORD low unemployment, RECORD stock market, energy independence, no new wars, withdrawing from useless wars, BEST consumer confidence in decades, HUGE reduction in poverty and food stamps, no Illegal aliens, BIG increase in salary gains for almost 20 years, America FIRST, etc, etc, etc. #Good news!!!!!! Barr started to investigate the source of the "Russians" and a "Colluded" fairy tale. Aren't you happy when things get investigated? Soon, Killary, Obama, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Schitt, and many more will be in jail with CLEAR EVIDENCE. Be thankful that "Trump!" won and is our president, because OTHERWISE, the horror, nobody would find out how corrupt the Democrats are. How is the counter for "Trump!" lies going? Did it reach yet 14,000 lies? **I have a better idea: The democrats should focus on beating Trump at the next election, rather than continuously trying to find reasons (and failing) to impeach him.** #Democrats know that only coup will put them in power, as they are going to lose the next elections big time. #Great news for you: The latest Survey finds that more people would support impeachment if they knew what crime Trump was supposed to have committed!!!! Mueller said: "**The investigation DID NOT ESTABLISH that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**" #It's a well known tried and true political trick: accuse the other side of what you actually did and then nothing will happen to you, for years, while "investigations" go on and on and on and on. #The real investigation started now for the real Collusion: 1. Collusion when AG meets in secret on the tarmac about someone under investigation, Killary. 2. Collusion when the fake-news Media provide questions to Killary in advance of a debate. 3. Collusion when the DNC conspired with Killary to block another candidate in their primary. 4. Collusion when Obama wiretaps the candidate of the opposing party, Trump, to help Killary. 5. Collusion when Adam Shit leaks classified information in a failed attempt to smear Trump. 6. Collusion when Comey gives immunity to persons involved in criminal investigation after they destroyed evidence. I am smarter than you and know exactly the game you are playing here, a game I enjoy and always win. The investigation started for the real "Colluded!" with "Russians!" by Killary: paying Russians for a dossier, private speeches for $500,000 a piece by Killary, DNC rigged election, FBI, DOJ, Obama wire-taps, etc, etc, etc? #Try to use your brain, common sense, and figure out a possible remote way/plan/process for "Russians!" and "Colluded!" with "Trump!" in 4 months from mid-July to November to win a USA elections. Did "Russians!" send cosmic rays to force American to vote Trump? Did "Russians!" cause cheating in counting the votes? Did "Russians!" bribe people to vote for Trump? Did "Russians!" kill democrats or prevented them from voting for Killary? According to Mueller, some unknown Russians spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. That's it! This is how you win elections in the USA. Do you actually, for real, honestly, truly, believe that since mid July 2016, when out of 13 Republicans contenders, Trump won the GOP nomination, and until early November, election day, about 4 months, "Russians!" managed "Colluded!" with "Trump!" to win elections for him? #The collusion was on the DNC and Killary side! Obama uses the FBI to wiretap Trump and place a mole (Stefan Halper) inside Trump's campaign. Fake-news CNN giving debate questions for Killary. Killary gets "donations" from foreign governments, including Russia. DNC pays RUSSIANS for fake dossier about Trump. FBI and DOJ corrupt traitors collaborating with Killary to hide her actions and protect her. #The strategy of Killary and DNC is to accuse Trump of what they actually did, so years will be wasted investigating Trump, and NOT investigating Killary and the DNC. &gt;&gt;Killary paid $6m to have Kremlin operatives create a propaganda Dossier against Trump. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Killary's propaganda used to issue FISA Warrants to spy on Trump, to undermine Trump and sabotage US elections. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Famous video of Obama telling Russian operatives "I will have more flexibility after the elections!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Trump is doing great job for the USA, and the economy is in very good position. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;Sorry that you are so upset, sad and depressed about the good news with the economy, because "Trump!" &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;You are a sore loser, like all Democrats.
Dumb black racist woman! &gt;&gt;#What kind of people you want to eliminate? Please tell us!
Nazis were Socialists!!!!
