I think it only gets worse for three years, and every year after the third it holds steady.
Did you miss this part of the comment you replied to? &gt; I actually feel bad for Harold that [he] made the HOF because now he has to defend a career the was great but not Hall of Fame worthy
This is so bizarrely political, and I have no idea where he's even going with it. I love this song, but I'm not really sure what to make of his reworking of it.
I'm not familiar with the group, thanks for the tip. I certainly didn't think he had a *point*, per se, but it sounds something like a topical word salad. The original has more coherence, I think. This isn't bad, I just don't know what to make of it. Anyway, thanks for sharing!
Sounds like you introduced exponential functions in a pretty solid way. I get what you're saying about students complaining. It's good that they complain, because at least it suggests that they're trying to look back and study. You may need to take some extra time and care developing your examples such that the way they end up figuring out the situation is mechanically similar to what's in the book; or you could put together some explanatory materials yourself to supplement the book and match up with what you're having them do. It's certainly not easy (in terms of difficulty or your workload) to buck the patterns that students are used to in how material is presented, but for those who are struggling or have lesser-developed skillsets, it can be extremely rewarding after they get comfortable straying from what they're used to. Discovering principles of mathematical mechanics on their own is so much more memorable than repeatedly drilling on a set of mechanics read from a book.
Let me clarify: it means that they're willing to look back at the book in order to figure out what they're doing enough to bang out homework. I've had plenty of students who would complain *without* going back to the book and trying to figure it out. If it's remedial and they "shouldn't be anywhere near" this content, then I'm telling you: a real-world, situation-first approach is your *only* option.
People confuse brazenness with a lack of intelligence. It's like a serial killer leaving clues. If you think you can't be caught, you might do incredibly foolish things out of sloth or to taunt the authorities.
That was /r/headsupbaseball when it easily could have been /r/headsoffbaseball.
I think you nailed it. If it doesn't seem like Dylan was doing folk-rock in the mid-60s, you're probably listening to the bluesy stuff he was mixing in at the same time, on some of the same records.
But are they *registered* as Libertarians and do they *vote*? They need 10,000 voting members to keep recognition. There are probably enough folks who identify as Ls in Maine, but if they don't register and vote they don't count, regardless of their flags/shirts/stickers.
In Michigan the margin was under 11,000 votes. In Pennsylvania it was just under 45,000. In Wisconsin it was just under 23,000. In all three states Stein had more voters than the margin. There were plenty of pissed-off Sanders supporters who didn't vote, wrote in Bernie, or voted Stein; if they had voted Clinton instead, she would likely be President. There's no guarantee that Bernie would have done as well in the general as Hillary. We can assume he would have, but we don't know what his fundraising, his campaign strategy, his staffing and volunteer levels would have looked like. I was a Bernie guy but to just assume he would have won is asinine.
Libertarians *do* want the state to stop issuing marriage licenses and giving tax breaks to married couples, but many also believe that as long as the institution exists, restricting it to straight couples is an unwarranted insertion of religion into government.
That's basically how this works. The Illusionist was probably rushed to come out first, and then once you'd seen that there was no need to put your money into a second magician picture.
I lost my first horse. She didn't die, at least not that I know of. She was a beautiful Thoroughbred, and she served me well. We raced together, we shot up entire gangs together, and we took risky jumps across ravines. One day when I loaded, she just...wasn't there. I don't remember any big fights or falls; I called for my horse and my simple-minded Tennessee Walker came trotting over. I figured I must have made a mistake and went looking for her at the stables, but she was nowhere to be found. I still miss that horse. Her replacement isn't nearly so pretty or so even-tempered.
I have. I can't be sure, but it doesn't seem to up the pelt ratings on massive animals like bison; i.e. if it's a 2-star animal to begin with and I get him in one shot, I should still get a 2-star pelt even if the carcass dropped down to 1 star. With smaller animals, especially rabbits and birds, it seems like I consistently get perfect pelts unless the original animal was 1 star.
A big reason for that is that some schmuck mods /r/yankees and caused a schism (he mods a bunch of other shit subs, like I think /r/mlb, and bans people who mention the "real" subs) so many new fans just don't know that /r/nyyankees exists. The two combined have 50k, and I don't think there's much overlap. Fuck the Yankees and everything, I just don't think this is a big deal.
What are you saying doesn't exist in Maine? I see your emojis but I don't get it from context.
Ah, gotcha. I see those references on here all the time and so didn't recognize them as from Section 10. I'm not really a podcast guy so while I like Carrabis I've never heard it. And I'm writing this message from my cell phone in Maine, can't wait for those ideas to die hahaha
But the Rangers are in the West.
Read the whole article. He didn't submit a ballot so that he doesn't have to vote for a closer but Mo still has a chance at being unanimous.
I really don't have any special personal or partisan animosity for Moody, but it's a lot harder to be a dink about it when you lose by 8 points against the first majority for a first-term Maine governor in a generation than if it were close, using novel electoral means, or if you felt you had a legacy to protect.
You might just be recreating wRC+, but that's a great way to practice -- see how close you come.
Isn't there a *minimum* of four players that must be inducted every year? Not sure why I got downvoted, the Hall's website itself states that [between four and eight new members will be inducted every year](https://www.profootballhof.com/heroes-of-the-game/becoming-a-hall-of-famer/).
That's probably because they're dreams within a dream, and further removed from reality and its logic than the first-order dreams.
Control isn't a personal quality like adaptability is; they're not directly opposed to one another. Control is more of an outcome that you seek, and being adaptable helps you gain and maintain that control. It sounds like you're just suggesting that being a true party insider (i.e. the kind of person who raises money for and campaigns for a broad array of candidates around the country; by a broader definition every member of Congress, governor, and federal appointed official is an insider) is beneficial to your campaign, which of course will almost always be true in a primary campaign where the electorate are devoted party members. Having and expending influence within a political party will help, but being adaptable is still an important character quality for candidates and campaigns to have.
Much of that was the loan, but even the cash transfer was more than the top payroll. So it would be like a $250M, $300M cash transfer plus an even bigger loan.
You shouldn't mix your hypothetical with your argument for Andruw. I believe Jones is HoF-worthy, but if he had actually hit .000/.000/.000 without ever making contact, the *negative* value of his offense would be too much to put him in the Hall without similarly-absurd defensive statistics (e.g. if he recorded a putout or assist on literally every ball in play in every game he ever played). Also, defense isn't a skill; it's a set of related skills (speed, ability to read balls off the bat, ability to determine and take the best route to a ball, quick reflexes, arm strength, arm accuracy, to name most of them) that collectively result in an outcome. It's the *outcomes* that make someone worthy of the Hall, not the skills themselves, or Billy Hamilton would be on his way to Cooperstown for his game speed. Mariano is a Hall-of-Famer not because of his one phenomenal pitch, but because of his ability to consistently generate fantastic outcomes over a long career with that one pitch. In that respect, I don't think it's internally inconsistent to believe that Andruw *or* your hypothetical player isn't worthy of the Hall but Mariano is--though, to reiterate, while your hypothetical guy isn't Hall-worthy in my opinion, Jones and Rivera both *clearly* are. As for DHs, they can also be Hall-worthy, because again, "offense" is much larger than one skill, it's an outcome or series of outcomes. And here's the thing: a DH can provide a mountain of value on offense, and he's guaranteed not to contribute negatively on defense. That limits his value, but it also puts a floor on his value for any given offensive output. But your hypothetical guy is producing *massive* negative value on offense, which negates the value from his defense. Most DHs aren't Hall-worthy (Edgar, Ortiz, and Frank Thomas if you count him are the only three I think we've yet seen) but they *could* be, while an otherworldly defender who doesn't walk and can't make contact will almost definitely sap his overall value with his bat.
Is this your first time on the internet? Of *course* they're going to keep making the same joke. The whole internet is basically a field full of dead horses, with people flogging mercilessly away at them.
Thanks for that, I got a hearty laugh out of that one.
Well, 1% is about right for a savings account (the best you'll get right now is around 2%, which isn't going to quite keep up with inflation) and that's significantly more liquid than stock proceeds. I'm saying I don't think it's quite as easy to live off as you imagine (depending on age, of course), though it's absolutely possible.
I didn't say "extreme" liquidity, you don't have to put words in my mouth or be a dick. This thread is toxic, I'm out, have fun.
Oh my god. Mention Microsoft's anechoic chamber and you would have hit the trifecta of most commented comments in this thread.
I always think of him as a 3B. You can kind of age people based on their perception of Rose's position, haha.
And you made it in a way that didn't land. I'm trying to help you out here, bud.
At this point I'm just explaining myself. My first comment was the only one offering advice. You can take it or leave it, no difference to me. Have a nice day.
Do you think anything I said was insincere?
Of course not. I've been sincere in this whole interaction.
Why so hostile? Using gender as an attack is fifth-grade stuff.
It's not an insult unless you use it that way, and I don't know that I gave you any indication I was a woman.
&gt; I really trust Cashman Not "I think Cashman is smart," not "I don't like him but I respect the good work he does," but "I really **trust** Cashman." That's fan language. You're a Yankees fan.
Oh, I know. You'll notice I haven't said anything in 12 hours. I'm done.
He's not that good. A good troll would have lasted more than a day before being exposed; this is some 15-year-old with no stamina who thinks just pumping out a bunch of responses in the first 48 hours will make him a legend. People will have forgotten this guy in a week.
That's some goddamned poetry. Guy gets his cup of coffee, knows it isn't getting better than that, and hangs 'em up.
It's interesting to me that people have this take, when Jose Fernandez was given all the blame for the death of his two friends even though they were drinking with him and willingly got on the boat. I don't know what the "right" moral answer is, just think it's weird how people come to drastically different conclusions in similar situations.
This looks cool as hell to make, but it doesn't look the least bit appetizing.
I don't follow basketball as much and I'm pretty sure PER (which was "blended" into their ratings for basketball players here) is a rate stat, but is it just me or is it absolutely insane that James Harden's 18-19 season is on this list with only 35 team games (just above 40% of the schedule) played?
I assume your analysis is spot-on, and thanks, but what I'm trying to figure out is if that number for value should be so high so early. Is it so different from WAR, which is a counting stat that grows more or less linearly throughout the year?
[Sano, speaking about the Trop after the game](https://giphy.com/gifs/aaron-paul-jesse-pinkman-he-cant-keep-getting-away-with-this-3oEjHCWdU7F4hkcudy?utm_source=media-link&amp;utm_medium=landing&amp;utm_campaign=Media%20Links&amp;utm_term=https://giphy.com/gifs/aaron-paul-jesse-pinkman-he-cant-keep-getting-away-with-this-3oEjHCWdU7F4hkcudy)
Yeah, but kids accidentally poke things, it's part of their shtick. But missing half a season because you fell asleep with your baby in your arms? That's unusual.
It's more about *allowing* enforcement when feasible; you can't prosecute for something that's not against the law, regardless of how much evidence you have. This won't fix the problem but it allows people to be prosecuted when they're caught.
[Here's the bill text](http://www.mainelegislature.org/legis/bills/bills_129th/chapters/PUBLIC185.asp) for the curious. Underlines are the new language in each section, strikethroughs are language being removed. It's worth noting that, while there's no specific exception for political robocalls, this law doesn't make them illegal; they're constitutionally-protected by the First Amendment, so they'll likely continue.
That's such a video game thing to do that you can't actually even do it in video games.
People need to see this response. I saw the results last night, and when I was going through the PDF all I could think about was how amateur it looked—not just in the presentation and design (though certainly that, too), but there were a number of errors (the "direction of Maine" slide suggests that Baldacci was still governor in Fall of *'11*) and misleading statements (the Jared Golden slide says his 38% approval is "similar to" Bruce Poliquin's 36% in Fall '18, but Golden has only 15% disapproval, whereas Poliquin had [**43%** disapproval](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_W8V6ab5O57X3JDUVRSanZTa01tWks1b3dtY1dja1dacXFv/view?usp%3Dsharing) [see slide 18]) that demonstrate that CI should be taken with a grain of salt unless you get a peek under the hood at the tables themselves.
&gt; not actually designed to do anything Again, it's not the solution, but a solution *isn't possible* if the behavior itself isn't outlawed. We can bitch all we want about this not accomplishing anything, but it didn't take up a significant amount of time or resources for the Legislature to pass this and the governor to sign it, and this is quite literally *the only thing* the state can actually do about it.
None of that matters if you're not a basketball fan, though, or if your love of baseball is significantly greater than your love of basketball, or if you're one of those split-city sports fans who roots for the Tribe but not the Cavs.
Jesus, Billy is fast. As good as Yadi is, the number of extra bases Hamilton got from errant throws is equal to the number of times Yadi has caught him stealing.
Eh, this has a long way to go to make the Top Ten list of Longest-Lasting Memes. I mean, if the RIP Wade Boggs thing is actually dying down (which it may be), it's only *just* dying down now, years after it became a thing.
I thought this was a joke about how Devers is 12 years old and in Little League, but there's actually a 16-year age gap. I guess in dating, as in baseball, Devvy Dingers plays above his age.
I don't even get what you're suggesting. Half a season is exaggeration, but Buchholz only made two starts between May 22 and September 10 in 2013 because [he fell asleep while holding his baby](https://www.masslive.com/redsox/2013/07/red_sox_pitcher_clay_buchholz_8.html). All I'm saying is that Holt's injury is a lot less improbable than Buchholz's.
Fair enough, and I'm always happy to have real discussion, even with a Yankee fan. Cheers!
And Andrew Miller.
Yeah, but knuckleballers get an asterisk in this argument, because not every catcher can reliably catch/block the knuckleball. Any catcher could catch deGrom.
And who are *they*?
I would think both guys might get pushed to sign a minor-league deal with 30 days to call them up; they could still get a big salary, but they would have 30 days to get ready or become FAs again. That way the signing team doesn't have to use a 40-man spot on them until they're ready.
I agree that's probably the way either of them would fall on that issue, but at this point I'm not wholly convinced there's a team that would let them come straight to the big-league club without some tune-up work.
You're absolutely right, that risk is built in. And honestly, this would be arguably an abuse of the MiL-with-option deal, and the commissioner could veto such a deal as circumventing the CBA (the MLBPA might also need to sign off). But given the likelihood that both will need to shake off some rust, it's a possibility.
&gt; current and former employees of NPR might "reluctantly admit" that NPR "suffers from a liberal bias", to put that worm in the minds of Liberals / Progressives' / Leftists, so that they can feel comfortable knowing that they are listening to reality radio. I think it's more likely that the word "liberal" means a host of different things in different contexts, and most of those current and former NPR folks see themselves as liberal--regardless of the fact that there are many liberals/leftists/etc. who would find their stances on Israel/Palestine, or Venezuela, or other issues to be abhorrent.
I guess my take is that NPR *is* for liberals--just a very particular type of liberal. There are some folks I know, staunch Democrats usually, who are in complete lockstep, even though a couple of them don't listen to NPR. It would be better if they could present a more impartial viewpoint, for sure, and I take their news with a grain of salt.
Are you saying that not many non-Yankee fans know that CC is a lefty? Because I really don't think that's true, even a little bit.
That's just you, my guy. I think if you named ML pitchers, of the ones I recognize their name, I'd have an 80%+ recognition of right- or left-handed. I may be an outlier, but I think I'm closer to the average fan than you are on that count.
Yup. I knew I'd get blasted for that comment, but I wanted to point out that Mookie also hit the ground running and probably could have been up a year earlier than he was. Obviously Trout is a generational talent *at least*. I think it's dumb that you can't talk about players who aren't Trout in a Trout thread (especially since I'm being as clear as I can to recognize that Trout is a better player than Mookie), but c'est la vie.
I almost included EU and CK2 on the list, but while they're grand in scale and complex (and some would argue dry in the same way that OOTP and EVE are), I've never found myself using spreadsheets to manage things in the game. I guess it seems anachronous, haha.
Would it have been rigging the system if it had been proposed after John Baldacci won reelection with just 38% of the vote in 2006? Or after 2000, when Al Gore won Maine's electoral votes but only with 49%?
Absolutely. We agree at least 95%, I think, and if we disagree, it's mostly around wording. I'll be interested to see what the system looks like in another year or two, with more development time and a couple more drafts.
&gt; 1. Tabulation of ballots. Tabulation of ballots cast in the presidential primary election for each party must proceed according to the ranked-choice method of tabulating votes described in section 723-A. That's directly from the text of the bill. Section 723-A is Maine's current RCV tabulation process. The bill, as written, would require the **exact same** tabulation as we use for other primaries, which is out of line with DNC rules. &gt;"Just right" is something governments rarely will agree on. I will settle for, "better than we have now". If that's true, then you'll argue for changing or removing the primary language, because it very clearly *disenfranchises* Maine Democrats, who would have no say in the 2020 presidential primary if this bill passes as is.
Precisely. The parent comment has clearly partisan goals, but RCV is a much better system than plurality, *regardless* of who benefits in a particular election or political unit. (It's likely that progressive candidates will benefit in Maine for the foreseeable future, but I'd support this just as fiercely where it benefits conservatives.) Also, for what it's worth, I'm really an Approval Voting man, but I support RCV because it's better than plurality and has momentum. (This is a reference to another comment thread; I'm not an all-or-nothing advocate, and totally support "better than what we have" when it's feasible. I just don't think the primary component of this bill is an improvement.)
So, it's actually not my interpretation; it's the interpretation of some members of leadership within the Maine Democratic Party, based on what they've been told by people at the DNC. And I'll also admit that, in my haste, I forgot the paragraph you quoted exists (it came into existence during the drafting process, mostly as a response to Republican opposition; that is, it was meant to allow the GOP to use plurality if they so choose) and that does force me to amend my position. If the bill passes, as is, the Maine Democratic Party will be able to use the plurality results. But if the Maine Dems tried to use the RCV tabulation in awarding national convention pledged delegates, the delegation wouldn't be seated. So it's not technically a step backward toward disenfranchisement, but it doesn't address what it aims to address. I should also say that, while I'm not actively opposed to using RCV in the primaries (so long as it's implemented in a way that the national parties will accept), I don't support it at a philosophical level. The presidential primary process is **already** a majority process; for both major parties, a candidate cannot be elected by the national convention until they receive a majority of delegates. I'm whole-heartedly in support of using RCV for all other elections, primary and general (though, as I've stated, my preference is for Approval Voting in most elections), but using RCV for the presidential primary means taking a system that has been designed to produce a majority winner, and imposing a second layer on it which attempts to do the same thing. If someone were proposing replacing the primary system with a one-day national presidential primary, using either the Electoral College system or a national popular vote, and not having national conventions nominate candidates, I would support using RCV for that election. But switching to RCV in the manner that this bill would do *reduces* the power that supporters of "lesser" candidates have, since if they can get their candidate 15% in a number of states, they would get pledged delegates who can then participate in the nominating process, but if RCV names a single winner for the state, no other candidate's supporters will get delegate spots to the convention at all.
&gt; if a player doesn’t want to play for the team they don’t sign Both Johnson and Frazier were *traded* to the Yankees and had no choice. Also, if just hair, and having a beard isn't important, why is *not* having a beard important? Why support the restrictive policy for something that doesn't matter? We consistently, as fans, support the rights of billion-dollar corporations instead of the workers, and it drives me nuts.
Exactly. Broadcasters and marketers will use it, and have since 2001, though it gets little play organically.
Goddamn, that is sad news. I always liked Cutch (notwithstanding his 25-game Yankee stint). I hope he recovers and comes back strong next season.
People did during his playing days. I've always hated the [first initial - first three letters of last name] "nickname" format, but it's easy and people do it. I don't know what to call Eddie Rodriguez, because I refuse to use that format with his name.
Or, for those poor souls who came of age in the very late 80s to early 90s, maybe both.
As someone who doesn't really follow football and its memes...um, what?
"So we asked New Yorkers what they thought" Hahaha, I'm surprised it wasn't a stronger negative reaction, honestly I get why people are weirded out, but I think I'd agree with the last expert they talked to — the only really weird or bad thing about it is tying the kiss to Brady letting his kid do something.
Have you ever done a live removal? I have. At least, I've helped with one. A good friend of mine is a beekeeper and she let me help with a couple of live removals as a way to get over a fear of bees. I'm not an expert, no, but the firsthand experience I do have (as well as the secondhand knowledge from conversations with my friend who *is* an expert) suggests there's nothing behind this company's statement.
This game looks cool and I'll probably give it a shot, but when I read the headline my caffeine-deprived brain thought this was about the game with cats on an island (Cat Island?) and I got irrationally excited.
I definitely didn't have you in mind with that comment, and it was meant jovially. He does need to improve, get back to where he was at the start of this season and most of the last.
I don't know if local police or state troopers are more appropriate, but we need some type of Leo to stop this negativity.
&gt; The Astros organization was probably not that committed to him in the long run. Clearly, since they offered him a much smaller deal at the time and then didn't really push for him (unless I'm misremembering) after he became a free agent.
He also had a shit '16 that lowered the value of the last two years because of arbitration, which was just a hard-luck result for Keuchel. Take '15 Keuchel and simulate the next three years, I'd bet he has a better '16 (and so a better arb payoff in '17 and '18) 8 times out of 10. That would reduce the face value of the last two years on the offer; I don't know that it would have been entirely reasonable to *expect* him to only pull $30M in arb those three years.
It's tough, because the best comparison would be a similar deal given to an arbitration-eligible pitcher of a similar caliber, all within a year or two of the offer to Keuchel. That's so many qualifiers that I doubt there is a good comp. We *have* to consider FA pitchers to an extent, at least in terms of what was a reasonable expectation of Keuchel's future FA value at that time, but you're right that a direct comparison is inappropriate.
You don't think *who* understands? Spotrac has this as a $21.21M contract that counts as $13M for tax purposes (and is worth $13M because of proration). That's also basically what the OP says. So unless my reading comprehension has gone sharply downhill, it appears that it *is* a prorated contract, so what's not to understand?
&gt;So, they officially signed him @ $21.05mil for 1 yr? Yes. Actually, [Spotrac has it at $21.*21*M](https://www.spotrac.com/mlb/atlanta-braves/dallas-keuchel-11592/), a hair more than Sherman reported, but still $13M paid out and $13M toward the luxury tax.
Playing the long con.
I'd take Pedro over Sale for winning a single game, without question. Pedro single-handedly saved the 1999 season by pitching six no-hit innings *in relief* in Game 5 of the ALDS (the first of the modern Sox playoff comebacks) despite being pretty badly injured. Give me that grit and raw talent any day. Also, you can't really count Clemens's *entire* career, or it becomes "who was the best HoF-talent pitcher who played a season for the Sox?" All the Cy Youngs he won elsewhere don't matter, in my opinion, though even just counting time in Boston, Rocket is far and away the best in terms of career numbers.
Off the top of my head I think it was 165, but yeah - absolutely insane offensive year, even in the run-scoring environment of the Steroid Era.
Nope. He was 1-1 with a very pedestrian 3.80 ERA against the Yankees in the regular season that year (season ERA of 2.22), and the Yankees' .718 OPS against Pedro was better than any other team that year. Pedro lost Game 3 of the ALCS, giving up all 4 ER the Yankees scored (and all in the first 4 innings, though he pitched 7). By Pedro standards, he was mediocre at best against the Yankees in 2003, though he did have a couple of good starts (and had a great 7 innings in Game 7, before Grady left him in too long).
Any time! And yeah, that's one of the greatest performances I've ever seen as it was happening.
Hey, if you've never voted and you're not an All-Star Game nerd, why *would* you know? I'm just glad I could share some useless trivia.
&gt; especially with how PC we are on everything "Political correctness" often refers to paying attention to people's feelings, so if that's not something you support, you probably shouldn't support paying so much mind to the feelings of a bunch of long-dead soldiers.
( gulp)
Then there's Bonds, who hacked the teacher's computer and gave himself a 145.
I'm just messing with you based on all the Rox fans I know. The first time I visited friends in Denver was like a sitcom rendition of what legal pot might look like, with a bunch of guys with paper bags and too-wide grins who couldn't stop giggling long enough to say Tulowitzki.
Punctuation is your friend.
Thanks for being the one person to post a clip instead of quoting the movie without naming it. I've never seen this before and it's hilarious.
Here's their [previous answer](https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/btofid/abraham_redsox_roster_moves_dustin_pedroia/ep0or27?context=1) to that question.
Thanks, I hadn't seen that. The point stands, though, that we should let things develop before taking them as gospel. Papi's papi was correct when he said no organ damage, but was just shortly thereafter made a liar.
I'm pretty sure a whole liver from any Sox fan is worse for Papi than his own partial liver, given the high concentration of alcohol in all of ours.
There's still a 1099, so it remains unclear why the number of pay stubs would make any difference for tax purposes.
*team up by one* *"We're fucked, game over"* &gt;Smidge of an overreaction no?
*What if I told you ... that a blind man could become a major-league umpire? That sometimes it *isn't* racism that prevents a Latino from getting a good job? What if I told you that it's possible to be hated by every fanbase, and to be the primary cause of robot umps?*
/u/EdwinMoq
Fuck you, buddy.
Yup. That's straight-up bullshit. I don't play a lot of online and I end up away more often than not. The other day I started a game at home and thought, "Oh good, now I don't have to hear that stupid fucking horn." Bottom of the third, I strike out, the goddamned air horn plays and I lose my shit.
Yeah, OP took the Rangers' broadcasters at their word, but title is (and those broadcasters are) straight-up wrong. That was gogogogogogostop, not a stop sign.
It's for sure Kim; I remember him coaching for the Cubs just a couple of years after he left Boston.
It's closer than it looks, because the catcher anti-frames the hell out of it (presumably crossed up).
And also much less great work. The relentless perfectionism is part of the perfect storm of personality that made Dylan the artist we know and love.
&gt; Objective measure of ability is a huge indicator in competence and success as a leader. Citation needed. I can just as easily contend that the people who are most competent at front-line jobs are often not the same people with the big-picture mentality and management skills to be successful at upper-level work. If you're going to make a big claim like that, you ought to have something to back it up.
I interpreted the comment I responded to to mean that objectively assessing a worker's ability to do the *front-line work* is a key indicator of management skills, which seems like a huge leap without any justification.
That's an interesting idea, though it would necessitate having a stopper as well who could come in with one or two outs in the 8th in high-leverage situations. But I'm also not sure how accurate that impression of Hembree is. He's allowed 5 of 23 inherited runners to score; out of the 124 relievers who have inherited at least 10 runners, his 21.74% IS% is 37th, putting him well above average. If you increase the minimum to 20 inherited runners, he's 5th of 17. If you reduce it to 5, he's 81st of 235. I'm not sure what an appropriate minimum is, but it seems safe to say he's around the 70th percentile (maybe a little lower) in terms of preventing inherited runners from scoring.
Oh shit. [That's not great news](https://www.masslive.com/redsox/2019/06/heath-hembree-boston-red-sox-reliever-unavailable-due-to-forearm-tightness-thursday.html).
His slow starts keep getting slower every year, but the defense seems to get even better, and if the offense can survive his black-hole phase, he usually comes out of it strong.
How in the hell are there that many dogs at the park, and none of them seems to give a single fuck about the literal *thousands* of people and other dogs in attendance?
How else would you describe her? The most notable/important work she's done has been as a lobbyist, and I think activist is a much less toxic label for her. Also, FWIW, there are plenty of Democratic Party activists who are moderates, so I don't know that that label will harm her there. Perhaps you mean among unenrolled and Green Independent voters. (Conservatives and Republicans aren't really Sweet's concern anyway.)
It's not that I don't trust owners' judgment, it's that I don't think I've ever met a dog who could stay that calm in that environment, and there you have hundreds or thousands of dogs like that in one place. It's wild.
It's not editorializing—she *is* an activist. The corresponding headlines would say "Democratic Congresswoman Chellie Pingree," "Democratic Speaker Sara Gideon," or "Democratic Secretary of State Matt Dunlap." Betsy hasn't been elected to office, so they need some way to refer to her. (Similarly, it was "Democratic doctor Cat London" before she dropped out.)
Yeah, I generally stay neutral in primaries, but I think she's a strong candidate and she'll do great, and possibly win depending on her competition. It's just silly to say the news can't refer to her as an activist when that has essentially been her profession.
I think "activist" is better than "lobbyist," which is the only other logical descriptor. It's just her history.
Michaud is content working in his hometown, away from the limelight. He also lost the Tri-Town area (Millinocket, East Mill, and Medway) in his 2014 gubernatorial bid; he's not a viable candidate in that part of the state like he was as an incumbent Congressman.
It seems to me (as a person who isn't really in the market) that it would make more sense to try and revive /r/mainer4r, which has some existing subs and is more likely to be found by people typing in possible sub names.
Pitt the Elder!
Aw man, that's my favorite Ron Swanson quote and you just made it about Yankee dingers. What a depressing day.
That's not true. You're legally entitled to use up any type of leave (sick days, personal days, vacation) that you would otherwise have available to you, and you can't be fired for going on leave so there's not really a need to look at other employment.
If you have any kind of paid time off, your employer is legally required to let you exhaust that time off while covered by FMLA.
This is funny in the abstract but doesn't really seem worth a post, *especially* when it's just a screencap that looks like a still from a bigfoot video. If it were an actual video where you could tell it was Sale, maybe.
I'm not trying to say anything about the situation at hand; I'm just correcting a misconception about FMLA.
You gotta flair up if you're gonna throw shade, especially in a thread specifically created for throwing shade.
&gt; Yankees fans are crowning themselves already Yeah, I've seen a few different Yankee fans berating sad Toronto fans who don't want to see EE on the Yankees, and saying things like, "Why aren't you happy? *He's getting his ring.*"
Yup. The thing that always pisses me off is when people say "I don't feel bad for him, he's fuckin' rich" like athletes who have signed a big contract can't have human experiences and negative emotions. Sure, it's part of the job to tough it out through a bad stretch, but he's been so bad and caught enough shit for it that there's no way it doesn't weigh on him every day. I'll root for Yankee players to fail every day of the week, but I wouldn't wish what he's going through on anyone. If Manny Machado were a Yankee I might wish it on him, but even that's pushing it.
There's no replacing you, /u/thebasketball_fan. We'll just have to live without facts for a day.
And that tip is, "Stay out of politics, bub."
Hottest take of the year.
Happy 29th!
That's a whole lot of certainty for a statement you can't possibly know the truth of.
How do we keep it? There isn't even a consensus within the US that it's a good thing: the *president* has argued against the existence of some of these institutions.
A significant reason for the Brexit "experiment" going as it has is that there wasn't a national consensus *against* the status quo any more than there was one *for* it; this is the benefit the status quo has, that institutional inertia plays in its favor. I should be clear here that I'm not arguing that the existing international order will, or is likely to, fall. I asked my original question because the top-level response seemed to want some fleshing out, so I encouraged that by asking a question. I think it's foolhardy to believe that the existing order will persist without work to sustain it, but at the same time, work is happening to sustain it, and I wouldn't bet against the existing order.
Haha, no worries. I'm not the person you replied to initially, I was just passing through and saw the comments. Now you know that you were within striking distance of the real, original Portland!
Yeah, Angel keeps finding ways to fuck players even when he isn't on the field.
I'm not entirely convinced of that. If the US were to pull back significantly from world affairs (I don't think *total* pullback is even possible because of the structure of our economy, but that's not wholly relevant), that would be a huge opening for China to exert economic, and therefore political, influence. China is bigger than the next three economies combined, and has already been angling to increase its global political power. If the US decided to go full pre-WWI isolationist tomorrow, China would make significant inroads in all sorts of developing places before the nations of the EU could step in, I think.
I can't tell if you're just memeing or if you're serious, so I'll reply assuming you really mean it. It's a natural consequence of your best players playing badly that you'll lose more often, and conversely that your players will perform more poorly in losses than in wins. Beni isn't a particularly bad offender; take a look at [these numbers for Mookie, Xander, and Pedey across their whole careers](https://imgur.com/2nSvX9p). Take special note of the "tOPS+" field. That's the player's OPS in this split (in our cases, in wins and in losses) compared to his career OPS, on the standard OPS+ scale where 100 is average. Note that the difference between Beni's tOPS+ in wins vs losses is 47 points. He's a little better than normal in wins, and significantly worse in losses. Then look at those numbers for Mookie and X. Their numbers are significantly higher in wins, and lower in losses. Mookie has an OPS almost identical to Beni in losses (.680 for Mookie to .678 for Beni), but an OPS that's almost *200 points better* in wins (1.031 to .870). I think, if we did a correlational study, we would find that Mookie and Xander's success as hitters correlated more directly with wins and losses than Beni. Interestingly, Pedroia's rate stats are all around pretty similar to Beni. Add 30 points to BA in wins and losses and add a little bit to the OPS, but generally pretty similar on the triple slash stats and on the tOPS+ split between wins and losses.
Fair. One way or the other, we should have more of an idea what the situation is soon enough, and how bad things really are for Alex Jones in this case.
Yup. The numbers in the graphic are correct, but the title/labeling is as backwards as it could be.
At-bats per homer*
I can ~~almost~~ guarantee you should shut the hell up.
I'm not right. Because I didn't say anything. I just said (to paraphrase) "get outta here with that pessimistic bullshit." I didn't say that Brewer would hold the lead, though if you had asked me I would have said "I hope he does."
Interestingly, 4 of those were in the 8th inning and 2 more in the 7th. So maybe the Sox *don't* need a 9th inning guy! ^^^jokes
Well, you're not wrong — there's a lot of hostility in this sub, both over pessimism *and* optimism. It gets tiring. I'll admit the pessimism, or at least certain strains of it, drive me nuts sometimes. But really I wish we could all just enjoy the baseball season together. Go Sox!
Congratulations York, Cumberland, Androscoggin, Oxford, and Franklin counties; you've been partitioned. Looks like they took Jackman, too.
Committing big money to either is a risk. And, given JD's recent injury history, he may not opt out — he's got one more year at $23.75M, and then after 2020 he'll be heading into his age-33 season, so something more than the 2/$40M-ish he'll still be guaranteed might be a stretch. I think Porc has earned serious consideration for an extension, but it will depend what he asks for. He'll be going into his age-31 season next year, and he's proven himself to be a capable league-average pitcher who eats innings. (Seriously, in almost 2000 IP, his career WAA is 1.4; that's as close to average as you can get.) I'd rather spend money on Mookie and let Porc walk, if it was a binary choice, but in the more complex situation the Sox will find themselves in, I'm not sure what the right call will be.
If Porc is willing to take 3 years or less at about $20M, it's probably worth it. Any more in money or years and it starts to get dicey.
With JD, the bigger risk is injuries rather than straight regression. He's already missed games a couple of different times this year with back flare-ups; as long as it's just a few games a season that's not bad, but if it starts becoming 15-20 or more, it will likely also have an impact on his performance. Pitchers are always a bigger risk, but the big question is how much Porc would want. If he's willing to take an AAV of $15M-$20M on a contract of no more than 3 years, it's probably worth it. If he wants bigger money than that, it becomes a serious question mark. I wouldn't commit to giving either of them a blank check. If JD opts out, I wouldn't offer him *too* much more than he's already getting; maybe an additional year beyond what he was already guaranteed, and give him what he's made these last two years as the AAV. If that's not enough to keep him, I'd be wary. Porc, again, if he wants more than $20M per year or more than 3 years, I'd be wary there as well.
I honestly can't imagine a more self-destructive behavior for the umpires' union to engage in, and despite all the "lol #umpshow" memes, it surprises me that whoever is in charge of social media would allow this to happen, or to go this long without a blistering condemnation of the intern who did it, if it wasn't sanctioned. We already live in a time period where American sentiment is pretty hostile toward unions. Umpires have more than their share of PR problems, as well, and the threat of automation lurking in the shadows. The technology might not be quite there yet, but there are many in MLB fandom who are just waiting for the right trigger that they can successfully agitate for a full Robo Ump revolution. Given that backdrop, it's asinine for the umpires to allow someone making statements on their behalf to post those things on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mlbua/status/1141032325293195268?s=21) and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/category/Sports/MLBUA-2102580646620724/). It makes the umps look like chumps, and exacerbates their PR problems. They look weak-willed, like hypocrites, and it calls into question whether they can continue to do their job impartially (many would argue that they don't do it impartially to begin with, and this just adds fuel to that fire). But, more importantly, it invites a response from MLB. And that response can only go two ways, both of which are terrible for the MLBUA. Either MLB does what they did, condemn the MLBUA for its statements and make them look even worse, and possibly diminishing their standing in disputes among MLB/MLBPA/MLBUA. Or, MLB could have said nothing or endorsed the MLBUA position — which then *completely undermines* MLBUA's ability to fight back when players comment publicly about umps. MLB truly had MLBUA's back by condemning their statement; if not, the long-term repercussions would have likely included players opening the floodgates with regard to criticizing umpires, which could have had disastrous consequences for the umpires. It could still happen, though MLB stepping in and openly criticizing MLBUA gives them cover to continue disciplining players who speak out.
Then just say that in your first comment. It was obviously a joke at Flint's expense. I'm not speaking on behalf of the joker; you can certainly call the joke tasteless, and on the internet there's such a wide variety of levels of sensitivity to any given topic that I'm not going to referee that fight. If you don't like it, just say so to the person making the joke, and move on.
You may be right. I don't think it was an intern, but it's unfathomable that a key decision maker for the union would do this, *and* no one else has the clout and/or foresight to take it down and at least scapegoat an intern.
y u do dis
Oh shit, good call. I'm scrolling down to see if NBC's *Kings* is on here, but fucking *Terriers* was so good. Some of my favorite shows only got one season and it sucks.
An inning ago it was 2-2 score, 2-2 count, 2 outs, 2 on, 12th inning, and I just thought, *man, if it were the 22nd it would be perfect*. If this game goes that long, I'm sorry.
A Mookie moment!
At the same time, most of the people who would squeal so quickly are smart enough to know that about themselves, and not get involved in covert plots against the state (or other powers that have the will and ability to torture to get information out of you).
Nah, he'd pour O'Doul's with an inch of head, and lie to you and tell you it was real beer with real alcohol.
Ask the UK folks who are already on /r/redsox.
I think you misunderstand their question. They're not asking if this abolishes electoral votes, or if it's connected to the effort to do an end-run around the Electoral College by awarding states' EVs to the national popular vote winner. They're asking if this new law changes Maine's status as one of two states in the nation to award EVs by Congressional District (plus two for the overall state winner), instead of awarding all EVs to the overall state winner regardless of Congressional District performance. Nebraska is the other state.
&gt; You don't see the jump up when she was elected It didn't jump up when Mills was elected. It didn't *jump* at all — we're talking a difference of 0.3% which, while significant to any folks who lost their jobs in that window, isn't a meaningful shift from a policy perspective. And no, it didn't shift up at all when Mills was elected; it went up that 0.3% *before* she was elected, peaking in November 2018 and then declining to **exactly where it was one year ago**. More importantly, it's asinine to attribute state unemployment levels to a governor or legislature unless there's significant variation between the state's unemployment levels and the federal levels. We don't live in a vacuum; policy at the federal level and (more importantly) global market conditions have a deep impact on the economic situation here at home. If you look at the graph that *you* cited, you'll see that Maine's unemployment has been roughly a half-point to a point below the federal level, and very much following the federal trend, since March 2009. Prior to that, the two were nearly identical from 2006 to March 2009. Long story short, you're grasping at straws with your argument here: your data does not show what you say it shows, by any way of interpreting the data, and even if it did, it's not a reasonable argument to pin unemployment numbers on state-level officials if there's no significant variation from federal trends (there isn't). That isn't to say you can't make an economic argument against Mills; it's specifically to say that **this ain't it**.
[Here's the text of the bill, LD 1083](http://legislature.maine.gov/legis/bills/getPDF.asp?paper=SP0315&amp;item=1&amp;snum=129). And here's the relevant section [note, reddit doesn't have underlines, so where you see italics, that represents an underline to denote new text in the law]: &gt; **2. Presidential electors.** The presidential electors at large shall cast their ballots for the presidential and vice-presidential candidates who received the ~~largest number of~~ *most* votes in the State *as determined by the ranked-choice method of tabulating votes described in section 723-A*. The presidential electors of each congressional district shall cast their ballots for the presidential and vice-presidential candidates who received the ~~largest number of~~ *most* votes in each respective congressional district *as determined by the ranked-choice method of tabulating votes described in section 723-A*. So, to answer your question, Maine's tradition of splitting some of its electoral votes by Congressional District is unaffected by this bill. It should also be noted here that this isn't law yet; the bill has gone to the governor, and will need to be signed into law.
Last time the Sox lost a 17-inning game outside the Eastern time zone, they didn't lose again the whole year. So far, so good.
&gt; twins beat the Yankees Twins go down 0-2 in the ALDS to the Yankees, then have to go to New York for Game 3. Yankees are up 3-0 on the strength of a 3-run job by Edwin Encarnacion. Top 9, Tanaka has a no-no going, low pitch count, looking sharp. Hits the first batter, walks the second; Chapman is up in the pen, but Tanaka is unraveling quick. Blooper single to load the bases. Chapman comes in and immediately gives up a grand slam to Rosario. Bottom 9, Encarnacion gets walked and is replaced by newly-acquired pinch runner Billy Hamilton. Hamilton tries to steal second, but is thrown out to end the game. Twins hit 15 home runs in Games 4 and 5 en route to the comeback and ALCS appearance.
But OPS+ isn't cited, only OPS itself is. And you can't lead in OBP and SLG but not OPS.
Yeah, it's not just that I'm older than all of them; it's that it's not close.
Hammy is a fucking treasure.
What's your OOTP sim? Standard 2019 game?
The other person isn't really wrong, though, in the sense that no one actually calls it that. Hell, one of the other most-upvoted comments in the thread points out that they've never heard anyone actually call it that.
&gt; don’t bring up appearances during arbitration or for Hall of Fame cases. We can all agree on that.
And Maeda, the lone over-3 slacker, has an ERA+ of 110 and a positive (though just barely at 0.1) WAA. The Dodgers' *worst* starter is slightly above average.
The term is immediately recognizable for what it is, and it's succinct. I think I understand that you're not arguing about the *idea* of a 'no-walker', but rather the *terminology*; if that's the case, what the hell else would you call it?
For real. People are arguing that the ASG should only be the players playing the best this season, and that fan voting sucks, because ASG appearances are used as justification in arbitration and HoF arguments. I think there's a case to be made that the ASG should primarily factor each year's performance, but the obvious issue is that it should *never* impact how much money players make, or whether we consider them greats worthy of enshrinement in the Hall of Fame.
OP, please leave this likely mentally ill, almost assuredly harmless man alone. And for fucks sake, DO NOT post pictures of a random person on reddit without any form of consent.
Urshela is obscene, but don't forget Dozier, who has also been Devers's equal (at least). Chapman has been, in my mind, the best 3B in the AL so far, and he didn't make the final 3 either. Gio hasn't been a Top *5* 3B, let alone a Top 3, but the Yankees got just about all of their guys into the final vote.
It happens. They've also had a *combined* 243 PAs from Judge, Hicks, Didi, and Stanton, who were their four best position players last year. By comparison, X, Devers, Beni, Mookie, and JD have all had over 300 PAs each. You can bitch about luck, or you can accept that it runs both ways. Who cares what their schedule is? They've been fucking good this year, full stop.
But neither of those encompasses the entirety of the concept. A "no-hitter" isn't just any game with no hit; it has to be a starter who pitches a complete game of at least 9 innings and gives up no hits. Anybody can pitch 3 or 4 innings without giving up a walk, maybe even 7. But going the distance is a key piece here, and that's not obvious from either of your stand-ins. I think just use "no-walker" because of the obvious parallel to "no-hitter", and see if something else bubbles up. Also, "no-hitter" doesn't derive from calling the person at the plate with a bat a hitter; it derives from the pitcher having given up *no hits* (over 9+ innings). So, it may not sound good to you, and that's a totally personal acoustic preference, but it's not in any sense *wrong* like you suggested in your above comment.
Holy shit, I just tuned in and didn't get context, but it was *immediately* obvious that was Mookie's mom. Age Mookie a bit and swap the facial hair for longer hair on top,and they're practically identical.
#\o/
Good thing they play at least 8 of those.
Sox are making the most of their luck this inning. Love seeing Jackie drive it the other way.
I'm not an ump, but I think the fielder's actions count as a tag attempt at least until he swipes with an empty glove. So if the batter-runner doesn't start dodging until that point (when the tag attempt is arguably over, and the basepath ceases to exist), then maybe he's fine. That said, after rewatching the clip on a larger monitor (which seemed to destroy the resolution), I'm no longer certain of when the first baseman actually removes the ball from his glove. So this all may be a moot point.
#CHRISTIAN MOTHERFUCKING VAZQUEZ
I still have no idea where that ball went, but everybody's cheering and Vaz is flashing that smile so it must have gone out.
Easy, chief. They play a whole 9 innings. I'm feeling good, but there are no guarantees in baseball.
Oh hell yeah, those are some absurd numbers. And it looks like he's paying off again this year, and only signed for a couple more after that. How does what he signed for compare to the extension offers you made?
Yeah, on the replay from left field it was much clearer, but on the camera from the booth area I couldn't see it the entire length of the shot.
I think the hit streak is fairly unlikely to be replicated, but I'm not sure analytics and some of the changes in playstyle are a big piece of that. That's a good reason why it won't happen in the next 5-10 years, but analytics is really an arms race. We can't predict what we'll know in 20 or 30 or another 100 years, and how that will impact the way the game is played; it's entirely possible that we'll see another era some years from now where contact hitting is emphasized again, and league batting average will return to a place closer to where it was in the mid-2000s.
Haha nice. What did you have to give up to get him in the trade?
"Is that with all precincts reporting?" I got a hearty chuckle out of that one.
Let's not get too crazy with our conjecture, cowboy.
Are you one of those people who just doesn't like his voice? I'll happily admit I'm a Dylan fanatic, and not capable of being impartial on this matter, but for me there are very few covers that match the original. Hendrix's *Watchtower* is a notable exception, and the Byrds had a couple that weren't half-bad. But too many Dylan covers are basically just people putting a more classically pleasing voice to Dylan's arrangement without in any way making it their own (Joan Baez or Peter, Paul, &amp; Mary doing *Blowin' In The Wind*) or making the song their own in a way that strips the life and meaning from the song (The Byrds' *Mr. Tambourine Man*). And, of course, there's always one of the worst Dylan covers ever, from an artist who I have the utmost respect for: Johnny Cash covering *It Ain't Me, Babe*, with [the woman who would become] his wife. If ever there was a song that begged *not* to be a duet, it's that one. I love Johnny's work and he was amazing with covers (*Hurt* comes immediately to mind), but if I could erase one Dylan cover from ever having existed, it would be that one. Edit: Didn't have the timing right, and the cover was from before Johnny and June were married.
That's really weird, but you could be right there's something about moving from one league to another that's causing the issue.
Neither do I. Can you imagine going to another team's sub, just to downvote everything in the GDT? It's beyond petty, and it serves no purpose.
I figured. Hard disagree on everything you said about his voice, but it's all subjective, and if that's how you feel you're not going to like his versions. Same with the harmonica (I'm generally ambivalent about it personally, but I understand that a lot of people just straight up can't handle listening to loud harmonica music). One thing I will say is that you're probably missing out on an important piece of Dylan's vocal delivery that almost universally gets lost in translation: he is *phenomenal* at phrasing; especially in his later work (1997 and beyond), he's more like an actor speaking lines than he is a singer singing a song, and it really adds depth to the emotional and dramatic content of the lyrics. If you just can't stand his voice, it's not worth listening just for that, but it's a seriously underrated aspect of Dylan as a performer.
I don't really understand your last two paragraphs, and I think maybe they derive from a slight misunderstanding of what my beef is with that cover. *Of course* perspective-taking is an important skill for creating good art. No one thinks David Chase is actually a mob boss; the Beatles didn't actually live on a yellow submarine; George RR Martin has not taken part in a civil war, nor seen dragons. (And Sheryl Crow, who covered Dylan's *Mississippi*, isn't a lesbian even though she sings about dreaming of waking up in a woman's bed.) *It Ain't Me, Babe* is a deeply personal song. You can take it literally, that it's about a woman (Joan Baez, perhaps) who wants Dylan to be hers exclusively, or you can take it figuratively, that it's about the folk scene which Dylan was moving away from at the time (the same people who would boo Dylan mercilessly shortly after this song came out). It's just not a song for two narrators. I will say that the added absurdity I thought was there, of singing it with one's own wife, is actually reversed a bit by the timing; now it almost makes sense, a bittersweet song that serves as a joyous coming-out for Carter and Cash while announcing to Vivian that his heart ain't in it anymore. But it still doesn't jive for me for their to be two singers on that song.
Holy hell. That's just unheard of. I just started a new game, imported 1923 Babe Ruth and 2001 Barry Bonds, and put them and Mike Trout on the Angels' AAA team (for kicks, I also imported 2000 Pedro Martinez and put him in the rotation). Pedro did *okay*, but actually a little worse than his real-life MLB counterpart. Here are the triple slash lines for the three outfielders: Player | PA | BA | OBP | SLG | OPS | OPS+ | WAR ---|---|----|----|----|----|----|---- Bonds | 621 | .369 | .510 | .807 | 1.318 | 227 | 10.3 Trout | 635 | .373 | .510 | .789 | 1.298 | 222 | 11.6 Ruth | 635 | .437 | .580 | .892 | 1.472 | 266 | 14.5 So they were all excellent, of course, but nowhere near this player, though they all blew his context-neutral stats (OPS+ and WAR) out of the water. The scoring environment in this league must be insane. Also, with nothing else changed in league settings, Giancarlo Stanton hit 80 dingers to smash the record. No word on whether he had to face an unusually high number of drug tests.
I agree in the abstract, but your link relates to a proposal for general-election debates, where in modern times no more than three candidates (and almost always two) have enough support to merit inclusion. Is Oxford-style debate possible in a field of 20 or more? Edit: this is a serious question. I'm all for Oxford-style debates in the general, but I don't know how a system that relies on participants arguing for or against a motion is supposed to work with more than a small handful of debaters. I could imagine modifying the premise for three or even four, so that the singular "motion" is replaced with three or four distinct responses to a policy or philosophical question. But it seems to me we need a different answer altogether for primary elections, and particularly such a large field. The current system is broken but this will not fix it.
It ain't sell time yet. Get out of here with that shit.
Exactly, that's what I'm trying to highlight. There isn't an easy analogue for the Rays situation; maybe if Miami was half an hour away, a larger market that already has a team. But the fact that the Nets weren't moving across the country, but just next door, *when they already played in the same sports complex as other sports teams that have a New York name*, is a huge insult.
I agree that there's some risk in making #2 the full-time guy right away, but I don't share your assessment of #1's bat. Just looking at his ratings and not being able to see what he actually generates, that looks like a decent 1B to me. 60 contact, 60 power, 55 potential eye with great gap power could absolutely play at 1B, as long as he isn't terrible. I'd have #1 start something like three games at catcher, two games at first base, day off, while having #2 start the three games that #1 isn't at C. This gives #2 a chance to develop, gives #1 some rest, and gives #1 a chance to see what he can develop for defensive skills at first base. If #2 doesn't develop, or #1 doesn't pan out defensively at 1B, then go back to exactly what you described (play #1 as much as possible at C until he becomes a free agent). I also feel like the difference between 60 catcher ability and 70 catcher ability is enough of a gap to make it worth giving #2 a legitimate shot to develop.
In common baseball parlance, he averaged *about* 8.1 innings.
I don't know, I'm not really sure where it came from. It doesn't really make sense, as you're pointing out here, but I don't think it's meant to make sense.
No shit. Fuck the Yankees and everything, but that sucks on a human level. I'd rather root for him to just hit .100 with no power completely healthy.
&gt; Someone should ask Vaz how it feels to be the best catcher in ~~the AL East~~ baseball history
&gt; Lepage knew the right thing but did the opposite Maybe he was just trying to be George from that one episode of Seinfeld. Or maybe he *should* have been George from that one episode of Seinfeld.
😥
Fuckin' oof. That sucks, big time.
&gt;&gt; The most popular song on Blonde on Blonde by far is "I Want You" with 20 million views &gt; &gt; Yeah that surprised me a little, I definitely would have guessed that Just Like A Woman would be the most popular song on BoB. That shouldn't be surprising at all. *I Want You* is one of those Dylan songs that has a pretty broad, poppy appeal, even to people who don't really like Dylan at all. If you could somehow limit it to just listens by people who listen to Bob more generally, I would expect that *Just Like A Woman* would end up at the top, or damn near it.
&gt; 5. Tempest is the first album since Desire wherein every song has more than a million views. As someone who's always believed that *Tempest* is a hugely underrated album, this makes me irrationally happy.
Spot on. The three-man booth is where it's at, but if I had to pick one, much as I love and respect RemDawg, it's Eck all day every day.
Man, where do you live that even Walmart has good taste in music?
Your point would be valid if Nate had been injured a month ago, but it was already over 60 days ago. He may be ahead of schedule but he isn't ready *now*, and this allows the Sox to delay making *other* roster moves until when Nate does come back. Furthermore, the 40-man roster is more of a big deal, because taking a guy off that can mean risking him being plucked from the organization entirely, so it completely makes sense that they're trying to avoid DFAing someone to make room for Wright if they can avoid it.
Maybe. This is a subjective statement, and I'll preface it by saying I'm a huge fan of modern-day Dylan ('97 and later), and don't think there's a *bad* album in the lot. But as much as I liked *Together Through Life*, I think it's his worst post-97 original release; I'd put *Tempest* in the running for second-best behind *Time Out of Mind*.
What suggests to you that the ADA believed the defendant? They merely requested a second citation, with video evidence of the infraction.
Yeah, I would agree with that, but I'm not sure about *Love and Theft*; some days I'd put it 2, some days I'd put it closer to 4. Really, 2-3-4 varies a lot for me from day to day, depending on what I've been listening to and how I'm feeling. I love all 5, but TOOM is the clear best, and Together Through Life is the clear fifth-best (I can't even say "worst" because I still think it's good).
&gt; The ADA then moved to have *another* speeding ticket issued because the actual posted speed limit was 50mph. I think you read that statement as "a *replacement* ticket" when it meant "an *additional* ticket." By my understanding, OP confirms that reading [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/c5mfen/lawyers_of_reddit_whats_your_best_most_badass_i/es3cnee/): &gt;&gt; As I understand it, he got a *second* citation. &gt; The ADA moved to have the ticket issued. It was not. Defendant ate the original charge after realizing the silliness of what he presented. Everyone had a laugh. If it were, as you said, that the ADA moved to have a *replacement* ticket issued, and the judge denied, surely the ADA would have stopped pressing for the original ticket. Instead, the ADA was pushing for a *second* ticket, and when that was denied, the defendant accepted his original punishment. I wasn't there; I don't know if the defendant was coming from a dead stop or not. But it doesn't read to me like the ADA took the defendant's word on anything.
I honestly don't remember the incident, but another retelling in this thread suggests it was actually a WEEI *reporter*, which really would be a dick move. If it was, in fact, a host that he threatened, then I'm right there with you. Shit or get off the pot, Bobby V.
It is now.
I mean, really a whole lot of things, just about everything except the Jays and the Habs. Fuck the Habs.
He'll hopefully end up being one in the end. The three finalists aren't guaranteed a spot. That said, 3B is stacked in the AL this year, and (even though I keep getting downvoted for saying this) Devers *may not* be a top-3 third baseman, as good as he's been. Chapman and Bregman are arguably better, and while Dozier has fewer games played, he's been raking the ball even more than Raffy has.
Champagne is commonly associated in baseball with winning the division or winning a playoff series; especially in this sub, with its gold bottles flair, it seemed a reasonable interpretation. But christ, this is a waste of both our energy. We could go on all day litigating intent, but we're here to support the Sox. Have a good afternoon.
It's funny that a pitcher had a successful game as a pinch runner in Steven Wright's first game of the year.
We're in a baseball sub. This is a pointless argument. Good day.
Yeah, that's 100x better than /r/WahoosTipi.
Some of these were games the Sox still won, and some included multiple blown saves. By my count, the Sox have lost 8 games in which there was a blown save: * Apr 17 (NYY) * May 2 (CWS) * May 14 (COL) * May 28 (CLE) * Jun 10 (TEX) * Jun 18 (MIN) * Jun 22 (TOR) * Jun 26 (CWS) So if they won *all* of them, and everything else in baseball was completely unaffected, the Sox would be 52-30 and the Yankees would be 51-29, a virtual tie. And that would be *incredibly* lucky. I don't know the numbers relative to the average closer, but I did check the Yankees' numbers to compare. The Yankees have *12* blown saves, not much better than the Sox' 16. And they've lost 4 games where they blew a save: * Apr 8 (HOU) * Apr 9 (HOU) * May 18 (TB) * Jun 5 (TOR) So if the Yankees had similar luck, they would gain four wins, including three against likely playoff teams.
&gt;What federal remedies exist that the Roberts' Court would not strike down? I just want to point out explicitly that the Court would not strike down many solutions at all, so long as they come from the legislative branch, or the executive following the legislative's lead. What Roberts is saying is that *the courts* should not intervene, and so any relief brought by lawsuit would be struck down. But Congress can do more or less as it pleases in this regard.
&gt;But isn't the ultimate decision up to the courts when it comes to weighing in on what the federal government can do to change the way a state runs its elections? The Court is saying that, no, that is not in its purview. You can disagree with the Court, but they didn't strike anything down with this decision, and there's very little that they *would* strike down when it comes to the manner of running elections. Now, if state actions were being challenged on the basis of violating federal law, such as the Voting Rights Act, courts might compel a state to do something, but that's not on constitutional grounds, it's on the basis of Congress having already declared an action to be illegal.
Fuck YOU, **THAT'S** my name. You know why, mister? Cuz you drove a Hyundai to get here tonight, I drove an eighty thousand dollar BMW, **that's** my name.
I'm for it. Love me some JBJ.
Welcome to /r/askreddit!
*taught
Reading quickly, I thought you said, "beef panic."
&gt; I just think there's going to be that one person who's going to do too much in a short amount of time 😂😂😂😂
I think the "Verlander got robbed" narrative is overdone. I would agree he had the better candidacy, but it was closer than a lot of folks suggest, and both Verlander and Porc had a good case to make when the voting happened. Now, if you're saying that because two voters straight-up didn't list Verlander at all, then fair enough. Both Porc and JV should have been on every ballot.
No, they were joking that if it's 1:10 in this thread, it's usually closer to 1:200
Verlander would have needed a 3rd and a 4th or a 2nd and a 5th to tie Porc, and two 3rds or a 2nd and 4th or better to win it, unless some of those votes came from Porc (dropping him down or off someone's ballot). It's far from guaranteed, to be sure. But it's definitely possible, especially if that one guy who sent his ballot in early had been swayed by JV's last two starts. Doesn't really matter; Porc won in the end, and they don't put asterisks on awards because people disagree with the outcome. I just think it's a fair argument to make, even if it's not the strongest.
With this many candidates, I'm not even trying to imagine what things will look like by convention. There's an 80% chance it's a shit show, but hopefully not.
For sure. I don't blame them, but I know there are a lot of people who are so pissed that their guy didn't get a start that they have to channel their anger somewhere.
Like you do. If I voted for the ASG, I would have been spamming for Mookie and JD even though there are guys who have certainly been better than Mookie and Pence has been better than JD.
&gt; he clearly would have sent 2-3 guys to the IL and the ER.
I hate CC for willingly signing with the Yanks when he had other options. It's flimsy, I know, but it's all I got. And I have a soft spot for Didi, I'm mostly still pissed about the trade that brought him to the Bronx. Honestly, with these Yankees, there's a handful who I hate because they are or really look like assholes; there's a bunch who I dislike because of the rivalry but carry a lot of respect for; there's a few that I don't have strong feelings about but it's fun to root against them because of the rivalry; there's a couple who I like because of how they've fucked the Yankees by being on the payroll (I see you, Jacoby); and then there's Judge. (I'll let you guess who's in what bucket.) Something about Judge, and the way he goes about the game and his daily life, it's hard not to really like him. I really started to like him during one at-bat in his rookie year. He was facing, I think, a Pirates pitcher. The guy on the mound had been playing the Yankees well by getting right back to the mound and pitching quickly, and Judge recognized it—so he turned it back on the pitcher by not getting out of the box between pitches, and being set for the next pitch almost immediately. It's been a couple of years now, but I think he won the battle with a double or something; either way, it was a hell of an at-bat, and I've liked him ever since. The "New York, New York" thing might have pissed me off if it hadn't backfired so badly on Judge and the Yanks, but it did so it was more chuckle-worthy than anything. Having seen how Judge comports himself otherwise, you can excuse him a bit of bravado every now and then in big situations.
Looks like, what, 21 Red Sox have played so far today? Everyone but the rest of the rotation? It's gonna be a wild ride the next week or so.
This headline is a little misleading. When I read it, I assumed that the Maine Democratic Party (which is often referred to as "the Maine Dems," and whose website is www.mainedems.org) had issued the statement. It probably ought to read "Dem Senate Candidates Blast..." or something like that. I'm normally in favor of retaining the original headline from a news source, but when the original headline itself is editorialized, that can be problematic.
Get the fuck outta here with that gatekeeping bullshit. I've been a loyal fan probably longer than you've been alive, and while I strongly disagree with your every-season-must-be-a-championship attitude, I'm not questioning your fandom over it.
Seventh inning runs don't count in Europe, so the Sox are up 6-3, right?
I admire your optimism, even if I don' share in it.
Looking at the triple slash values, this doesn't really seem that far off from what we're seeing this year. Seven guys who are qualified for the batting title: Player | BA | OBP | SLG | OPS ---|---|----|----|---- Contreras | .291 | .387 | .568 | .955 Sanchez | .262 | .329 | .597 | .926 Grandal | .266 | .377 | .533 | .910 Narvaez | .289 | .365 | .461 | .826 Ramos | .271 | .345 | .415 | .760 Realmuto | .261 | .316 | .429 | .745 Molina | .266 | .293 | .377 | .670 The top catcher (James McCann) is on pace for about 6.0 rWAR, the seventh-best (Mitch Garver) is on pace for about 4.0 rWAR. Honestly, I don't think this is too different from reality.
OP was definitely stating what you said; the only question is whether that's all there is to it, or if they thought it was unrealistic.
It also increases the risk of humanity accidentally ending itself. But it doesn't matter what you or I think; I'm just correcting a misconception.
You're just arguing against *unilateral* disarmament, not the concept of disarmament as a whole. But it doesn't matter what either of us think. I'm not here to debate; I was just correcting a misconception.
When you say "haven't played in pros yet" I'm assuming you mean haven't played in the *majors* yet? Or are these IFAs who are on the 40-man for some reason? If it's the former, they can probably be demoted until the season starts because they don't have a major-league contract yet. They would still have a minor-league contract until the first day of the season, at which point all the guys with no service time should get league-minimum contracts.
I think motivation is the key factor. Rey *did* kill Sidious, but it wasn't done in a spirit of hatred for what he'd done to her parents. She wasn't channeling the Dark Side, which the Sith need, so she wasn't an appropriate vessel for his spirit. Same reason his spirit couldn't jump into Vader's dying body.
I was mostly joking, but unless the other commenter saw Baines in a minor-league game, it's not a stretch to say that, at the least, Baines wasn't the best player on his team, regardless of whether the commenter saw the better players in games they saw. Year | Baines' Team | Better Than Baines* ----|----|---- 1980 | Chi Sox | Baines?** 1981 | Chi Sox | Carlton Fisk 1982 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1983 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1984 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1985 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1986 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1987 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1988 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1989 | Chi Sox | Fisk 1989 | Rangers | Nolan Ryan 1990 | Rangers | Ryan 1990 | Athletics | Rickey Henderson 1991 | Athletics | Henderson 1992 | Athletics | Henderson 1993 | Orioles | Cal Ripken 1994 | Orioles | Ripken 1995 | Orioles | Ripken 1996 | Chi Sox | Frank Thomas 1997 | Chi Sox | Thomas 1997 | Orioles | still Ripken 1998 | Orioles | Ripken 1999 | Orioles | Ripken 1999 | Indians | Roberto Alomar 2000 | Orioles | *still* Ripken 2000 | Chi Sox| still Thomas 2001 | Chi Sox | Thomas ^*"Better" ^is ^meant ^to ^be ^in ^career ^terms ^here, ^not ^better ^in ^a ^particular ^season ^**Minnie ^Minoso ^had ^a ^better ^career ^than ^Baines, ^but ^he ^was ^54 ^and ^only ^played ^in ^two ^games ^as ^a ^publicity ^stunt ^in ^the ^1980 ^season, ^so ^I'm ^not ^going ^to ^count ^him. And that's taking the easy route; there are dozens of better players than Baines with whom he was teammates over the years, so we could have listed a bunch more. And that's not even taking into consideration that whatever game(s) they might have seen Baines play in, the *opponents* may well have had a better player or two as well. Point is, if someone saw Harold Baines in a major-league game and he was the best player they ever saw, they either got really unlucky or have an over-the-top irrational love for the guy.
Even if you weren't familiar with this pasta and somehow didn't sense the over-the-top absurdity of it all, it seems to me that repeating "how does it feel?" three times should have made it clear to people. But it looks like you're on the upswing now, so it may have just been a couple of early folks not getting the joke (or being tired of it).
You can't have him! He only wears one color of Sox, and it ain't white. ^^^Plz ^^^John ^^^Henry ^^^don't ^^^fuck ^^^this ^^^up
Huh. I've *only* ever played badminton outside, as a lawn game, and until I read your comment I had never considered that people might play it indoors.
Still the wrong color. Sorry, maybe some other superstar free agent who *doesn't* happen to have come up with my favorite team would like to wear your wrong-colored black socks.
You misspelled Criti*c*izes, that's why it doesn't work.
I understand why a person would feel that way, but Mookie is a generational talent and he should never play a game in a non-Red Sox uniform. It shouldn't even be a question of whether he'll sign as a free agent, because John Henry should be prepared to tell Mookie he'll match any offer +10%.
Holy shit, really? That's wild. I remember Bob introducing his band at shows I went to during that time period, but I don't remember any great puns when he did it.
I watched Vizquel play. He was great. He was not a Hall of Famer.
Rolen and Schilling have way better Hall cases than Kent. Helton is borderline because the offensive bar is high for 1Bs, but if Kent is a *yeh*, Helton should be as well (or vice versa).
Why? It's not my favorite but there are many worse ballots out there, this one didn't seem too bad if you agree with or can forgive the anti-PED stance.
I assume fleets move as fast as their slowest member, right? If that's the case, the best case is probably to have a big fleet of the fastest ships possible, but have them travel with the heavies; they would only jump ahead to engage enemy fleets while the heavies catch up.
&gt; Hoffman inherited more than twice the runners in his career than Wagner (346 to 166) and allowed a smaller percentage of them to score (20% vs. 28%) That is an entirely respectable argument. Also, in a similar vein, Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight [came up with a stat called the "goose egg"](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/goose-egg-new-save-stat-relief-pitchers/) that's meant to better account for what you're talking about; guys who can come in before the 9th, and/or in a high-pressure situation, and often go more than three outs. You'll note that Hoffman is basically still right up there with Mo (though they've fallen from 1-2 on the leaderboard to 4-7), while Wagner drops from 6th in saves all the way to 19th in goose eggs. I'll concede that the combination of inherited runner stats and goose eggs makes a strong case that Hoffman was the better clutch reliever. And if you look at career WPA, while Wagner still rates 7th all-time among relievers, he's markedly behind Hoffman (29.1 to 34.2), and he's fallen behind relief pitching luminary Joe Nathan. (As an aside, Mo laps everyone with an absurd 56.6 WPA — that would place him fifth among *starting* pitchers, just a nose hair behind Warren Spahn, and it would rate twenty-sixth among all position players, just ahead of Babe Ruth. Much as I hate the Yankees, that man was the King of Clutch.) So, all told, I'll concede that Wagner wasn't a better pitcher than Hoffman, but I still think it's questionable to say that Wagner was "nowhere close to Hoffman," though there are some decent arguments you can make to that effect. As for whether either of them are Hall of Famers, we won't agree, and that's fine. I'm generally a small Hall guy, but the one area where that isn't necessarily true is with relievers. I'd still say I'm pretty small Hall, but I think relief pitching and DH are the two areas where BBWAA voters have lagged far behind the game in understanding and recognizing value. I think there's still work to do to figure out how best to value the contributions of relief pitchers, but it's one area where I might be a little more persuadable to let someone else's borderline candidate in, because relievers have been generally underrepresented in the Hall.
It's more that. In a certain light, there being *no* blowback is as troubling as there being severe blowback. No one wants war, but we also don't want to live in a world where it has been irrefutably proven that one national government can assassinate just about anyone in a different national government, without the nations being at war, and not suffer consequences. Trump's greatest success has been as a chaos agent, pushing at the boundaries of our norms, and showing that those are often the only thing holding 'civil society' together. Since the US, and seemingly many other nations, are increasingly becoming polarized, that's more frightening than the possibility of an open conflict that might not expand US troop involvement in the Middle East beyond recent peak levels.
Change your view? Easy. Walter Johnson is a boring name. Call it the Big Train Award.
I don't care about having last word. I made my point, which is that minor leaguers are professionals, they've already "gone pro." What you choose to do with that information is up to you.
I don't think this is it. World Gone Wrong and Good As I Been To You are fantastic and pretty well-loved, near as I can tell. And while the Sinatra stuff isn't my jam so I haven't listened to most of it, that's been pretty well-received as well.
Cool.
Yeah, his peak is already over. His ERA+ had been over 170 for five consecutive years and over 150 for seven consecutive years, but the last three years it's been 179-&gt;142-&gt;137, more in Chris Sale territory than Pedro Martinez territory; that is to say, still excellent, but not historic. Time will tell if he tails off gradually and sticks around another 7-10 years or if he declines quickly and injuries catch up with him. Hopefully for baseball's sake it's the former, but both baseball history and his growing personal injury history suggest the latter is a sadly strong possibility.
You're correct that we would expect a worse context-neutral pitcher to close the gap if he pitches in a much more pitcher-friendly park, but I think you're overstating the case. Without actually running the numbers, I would absolutely not say it's "entirely predictable" that Hoffman would end up with *better* numbers; given how much better some of Wagner's numbers are even without adjusting for context (2.31 ERA to 2.87 while both playing in the National League at the same time), I would expect Hoffman to come close, but not surpass Wagner, and I would definitely not expect him to surpass Wagner by such an amount. And again, there are other factors beyond park, including roster construction and manager preferences, that also impacted these stats. If I were making the argument that Hoffman was better than Wagner, I think you'd have a point. But I'm saying the difference might not be quite as big as it appears by some other stats, and I think that still holds.
How many cohorts / how much manpower do you have? Seems like 162 cohorts is going to be pretty hard to maintain on 12k manpower after just a couple of large battles.
Yeah, there's definitely some truth to that. And having phones, with their many potential distractors, constantly at our sides or in front of us.
A home plate umpire, watching to see if a player touched home plate? Don't be absurd.
This is so untrue it hurts. Umps have been around for over 100 years to watch whether players touch the base they're supposed to touch. If defenders *ever* think a runner didn't touch, all they have to do is throw over to appeal once the play is done. And, in 99% of cases, the ump would have seen whether the runner touched, and make the right call. If runners missed first base historically, it's because they knew everyone was being lax about it and there wasn't much risk of an appeal play.
You keyed in on MVP when they said the *Rookies of the Year* will be in their 30s?
I'm glad we agree!
Sure, I'm just saying OP might not be actively cherry-picking. Lots of people prefer rWAR, and if that's your thing, you might not think to double-check against fWAR.
Nah. There are, of course, some people who hold this view, but there are plenty of us who don't like our government's imperialistic behavior and do everything we can (short of taking up arms) to change it.
He got his ban, and he never played another game in his life. But even with his association with the Black Sox, I think he's more deserving of the Hall than Rabbit Maranville or Harold Baines.
Yup, I understand that's your stance, and I respectfully disagree.
Nah, I honestly think 99 of every 100 entertainers in New York immigrated from some other hometown.
You get me, vanillabear. I would happily have that conversation. Also, maybe we can convince OP to change their name to *dis*agreeingstorm9.
&gt; I’m also not understanding your defense of Jackson. That's unsurprising, because I haven't actually *given* a defense of Shoeless Joe yet. No one has asked me to. &gt; Also. How is he your boy? He hasn’t played professional baseball in 100 years Unlike many people here, I didn't get into baseball because I played it. I also didn't get into it by watching my hometown team, at least not initially. I got into baseball by reading, because I was a bookworm. I read books like *The Glory of Their Times* and, perhaps unsurprisingly, *Eight Men Out*. I was intoxicated by the character of baseball's history, and I fell in love with the giants of the early game. It's no surprise that most of my favorite players of all time are from the early days: Teddy Ballgame will always be my number one, but just after him are guys like Tris Speaker. I would also call Speaker "my boy" because I feel a personal connection to his career from having read so much about it, and because many fans today don't even know who he is, or have a passing recognition of his name but nothing more. I never met Speaker or Shoeless Joe or Ted Williams, but that doesn't keep the childlike part of me from seeing them with some awe and reverence even today, and even if I understand that (at best) Jackson was dragged into a fixing scheme unwillingly and didn't tell anyone about it until much later, or that Williams was a complicated person who had rough relationships with many of the people closest to him, it doesn't diminish that connection I have with their legends.
&gt; Honestly, if it wasn't for Field of Dreams we wouldn't even be having this argument Nah. I read *Eight Men Out* long before the novel *Shoeless Joe* (which, actually, I've never read, come to think of it) was released. So even if W.P. Kinsella had never been born, there's a good chance I would have still started this conversation with the top-level comment.
It's okay, I forgive you. And Biggie would, too, if he were around to do it.
&gt; The last high-profile project based on Dylan was 2007’s “I’m Not There,” an unconventional biopic that features six actors playing different facts of Dylan’s public persona: Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Marcus Carl Franklin, Richard Gere, Heath Ledger, and Ben Whishaw. Before that, Martin Scorsese directed documentary “No Direction Home,” which traced Dylan’s life and his impact on music and culture. If we're counting films directed by Martin Scorsese, it's odd that they went back to *I'm Not There* and completely ignored the RTR picture that just came out last year.
That's exactly the thing, though. No Direction Home aired on PBS, there's no way that the RTR project was *less* high-profile. I think the authors of the article just forgot about it.
I love Manny, but there are at least two defensible cases you can make for voting for Bonds and/or Clemens but not Manny: 1. While we can't know with certainty when any of them started juicing, there's a large enough body of circumstantial evidence to show when Bonds and Clemens did, and both of them were already clearly on Hall of Fame trajectories. The same isn't necessarily true for Manny. 2. Manny continued juicing after there was testing and penalties, and in fact got popped for it — twice. Bonds and Clemens were juicing before testing and punishment were in place and, like everyone else for whom we have no evidence they juiced after 2005, they should get a pass. Neither of those may fly with you personally, but even if you disagree there's at least an internal logic to both, and they pass the straight-face test as beliefs a person could reasonably hold.
It's not even particularly well edited. The way "omo" sounds *exactly* the same in both words, and the completely unnatural rhythm between the edited words, makes it pretty obvious.
Huh, that's wild. Donaldson has six full seasons, all with rWAR of 5.0 or better, and then he has three partial seasons where he topped out at 1.5; if he put up one more 5.0-WAR season, his JAWS would go up by a little over 4 wins. That's enough to jump him up to 18, just ahead of Darrell Evans. And actually, both Paul Molitor and Edgar Martinez are on that list, despite having more games as DHs than any defensive position. It'll be tough, but if he keeps this up until he's almost 40 (and if he can keep being near-average until he's 40 or a little older) he has a good shot.
Holy shit, 10 days to spare. I'd love to see a 'close calls' thread, I doubt many have come closer to a deadline than this.
SPLITTER!
&gt; I would also like to be able to assign armies to a single region for the defend borders personality I'm pretty sure this is already a feature, right? Select the army, click the 'assign orders' button, and then, before you select the orders, click somewhere within a region. I think you can assign multiple regions as well if you want. Just make sure to click the region before clicking the orders you want to give.
This right here. JAWS is a good WAR measurement because it accounts for both peak and longevity explicitly, but when looking at careers I think it's foolish to not at least consider WAA as one piece of the puzzle. If you can play ten years below average but keep a job that's great for your paycheck, but it shouldn't be adding to someone's Hall of Fame credentials.
&gt; Until a full investigation by an outside party is conducted.... we don't know for sure. Agree on that much at least.
Generals and governors (especially if you have governor-controlled armies), because a victorious general will send captured slaves to territories where he has holdings first. It's a good way to manage populations and make sure you don't end up with too many slaves in your capital, triggering a slave revolt.
There's a difference between promoting and simply allowing to exist. And, more importantly for this particular discussion, the state *already* promotes this same addictive activity every time a commercial for the lottery comes on.
Forgive me, but I'm dense, and even with the R5 I don't know what your title means, or what the significance is. I get that this character has the cognomen Africanus, but other than that I don't get it.
Blah blah blah. I'm so tired of this take. It *could* be right -- I'm explicitly not saying it's incorrect -- but we have no way of knowing whether Mookie is playing hardball or really doesn't want to stay. We're not in closed-door meetings and we **cannot** know the truth of this situation. At least this comment puts the right share of credit for the situation on the Sox; most of the "he doesn't want to stay" stuff paints Mookie as disloyal and doesn't even suggest Henry's unwillingness to pony up is a factor.
No, that's far from a guarantee. MLBTradeRumors projected Mookie for $27.7M, and they're usually pretty accurate, so while it could have been a little higher, this might be exactly what he would have ended up with. It's not an unrealistically low number for his last arb year.
Translation: the attempt to stimulate ticket sales didn't work as well as hoped, so we're trying again.
Yeah, I know Scipio, but it didn't click with me that this was his grandfather. I didn't even notice the family name for some reason.
As somewhat of an achievement-chaser who hasn't completed a WC yet, I'm really not looking forward to Paradox extending the timeline forward. The thing is, if they extend the timeline (and especially if they do what some fans are calling for and have new bookmarks during the Roman Empire), one of the few ways to make the game interesting at that point would be to overhaul the mechanics specifically around how large empires work, making it harder to keep them together. When that happens, it won't be tag-limited to Rome, it will be every large nation in the game, which will make WC runs an absolute bear.
Who's right? I was. There wasn't enough confirmed evidence at the time to responsibly draw a conclusion. By now there's plenty, and it confirms that Iran shot the plane down. Nothing that's happened has invalidated my stance.
/r/JPG should be a sub full of images that are unrecognizable. Our motto will be "there's no such thing as too much JPG," and users who post high-quality images will be banned (short bans for first offense, but lifetime bans for chronic offenders). Users will be encouraged to post highly-compressed images and make bold claims about what the image contains. We'll argue about whether that *really* looks like a picture of Matthew Perry eating a ham and mayonnaise sandwich or not. Every month we'll have a themed contest where users can submit pictures that may in fact be, say, a duck, or cars on a highway, or Marisa Tomei, with winners going on the sidebar.
FYI, Congress is the federal legislative body. The state-level body you're referring to is the Maine Legislature.
That's weird, because I would swear I had some heavy ships as Carthage. Just tried loading up save and it was post-Livy but before the hotfix and wouldn't load. Maybe the only reason I had some heavies was from a couple of missions that grant you heavy ships, but I would have sworn I could build them.
As usual, this is such horse shit from CHB. Alex Speier, who also works for the Henry-owned Globe, was in the booth in the last series of the season talking about how ownership had been clear about their goal to dip payroll, and how he had crunched the numbers a bunch of ways and it was almost impossible to keep both Mookie and JD. This feels a whole lot more like back-pedaling than it does a plausible explanation, since fans are justifiably pissed off about this course of action. Meanwhile, I did get a hearty laugh out of this line: &gt; Just before midnight, Henry wrote, “You might actually be right for once..." But it's kind of wild how openly CHB relates his boss tearing him a new asshole. &gt; "You seem to think Chaim was brought in to reduce payroll. That has simply not been the way FSG operates here or across the pond. We try to act responsibly so as to be consistently competitive. Your main point seems to be that I accidentally disclosed a secret plan but **unlike you, I am honest about Sox issues**."
You're gonna have to give more detail than that. Are you sure that you can't do trades, or you just aren't finding that any offers are accepted? Is it clearly a bug where you can't even get to the page? What kind of settings are you using?
No respec for my man Mike Carp smh For real, though, that's why it's a great trivia question: you might trick some people into saying Salmon, Bass, Carp, or Steve Trout because they correctly surmise that it's a trick. You'll surely get a number of people to think the trick is you're being pedantic and trying to get Mike's middle name, who answer "Michael Nelson Trout." And you'll have some people who think this is just a gimme for baseball fans. Probably only a handful of people would know that Dizzy exists, and of those not all would know about his 1944 or think to guess him.
Nah. A good trivia question gives you all the information you need to answer it correctly, but this one doesn't tell you which Trout it's referring to. It's too much of a gotcha, it's not a good-faith question.
I've noticed that a lot of smaller AI countries, especially (but not limited to) tribes, will underfund their fort maintenance. So actually, a big piece of the strategy seems to be having a couple of LC stacks that can move around and act as support, but as many LI or HI stacks as you can get, and have them all at the borders as close to a fort as possible before you DoW. Move your LI/HI stacks to the nearest forts immediately and assault, since they'll typically be at 50-60%. The trouble comes when you start getting to forts that were inaccessible to you at the start, but if you just move from fort to fort, you should be able to get rid of many of them before they get back up to 100%.
It combines baseball and trivia, two of my favorite things, so I can't *not* give it this much energy, hahaha.
There are a bunch of possible answers to who has the single-season WAR record, but in no scenario is it a Trout, Mike, Dizzy, or otherwise. [Here's the rWAR list for simplicity](https://www.baseball-reference.com/leaders/WAR_season.shtml). * With no qualifiers, it's Tim Keefe, with 20.2 in 1883 * If you restrict to the AL Era (1901-present), it's Walter Johnson, with 16.4 in 1913 * If you restrict it to the Live Ball Era (1920-present), it's Babe Ruth with 14.1 in 1923 * If you restrict it to integration (1947) or expansion (usually 1969, by which time there were 24 teams), it's Doc Gooden with 13.3 in 1985 * If you restrict it to position players, since integration it's Carl Yastrzemski, with 12.5 in 1967 * For position players since expansion, it's Barry Bonds, with 11.9 in 2001 * For position players since expansion without steroid allegations, it's Cal Ripken, with 11.5 in 1991
Well, no, that's why you use this strategy. Combine it with the strategy against defensive leagues/alliances where you DoW against a larger partner and then start picking off smaller countries one by one, and depending on how many armies you can field you ought to be able to wipe out three or four smaller countries within two months. The doomstack *can* be a problem, but if you know it's coming and you properly prepare, you shouldn't have nearly as many lengthy sieges in the first place. Also, and I can't find the research that backs this up, but fort level doesn't really matter for assaults. Against level 1 forts you typically want to assault once they're around 600, maybe 700 defenders if you have a good general. With level 2, you don't want to wait until it's 600-700; you want to siege once they're at 1200-1400 (or 60-70% of the total, same as level 1). I haven't run into many level 3 forts yet, but presumably you'd start assaulting when they're at 1800-2100. You do have to be careful because you need armies that are 5k bigger per level left over if you don't win the siege, but if you're thorough and use good strategy you shouldn't have too many failed assaults.
Jesus, WC with a migratory tribe would be ridiculous.
In addition to what /u/Basileus2 said, which I think is a very good point, I think it's likely that the political system requires the biggest overhaul, and that's part of why it's not first or second on the list for 2020. Think of the work that's already been done with warfare, like changing up the attrition system that's been in place as long as I can remember in other PDX games. The political system could stand to use a whole bunch of work, and they may still be mapping out the broad strokes, whereas for religion and culture they may know where they want to go and are nailing down the finer mechanical points.
I'd rather just get Vicky 3, but that's me.
All the faction support tooltips are a little off — not in the math, but in the presentation. The trouble is that, unlike a calculation where the base is a raw quantity, like governor wages, the base here is a percentage. So you're looking at a percentage that's being modified by percentages. I don't know exactly where it is, but there's at least one good comment on this sub that shows what the math is for things like this. The OP there gave a few examples to show that their math does appear to work across situations. If I find it I'll link it here, because it helped me understand (though I've since forgotten the specifics). I'll give you an almost-certainly-false example for this situation, so at least what I'm saying makes some sense. Imagine that the last item on the list is the base: because there's no war exhaustion, the Civic faction's base support is 10%. This is then further modified by the Civic faction being in power and by Civic ideas, but those are *percent of the base*. So you would start with 10%, then multiply by 1.549 (100% of base + 50% of base for being in power + 5.49% of base for civic ideas). This would give you 15.49% support, so clearly this isn't the actual formula, but hopefully that at least demonstrates what I mean by both the base and the modifiers being percents.
That's a good reason not to punish Altuve and Correa, who are still players. But Beltran isn't a player anymore, and MLBPA probably wouldn't have nearly the concern about him being punished that they would those others.
Fuck, you're telling me we have to wait longer for the Cora portion of this to be resolved? I was hoping the news meant that the whole investigation of all parties, stemming from the 2017 Astros reports, was over. At this point it seems highly likely Cora did enough he should be fired, so let's just move on with it. Maybe MLB will suspend him a year for the Astros stuff while continuing the investigation into 2018, and that will be enough for the Sox to fire him.
Fuck it, I'll throw down $500, it's not like I *wanted* to insure my car anyway.
I'm not a particular fan of the Roman era (not any moreso than the medieval period or the Age of Exploration), but I still find it enjoyable. I have a few hundred hours in since 1.2 over several runs and it still keeps me entertained. Of course there are things that could be improved upon, no arguing that. But I don't think this is a game just for people who are big fans of the classical world.
Quick response: People aren't *right* about depth, it's an opinion. Personally I think it's deep enough to justify the price (which was the original context) and to be fun to play. The reason that other people's opinion on the game disappoints me is because, if the playerbase doesn't pick up, I:R runs the risk of becoming another Vicky 2, or hell, even another EU: Rome. No sequel for almost a decade, fewer DLCs than its contemporaries. It's not a personal disappointment (i.e. "you have failed me with your opinion"), it's much more global (i.e. "if people continue to feel this way another good game might end up forgotten on a side burner").
I don't think he did. On the Bootleg Series 6-disc version there's an aborted take where he gets through a verse or so before saying, " I know I have to do it but I don't wanna do it. It's just such a long song, man."
I'm still surprised they did it so soon, but it's a pleasant surprise. I figured they would wait until after the MLB investigation was finished and Cora's punishment announced officially.
Yeah, I think this is the key factor.
That's why it's my favorite. People argue that Highway 61 and Blonde on Blonde are better albums, and maybe that's true, but Dylan hit peaks here that he didn't anywhere else. He was halfway between the folk sensibility of his earliest albums, where social consciousness was king, and the poetic beauty of the next two albums, which were more seemingly personal in nature. These are Dylan's greatest words, and because of that it's his crowning achievement.
&gt; it's actually way less bad in republics because minor characters will create their own great families if they get over 80 (maybe 90?) statesmanship, even when you aren't changing rank. Okay, I definitely haven't seen that. Is that confirmed true in 1.3? I'm almost positive I've had minor characters hit max statesmanship and I've never heard of this. Is there still a limit of five great families (so this just makes more families early)?
League, and usually normalized for park effects as well.
You should carve that part of you out with a butter knife and throw it in the trash.
He's seriously one of the humblest and most seemingly sincere people in baseball.
I just love the idea of a bunch of wagons filled with food surrounding Rome, with only a couple of soldiers per wagon to guard it all, taunting the Romans with their endless supplies until the city guard just give up.
&gt; usually 60 are female If you aren't playing a nation that naturally uses open gender rules you aren't doing it right.
Wait, what decision are you talking about? I'm just talking about playing nations like at least some of the tribes, where gender equality is the norm. I'm still playing the end of an Ordovicia --&gt; Pritania --&gt; Albion run, and the first Emperor of Albion was actually an Empress. It's been a blast.
By regular-season WPA, it was Schilling, Manny, Ortiz; by postseason WPA, it was Ortiz (by a ridiculous margin, 1.87 to 0.88), Derek Lowe. The other commenter's point is shit, but we all know Ortiz was the most important person to that team and Manny was up there, we don't need to make ticky-tack responses to that one point to know they're full of shit.
Yeah, if the report is accurate the Sox should be punished, no argument there. That's why I'm glad Cora is gone: as much as I loved some of the stuff he said and did (no Sox fan will ever forget the Win Wall in 2018), there's no place in baseball and there should be no place in Boston for guys who so blatantly break the rules. I'm still miffed that Beltran seems to have managed to escape because he was a player at the time, even though it appears he was roughly as culpable as Cora and even though he's not a player now. I get the reasoning, but these guys should be gone. Edit: looks like I spoke too soon with regard to Beltran, fortunately.
I don't think that's true on /r/baseball, and this is where I get most of my baseball conversation, but I'm sure there are some baseball audiences that will prove you right. Still, the numbers and the awards ring true, and it's not like he's going to have any trouble getting in the Hall because of playoff struggles.
Yeah, that was my first thought. Producer thought it was like saving a milestone home run ball and thought they'd get a good quote out of it.
I was about to say the same for point 2. The only time you really *need* to carpet siege is to be able to peace out a junior partner in a war. Sometimes that can get tedious, but it's better than being able to blitzkrieg some of the minors and peace them out in a month's time because of their individual war score. And I'm not really sure why OP is having the experience they are, where they've mentioned in at least two threads that it takes "years" to siege every territory in a single province. Unless every single territory has multiple levels of forts, I don't see it taking years. This certainly shouldn't be the norm, at least it hasn't been for me in any game I've played.
[The 1902 Pittsburgh Pirates](https://www.baseball-reference.com/teams/PIT/1902.shtml) gave up 4...in 1264.2 innings. If you look earlier than 1901, you find several teams that gave up *zero* home runs in as many or more innings than this Dominican team. It's a really interesting accomplishment in the modern age (admitting that I know next to nothing about how Dominican League ball plays compared to MLB) but nothing close to a record.
So it seems like you just want the game to match your particular playstyle, which is fine, but it's not realistic to expect devs (or other players) to agree.
Nah, they said well-liked, and now universally hated; they didn't say he was ever universally liked.
I'm struggling to figure out who you're talking about but it's too early.
From the most recent [dev diary](https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/imperator-dev-diary-1-13-2020-the-future.1307887/): &gt; My intention is that the Archimedes update will focus heavily on expanding the religious gameplay options. We’ll be overhauling omens, allowing and promoting hybridisation of religions and pantheons, the dedication of holy sites, and many more features tied to the religious theming of the Archimedes update. So it seems that your idea, or something similar to your idea, is absolutely going to become a reality. It's worth reading the whole diary to get a sense of what else they're working on.
&gt; I don't think anyone considered Vizquel a HOF-caliber player until he lingered around for long enough to approach (but not actually surpass) the 3000 hit milestone Actually I think his case really started being built in 1999, when he was part of a star-studded Indians team that was just as good as the mid-dynasty Yankees and was the first team in 49 years to score 1000 runs. That was also the first of three years where Vizquel partnered with Robbie Alomar as a double-play combination, and I think Vizquel got a major halo effect from being on those teams and being in tandem with Alomar. I remember a lot of folks calling Alomar-Vizquel "a Hall of Fame double-play combination," where I hadn't heard much reference to Vizquel being anything but a great fielder to that point in his career. It's been a while, and you don't hear that anymore, but I think some of the effect just lasts even though the initial impetus has faded away.
When you use context-neutral stats to evaluate, Kent comes up in the same area as Dustin Pedroia and Ian Kinsler, neither of whom has a very strong case for the Hall. Pedroia might have if he hadn't been consistently injured, but Kent has a slightly lower JAWS than Pedroia as is. Sandberg is pretty similar to Kent in batting output, a little worse both in raw and context-neutral terms. But Sandberg was also significantly better as a baserunner and as a defender, and that's the difference. Even then, Ryno is among the lower tier of HoF second basemen (ignoring some guys who should have achievements recognized in the museum but really ought not to be enshrined, like Mazeroski). Compare Kent to guys like Eddie Collins, Joe Morgan, Nap Lajoie, and Rogers Hornsby and he looks like a scrub.
All I'm saying is, if you want to make a case for *any* player, it should rely on more than just a single positional stat comparison.
Yeah I'm okay with this asking price, not because that trade would make me happy, but because I think that asking price makes a trade highly unlikely.
There are concerns that make sense and there are concerns that don't. For example, there's no objectively right answer to what to do about players who were suspected of PEDs, or where to draw the line between heavily suspected and actually tested positive; someone who's concerned about PEDs can not vote for Bonds or Clemens and it's still a defensible ballot. Conversely, someone can be concerned about the inflationary effect that Coors Field has on offense, but that's what park-adjusted stats are for; if someone wants to try and argue that Walker is less worthy than Kent because of the Coors effect, that's not a reasonable argument — we can look at park-adjusted stats and see that Walker was clearly the superior player offensively even when you account for Coors. I struggle to find an argument that supports letting one or both of Vizquel and Kent in without voting for *any* of the other three, knowing that there are empty spots on the ballot. We aren't talking about voters deciding they like Vizquel more than Rolen for the tenth spot on the ballot. Gammons only voted for SIX players. He could have thrown in Walker, Rolen, Helton, *and* Billy Wagner if he wanted to.
Okay, I'll grant you that durability is a valid reason (and I'll lump longevity in there as well, which really helps Vizquel's case). It really doesn't do it for me, but it's like PEDs: there's no right answer to how much voters should value durability and longevity. As to the rest of your first paragraph, I understood what you were saying in your initial reply. That's why I lumped the two groups of players as I did, because the arguments that favor one in either of those groups is likely to favor the other(s) as well. I'm saying that (aside now from durability and longevity) any argument that would posit the first group of players is Hall-worthy, but *none* of the second group are Hall-worthy, is probably an argument rooted in something that's objectively disprovable. Even if you think the math on park effects is wonky, they could be off in a way that hurts Walker's numbers by 20% and doesn't touch Kent's numbers and they'd still be about the same, which would still suggest that you'd vote for both or neither. &gt; Vizquel or Wagner isn't really a choice that makes a great deal of sense as each are being evaluated on completely different metrics My point is that it didn't *have* to be a choice. Gammons voted for Kent and for Rolen but still only had six guys. He could have added Helton and Walker, Wagner, *and* Vizquel. Similarly, other ballots released in the last couple of days had room for some of Rolen/Walker/Helton but didn't vote for any of them. I don't think you can call Gammons's ballot a small-Hall ballot, or it would be more defensible to leave some of those guys off. &gt; I think the key point you're missing is implicit disagreements about cross positional comparisons. Any and all pro-Kent position inevitably focuses on his status as a power hitting second baseman and Visquel is presented as almost the platonic ideal of a veteran SS who has a great glove and a weak stick Again, this gets back to my original point: the arguments in favor of Kent and Vizquel lack depth. Kent hit a bunch of dingers when everyone was hitting dingers. Rogers Hornsby had a few dozen fewer home runs, but when he retired he was fourth all-time, at any position. Just during the years Kent played (ignoring home runs hit in the two or three years before/after his career) he was 19th; in the same way that people discounting Walker for spending some time at Coors is a poorly-constructed argument, an argument for Kent that relies on raw numbers without considering the era in which he played just doesn't hold water. As for Vizquel being the Platonic ideal of a shortstop, I really don't understand how it's supposed to be a good-faith argument that he was weak offensively, when there are players who were as good or better defensively but had better offensive numbers.
Sadly relevant username.
Yeah, that's totally fair. I'd love to have the time and resources to do some deep analysis and see if there's a way to figure out just how much integration depleted the talent pool, see if it's even theoretically possible to make some adjusted WAR numbers to suggest roughly what it might have looked like (for WAR only) if baseball had never segregated. Just as a thought exercise, more than anything. But as it stands, there's no real way to compare.
I agree with your general point, but Jeter is *not* the best all-around shortstop by a mile. "All-around" would include some consideration of defense. Jeter was a top-5 shortstop offensively, no doubt there. But he was enough of a defensive liability that guys who were offensively competent but could play defense would certainly beat him. Think about it this way: if you were doing a fantasy draft with every major-leaguer magically returned to the age when they first played professional baseball, who would you pick first for SS (ignoring things like personality)? I can think of at least five guys I'd pick before Jeter without breaking a sweat. * Ripken * Honus Wagner * A-Rod (though fuck A-Rod) * super-underrated Hall of Famer Arky Vaughan * Ozzie Smith
I think you're right that if Jeter had played for the Sox people here would be slobbering all over him; they would be wrong. But you're using batting average and fielding percentage as your chief indicators, which is not a serious argument. You're also not using anything that adjusts for the era. As hitters and pitchers change strategies and the relative talent level ebbs and flows, some eras involve more hitting and some involve less. Jeter played in a high-offense era, so comparing his batting average (which is one weak indicator to begin with) to Ozzie's, when Ozzie played most of his career in a lower-offense environment, isn't good. Defense is more than just not making errors. You have to be able to reach the ball to have a chance, and Jeter straight up didn't get to a lot of balls hit in his general direction. All of those other guys had better range, which is extremely important for a shortstop. I'd rather have a shortstop who reaches 1000 balls and makes 30 errors (.970 fielding percentage) than a guy who only reaches 800 but makes just 5 errors (.994 fielding percentage). And the only reason A-Rod moved to 3B is because Jeter refused to do the logical thing and move to 2B, where he would have been a better fit for his whole career. Rodriguez was a better shortstop from the day he came up. But if we're going to have a serious discussion about this, there's a fundamental thing we need to come to some consensus on. What does it mean to be "all-around" better? You called it "very biased" to say Ozzie was better all around, but the only thing you offered up is batting average. Jeter is highly unusual in that he was an offense-first, bad-defense shortstop. You're not going to find many guys who meet that same mold to compare him to, so you *have* to compare him to some defense-first guys and try to find a way to properly weight offense and defense. How do you propose to do that?
They're different sports. Quarterbacks have much more influence over a football game than any baseball player does. Also, I don't really care about football, and I wouldn't waste my breath defending Brady (though he is the GOAT). Use baseball players if you want to make a cogent argument about baseball players.
Yeah, I totally agree with everything you've said. The partisan in me is happy that Jeter isn't the first position player to get unanimously elected, but the baseball fan in me just wants to bust through that door so guys who deserve it can get it without it being (much of) a big deal.
Respectfully, I don't think it *is* valid to use subjective things like awards (based on people's opinions) to make the case for whether a player is objectively the best at his position. Not only are awards subjective, but they haven't always existed, and the rules and eligibility have changed over time. Using GG metrics, no shortstop whose career ended in 1956 would be eligible for discussion, and that isn't a reasonable way to have any discussion. Batting average and fielding percentage, we can agree to disagree; they're valid objective measures. And while I don't like relying on them, I'm also not saying we shouldn't use them at all. They can be a good thing to look at in close cases. But it's not reasonable to draw sweeping conclusions from statistics that are so limited in scope (batting average doesn't take patience/eye, power, or baserunning into account at all, and fielding ignores both range and arm strength) *and* that don't take into account changes in the game over time. Without looking I'd guarantee Jeter has a better fielding percentage than Honus Wagner, who played in a time where defensive equipment was drastically worse than it is today. As for Ripken, I think you put too much emphasis on his games-played streak. WAR is a counting stat that primarily goes up based on the number of plate appearances, and Ripken and Jeter have almost the same number of PAs (12,883 for Ripken to 12,602 for Jeter), yet Ripken has 23.5 more rWAR and 19.4 more fWAR. If WAR means anything at all to you, that's a serious and significant difference. &gt; further, he had a guy that defensively, like it or not, was almost as good as Ozzie Smith. Can you clarify what you mean here? I get your point that there were other shortstops who were great when Jeter played, but I don't get what you mean by this.
&gt;I'm sure Manfred will get to the bottom of it. Just like Ortiz did ;) Phew, thank you for that. I was starting to like you and didn't know how I was going to justify liking a Yankee fan.
Gold Gloves mean literally nothing. People make objectively poor decisions on awards all the time.
I'm also a small-Hall guy, and unless you're a hardliner on PEDs (which I'm not), there have definitely been some ballots in the last decade where there were ten defensible guys. Because of the PED players getting lots of support but consistently not enough to get in, there was a huge backlog. That said, I do think even ten years is too long to let guys linger on the ballot. I'd cut it to five, and I'd bump up the threshold for staying on the ballot every year. (If you don't get 5% your first year, or 10% your second year, 15% your third year, 20% fourth year, you get bounced.)
Oh, Vizquel is definitely getting in. He just crossed 50% on his third year on the ballot. Like his credentials or hate them, he will be a Hall of Famer in no more than three years. That said, someone getting in the Hall doesn't mean they were actually "deserving." From Harold Baines to High Pockets Kelly, there have been some serious mistakes in the Hall's past. I think stats do have most of the answers about who's deserving (sometimes other factors play a role in making or supplementing a case, like Jackie Robinson would be a Hall of Famer even in the smallest of Halls because of the impact he had on the game); what they don't necessarily tell is who will actually get in.
I think 50% right off is too high, because I do think it's good for the game to have some time to publicly discuss and reevaluate what makes a truly great ballplayer, which you wouldn't really get if only the surefire Hall guys stayed on the ballot more than one year. I get what you're saying, and maybe 10/20/30/40 is still low for cut scores, but certainly a static 5% cut is way too forgiving. The ten-player limit, though, I think you have to keep that. It's one of the few defenses against the Hall growing out of control. I don't know that it would make a huge impact right away, and certainly it would help some borderline guys whose case comes from a nontraditional analysis, but there are enough votes for Omar Vizquel already, don't need to encourage more people to vote for him.
Yeah, we can't know for certain, but whether it was his request or the unease of management to risk upsetting him, it was 100% because of Jeter that the Yankees moved A-Rod instead of keeping the better SS at SS.
Schilling does seem likely to be the only BBWAA inductee next year. Bonds and Clemens are on their next-to-last year, so perhaps some voters will change their stance (if not, I anticipate a few voters relenting on the last try, having sufficiently taught Clemens and Bonds a lesson). No way Vizquel gets enough of a bump, and while I think Rolen will jump up quite a bit, he would have to more than double his current support. Next year's first-timers include more will-they-get-5% guys than it does Hall of Famers.
&gt;I see a 1-1 flip of those two as pretty even Jesus. I've already committed to not spending a dime on John Henry's Red Sox if they trade Mookie or don't make a serious offer to him when he hits free agency, but if they traded Mookie for Wil Myers straight up I might spontaneously combust.
If the Red Sox let Mookie go, they'll deserve it if he has a 5.000 OPS against them.
Flair up if you feel the need to devote all your time to throwing shade. And that's not an implicit defense of the Sox (though it feels like your anger at them is out of proportion to the accusations): if the allegations have any evidence to back them, the Sox absolutely should face fines and potential loss of picks, since they were specifically told they were expected to change their ways after the smartwatch scandal in 2017. Cora deserves extra suspension over whatever he'd get from his actions with the Astros, and any other coaches and staff who were involved should face discipline.
Yeah, people forget that most of the douchiest parts of his career came while he was a Yankee. And that's not to say they happened *because* he was a Yankee and things would have turned out differently if he'd been traded to the Sox instead; it's just that the extent of his douche-baggery wasn't evident when he was nearly traded to Boston.
It seems to me that your original point was that fans don't understand the gravity of CBT penalties, and that's why they bristle at rich teams dipping under. I used real numbers to demonstrate pretty much max possible penalties without going over the $40M limit and facing draft penalties (which the Sox actually did the first year). The implication is that a team can stay over the luxury tax for less than an upper-mid-tier free agent *at worst*, no matter how many consecutive years they go over. Most teams wouldn't want/need to hug the $40M-over line every year, and would have a much smaller bill. To my way of thinking, a team that has already demonstrated a willingness to spend $230M or more shouldn't be deterred by spending another $15M as long as the talent on the team justifies trying to compete. The tax shouldn't be a significant consideration, and I really think it's better described as a PR tool when reducing payroll.
I can't understand this take at all. As a fan I can understand thinking it was *unwise* of Fiers, because he'll have to deal with shit in future clubhouses, and I could understand an Astros fan wanting to bury their head in the sand and blaming Fiers for allowing there to be a story. But how can you possibly not think Fiers blowing the whistle is a good thing?
You might think that, but [Robert Edwards](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/E/EdwaRo00.htm) would tell you otherwise. Edwards was a first-round pick for the Patriots and had a stellar rookie season in 1998, finishing 15th in rushing yards and t-5th in rushing touchdowns among all players. He didn't get any votes for Offensive Rookie of the Year, but that year's rookie class included Randy Moss (who got 44 of 47 votes) and Peyton Manning (2 votes), and Fred Taylor (1 vote) was a little better at RB. But all in all a fantastic rookie year and the start of a promising career. After the season was over, Edwards was selected to play in the Rookie Beach Bowl, a beach flag football game for rookies at the Pro Bowl. He [went up to defend a pass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXIIW1Bs52M) (the game was 4-on-4 and everyone played both ways), and when he came down he had torn three knee ligaments, partially torn a fourth, opened up an artery in his knee, and suffered nerve damage. He very nearly had to have his leg amputated, and his career was functionally over. Edwards did manage a miracle recovery to play in 12 games (including 20 rushing attempts and 23 targets) four years later for the Dolphins, and then played three years in the CFL. But if not for the Rookie Beach Bowl, Edwards might have gone on to have an exceptional career — Fred Taylor, who had a similar but slightly better rookie year, went on to amass over 14,000 yards from scrimmage and 74 touchdowns. Dodgeball is different, obviously, but all it takes is one unlucky moment to pull a muscle, strain a ligament, or (if you're extremely unlucky) blow out your knee. It's little surprise that owners are hesitant to add largely unrelated events to All-Star festivities, risk-averse as they are.
I just don't believe that that could possibly have happened without it leaking. This ownership group loves letting Henry's paper do their dirty work, and we would have heard some "Mookie turned down $350M+" rumors by now. I heard $200M/8 yrs, some time ago, but I've not heard of them offering him anything approaching what he's likely to actually get as a free agent.
P R O J E C T I O N
They certainly haven't demonstrated that they *are* willing, and they've been telegraphing a willingness to shed Mookie's salary through their media mouthpieces for months now.
Hello and welcome to another development diary for the upcoming Archimedes update. Today I will be talking about a revamp of one of the games more integral systems, Character Loyalty, as well as some of the map changes that will be coming in the update. **Reworking Character Loyalty**​ Character Loyalty, especially for characters with high Power Base, is one of the most important metrics that exist in the game. It is how we measure whether any given characters are likely to turn on you, as a participant in a civil war, or stand by you. If characters with high enough Power Base are disloyal this will in itself kick off a Civil War. Currently Loyalty is constantly drifting either upwards or downwards. This means that in most cases all Characters in your country are either headed towards complete blind loyalty to the state, or falling into absolute hatred of all things you do. This is obviously not very realistic, and it presents some weird situations when playing where suddenly your entire court is rapidly losing loyalty at once. What we want instead is for Loyalty to be a more individual number, one that is not so uniform and that won’t always be in flux. Temporary issues should be able to affect it but at its base it should consist of things like traits, current ambitions, power, and memories of past slights. To this end Character Loyalty is being reworked be the sum of static modifiers that add or remove loyalty. A system not too dissimilar to Loyalty National Opinion that a foreign country have of you, or the Character Opinions that your courtiers have of you in Crusader Kings 2. Like opinions, Loyalty modifiers are not always permanent, they can have a duration or decay, but their impact on a character’s loyalty will always be static, instead of a change over time. You will at all times be able to see what the loyalty of any character is impacted by and how your actions have affected it. These changes will mean that there should be a fair number of characters that can exist with a loyalty that is not at the extreme points of the scale, and that the “normal” situation should be for characters to have a loyalty rating that is relatively stable over time (only changing when circumstances around them change). We hope that this will mean that at any given point you will have characters that are more or less loyal, for their own given reasons that you can see. Instead of having all characters trend up or down towards the extremes, and that we think will make loyalty a more enjoyable experience to deal with, even if it is still something that can break your country. **Map Changes in Archimedes**​ As is customary for updates to our Grand Strategy Games we have taken the opportunity to revisit some areas of the map and political setup at the start of the game. One area that I have wanted to revisit ever since the original release is India. As I noted in the original development diary on India the subcontinent has a political and religious history that is every bit as complex as the Mediterranean and Europe. India is also very relevant to the Diadochi and the Greek world since Alexander’s empire extended into the subcontinent and the newly born Mauryan Empire is in conflict with the Seleucid Successor state at the start of our game. Western India would also see the rise of another Greek state once the Mauryan influence waned towards the middle of the period covered by the game. *Northern India​* One of the main goals when revisiting India has been to take another look at the Mauryan Empire. In 304 BCE the Mauryan Empire is a relatively young polity. Having expanded from a base in the Lower Indus region it has in short time come to usurp all the lands under the Nanda Empire, and relocated its capital to their imperial center at Pataliputra in the north east. This was not a journey that could be made while retaining total control over all regions conquered. While the Mauryan empire in time would build a strong state, with a sizable bureaucracy and administration its rapid rise was in part due to it gaining support of local powers in the regions on the border between Greek and Indian states in Punjab. Not long ago this region was ruled by a great number of powerful Indian Republics, some of which offered their support to the Mauryas and who would retain great influence within the Maurya Empire. In other cases it was more the case that Mauryan advance against Greek forces led to old local magnates becoming independent until later subdued by other Mauryan emperors once the wars with the Greeks and the Nandas were over. The north will now therefore feature a number of new independent states such as the Khasa (in Kashmir) and the Nabhaka and Nabhapakti (further west into the Himalayas). In the plains of Punjab and Haryana the Paurava and Yadheuya are powerful Republican states that are subjects to the Mauryan Empire. Further south Mahisamandala and Palada are now represented as tributaries of the Mauryas in the northern Deccan rather than as directly controlled land. *Southern India*​ It is hard to say what southern India was like with the exactness that we can in the north specifically in 304 BCE. The Tamil country has always been one of the richer and more fertile parts of the subcontinent and by digging into the history of states such as the Pandyas, Cholas and Anuradhapura we have been able to give a better picture of the political realities that would have existed around the time that our game portray. This means that many of the polities which exist in Livy and before have now been broken into smaller states. The island of Lanka is not yet unified entirely under Anurudhapura at the start, and the inland beyond the Pandyas is now under various chiefdoms known from the Sangam literature such as Kosar and Parambu.​ *Arachosia and the Mountains* The border region where Maurya and Seleucid interests meet was still contested at the start of our game. While Seleucus himself and his son Antiochus had recently spent some time getting the eastern satrapies in line their hold over the far east where this conflict takes place was less absolute. The Archimedes update introduces Syburtius of Arachosia as a playable satrap (subject state) of the Seleucids, together with the locally ruled Gandhara principality controlling the Khyber pass. Historically this region would come under Mauryan control shortly after our start, with the Syburtius becoming a greek subject ruler under the Mauryan king, a relationship that may have lasted well into Ashoka’s reign, when Greek (Yonas) are noted as subjects of the Indian emperor in this region. Even further on Arachosia is one of the regions under Indo-Greek empire. That was all for today! This was a brief look at what the Archimedes update brings to Characters as well as some of the Map and Setup updates we have planned. Next week @Arheo will be back to talk about things close to his heart.
I have to laugh when I see people talk about major powers always exploding/not exploding, because inevitably I can find someone saying the opposite about the same country in a different thread. In my games Rome seems to generally do well for itself, as does Carthage -- it's rare for one to dominate the other. But I know others have very different experiences.
I'm willing to give the new loyalty system a chance, but you and a couple of others have mentioned making it a system more like stability, and that makes sense to me. People would surely argue about where the baseline should be, and I think 50 makes the most sense — characters aren't in immediate danger of becoming actively disloyal, and a couple of debuffs wouldn't put them there without a chance to rectify, but it's still close enough that you can't count on permanent loyalty, either. The devs are right that it doesn't make much sense for all characters' loyalty to be constantly moving toward total (dis)loyalty; that doesn't feel right or natural. But constantly trending toward neutrality, not being particularly loyal without reason (and not staying disloyal without reason) makes a *lot* of sense.
You referred to statesmanship, but the more natural analog to me is stability. 50 seems like the sensible stasis point, not only because it's halfway between, but because it doesn't make sense for every character to be perpetually trending toward the point at which they're ready to foment rebellion. That should take some actual negative actions on the part of the state, not just the consul sneezing in your general direction and not apologizing.
Haha, I'd missed the Yankees thinking about a Pavano reunion; that would have been too good. &gt;Boy somethings gotta give at some point right? How so? Salaries are increasing because baseball revenue is increasing; as long as owners are raking in more money, why shouldn't players get a cut?
Check out [this graph that recently went viral](https://badvisualisations.tumblr.com/post/184828044636/1-as-a-rule-the-y-axis-of-a-bar-graph-needs-to). And that Tumblr has a bunch of bad/misleading graphs, though some are more wonky than others.
Yeah, that was the least satisfying payoff ever.
Nope. Rule 5.11 is very clear that the DH is only allowed to hit for pitchers. Even if you have early-season Jackie Bradley in your outfield and Zack Greinke on the mound, if you use a DH he has to hit for Greinke, not Bradley.
"What's a 'win'?"
&gt; Trout is worth what he is getting paid. &gt; He should have gotten more Pick one.
What a wonderful, healthy perspective. Cheers, friend.
Mookie would stay if John Henry would pay him, but Henry doesn't want to pay market value so it's time to trot out the notion that Mookie turned down "megadeals" so people will forgive Henry for letting Mookie go.
Hear, hear
I thought Arheo had said they *wanted* to get it to be a civilization-builder, but I could be very wrong. If they said that it is one now, I'm with you. And as for your overall point, I wasn't commenting on it because I haven't played enough with the Greek minors to have a good sense for it — and I know very little about Greek history during the period. You didn't say much about specifics, but in general I think a game like this is ripe for region-specific DLC, and it's potentially a fun-sounding idea. You also might scoot over to the forums, if you haven't lately, and find the thread where devs were asking for thoughts and ideas about reworking factions. They were clear that they were talking about for Rome, specifically, but you could suggest something that seemed evident in your post: you mentioned pro-Rome and pro-Macedon factions, and it immediately brought to mind an image of dynamic factions that might (in smaller nations) advocate for aligning with one or another major power, or (in bigger nations) what region to push toward. As the fortunes of a nation and its neighbors change, so too could the make-up of the factions, or what factions even exist. It's an intriguing idea.
I was honestly bamboozled by the Lester trade. I remember the clips of him hugging Henry on the runway before flying out of town, and it just seemed so damned *inevitable* that he would come back to Boston, I was actually excited about it. I have no such illusions this time around (fool me once, and all that). In this case it seems different, though, because as you yourself alluded to, Mookie seems to be approaching this entirely from a business perspective, not a personal one, and that may actually be to the Sox's benefit in the end. Lester entertained the idea of playing elsewhere after he got traded; Mookie has always wanted to test free agency, and seems less likely to take anything personally at this point. I'm still pessimistic about the odds of keeping Mookie long-term, but we can't rule it out.
I don't understand how people can buy this excuse. Luxury tax penalties only increase for three years; on the fourth year and from then on, they stay the same as the third year (in terms of percent, and still dependent on how far over the tax threshold the team is). Let's say you could sign Mookie to the same deal tomorrow or one year from now, and if you sign him in a year you get under the tax. On a 10- or 12-year deal, you're either going to keep having to move *other* players because you want to reset, or you're going to save a tax hit in less than a third of the seasons covered by the deal.
#PAY #THE #MAN
We can't know for sure, but there have been leaks more or less annually indicating what the Sox have offered.
Mookie doesn't want to take less than market value to stay in Boston. Those are two very different statements.
It's not like those are the only two possibilities, and frankly it's fucking maddening that people have acted like they are. There's been a sizable group of Sox fans who recognized that Mookie was bound and determined to test free agency, *and* that he seems to really love being in Boston, and never saw those two statements as incompatible.
No worries. It's hard to tell, because there are some people who definitely don't know that it stops increasing.
&gt;Nobody knows her motives and they really don’t matter. Her motives *absolutely* matter and it's absurd to suggest otherwise. If she votes cynically, and never casts the deciding vote against her party's position, *and then builds her entire political brand on being willing to go against her party* (which, spoiler alert, is her political brand), then it's not only fair game but arguably our civic duty to point out the game. Voters have short memories, and Collins has a sizable paid staff whose sole job is bullying the Maine press into removing negative mentions of Collins, even asking them to edit citizens' letters to the editor. You can't fight that machine by only commenting when her vote is the decider.
An activity I always love using for exponential growth is to model the spread of an infectious disease using dice. Give a die to one student, and they roll. If they get a 2-6, move to the next "day" (die roll) and nothing happens. If they roll a 1, another person is infected and gets a die to roll on the next "day." You continue this way for 30 days, or however long it takes to infect everyone in the room, or however long you like as long as it's enough to generate some good data. If you punch this into a spreadsheet as you go, you can generate a fantastic exponential-growth graph instantaneously.
Honestly, let's not. The man loves nothing more than a crowd, and there will surely be supporters there as well, risking possible clashes. No actual good can come from giving the visit any more attention than is absolutely necessary.
&gt;"2A people" are out all over the country defending businesses and other buildings from these shitbag vandals and looters So they're siding with the cops, who murdered innocent people, when many supporters of gun rights argue that guns are needed to fight back against the tyranny of the state.
Don't misappropriate Lebowski like this, dude. The Dude would 100% support the questioning of authority in the above comment. Find other words.
Is it honestly hard to believe that there are some members of the military and police who are showing signs of solidarity simply as a way to de-escalate, or to make their institutions look better? I'm not going to say with certainty it's always that, but is it really that far-out an idea? I'm no conspiracy theorist, but given everything that's gone on it's always hard to take these displays of solidarity at face value.
You shouldn't be getting downvoted. What am I making up? I'm not saying the Portland police are as bad as some departments, nor am I claiming to have firsthand experience of racism. I'm taking my cues from my friends who are POCs, and none of them have expressed the view you just did about the relative badness of looters and cops. I'm interested in hearing more of what you have to say.
There's more to our political parties than just presidential candidates. Look at your local parties and you'll surely see more diversity of viewpoints.
Traveling Wilburys Volume 2 doesn't exist as an homage to Roy Orbison, since he died between the two. Totally different ethos.
How not young are you? No disrespect, but that's very much a young question.
There's a primary in just over a month, and at least one of these two (there's a third R in the CD2 primary) will see their campaign end that day. These aren't ads for the general election in November.
Yes, he's Todd's dad.
This is just a tiny first step, and frankly they should still be mocked for it, or otherwise the political pressure kept up, until they're taking real steps to change.
No, I don't care if you read it or not. I even put that in the first couple of sentences. If I'd known more than ten words was all it took to make you go away, I'd have written a lengthy reply to your initial comment.
No, police unions can definitely have a purpose. Collective bargaining over wages and mundane things like vacations is still a purpose, and one that I support as a labor advocate. But police unions exhibit all the worst qualities that unions have (and are alleged to have) in other contexts, and they exhibit them on steroids.
And basically all conservatives in the US.
Holy shit, that's an excellent analogy. There are exceptions, of course, but I struggle with how to conceive of and discuss police unions as a labor advocate, because they still have a valid purpose that they're always overstepping in these situations. And the people I know who have the fewest issues with police unions are the same people who have the least concerns about police overstepping their authority generally, and those are the folks who deride unions otherwise as communism.
&gt;half the people refuse to see the truth even when it’s right in front of them. Well, we agree on that at least.
[This page](https://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/felon-voting-rights.aspx) has a list of voting rights by state. Your state's Secretary of State website may also have more information.
At the very least, enough will to make it not worth it to owners to take the hit, when they can also bank on new fans coming up to replace those of us who walk away.
Honestly, I don't know how you'd manage player transactions exactly, but I'd love to more or less put players in charge. Let them determine salaries by voting on shares of profits, similar to how playoff teams already allocate shares for their playoff cash.
This is probably the best answer. If Republicans still controlled the House, there would be the risk of [Wisconsin-style legislation](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/12/14/scott-walker-lame-duck-bills-friday-1064752) to try and weaken Biden and any incoming Democratic Congressional majorities; fortunately that's not a concern with Dems holding the House. (There's the theoretical scenario where Biden wins but Republicans narrowly take the House, in which case there's a window between January 3 and January 20 when something similar could happen, but if Biden wins, it's hard to imagine Republicans have retaken the House.) Holding the Presidency alone, lame-duck Trump would likely issue a staggering number of pardons. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if he tried to issue some sort of blanket pardon for any Republican ever accused of a crime up to that point, himself included. And with only the Senate, he can get judges appointed for any openings.
Intent would be significant to establish a criminal case, for sure. And intent could perhaps establish that someone else was responsible; i.e. if someone involved had the intent to defraud the SSA, then that person could be held liable for repayment. But, in the absence of someone demonstrating ill intent, there's no logical person *but* the beneficiary from whom to seek repayment. You can make a lateral jump and say it should come from the not-dead man, since he owed nearly the same amount in child support. But that can't be the precedent, because there's no guarantee that other situations like this will involve a person who happens to owe thousands of dollars almost neatly matched to the amount the government is owed.
That's some video game shit right there.
They're going to release it as the content pack with this patch.
Utah had a shot to go for Evan McMullin, a home-state conservative independent who set himself up as the vote for conservatives who couldn't bear voting for Trump, in 2016. McMullin pulled in less than 30% of the vote and Trump won the state easily. Without such a protest candidate in 2020, Trump will win Utah walking away no matter what. Utahns aren't going to vote D, pretty much no matter what.
I guess I don't really see the difference between what you're talking about and the roleplaying aspect of things. They're working on making characters more relevant through the political changes, but beyond some additional minor tweaks (more women being a key one of those), I'm not sure what you'd be looking for that doesn't fairly radically change the nature of the game. And look at EU, which is really the classic grand strategy game. I haven't played EU4 in a couple of years, so maybe I'm about to put my foot firmly in my mouth, but the EU games have never had a serious focus on characters, and they're excellent grand strategy games. It's all about what each game chooses to focus on, and the focus of Imperator is deliberately not on individual characters.
I'd most prefer that he come back to Boston, but if he doesn't, I wouldn't mind him ending up in Atlanta.
Punctuation is your friend.
I honestly don't know, but my tired ass read the title of this post as something about "surviving sex for the first time" and I started wondering how many mantises are browsing /r/askreddit.
PFP?
Well, if you don't care that your stuff is borderline unreadable because you don't use periods, that's your deal. But more people would be able to enjoy your wonderful contributions to the sub, and isn't that what communication is all about?
I was completely earnest and trying to help you get your stories to reach more eyeballs, and you responded with "who asked?" and "shut the fuck up." Still, I've called you no names and really haven't even been particularly sarcastic. And, for what it's worth, I haven't downvoted you once. What exactly am I saying or doing that makes me a jackass?
If it was that easy to find something irrefutable, you should put it in your comment.
What the fuck are you on about? Am I having an aneurysm or does this have nothing to do with the topic at hand?
Honestly I tried to avoid using the word 'progressive' because it doesn't mean anything (rather, it can mean just about anything in different contexts). But you're right, I remember the arguing even among Sanders supporters in 2016 about his position on the movement of labor across national borders.
&gt; I would. I'd yell at them even if they were sharing a TIL Well, no shit, that's what you did. I was answering your question; it was already obvious what you would do, because you did it. &gt; I don't see what's so confusing That was in my last comment. What you're doing here isn't 'normal' or 'socially acceptable' behavior. I'm not saying you should care about those things, just saying that your behavior is not those things. Your original comment comes off as a complete non sequitur. Add all those things up — non sequitur, unexpected irregular social behavior — and you get confusion. My surprise and puzzlement have been addressed so there's no reason to continue engaging. Do what you want, not trying to stop you.
You got a little lucky — &gt;!you were right about Carter ('74-'84 in Montreal) but Fisk didn't arrive in Chicago until 1981 and played until '93.!&lt;
There's nothing wrong with politely letting someone know they're using the wrong word.
Have you ever played the EU series or Victoria? Characters aren't a big deal in either of those, and they're both great games/series that have been very successful. If anything, I'd expect the devs to follow something of a Victoria path with I:R if they wanted to move from map painting. Victoria focuses on pops, politics, and economy; I:R has pops, and they're working on building out the politics (and economy, to a lesser extent) with the next patch. EU focuses more on diplomacy and, well, map-painting. I:R already has the map-painting going for it, but devs could put some work into diplomacy if they wanted to build out in that direction. They would need to put more work into developing more flavor across nations and groups of nations if they wanted diplomacy at that level; much of the fun of EU is playing vastly different countries, or playing nations with different rulesets, like HRE countries (or the various daimyo and the shogunate in Japan). Honestly, my biggest hope is just that PDX doesn't move in a direction of making all of their games clones of one another. Right now they have a few series going that all have different strengths and very different feels, some of the superficial engine-based commonalities aside. If they build out characters in I:R to try to mimic CK (which they're never going to do with a new CK game coming out soon anyway), it just dilutes both brands.
Somewhere in dev diaries they've said "before summer break" and I've seen it mentioned here that PDX offices close for at least parts of July and August, so we can infer from that information that probably sometime in June or July.
Most of that requires states, not Congress, though in some ways that's a good thing -- the reforms won't happen in all states, but there's no chance the Dems take the US Senate with a filibuster-proof majority, so sweeping reform isn't coming at the federal level anyway.
Why don't you think it will release?
Shit, it was poisoned before. At this point the owners have gone beyond poisoning to burning, bombing, and then nuking the well.
In most years fans of the NBA and NHL haven't had a four-month layoff with many people stuck at home for months on end.
Assuming baseball has a future anywhere near as bright and rich as its past (no foregone conclusion these days, unfortunately) I don't think that's nearly as certain as you make it out to be. Rickey scored 2295 runs, which was just 50 more than Ty Cobb's previous record of 2245. Barry Bonds had 2227, and five other players had more than 2000. Put another way, you couldn't lop off 3% of Rickey's career total and have him keep the record. Compare that to the stolen base leaderboard. Rickey stole 1406 bases in his career. Cut that by 3% and you get 1364, a total no one has reached. Cut it by 10% and you get 1265, no one has reached that total either. Cut it by *30%* and you get 984...and no one else in the history of baseball has stolen that many bases. The *second-best* base-stealer in MLB history is Lou Brock, whose 938 is an astounding 33.3% less than Rickey's total. Take the number two base thief in baseball history, take half his total and add it on. That's Rickey's total. Remove Rickey and the stolen-base leaderboard starts to look like the runs scored leaderboard, with a gradual decline from the top number. With Rickey on the list, there's one total that clearly dwarfs the rest.
That's not a great point. Ruth held the record for a long time, but there were players within striking distance within a few years of his retirement, and Ted Williams almost certainly would have surpassed Ruth if not for World War II. (I wouldn't give credit for 'what-if' scenarios relying on injury, but WWII impacted the stats of an entire generation of baseball greats.) There have been a handful of guys who either beat Ruth or got within 200 walks of him. Similarly, look at Cobb's runs record, and you'll see a number of players who have made credible challenges. Hell, Rickey only topped Cobb by 50 runs, for all his greatness. Ruth retired a few years after Cobb with fewer than 100 runs less than Cobb, and Eddie Collins not too far behind. Then there's Rickey's stolen bases record. We're 17 years removed from Rickey's last season, 19 from the last time he was a remotely credible base-stealer. Only two men are within *500* of Rickey; you could take second-place Lou Brock's total and add half again, and he'd beat Rickey by *one* stolen base. No one, before or since, has been remotely as good at stealing bases as Rickey. Compare this to another record considered to be unbreakable: DiMaggio's 56-game hit streak. A hitting streak 2/3 as good as DiMaggio's (the same margin between Henderson and Brock) would be a 38-game streak. There have been *seven* other streaks of 38-games or more. Again, Rickey's total was 50% more than Brock's. DiMaggio's hitting streak was just 24% better than Wee Willie Keeler's 45-game streak in 1896-97 (27% better than Pete Rose's more recent 44-game streak). Rickey dominated base-stealing like no other. I'm not the type to ever say a record can't or won't be broken, but there's really no comparison between the SB record and the BB or R records.
For sure. If someone breaks it, they'll be a uniquely gifted player in an era where runs are *very* hard to come by. Teams are much more analytically-driven now, and in order for a guy to have the green light often enough to have a shot at Rickey's record, the possible out has to be worth the increased scoring opportunity with a man at second instead of first. Also, I really just want Billy Hamilton to go on a stealing tear and end up tied with 1800s Billy Hamilton. It'll never happen, but I can dream.
Citations needed: &gt; If you teach your children that white people, society or others are to blame for your problems, that getting an education is "uncle tom" [Citation to show that this is a meaningful phenomenon in Black American culture] &gt; then you end up with crime, poverty and violence [Citation to demonstrate the causal link you posit] &gt; Latinos are impoverished mainly due to geographic reasons [Citation to demonstrate the causal link you posit] &gt; Many are 1st generation and don't have the resources established [Perhaps an intractable issue because 'many' is a weasel word, but citation needed to show proportion of first-generation immigrants relative to other racial and ethnic groups] Anecdotal evidence that should be disregarded: &gt; Never, not once have I ever heard a latino blame white people for their problems.
Haha thanks, I got a good chuckle out of that. I'm glad to be part of a community where mathematical pedantry is actively appreciated.
Rob Manfred: I'm 100% certain there will be a 2020 MLB season, and if necessary I will use my power to unilaterally dictate the length and start date of the season. MLBPA: We don't like the owners' last offer. Commissioner Manfred, just tell us when to report. Also Manfred: I'm not confident there will be a season, and this is a disaster for the game. Can't someone stop this madness?
Honestly I think he may have been winging it a bit when he said "I can tell you unequivocally we are gonna play Major League Baseball in 2020," but the general outline of that position had been laid out. It was always the threat, and I just don't think Manfred/owners expected Clark and MLBPA to call their bluff. The 180 is necessary to restore their bargaining position, since players took a page out of MLB's own book and refused to negotiate further.
If you're the owners, it's better to take the grievance off the table than risk it, even if you feel your case is strong.
Yup. Think of A-Rod's original contract. He opted out after 7 years and signed a slightly bigger one. If he had played out his original contract *four times*, paid no taxes, and spent almost none of the money, he would barely be a billionaire. He would have less than one-sixth the wealth of Charlie Johnson, who's the primary owner of the Giants.
Similarly, 0.2 * 43 = 8.6 - (0.43 * 3) = 8.6 - 1.29 = 7.31
You're absolutely right that Manfred is just a mouthpiece and owners deserve the lion's share of blame for this shitshow. At the same time, I see this as an "and" situation, not an "or" situation. Fuck the owners, AND fuck Manfred.
Right now, things look good for unseating him. But without COVID things might look different. Is damaging his ego worth increasing the odds that he gets reelected?
Any idea how long this has been the case? As a lefty, I'd SWEAR I made a lefty SS a few years ago for laughs.
What makes 3B more likely than SS in your estimation? In both cases you're throwing from roughly the same angle and might be okay ranging to your left, and in both cases you're relying on not fielding anything to your right (relying on foul balls if you're a 3B, and relying on the 3B if you're SS).
You just didn't have the extra line between list items. You either need a blank line, or you use * and a space at the start of each line to make it a list. We've all made hard-to-read lists.
Seriously. Even with the play-in game (which I'm still not fond of), only 8/30 teams play more than one postseason game now. This expansion would *double* the playoffs. Why even play a regular season at that point?
Reasonable people can disagree. I understand some people want more playoff baseball, but I appreciate how hard it is to make the playoffs in baseball relative to other sports. As to your point about "shitty, meaningless baseball for a bunch of teams starting in May or June," that's still going to be the case with more playoff teams. With eight teams per league, these would have been playoff teams: * the 2019 Rangers, 78-84 * the 2018 Angels, 80-82 * the 2017 Rays, 80-82 * the 2017 Marlins, 77-85 * the 2016 Marlins, 79-82 * the 2016 Pirates, 79-83 * the 2015 Diamondback, 79-83 Why should any of those teams be rewarded with a chance, no matter how small, of winning the World Series? You made a point about other sports, and I'll say two things: first, this is probably an unpopular opinion, but I really think the playoffs in the NBA and NHL are too long. Baseball has a long regular season, but you can ease in and out of watching it, or watch it in the background. Playoff games demand intensity and full attention, and two full months is too much for me. Second, if we're talking about how other sports do it, the alternative to the current MLB postseason I'd *love* to see is something like a soccer-style arrangement: make the regular season the most important thing, and crown the champions based on regular-season results. (This would mean even more interleague play, so if you want to keep the schedule about the same maybe you go old-school and have the two league winners play for the championship.) Then, in addition, you have an "MLB Cup", a tournament that's interspersed with the regular season, where *all* MLB teams start out eligible. You could even time it so the last few rounds are the same time as the current postseason, so you could crown the league champion in late September/early October, then have an intense few weeks of tournament baseball to crown the Cup winner.
I hear you. I would seriously love to just wave a wand and replace all American sports leagues, including the NCAA, with European-style league systems. Based on a comparison of population alone, the US could support about six top-tier leagues in a given sport (England's population is ~55M, the US is ~330M), and right there would be the infrastructure for your Champions and Europa Leagues. There's no chance any of this happens. I'm just saying that, as a matter of personal preference, I'd rather keep the 8-team playoffs MLB had for about 20 years (or even the 10-team playoffs now, though I'm not nearly as big a fan), or replace that with a regular-season championship and some cup tournaments, than expand the playoffs in the current system. I recognize that it's a losing battle, neither of the things I want will happen, and we'll end up with baseball having the same shitty system the rest of American leagues use, because it's the easiest way to maximize revenue without radically changing the system.
&gt;This whole situation is 2 parties who don’t care about actually playing baseball This is an owner-friendly narrative. Don't forget that only one of these sides actually *plays* baseball.
Of course the owners have leverage, I didn't remotely say they don't. But if there's a side that cares about playing baseball, it's probably the side that actually does it, not the side that just sees the team as an investment/status symbol.
Which is extra maddening because it means he's more okay than even other owners with depriving us of Mike Trout.
I've read your comment twice and I'm still not *quite* sure if "Surrender Court" is an autocorrect error or was meant as a commentary on the Court.
That whole line is magnificent. He fires it off like a machine gun, packed with so many extra syllables it nearly bursts with urgency, and then it ends with what, for me, is one of the most devastatingly plain condemnations in the whole song. Disillusioned words like bullets bark / As human gods aim for their mark / Make everything from toy guns that spark / To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark / It's easy to see without looking too far that not much is really sacred
&gt; didn't feel like something Bob Dylan would sing That's how you know it's *exactly* something Bob Dylan would sing. The man hates being boxed in.
&gt;Some sacrifices will have to be made. Clearly you haven't been following the negotiations to get the season going.
I was fucking shocked when I found out that show existed. The breach of privacy rights is so obvious and unavoidable, it's almost incomprehensible. According to the agreement between one department and the producers (linked in the series' wiki page), there's a broadcast delay of 10-25 minutes. There's just no way that's enough to address privacy concerns.
Glad to see some love for Ain't Talkin'. Bob has had some seriously fantastic songs in the last 25 years, but the album version of Ain't Talkin' still hits me like a ton of bricks every time I listen to it, even 14(!) years later.
So what's the story? Tell us some of the shenanigans that made your DM consider downing a whole bottle at once.
And some punctuation. OP uses question and exclamation marks in places for effect, but goes 575 words before using a period. Honestly, there are some really interesting stories on here that I don't finish reading because it's so mentally taxing to parse where one sentence ends and the next begins. If people would just use periods and the occasional comma, their stuff would be *so much* more readable.
Which two shouldn't?
Players would *love* that. Starting that early means more games and more pay. Owners have been dragging their feet and making bullshit offers because *they* want to delay, so they can pay for fewer games.
&gt;that’s really all you have time for There's only time for 60 games specifically because the owners kept repackaging the same offer in different ways to run out the clock until it reached this point. Hell, Trevor Bauer, who's being praised at the top of another thread for arguing both sides suck, wrote a lengthy post pointing out that this was exactly what owners were going to do, and then they did it.
Gross. As a fan of an AL team who loves watching DH games, I also like being able to turn on an NL game and see a game with pitchers hitting. Having two leagues has been an important part of baseball's history, but universal DH will be damn near the final blow.
Less diverse and less interesting baseball, with fewer choices available to fans. Again, I'm an AL fan, it's not about hating the DH. It's about hating this bland uniformity Manfred and Co. are going for.
No one asked, and no one cares.
I'm an AL fan and like the DH but I hate the thought that I won't be able to watch NL games and see pitchers hit. It's cutting out some of the novelty of the game.
&gt;filibuster proof majority, It's still too early with too much variability to say it's "extremely likely" Dems take a majority, but as for a *60-seat* majority? Shit, I don't think Chuck Schumer's wildest dreams include a filibuster-proof majority. That would almost certainly mean winning all of the following races (and more), many of which are still polling pretty solidly Republican: * Texas * Kentucky * Georgia (regular *and* special) * Alabama * Kansas * South Carolina * Montana * Iowa * Alaska
I live in Maine, and we had a proto-Trump as governor from 2011-2019. Same populist, "straight-shooting" (read: vulgar and bullying), anti-media, dog-whistling cult of personality with similar politics (ironically our governor, LePage, refused to back Trump early on, then sucked up to him **hard** after Trump became the nominee). No Republican was successful in mobilizing his base in the 2018 primary to replace him, and none seems poised to do the same in a Congressional primary in the Trump-leaning Second District this year. I think it takes a truly special brand of asshole to pull it off, and most politicians are too practiced at being polished to make it work.
&gt;I wonder what it would look like if you analyzed the last 60 games of each season. But then you're opening your sample up to different biases. Imagine a team that relied on lots of FA-eligible stars and should have been contenders but suffered a few key injuries. They might underperform somewhat in the first 60, but become sellers after the injuries (knowing their core is toast after the season), and they're a lot more likely to underperform from that point on. Sampling the first 60 games means managers are managing differently from how they will be in 2020, but sampling the last 60 means going in with a lot more knowledge about the eventual outcome than 2020 managers have right now. We don't know who will break out, who will get injured (or sick), there are still free agents to sign. Bottom line, there's no season that's going to compare to 2020, but looking at the first 60 games is better than looking at the last 60. I couldn't have told you before this post with any certainty what correlation existed between first 60 and full 162, but it would be weird if there *wasn't* a strong correlation between last 60 and full 162, because by the stretch run managers have a lot more information.
Shut the fuck up, Donny. V.I. Lenin. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov.
I know you'd like it to be a travesty so at least you could say you've done *something* with your life, however negative, but this shit wouldn't be worth noticing except it's Sunday morning and I'm bored as hell.
Who do you think is out there protesting those deaths, Republicans? The socialists are, of course, and some libertarians, and no doubt there are unenrolled voters and non-voters there as well. But there are lots and lots of Democrats in those crowds; indeed, I would wager a fair amount of money that registered Democrats are the largest bloc at these protests. And you're ignoring the parts of my comment you don't have a snappy response to. Again, being a registered Democrat is the *only* way to have a voice in who the Democrats are who run those big cities. In places where Republicans don't get elected, if you aren't a Democrat, you're ceding your voice to those who are. And you're *never* obligated to vote for someone you think will make the world a worse place, regardless of what letter is on your voter reg card.
There's really no reason to think that whatsoever. If we're going into hypotheticals, it's just as likely that people who live in pro-Trump bubbles would be unwilling to share their *lack* of support, so unless you have more than your gut feeling to suggest this is a factor, it's not worth considering further.
