Memo to Michele: He's already spoken, if you would just learn to read, Luke &amp; Matthew 4, temptations of Christ, worship devil if you want to control world. Honey, even the devil couldn't help you win an election. But if you do run, it will split the GOP/conservative wing-nut party and help the Democrat. I'm not the devil, but - yeah, give it shot if you can find anybody dumb enough, that is to say dumber than you, to fund your campaign.
Dragging out the "socialism" boogy-man, yeah gods. The Democrats need to hang Trump on the GOP candidates' neck where it will function like a rotting dead fish. Fascism, racism, nativism, religious bigotry, lies, groundless claims of accomplishment, and so on ad nauseum. They can't define socialism, so they will try to make it up as they go. But their extreme right BS can be defined, it can be proved. Newt's in many respects the founder of this divisive political atmosphere.
Yikes, why? I bet you're having one hell of a case of shaver's remorse. Never shave below the ears, never.
No loss. Irascible, arrogant old man who hasn't contributed anything of value in years.
McConnell is a "friend" no one wants, he has a lot in common with Trump &amp; Bannon.
Who the hell is his attorney? He's going to be deposed under oath immediately - and there's no fifth amendment protections for this kind of proceedings.
This is Mississippi, the assumption that the pastor can "read" the Bible is totally unjustified, lol.
Nice, just keep the shaving to above the ears.
Well he does talk fast, generally faster than his own thinking. He's one GOP member that is getting so far into this game against the Special Prosecutor that it's verging on obstruction of justice. As a founder of the so-called "Freedom" Caucus, he needs to wear his brownshirt openly. He is a fascist. He should be worried about opioids in Ohio, not investigations in DC, unless he has liability somehow in those investigations, such as working with the WH to suborn justice.
Beyond the ecological concerns, hardly the best time to market federal drilling leases into a less than vibrant market for oil - unless somehow they can produce oil from the leases at a cheaper cost than Saudi Arabia &amp; Iran can produce it. The world is awash in oil reserves, this probably will drive down the price - and Trump was a business man, a negotiator - BUT he went BANKRUPT 6 times, small wonder.
What, the barn has burned and now they worry about matches? Yesterday's answers to the day before yesterday's issues.
Another lie, to the thousands already put forth.
The invertebrate speaker of the House, whose reading ended where most sophomore, even freshmen just begins, stopped at Ayn Rand and who depends on his wife's family wealth for a life style he only dreamed of as a lower middle class person - will do anything to avoid scrutiny of his less than Trump abilities.
From the author of numerous grotesque works, he shouldn't throw stones. He gets his brown nose and brownshirt "honestly"!
After watching this "dialogue" I was left with the distinct impression that Miller, who is a deranged sycophant, and Trump, the narcissistic leader - it was as though Miller was playing Joseph Goebbels to Trump's Hitler. These two live in an alternate reality as a diseased admiration society.
The hot towels, massage, etc. are the pleasure part - for I think that modern cartridge shaves can be much closer, longer lasting smooth than the professional shave, but it's still a good experience. One barber told me quite honestly and up front that he couldn't give me a smoother shave, just a more relaxing experience.
Yup, length is addictive. But some carefully protected benign neglect and it will repair itself.
Now we know, it takes hours to construct the combover, gallons of hairspray, and what else to do while the construction project hardens - watch the boobtube.
surface trim only. Train the stache to the side, and don't trim, for a lot of us staches are slow growers. Great density and color. Of course the smooth scalp just points up the good characteristics of your beard.
Again he hasn't consulted or perhaps listened to his lawyers. First, he seems to say "ouch" like this when the news gets too close, sounds like a guilty man. Second, libel is pretty well out of the federal domain except for the first amendment that limits the amount of control anyone, especially public and political figures, can assert.
Again &amp; again Trump has denied anything wrong happened, so why are they upset - if nothing did occur, there won't be anything in the emails. You know all of these convoluted attempts to discredit the special counsel investigation are mounting up to a huge admission of guilty sentiments by Trump, his family, and hangers on.
Complicating his already ludicrous reputation with yet another lie - no one believes him, importantly world leaders, the peers of our government don't believe him, don't respect him and play him for sucker such as Putin &amp; Netanyahu.
She must have been desperate for sex. I only wonder if the sex and affai was "normal" or some perversion like golden rain he's come up with to compensate for his innumerable failings.
Like the Nazi's who wouldn't confess and admit their complicity with Hitler. These guys are cut from the same cloth, the cloth of the brownshirt.
Loofah pad, cheap about US$2. And exfoliating soap with salacylic acid.
Shaver's Remorse! Yup it hurts, hope you learned a lesson.
I would keep shaving, ABOVE the ears. Strong beard &amp; bald.
Senator Perdue has compromised his honor, he should have kept to "I didn't hear it", which had deniability. Durbin and Graham aren't liars, but they have the credibility - which you lack - and that makes you a liar.
He is consistent, if nothing else.
Perdue &amp; Cotton may, or perhaps the better word is "are, so ingrained in their own rascist attitudes that they truly didn't "hear", since the idea of shithole is conflated for them with any place that has a non-white identity. That is the mark of a fascist as well as a rascist. This needs to be hung around their neck and the neck of the GOP like the stinking dead fish that it is.
She's betting that her reputation for veracity is better than Graham's and Durbin's. It's a bad bet that will haunt her for a very long time.
Understood, but the failures of all three groups contributed to the extreme reactionary parochial attitude that Trump played on. Had the industries invested in and maintained facilities that could function competitively with the new off shore facilities, if the skills of the workers had been developed to maintain a productive force in modern manufacturing and the government assured that with responsible legislation and regulation, the would not have been so vulnerable to the falsehoods of Trump.
From your beard, I'd say you should be the man to give advice, in addition to inspiration. Well grown and maintained.
Memo to McConnell: Your title is "Majority Leader" Live up to it and you won't have to whine about the other side of the aisle.
Well since he's been bankrupt at least 4 times, he's not too good at what he loves. To paraphrase, I like greedy people (heros) who haven't been bankrupt (captured!)
Cognition has nothing to do with batshit crazy, and batshit crazy defines Trump.
Well he &amp; his lawyers know that the best plea deals are available now, so he wants to be sure he gets a better deal than Jarad &amp; Ivanka and Steve Miller. They took his income sources, his pulpit, so he's got nothing to lose and at least something to gain. The fat "lady" may be getting ready to sing.
Single payer is coming, and has been on the horizon for some time. The only question is how to get there. Health providers are fighting to maintain a privileged position financially, and that's understandable. But, in the end the single payer system will prevail.
Ryan married out of his class, he married a rich woman, read one book - Ayn Rand - and has since that "victory" and time concentrated on forgetting that he came from much more low income stock.
OMG, I never knew we'd gone that far, Afghanistan, Iraq - *"American soil*". Got to keep up with the imperialist GOP.
Kelly is experiencing the truth of, "when you lie with dirty dogs, you get fleas."
Did he ask her to say, "Bad boy," or "You're fired" while the beating continued? A little sincere and meticulous (S&amp;M) action.
So is Carlson starting to rehabilitate the memory of Timothy McVeigh because he was nice - not being an immigrant just a mass killer?
Talk about low expectations! Who cares? Better no Trump - better digestion.
A fool by any other name is still a fool.
My bet, based on the "follow the money" track of Mueller's investigation - Putin got something on Trump, but that is only step one, step two was using that he got him to participate, for a fee, in being part of the money laundering scheme for Putin and his friends. Now Trump, his companies &amp; family are all involved and subject to criminal charges, not only in the US but world wide. His tax returns are probably proving valuable "road maps." Trump's not too worried about the scandal, he's worried about jail time, monetary fines and property seizures, and don't forget, the Russian mob doesn't play by Marquis of Queensbury rules when it comes to losing their money. Poison, Trump's got good reason to be worried about poison considering the history of the Russians.
Don't fuck with success.
He's playing his biggest card first, truly dumb. After some sort of preliminary meeting where he could somehow givee the impression of compromise, maybe, but at the outset, plain stupid. This is going to get ugly - a liar and moral degenerate is taking an indefensible stand in a political contest. He's going to lose even more support. Negotiate - it's one of the main jobs any politician has in our form of democracy. Frankly, he won't because he can't. Bankrupt four to six times doesn't sound like he can negotiate in any situation.
With the Russian support of this release, it's time for Mueller to investigate Nunes, Jordan, et als for Russian links, are they in Putin's pocket too?
You want to end this kind of nonsense? Simple, the issue isn't DACA, - that only became an issue when Dumbnuts Trump lit the match on the fuse to Obama's executive order establishing DACA. &amp; he could in fact just redo that order - of course his "basel" would lose their collective brains on that, but that isn't a large amount of brains to begin with. But to end these shut downs, stop payments to the President, VP, Cabinet members, agency heads, etc (all presidential appointments) and all members of Congress, including their use of any government funds on a credit card or on their own account and add the proviso that even when the shutdown ended they wouldn't be eligible for payment or reimbursement of those amounts - ever!
Tom Cotton's mantra apparently is, "If they're brown, shoot them down." Disgusting, particularly when you know that Arkansas is capable of better, think Senator William Fulbright.
Obviously a misprint, because of his brown nosing, it may have sounded like heart, but it smelled differently.
So this is how you sell coal, keep factories humming? Meanwhile, excluding the immigration of the very talent we need to be vital in this economic sector as well as deporting trained talent, talent we paid to develop. Unbelievable, just totally unbelievable.
Kid's not as stupid as it would seem up until now. His business is a major beneficiary of the Trump money laundering business with Russians. Since the Russians appear to have utilized their blackmail information in connection with the laundering operation with Trump, Trump and family have been heavily involved with trying to free up Russian cash as they promised before the Crimea adventure resulted in sanctions severely limiting the reconciliation of monies paid into Deutche Bank, Russia, with the monies paid into Deutsche Bank, EU &amp; USA. Putin &amp; his friends need those sanctions lifted. They overdid their involvement in the election - trying to undo the sanctions and got caught, and Trump &amp; Kushner now have a real prospect of their illegal "Laundry" operation being fully examined both in the US and elsewhere. They have got to stop the investigation or it could lead to imprisonment here and abroad. They're scared and rightly so. So, that's why he won't sit, and will not cooperate with Mueller, who meantime is turning Rick Gates who was a major player in the details of the laundry business.
It's the only scenario that makes sense to me ATM. The collusion, obstruction of justice activities, the constant attempts to divert attention and of course the refusal to disclose tax returns (this is the only way I can tie that in) just points to what is probably the major source of his money. After all he's a 4 time bankrupt so his "business" sense is insufficient to justify his "income."
Analysis of all current polls, including FAUX News, by the independent 538 still has him at 39.1% with 55.9% disapproval.
I don't care who does it, but someone needs to get to the fact that the wall cannot succeed, it is just a boondoggle for Trump. The money should be spent on ending the addiction that creates the market for drugs. The profits from heroin, crack, cocaine etc. are so big that the wall cannot the cartels from evading it, the Chinese sources of fenanyl, and physcians and Pharma from prescribing excessive amounts of opioid pain medicines. The crime by illegal aliens is LOWER than that of our native born citizens. The wall is a total waste of money. Spend the money on treatment and prevention of addiction, which oddly enough seems to be greatest in the deep red states. Maybe it's caused by the conservatives so they can have a ready supply of people to look down on.
It is fake, FACTUALLY ACCURATE KONFIRMED EVIDENCE.
A sleaze bag - and that seems to be almost universal around the world in modern industrialized nations. He's the drunk at the end of the bar.
Sounds familiar, like edicts of the old Soviet Pollitburo for punishing errant Communist Party members for being insufficiently bound to the party line.
This is an accurate statement of the real history of ISIS. Paul Bremer's Order No. 2 lite the fire, he was the Sorcerers Apprentice. But at the bed rock level, it was ignorance of the history and religious culture of the area that was stacked as kindling ready for the match by the intrusion by the west in creating geographic states from the corpse of the Ottoman Empire based on what they saw as in the western nations best imperial interest.
Why, why didn't they ask him why he knowingly lied? Was it pressure, and then why did he yield? Didn't he know going in from the campaign history he would be working for a sleaze for whom lying was as natural a reaction as breathing? Yes, he's stained forever with his involvement with Trump, he's just the first to begin the process of admitting his complicity with a rogue regime. He will be the person his family in the future will apologize for or deny relationship. It was his choice, his decision and he failed.
Hard not to notice, it's States with highest per capita incomes and education levels vs. States with the lowest.
Conway is right, yes right, he's not "soft" on Russia, he's scared to death and intimidated by the information and power they have over him personally, his businesses and those businesses of his family. He eats McDonalds because he's scared the Russians will use their well documented skills in the arts of poison on him as they have on others who go against them. Yup, score one for Conway, he's not "soft" on Russia, he's scared stiff.
Just to add that if burning the flag is protected free speech, certainly kneeling is protected. United States v. Eichman S Ct, 1990.
Were they legal immigrants, were they "chain" immigrants, did they bring any special skills to this country (we already know their genetics and humanity were weak)? And why did he chose to live in an area of the US that has very strong historic ties to Mexico?
Nunes is an ambitious pawn, but when Trump goes down America needs to remember the enablers, like Nunes &amp; Ryan, of the Trump Terror and bring them to justice. There will need to be a Nuremberg after the nightmare.
Don't forget the increased fed rate payable--it's now going to cost even more to pay back the credit card for the "tax reduction."
I would bet they're using extra-strength Polident on his false teeth tonight.
Yup, first time I can remember boos in response, the failure of all SC justices to appear, protests in dress - yeah, it couldn't have gone off better.
Nice bald &amp; beard combo - shaving above the ears works great for you.
Expecting him to acknowledge that fact assumes he has honor, ethics and a gracious and honest character. This vulgar, crooked and lying person has none of those human characteristics.
The law of unintended consequences remaining in effect, my questions are: 1 - How long until the first egregious factual and logical errors are demonstrated, &amp; 2 - how many of its conclusions will be undermined and destroyed by court filings by the Special Prosecutor, they are putting their gonads on the chopping block and he will be in the position to swing the hatchet.
He is a Marine grunt, tell him to walk into a blazing machine gun attack, and if you are his legitimate superior officer, he will do so. This is the essential defect created in military training and makes such people generally unsuitable for government work.
The problem is that they are not trained sufficiently concerning what is an is not illegal. Kelly is displaying contempt for the law, an in the process exhibiting his own personal prejudices, he should have left those at the door when he entered office. There could well be a price to pay in the end, reputations are easy and cheap to lose, and cannot be regained or bought at any price.
If you did shave you'd get a really severe case of Shaver's Remorse, and it hurts.
Nunes ought to stick to milking cows, memos even though written by his staff aren't one of his strong points.
Red State taking a hit.
Memo to McConnell, Ryan and the GOP: You can run, you can whimper, you can be cowards, but you cannot hide from the fact that you own the Vulgar Ignoramus.
Say what? Trump and Manafort have been connected in one way or another since the late 1980's.
Which in fact they did during the colonial period, the Anglican Church was the established Church in Virginia for instance.
An admission he is incapable of holding more than one thought at a time, and even one is a challenge when it isn't about himself.
Everyone makes a mistake when they consider that "Most Republicans say there isn’t any evidence yet that Trump did anything illegal or impeachable." That may or may not be the actual case. The now oft discussed letter to the Special Counsel from the former attorneys for the President is nearly 6 months old. Other revelations from the SC's investigations come months after the fact, and except for court filings none comes directly from the SC. What the Republicans should be saying is, " *Most Republicans say there isn’t any evidence yet that* ***has been released by the Special Counsel directily or in a court filing demonstrating*** *that Trump did anything illegal or impeachable.* " Whether the evidence exists is still a question even though Trump, the vulgar ignoramus, certainly acts on a nearly daily basis like a man who is guilty of something and is desperate to hide it. He appears to be a very guilty individual, we just don't know yet of what.
The slimy things that hide in the damp under the rocks of the GOP are coming out.
Who cares? Really if she shows up or not the Vulgar Ignoramus still lies, ego trips and demonstrates no ability to be President. Just how many people would criticize her or blame her if she left him, who would care?
Just another demonstration of his lack of intellect, and a reason for his multiple bankruptcies. He just doesn't know squat about what he's doing.
It's a witch hunt, but with the major fact that "witches" have plead guilty, "witches" have been indicted, "witches" are under arrest. Yup, it's a witch hunt, a successful, productive witch hunt.
Macron said, *" said the other G7 nations should remain “polite” and productive, but* [*warned “no leader is forever.”*](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/g7-summit-trump-macron-latest-canada-trudeau-charlevoix-countries-a8388626.html) The only one, and I do mean the ONLY one who doesn't seem to grasp that is the Vulgar Ignoramus.
And, once pardoned, neither of these two enablers can assert Fifth Amendment rights in the investigation since there is no longer any jeopardy except for perjury. That's the worst case for Trump in so many ways.
What is going to finish Trump in the Midwest is the immediate effect on their agricultural export business. Those farmers are going to lose their market, and even if the tariffs are ultimately reversed \- they will have lost market share to other providers in the world agricultural trade. That loss is the forgotten lesson from Jimmy Carter who also damaged that trade with his "morality" based foreign policy.
With unsold hogs, soybeans and other agricultural products, with the ending of the ethanol additive market, the "economy" of his midwest base will be in the tank.
In the unlikely event that the G6 will listen to anything the Vulgar Ignoramus says and does readmit Russia without abandoning their Crimean adventure then the Baltic States, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania will be anticipating being sold down the drain too, and Finland will be none to secure either. I just don't see Trump as having any ability to move them, and the G6 will quickly learn to do without the US. The damage to the influence and voice of the US will outlast Trump.
If the farmers who supported him listened beyond the tantrum and self\-aggrandizement, they should be scared to death \- he's advocating the end to farm price supports!!! And this after causing them to lose sales by his Tariff Tantrum. It's welfare when it's someone else's, it's robbery when they go after your own piece of the government tit.
When a jackass is called a jackass, it's the use of the proper term and not stabbing in the back. Trump used childish stunts, arriving late, leaving early, lying about the state of his relationships with other leaders = he stabbed himself in the back trying pat himself on the back. And Kim saw his weaknesses and will exploit them. Again and yet again we see why this Vulgar Ignoramus went bankrupt more than four times.
You can see Angela's thought, " Sind Sie wirklich verrück?" Oder nur dumm."
Trudeau didn't do anything to damage Trump \- Trump had already destroyed his own credibility with thousands of lies in public, on television and his Twitter ravings. Kim will just mince him, dice him, and make him look the fool.
I have been practicing my German on the VI too, my favorite so far is, "Ein kleines Stück von Schweiner Scheiß.''
For Trump, and that's all that counts \- right?, he won big time, the news cycle concerning the Cohen revelations, the potential jailing of Manafort, etc., was off the front burner. All this peace and calm regarding the Special Counsel investigation cost was the US decades old relationship of trust and reliance and the dignity of the Office of the President giving a brutal dictator \- he did kill his uncle and half\-brother remember \- so in Trump's mind it's a win. And his base probably thinks he won, their attention span doesn't even last the time it takes to fact\-check Trump Talk to show it composed of lies and exaggeration
Why don't these critics point out the two stage tariff in Canada for US milk, the 200\+ tariff only starts after a significant amount of US milk is imported, it's part of Canada's plan to support milk prices by limiting production. Canada is still the #2 customer for US dairy, Mexico is #1. The US does a similar thing for sugar, cotton, etc. The US won't limit excess dairy production, the Chinese won't limit steel production \- it's the exact same situation. Cars, why don't American manufactures make cars that Europeans, Japanese and others want, high mileage, smaller, more agile \- nope, the US just tries to pump out the same old F150 etc, and of course, where gas is the equivalent of US$6\-7, that doesn't work. Japanese &amp; the Europeans studied the US market, made cars people wanted, and surprise surprise, the US bought them, a whole lot of them.
I can see the headlines now, slight evidence of spine found in the GOP, more investigation required to see if it's real.
Dreamers is what the majority of Americans want, Scalise, who famously once said he was like David Duke without the baggage, is personally opposed to doing the right thing for the wrong people, who are wrong in his view because they have brown skin and speak Spanish. He forgets that his district was rebuilt in part by illegal immigrants after Katrina, but his gratitude is missing because they were the wrong people. He'll be reelected because his district is still home to an overwhelming majority of bigots and racists who are also poorly educated.
When you threaten with lies \- google up the details of the milk tariff system of Canada \- you've got to expect real men and women to stand up to you. Trump lied about the Canadian milk tariff situation, actually it has more to do with the US trying to dump excess milk production on Canada like China dumps excess steel production on the US. Like I said, google it and learn yet again that Trump is a liar.
His best, not the best for the country he's sworn to protect. With Trump it's always the personal singular pronoun that's at the center. And he's dumb enough to think this was good \- just like when he bought the Taj Mahal, and it was bankrupt in 12 months. How does America go bankrupt?
There are still Quislings in Norway. And we have a bleached blond orange faced fat one here.
So let me see, the author clearly has a deep attachment to the flag, he's thought quite a bit about it obviously. But, he ignores that it "stands" of an idea, an idea made concrete and real in the Constitution. That Constitution protects freedom of speech, it doesn't mention the flag. The obvious priority is that the Constitution is more important than the flag. So, what is the law of the land? Texas v Johnson said that freedom of speech expressly, explicitly and without equivocation, holds that even burning the flag is an expression of free speech protected by the Constitution. The majority in that Supreme Court case included the late Justice Scalia \- whose "conservative" views were never questioned. Attempts to amend the Constitution to give higher protected status have failed each and every time offered. So the author is on very dangerous ground when he says kneeling is disrespectful \- it is a constitutionally protected right of the players. My guess is that the owners want to end this display because they are paid millions of dollars, yes they are paid by the government for the flag ceremonies and military displays. The owners aren't patriots when it comes to the flag, they view it as a commercial commodity and have duped Six Pack Joe into thinking it's the players who disrespect the flag. Every dollar the owners take for the patriotic display from the government is blood money, and Six Pack Joe has swallowed this cynical commercialism of our flag hook line and sinker.
Yup, my Bad \- a little subliminal display of male chauvinism I guess.
Bingo - all the junk about family was a ruse.
So this is who the GOP Congress is scared of, they are so fearful of him, potentially losing their big leather chairs and "power" of office, it's Germany 1933 folks, we know what can happen, will we let it happen? Whose side is the GOP on???
Ryan got the Trump Crotch Grab, as did the rest of the leadership, AND added yet more fire to the bellys of those who will vote out GOP members in districts with high proportions of Hispanic votes. Although it's really disgusting what he's doing to the young Dreamers, he is stoking the strength of the anti-GOP vote this fall to begin the electorial witch hunt and dump the GOP.
Good strong bald &amp; beard look.
Super-Sized Sarah has picked up the Take The Argument Personal tactic when she doesn't have a shred of defense to the fascist policies implemented by the Administration, all Sessions needs to do is mount the signs, Arbeit Macht Frei on the detention centers to finish the job. And what will Ms Super-Sized say when the first child dies, and it will happen, children need close and personal attention. So just one of the nearly 2000 children will need to get sick, and be too intimidated by the military keepers to seek help. This is coming, sadly it's just too easily predictable. I haven't seen one peep about medical staffing at these centers, not one. The blood of innocent children will be on your hands -- and resigning your post will never wash it off.
For anyone such an attitude is reprehensible, but for a Jew it is an unforgivable sin. He's a very mentally disturbed person.
I think so, maybe keep growing for about 12 months and then we'll know for sure!
The beard's fullness, not the balding horseshoe I hope you mean! Smooth scalp goes great with the massive beard. Just don't shave below the ears.
I wonder if his Irish ancestors were legal immigrants? A huge proportion weren't legit.
Although they're not becoming Democrats, I personally know of people who were registered Republicans who have taken the time and trouble in a non-Presidental election cycle to change their registration from GOP to independent, and it's a statement thing, they're taking a stand even though it doesn't have any effect on their right to vote. One reason always stated, they didn't vote for Trump and they haven't had any reason to change their opinion. Trump is tending a shrinking garden.
Enough already, "think", that's above Nunes' paygrade.
When do they acknowledge that a cake isn't part of a wedding, it's just a dessert at a party with no religious or biblical significance at all. Christ didn't turn water into a wedding cake, he turned it into wine. There is no proof of or reference to a cake at Cana, just a lack of wine - probably because they were chug-a-luging.
Ryan is only dewy eyed about Christian kids, preferably with rich parents to donate to his PAC.
She's making a big mistake probably because there's just over 1&amp;#37; hispanic vote in Maine, but this issue is much bigger. She's made too many "convenient" mistakes, she needs to go.
Rosenstein &amp; the DOJ have more brains and ability that the House GOP, they will humiliate the fascists.
Exactly - except for Sessions and Miller there isn't any support for this. The GOP congressional members should remember that their actions now, not later, will be the standard by which they will be judged by everyone but the base. "I was just following orders," will not be an excuse.
Ryan judges by the paper bag test, if you're darker than a paper bag you're not entitled to anything.
No, a wedding cake isn't part of the wedding - it's part of a party after the wedding is completed. Get over it, the baker's rights end where his customers rights begin, and if his theology is so dim witted as to think a wedding cake is part of the contract of marriage, he's wrong.
It appears that some GOP members of Congress are awakening to the fact that if they in anyway support or fail to oppose this innane, cruel, illegal and immoral practice that they won't be able to offer the excuse nor be pardoned by history for their statement now that, "It is the law." anymore than the plea of "I was only following orders." excused the criminals at Nuremberg.
Memo to Susan: You can't have it both ways, and you should realize in these days such two sided views just don't work, they expose you for the weak and ambitious person you are.
There is a distinction without a difference, they don't have signs in America saying, "Arbeit Macht Frei", that's it.
These GOPers should understand that following, " *the party line that the policy is Democrats’ fault*" will be no more effective than the plea of, "We were only following orders" was at Nuremberg.
A diseased man, but consistent in his failure to take responsibility for his own acts. Maybe it will occur to him to blame this tragedy on Sessions and hand Jeff over to the Hague for crimes against humanity. Meanwhile, someone better tell him that this particularly vile action just torpedoed any hopes, however delusional they were, that he would even be considered for a Peace Prize. That's toasted.
The real answer is they hope the news about firing this crooked incompetent could change the news cycle about the separation of children - a story that has gone far beyond what Trump, Steven Miller and Sessions every considered due to their lack of any shred of empathy.
That would be most appropriate. And church leaders of the Roman Catholic Church, and others, should take notice, this is child abuse, don't tolerate it again, didn't you learn your lesson yet? They should bar any of their members who is taking any part in this crime from any church sacraments, including church funerals, marriages and communion.
What will she say when what is practically inevitable happens, rampant contagious disease sweeping these facilities. The children come from a society with minimal preventive health care, so the first contagious disease that used to afflict children here, measles, chicken pox, mumps, scarlet fever, even polio could easily start and overwhelm the medical staffs at the camps and nearby towns. Sadly, it's almost certain this will happen.
When they can't stand the heat, they do leave the kitchen, dragging their knuckles behind them.
One reason for Trump to fire Sessions, as an attempt to move the news cycle focus off the child separation disaster that is creating havoc within the GOP and in the public at large. He could fire Sessions loudly, and in the ensuing news storm quietly quash the separation policy, blaming the whole mess on Sessions' mismanagement.
The sub-text I read here is that she, and probably most of our long time European allies all regard Trump with contempt and have no respect for him or his entire administration. They clearly recognize him as a Chaot und Erzlügner, as Angela might say.
It would be a good thing if every member of the Administration who supports and has failed to condemn this brutal attack would be excommunicated from their respective churches, publicly, Conway and other Roman Catholics should be excommunicated in one service, by the leading bishops and archbishops. Miller should be expelled from any Jewish congregation he belongs to and forbidden to enter a synagogue without public atonement, no other church, the Episcopal Church, for instance, should admit any of them to the communion rail, and so on. Public condemnation needs to happen.
Having seen the OIG report, having heard credible critics acknowledge it doesn't "exonerate" Trump, it strikes me that this is a gambit to start a new fable to distract the right wing base. This might not turn out like the Freedom Caucus intends.
He just can't shed his street boy from Queens persona, he'll never be in the Eastside Astor 400 class, nor gain Knickerbocker social acceptance. That sticks in this crass vulgar ignoramus' throat.
Republicans aren't a political party anymore, just a name under which adverse groups gather to cobble a bogus majority together. We have the equivalent of a very weak minority led government, headed by what's left of the former right wing - Ryan, a few, very few old line Republicans, an extreme fascist right wing - just enough to keep the Democrats out of the Speaker chair. The Democrats aren't much better, but at least they haven't moved to cult demagogue status.
Well it looks pretty good, but I don't think it will take any attention away from the bride. Don't get a lot of rice stuck in it on the way to the reception.
Love it, his "street smarts" derived the idea of a nominal owner, no doubt like his "secret" folder email tactics all sound like drug dealers. Maybe he can go over that strategy with his cell mates. The jail house beans will be just a little more bitter tonight I think. Please pass the Grey Poupon!!! LOL
Who's got the "Womp, Womp" now,, Corey?
Solid proof, if it were needed, that "Poor taste costs no more!"
I'm definitely curious as to her motives, as has been pointed out it was hot, there was no need to wear any coat at all. She being a model is conscious not only about clothes but how they're viewed, and she probably knew that her ascent into the plane would announce this to the world. And why go anyway? I never heard her mention her husband or any messages from him to the people she visited. Her dressing will be carefully watched from now on.
This guy really can't deal with truly intellectual, complex or sophisticated problems - so he worries about his pork. Ye Gods, what a fool. If he sits too long and doesn't move, they will think he's dead and bury him.
Steel and aluminum as opposed to agricultural goods can be warehoused cheaply, pork, corn, soybeans, etc. rot. And the market share, well that is gone too and depending on how long they let this Vulgar Ignoramus stay in office only a portion will come back, because the reputation as a politically stable country is being destroyed.
**Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.** , George Santayana
The root of Trump's problem is that he was involved in money laundering, he would have been out of business, or bankrupt yet again had he not done so. The US banks wouldn't loan to him, so the mob, Russian and otherwise, anxious to get their cash into things paid a premium and thus financed Trump's developments. The piece that's missing is how Trump paid them, did they wait for sales? Trump should worry, if he pardons himself for criminal money laundering under fed law, he's still hung on state statutes, and worse perhaps foreign laws, but the big problem for him and his family is that the mob, particularly the Russian mob, doesn't wait for the courts when their "investments" don't meet the proformas they were sold - they murder, where ever you are.
Of course it has a great cleanliness record, and tossing trash out when it gets in gets the job done.
Whatever kind of person she was before she became the mouthpiece for the Prevaricator -in-Chief, she has been indelibly stained by adopting the lies, openly antagonistic attitude toward the press and freedom of the press and dismissive responses to real news. She chose to lie with dirty dogs, she got fleas. She will get this treatment everywhere from now on, her stain is forever, sort of like Tokyo Rose who never recovered either.
Then it's just not really trash, it's just garbage.
Scalise, who famously said he was like David Duke without the baggage, couldn't give anyone, even Maxine the Mouth, a lesson about civility.
Unless the goose's acts are proven to be at the direction of Russia - if it gets to the issue of deniability, he's in serious danger for his life, and they'll take out Jr. and the son-in-law too. But on consideration, if they did, wouldn't that be nice.
It's just because the GOP is bleeding people who claim to be Republicans. Many people, formerly identifying themselves as GOP, now announce they are independent, but there aren't any reports of people who are becoming Republican. A smaller, whiter, older and less educated assemblage now identifies as GOP. That's good for America.
Although it would be a ratifying event, it's not necessary when the subject is so obviously off the rails, for example Google Narcisstic Personality Disorder - symptoms, then on the first page go to the Mayo Clinic. There is the Vulgar Ignoramus, and he's publicly displayed each and every symptom. I ask you, does the public need any more verification that we have a psychotic occupant of the White House? No, the doctors should be doing an evaluation of why the so-called base is still fervent for this mad man. That's the work for professionals.
Overruling the Roe case will in all probability not end reproduction rights, including medically safe abortion services nationwide. Yes, it will end in the so-called Red States, but many states will retain them. What it will do is boost jobs, in the GOP parlance, putting large numbers of backroom kitchen table abortionists to work. It will not end abortion, just medically competent services in many, many states. This is another jobs bill, and while they're at it many predominately poor women will die, but that is a budget cutting measure, the women killed on those kitchen tables won't be in the claim pool for their social security contributions. Yes, this is part of the overall GOP plan, jobs and budget.
Overturning RvW doesn't eliminate the right to abortion in every state, it just makes the states responsible for the rise of illegal medically incompetent abortions in those states that decide to outlaw medically competent abortions. But it is an anti-abortion movement, not pro-life, that is flabberjab. Pro life would have to provide medical care for expectant mother's - most states won't do that, adequate child care, again most won't do that, sufficient pediatric care, again most won't do that, so it's not pro-life, it's anti-medically competent abortion. It's a jobs bill for kitchen table, back alley abortions, its a reduction in social security costs for young women who die under horrifying circumstances having contributed to Social Security don't live to claim their benefits, in short it's everything the Republicans have come to stand for, jobs and reduced costs of social security.
It has to be done, it's a jobs issue, there are many unemployed kitchen table abortionists out there trying to make a living, they could be right wing votes, so it has to be overturned.
That's interesting. A lot of these poor saps are going to find out that it's what between their ears, not what's on their heads, that interests employers. And a term with the Vulgar Ignoramus is enough to set off alarm bells sounding in incompetence.
When nearly 60% of Americans oppose the Trump's wall and only 24% (that's less than his "base" folks) strongly favor it, the GOP would be wise to remember that in just two years an election will be held that will likely switch full control of the Congress, and God willing expel the vile ignoramus from office. There's no percentage for Congressional Republicans in backing Trump on this wasteful and ineffective means of border control.
You really can't tell what you've got until three months, beards are patience! And, I have found that being bald without some facial hair, it can just be too much skin. Keep the shaving above the ears, you're showing great promise.
Except, keep shaving above the ears! ;-D, a strong look.
Keep your eye on the prize, you'll get there. Reward is great in my experience.
Trump's apparently into international political fellatio.
Beard with bald works well for you.
One of the best things to happen to the reputation of Bush, 41 &amp; 43 too, was Trump.
My first knee jerk reaction, "Why is Rudi writing for SNL?"
It's easy, I've been there done that. Nothing to fear.
Yeah, right, the internet will pick up the costs just like Mexico! These kids aren't getting enough scholastic work if they spend their time with such specious work. For example they could study the effectiveness throughout history of such wall concepts, Hadrian's, the Great Wall, the Berlin Wall, etc.
Makes one wonder how they got to college without that very elemental lesson of history. Trump is obviously a dumbkopf, but these kids - that's scary, they are also total airheads.
He's a lot smarter than people gave him credit for. He knows a sinking ship when he sees it, and the GOP, Washington, is a sinking ship. Like a smart rat, he's leaving.
A brown nose only gets a guy so far, even if it's repeatedly browned with self abasement.
Beards are patience, don't do any trimming for two, preferably three months. People see the beard, not the hairs.
The father of GOP divisive political ambition with the ultimate result of his idea - a bizarre Alpha and Omega.
Oh, oh! Has the Fat "Lady" sung, is this nearing the end?
A drunk redneck to the core.
Why does he think anyone living in a country like Ireland, part of the EU, with guaranteed universal health care and low gun violence would want to come to the US?
Yup. But bald &amp; bearded will be a good look. Probably a younger, more alert look too.
Like Harry Truman said, "If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen!"
I, for one, am pretty damn sick of "winning."
Nice growing. Have you ever considered shaving off the thinning and receding hairline?
The cheering in the background is from Democrats as they watch the GOP contemplating tying the Trump Albatross around their own necks.
That just won't happen. The Democrats should remember from Adlai Stevenson, retread candidates don't work for them. And retread candidates, ie Nixon, have been less than the best course.
Yup, bald and beard works - been there, doing that - just keep the shaving above the ears.
Just enjoy, there's a whole lot of guys, myself included, who had the feeling once they embraced the bald that they had waited too long. Beard strong, head smooth - thumbs up.
Something smells like a scam going on!
Should be entitled, GOP leadership &amp; Trump move forward with the policy of Shoot, Ready, Aim! Well, in their defense, I guess one could say they are consistent.
There is going to be serious repair work for the economy, foreign affairs, NATO and traditional alliances, and health care. IMO, everything being equal, Bloomberg is probably the best guy for this intense and complicated a task. It's a slim chance, but as I said IMO Bloomberg is the only candidate who has the experience to do it.
The GOP "leadership" is reaping what it has sown, Collins is a particularly good example of this. Capable of doing right, she's twice wimped out. So Susan, fasten your seatbelt girl, your party is going to continue to follow it's Trumpian philosophy, Shoot, Ready, Aim.
Villain, are you off your rocker, he doesn't have the brains. He's been and will always be a fool, self-aggrandizing fool.
Never knew the Mexicans were so generous!
Courageous as ever! He is like Trump, he only wants the good comments, the good reviews, and just like Trump he never does anything to earn them. My message to this old fart, "Just being an old senator doesn't mean you're a good senator!"
Shave it, what's left really doesn't compliment your head shape, your face, etc. You will feel better. Keep the facial hair, it will help balance the look. Santa might bring you some new shaving stuff, for your scalp.
When the nightmare of Trump is over, and it will end, Mnuchin's lies and misrepresentations need to be remembered and reviewed for legality. As an enabler of Trump he bears responsibility for the damage that will need to be repaired.
They're all drunk on the Kool-Aid at the Trump Administration.
Bloomberg is an extremely capable, smart guy and full of integrity. But, I don't think it's possible that the current people utilizing the label "Republicans" or "GOP" are truly within the historic context of what has been known by those names. The party is now a Zombie entity, a reanimated corpse. They have abandoned the lofty goals and aspirations of that party. They explicitly support policies diametrically opposed to the policies historically associated with that political party. For example, Teddy Roosevelt set a high standard for the party when he advocated the Square Deal, and each and every one of his goals in the Square Deal has been abandoned or labeled an object to be destroyed.
Waiting for the Democrats! Santa &amp; the Great Pumpkin will get there first!
Strong, great shape &amp; density.
Well duh! It took him a long time to get to this point - oh yeh, a former - or more kindly, recovering - Republican, that explains it.
So "new studies", I doubt that, new right wing Trumpistic apologetics, yes.
Your picture is framed at a difficult angle to determine if you have a receding hairline, but assuming you do, it should be easy to determine whether to shave the head (the beard by the way is excellent, shape, density color). Ask yourself, how often you get a compliment on your receding hairline, if less than once or twice a year, well losing it won't hurt. Then ask yourself how often you think or worry about your receding hairline. If you do more than once a month, shaving won't hurt. Think about how many guys you see with beards who also shave their heads - there are quite a few these days. So dive in, shave it, keep the beard.
Short term this is a very bad idea, but as so many things Trump and GOP it reflects the "look to the past, restore the past" idea. The ancient Greeks said it, you can't step into the same stream twice. Coal's time is over, Germany has closed it's last coal mine, Bulgaria is closing them down, across the world - not just in Appalachia - coal is a dying industry. It's too expensive compared to natural gas and increasingly compared to renewables. Coal will die, it's just holding on to a past, trying to restore a past that can't work. The cheese has moved for coal miners, they need to recognize that they are being lied to when Trump says it's coming back. It's tough, but that's life.
He's not a "deal maker" he's driven his companies into bankruptcy 6 times. His talent is bankrupting companies, and he's seriously damaging this country with his inept "management."
Damn, you really wanted beer!
Nice beard trim, good haircut too.
True, but their position due to their being Arab Christians is a significant defining characteristic.
It will be interesting to see if Trump's public support for Boris "Brexit" Johnson's bid to lead the Conservatives helps or hinders him with the UK voters.
I bet they even count the silverware after dinner.
Smells fishy, just like Barr's summary of the Mueller Report smelled fishy.
Trump's been sharing his Kool Aid folks.
They insulted Iran's commitment to the existing agreement, issue diatribes containing less than compelling claims, then "condescend" to talks with "no pre-conditions!" The government of Iran may be and have done many things, but they're no fools, and they know they're dealing with fools. Clown circus, Trump and Pompeo are trying to play games far ahead of their pay grade.
Well I guess this 42% supporters will all salute, bend over, rebrown their noses and boycott AT&amp;T, but for the 52%, it will give ATT &amp; CNN a boost in ratings. He's like a "Banned in Boston" for porno books, it's great for sales.
His problem will be his elbows on the table and mouthing off while chewing his food. Wonder if he brought his McDonalds with him?
His wounded virgin excuse - didn't know it happened until he got told about it later - shows that he's incompetent, and wondering if he might do it, if the money for his business interests was right.
Small potatoes, what is appalling is that his vest &amp; tail jacket are totally out of wack - looks like they were rented, and at a cheap price.
Starting off with his tails - totally ill-fited, they are fitted like a cheap rented outfit.
Start with the problem Ginni, get some duct tape and apply it to Trump's mouth to shut him up, and bind his fingers to stop the Tweeting, that's your best chance, fool!
He didn't misrepresent anything, he lied! Enough of the euphemisms, the guy's a liar, use the accurate word, don't pussy foot around the issue of the pussy grabber.
What fun it will be, Charlotte will be a good place for anti-Trump demonstrations - maybe the Baby balloon will show up, wouldn't that be good for a laugh.
Keep up the good work, this will get under the skin of the Vulgar Ignoramus and he will blow up in a Tweet storm. Love it.
More importantly, without some facial hair with a shaved head sometimes it can be just too much skin.
Someday the baby balloon and this belong in the Smithsonian.
The Trumps obviously rented from the wrong place, and having never been in "polite" society, didn't even realize at the time that they looked like a version of the Beverly Hillbillies, but hopefully they have learned how comical they looked, and how poorly they were dressed out. Reminds me of a saying, "Looks like putting socks on a rooster."
It's a museum piece, as such it is "restored." LOL
I don't think so, the balloon characters in that parade are about HAPPY memories and characters. This balloon is and will be for all time associated with an abhorrent time in the history of the US.
Good move, it is more balanced looking.
beard isn't too long. Bald &amp; beard works for a lot of us. Try it, you'll probably like it.
A prescient Tweet. Hopefully it will be recalled when it happens.
Trump is the symptom, the 43% are the problem. That is a huge population to support bigotry, hate and violence. I use to wonder how Germany could have descended into the hell of Nazi thought and practice. I never even considered that it would ever be even remotely possible here. I was very wrong, and I'm very concerned.
Shakespeare wrote, " "My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: Words without thoughts never to heaven go." In America today the GOP says, "My words fly up, my vote remains below. Words without votes, do not go anywhere or do anything."
It collects data, but that data doesn't convert to tax effects without further action and that's the rub.
What fine folks they have in Alabama.
You do wonder at the ability of foreign leaders not to laugh at him to his face. I would love to be the fly on the wall to here the Royal Family's real thoughts on how this vulgar ignoramus dressed and acted at dinner. Did he finish the job by putting his elbows on the table and burping? Enquiring minds want to know.
That will add to the votes from the Hispanic community and their supporters in 2020 for Democrats. Bring it on Mitch, there's a political cliff ahead for you we hope.
If Spicer is counting the votes, like he reported on the attendees at the inauguration, then Ohio's Republicans are twice gullible, one for believing Trump's lies, second for accepting Spicer. Doesn't the aphorism, " *Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me."* apply in Ohio?
Yup, infallibility.
If Iran had warships, bombers and troops on or near the borders of the continental US, I think they could expect that we would be ready, imminent, to such forces. This is putting our troops and treasure in the midst of a sectarian conflict between Sunni and Shia Islam - we don't belong there, we can't end it with our force, and we should have learned that in Lebanon in the 70's, Iraq after 9/11 invasion. Someone give these idiots a few simple history books.
The contempt documents need to be sent to the bar associations of DC, VA, etc., as evidence of moral turpitude and request his disbarment.
Do they really think he even has the foggiest about what he rolled back?
If you want you could go longer and still have a professional demeanor. A beard is necessary for guys with shaved heads I think (I'm in that group.) Without the facial hair it can be just too much skin. Don't worry about the boss, when he comments adversely on your beard - a very good one - he's just acting out his beard envy.
Trump and most of the GOP believe they are exempt from The Universal *Law of Cause and Effect*. They're not. Trump's actions, including ending foreign aid, are the cause, the effect is more folks running for their lives.
Right wing loud mouths don't seem to remember what they mouthed off about.
Again demonstrating his thin skin and implicitly that she's outdone him yet again. Trump doesn't like women who visibly out preform him, two former wives did that and he divorced them. He definitely has problems with female authority figures, makes you wonder what his mother was like, a woman who came to America as a servant, he doesn't mention that.
Trump's mantra, Often in error, never in doubt.
Dumb enough to be a Trump supporter. Grifter genetics, like tiger stripes, don't change. In the true sense this family is PWT.
He was forced into this be the huge negative reaction to his Tariff tirade by the GOP and the clear and unequivocal negative response from his base. Stephen Miller must be chewing glass today. Miller will continue beating the xenophobic drums and we haven't heard the last of this spastic trade policy by a long shot.
Mothers always want their little boy back. Beards remind them that they, not you, are getting older.
Exactly, a political law of physics.
Stephen Miller is chewing glass this weekend, but he'll be back with more of his xenophobia bright and early next week. Stay tuned folks, sanity is a short lived spark in Trump World.
Good God Almighty, he tried and failed at one of the oldest political tricks in the books, create a problem, then solve it. His Good Friend Nancy could have done this, but he is so dumb, ham-fisted and strategically ignorant he failed.
Take it down to the wood. If after a couple of weeks you don't like it letting it grow out won't take long. My bet is that a smooth scalp, and keep the beard, will make you look a lot younger. And, I bet you, like a lot of us, will have only one regret, that you waited so long.
What idiot put that idea forward? The cost to administer would be more than it would bring in, and that would decrease the amount of money and assistance for people who need it. These people who want to see the poor hungry in the streets disgust me, they for some really mentally sick reason want to live as rich people in a poor society.
This was a pathetic case of scurrilous politicians, create a problem so you can pretend to solve it. Only this time he pissed off the GOP congress who almost got some spine to do something about it, and got some of the Trump 2016 voters on TV saying the obvious, that they made a mistake. Desperate strategy by a jackass.
My bet is that the staff counted the silverware before they let the Trump family leave. That delay made Trump think they liked him. What a fool.
Like a dog, he just can't resist going back to eat his own vomit.
Or, translating from Trumpenez, "I solved the problem I created in just two days."
Everything Trump touches dies!
Just like his hairdo to cover his advanced baldness, you can see right through his Mexico combover.
I guess it is just too little too late, when a young woman with limited education was permitted to enter our country to work as a servant, she was from Scotland, she was Trump's mother.
Trump's going to smoke Tweets with this, he'll burn up his keyboard.
All the "talk" of a new deal wasn't for the public, it was said by those to Trump and for Trump's hearing who carefully nursed Trump back from the precipice of a trade debacle that the GOP members of Congress would have had to oppose. It was a sham to get Trump to push his tweet out to cancel the tariff imposition.
Kellyanne's husband is right, he's losing it. He's seems to be believing his own bullshit.
Ending the right of women to medically competent abortion services, executions, castrations, - and this is progress? Alabama may be the missing proof that evolution is only a theory and can't be proven in facts.
These two are the poster children for the GOP's "We got ours" generation. They are plucking America like a chicken, a feather here for their own nest, a feather there for a fellow member of their generation. They enable Trump, support the divisions in our society and for the sole purpose of getting more for themselves. A recent TV series on the Greeks points out that the Greek Golden Age of democracy in Greece lasted less than 200 years - and these two are evidence that America's age of democracy is now over and it's a grab all you can time for our society.
If Ohio is the "heart of America" the country is in cardiac meltdown as evidenced by this congressman.
Jim, "let me take my coat off and try to look mean," Jordan is right up there with Steve King as a troglodyte in residence in the Congress.
Selected symptoms of Schizophrenia: 1. Auditory: The person most often hears voices in their head. - the voices of many people praising him. 2. Delusions: They consider themselves a major figure on the world stage, 3. Confused thought &amp; speech: When they talk, their words can come out jumbled and not make sense. 4. Flattening: When they talk, their voice can sound flat, like they have no emotions. They may not smile normally or show usual facial emotions in response to conversations or things happening around them. A doctor might call this affective flattening. So he's crazy, it's not new, but he has clear symptoms of mental illness.
Dumb is as dumb does. She's probably never met anyone with Hispanic heritage, traveled further than 1000 miles from her home, never gotten any education further than high school - and not a demanding scholastic record there. She's the frightening part of this for me, she would embrace Hitler because he agreed with her limited horizon bigotry and ignorance. And, there are a lot of them out there, and they're breeding.
Shocking, no - what this constitutes is a consistent and disgusting pattern for the most corrupt administration in US history. At the appropriate point she needs to be investigated to see if she broke laws, and then if she did, and is convicted by a jury, she needs to serve time for her crimes.
It does take time to adjust, and for some reason Mothers &amp; wives seem to have a hard time accepting the new look. It's like they have a persistence of vision issue. But even they come around, after all no one but no one gets compliments like, "You're receding hairline looks so good, sexy." Nope, that never happens. And, receding hairlines never return, always proceed. It's a "new dude in the mirror" but that is not such a bad thing.
Again and again Trump buttresses the judgment of Rex Tillerson, "He's a fucking moron." Succinct, to the point, accurate and NEVER varies.
A real student, spelling bee material.
Because of the Enabler Controlled Senate, continuing the investigation in the House should continue, and Democrats should support a criminal investigation post 2020. However, it's a question whether such a position might drive marginal Trump supporters to the polls who, while they might not be disillusioned enough to vote for the Democratic nominee, might otherwise decide to sit it out.
I wonder if she clicked her heels in Trump's direction and said "Jawhol mein fürher' before she did her bend over hold ankles routine. This woman has no pride.
Another exit act at the WH but with her it is without question good riddance to bad rubbish. As Trump disgraced his office she disgraced hers. She lowered the bar to historic, unprecedented levels.
Shoot, ready, aim -- what passes for careful examination of facts, gathering intelligence and caution in the Trump administration.
But they wouldn't do anything concrete, like adopting by unanimous consent provisions to explicitly prohibit such treasonous acts. They can't get their noses out of Trump's butt.
Hasn't Trump just punched another hole in his "presidential privilege" objection to McGahn testifying before the House committees? First he let McGahn testify to Mueller, now he's speaking in public about what did, or did not, transpire between himself and McGahn.
She was fairly safe against any unwanted physical advances by Trump due to her physical presence, she was safe because of her subservience to his whims concerning news. She's going to be hard to replace. Arkansas' loss is Washington's gain on her departure.
Except from some of his most subservient enablers, like Steve Scalise. Those individuals who have defended Trump's open attempt at conspiracy to violate campaign laws have succeeded in putting themselves a little lower than Trump on the scale of public decency.
Dumb ideas, the stock and trade of the GOP. The GOP's traditional "Old man's war, young person's fight" is alive, is well and is damn dangerous.
Well there were just so many people! LOL How could he have anticipated that large a turn out. Of course it ran over budget.
He is stupid, in his heart he believes God has chosen him, Pence, to be President. He has kept his nose up Trump's butt and is so dumb he thought that Trump would reward him. A brown nose doesn't go far with Trump.
It probably was, after they counted the silverware to be sure he hadn't stolen any.
Add to the questionable accuracy of reports gathered so quickly and vouched for in hast by people who have an interest in the results, there is Trump's reputation as a "go it alone guy" with our allies. They will not follow him or his war team, Bolton and Pompeo, quickly or without production of more completely vetted information. Oddly enough, Trump &amp; his team are inadvertently limited by the history, much of it their own.
But he couldn't fight and put his fat butt in the line of fire in Vietnam with his draft dodging "bone spurs." The only place Trump has bone spurs is in the brain. He advises and encourages people to violate the law, he admits he'd violate the law then wants to "protect" the flag. Empty words do not to heaven go. Rather than "protect" the flag, why not protect the poor, welcome the persecuted, speak the truth?
$82 million "in the bank" and a losing lunatic in the WH. A winning combination?
Totally out of contact with reality, only occupant of WH ever to never have had a 50% approval rating - except in his mind, maybe it's all the hair bleaching that's done it, it has affected his brain.
Ever notice that after "bad" or "fake news" the shade of orange seems to become more intense, like it drives him to apply too much color?
What everyone is missing is that yes, Iran and various elements within Iran are probably involved. It's why they are involved that gets little if any coverage. Iran sees itself as the protector of Shia Islam, and even though not an Arab country it has projected itself into the Shia struggle to overcome a thousand years of repression by the Sunni majority and will continue to do so. It supports the Shia minority in Yemen, in Lebanon, and in Saudi Arabi. The crux of the issue is the Shia/Sunni conflict. So, even though the incident probably has roots in Iran, the real root, the cause is the struggle of Shia Islam for relief from Sunni oppression and prejudice. We don't belong in that struggle. Israel feels that somehow it can benefit from involving itself, and by extension the US, in this conflict. That is not a bet that the US should make.
Beards are patience, and if given some benevolent neglect they repair themselves.
The issue here and in many of the so-called battleground states is getting the ABT vote out because it is so easy for voters like this to just sit it out. 2020 is not a year for Americans to sit it out, this time the loss is just too dangerous to contemplate.
China, with a history of more than 4000 years, has a truly long view of all conflicts and Trump/Kudlow's ham-fisted, policies totally ignore the strength that China's long history provides. But then, Trump would have to read, and Kudlow would need a more nuanced understanding of the influence of China's history on its strategy to understand this. Then into that relationship, put the US with obvious pressure points of China's position of a holder of US debt and their near monopoly of the facilities to process critical materials such as rare earth metals - it's not a good place for the US to be with mentally and intellectually challenged leadership, although leadership is probably not the right word.
Whoa, that's in the hotspot, but there isn't a large shia presence in Kuwait, unless they are imported workers are there???
McConnell can't be shamed, bought yes most definitely, shamed, nope he has no sense of shame or honor.
Kuwait would be an unlikely point for a Shia based action against Americans in support of Iran, but the weak under belly, IMO, is the Shia majority regions of Saudi Arabia where so much of the petroleum activity is based and which has been subjected to heavy handed "justice" by the Sunnis, including the recent execution of nearly forty Shia. They could look to the Shia revolt in Lebanon in the 70's for inspiration.
The question that is not being addressed is would the facts used in impeachment proceeding be a basis for a defense of double jeopardy when Trump leaves office and is subject to criminal prosecution based on these facts? The political "feel good" of articles of impeachment would be short lived and the anger great if he was able to assert that defense after a nearly certain inability to convict in the Senate and it's the criminal prosecution that should be the goal here since his time in office seems increasingly certain to end at one term. His treasonous, incompetent and malicious time in office must not go unpunished, and prison for him and his enablers would be the best cleanser for the filth he has tarnished our nation with. He must answer for the crimes.
This is a plan that is logistically as well as legally impossible. One might wonder what Steve Miller was thinking. By plane, each holding say 250 people - that's a lot, they would all have to be going to a country willing to accept them, the transportees would all have to be processed to determine their statehood, the receiving country would have to be ready to accept and process at their end. And, trying to find suitable aircraft in the middle of the high tourist season with so many flights cancelled because of the Boeing Max issues, well good luck. The budget and personnel - since they are stretched to put it mildly at the border. Again, it's shoot, aim ready time at the WH. Another Stephen Miller f'up. This is going to be bad on all sides, the immigrants, the government workers, etc. One tremendously poorly thought out idea.
Washington's gain is Arkansas' loss. And Arkansas can't take too many, it's hardly an economic hot spot.
How much is the question, but one thing that is certain, it won't be paid.
That's as bad (LOL) as the announcement that the University of Arkansas just released news of a discovery of a new use for sheep, wool.
She's about to find out, we hope, that her state values quality over quantity. Her essential dishonesty and craven obedience to the enablers of Trump shall be her Waterloo.
Not much value in the polling questions since the exact operation and component parts of "Medicare for All" has never been defined, it is inexact and by in large means that some form of "universal health care" patched onto the Medicare program, a program by the way that the GOP vigorously opposed.
Gerald Ford loss of reelection was substantially due to his pardon of Nixon who had a high probability of being indicted. Due to the rampant disregard for law, Trump has to be tried at the federal level, even at the state level and if convicted he must serve time, and not only Trump but all his enablers who have committed crimes and have not yet plead guilty and are serving time. This is for the restoration of the dignity of the office after having been soiled by a would be "mafia-style" crook and his henchmen.
This is a problem of the health care industry - insurers, Big Pharma, medical doctors, hospitals, medical devices manufactures - own making. Their blind resistance to change is and will be the cause of a painful but inevitable march to universal health care. That progress will be made even more difficult by their obstreperous opposition, but difficult as it may be it is coming and they will ultimately be the worse for not having made a constructive effort to accomplish universal coverage as a goal.
Something tells me he wouldn't like the "welcome" in general population.
The United States Consigliere. Makes a person sick, and we thought John Mitchell was a sleaze bag.
I wonder if Florida polling has made any assessment of the influence of the Puerto Ricans who had to move to Florida as a result of Trump's penurious treatment of their recovery claims and those claims by Puerto Rico itself, including how many have registered to vote?
and would-be fascist! Why doesn't he fess up and wear his brownshirt openly?
So, I guess the Trump campaign won't pay its whole bill to the city.
My worry is that among Trump supporters and enablers, they want the unspeakable to happen, they don't fear it, it is a dream goal.
Hope Hicks seems to share a characteristic with Trump, she appears to think of herself first and foremost. And if push comes to shove she's not going to spend a lot of cash avoiding Congressional summons. What she says there, it will be leaked before sundown.
Exactly, looks like a great shape for you as is, Beard Gods have taken care of that for you.
So Pompeo thinks they are working together!!! He's either dumb as a post - a possibility granted - or he's actively inventing "evidence" as with the Iraq invasion. The NAACP &amp; KKK would be having a picnic together before Al Qaeda &amp; Iran would work together. If someone told this to Pompeo &amp; he believed it, he's dumb as a post. If he made it up - he's out to create war.
Give him a break, it could be stupidity, it really could. He, like Trump, shows no indication of reading up on his topics.
If he was able to call down that kind of punishment, it makes one think that the God of the Old Testament was sympathetic, could it be that He, Himself, is bald?
Trump was all caught up in the warm glow of the letter, thinking he could do what his Best Bro Friend does on a daily basis. He does love the dictator powers.
I wonder if they will commemorate all the "brave" men who weren't able to put their butts in the line of fire because of bone spurs?
They are thinking they can arrest 2000 family members in an orderly and legal way? Based on their past performance this is headed for a disaster of their own making. Memo to the DNC: Hang this albatross around their necks, big time. They are putting this on a silver platter to show their incompetence over and above their fascist, racist and unAmerican beliefs and practices.
Memories of Ahmed Abdel Hadi Chalabi !
Well at least someone in their midst has the forethought to realize the problems they are about to cause, &amp;#x200B; *" Acting Homeland Security Secretary Kevin McAleenan has reportedly been urging ICE to take a more limited approach to detain a group of about 150 families who had attorneys but dropped out of the legal process and absconded.* ***He warned that the widespread operation could risk separating children from their parents."*** And that's just what's obvious. Hang this around the neck of every GOP candidate, the GOP leadership, in English and Spanish --this is going to be a disaster.
Yeah, they call them selves Christians, but can't point to one instance of Christ or his apostles trying to get the state to enact laws to support their views. Of course they never did. So they wrap themselves in the name to extend their view of society on everyone. The so-called Christian Right isn't Christian and it isn't right.
If those are constitute American economic interests we're in sad shape folks. Looks to me like a letter composed by a Trump campaign worker to develop high numbers of signatures without regard to relevant involvement in international trade and economics.
My, my - the good senator seems to be doing a little cya now that the political shenanigans of the tax bill become apparent.
It was a very good move for the people who were about to be hurt, but there is part of me that thinks she saved him and the GOP from a self inflicted wound that could have helped her and the Democrats. She was right, but there is that part of me that regrets this happened.
If Trump does anything that even vaguely threatens Powell, the market will tank in form and speed that has never been seen in reaction to presidential acts.
Next question should be is the US the only country in which lobbyists for the financial interests of the providers of health insurance, pharmaceutical companies, medical device manufacturers, hospitals &amp; doctors maintain lobbyists to protect their interest in an organized fashion with lots of money, and the patients are unrepresented in any even vaguely commensurate way? We all know the answer to that one.
Trump isn't going to piss off the Saudi royal family any more than he'll criticize Putin - because Trump and his family need them as money sources since no one else will lend to them. Don't piss off the money.
That action would require a backbone, and the GOP is terminally invertebrate at this time with absolutely nothing in evidence that would change that.
Don't ask permission, and you may later ask foregiveness. Wifes, like mothers, see their little boys as they were, not as they are. You're going bald, you seem to have accepted it - and whether your wife does at this time or not doesn't have any influence on your genetic predispostion.
The essential problem, he prepared it for someone like himself and his father in law who see everything in terms of dollars for themselves. The Palestinians see it as a clear and conscious colonial exploitation, they have a real and long standing claim to the land which is not now, nor has it ever been for sale. Having suffered for 2000 years of imperial conquest, Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman, they see this from a totally different aspect. Their land, their pride, their existential connection with the land is not now, nor will it ever be for sale to what they see as a colonial fiat. Israel sees it from a needed freedom from western Christianities' perpetual sectarian hatred. The Palestinians and Israelis cannot escape their historical perspectives, they can't understand the other's perspective. For the foreseeable future there isn't even the prospect of solution. Kushner's crude attempt to "sell" his idea is obscene to the Arab, and only emphasizes in the Arab mind that this is a colonial land grab.
No one who voted for Trump can complain about his hiring practices for members of his administration - they also did the same thing by voting for Trump having seen the red flags.
Just more Republican Family Values.
Sounds like citizens of a Sh\_\_ho\_\_ country.
It will be fun in her new life to be reminded of her less than stellar performance in her job.
He displayed hints of a spine, and he's trying to save something of his reputation and future. Having child imprisonment as a point of a resume could be problematic. It helps to have that period ended with an abrupt resignation, it is a help, not a cure.
Based on what? His military experience? Oh, that's right, bone spurs.
Seeing people who aren't actually there is an hallucination. Hallucinations are a symptom of schizophrenia. This isn't the only symptom he's inadvertently reported, remember all the FBI agents who thanked him for dismissing Comey, etc. etc.
And the orange makeup is also very pronounced today, another coincidence when he's upset.
The problem is that William "Billy the Blimp" Barr is probably willing to institute such a suit to keep his lord and master happy.
I think that's a common misconception concerning the effect of a beard. But, I've learned that in summer with a bald head, my head feels the heat - and because of the potential for a sunburned dome I try to remember to wear a hat.
If you're too conceited or self-important, something will happen to make you look foolish. Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. When all is said and done, we could hopefully be rid of McCain's Judas.
Keep It Simple for Stupid, KISS. Giving a KISS to Trump, not respect. Sad.
In the debates it was interesting that the subject, "cleaning up after the Trump debacle" was not dealt with. Hoping and presuming Trump can be expelled from the body politic like a burst of intestinal gas (the noise will be his), the next president has a HUGE amount of work to do to try to reestablish the US as a civilized and meaningful international partner.
At least these enablers of Trump have attached their names to Trump's dangerous plans, like Franz von Papen, their names will live in infamy if Trump undertakes military action. They have with this public vote taken upon themselves the Mark of Cain for the deaths, the unnecessary deaths that Trump would cause by this insane military adventure.
Well to be honest, holding your head up high leaving a position at the Trump administration is a pretty low bar, to this point at least you haven't been outed as spending public money on personal luxuries in travel or office furniture or covering up sexual perversions, you haven't been outed for spousal abuse, etc., so yeah, considering the bunch you worked with your head may be "held high" but it's only in comparison with the scum balls you've associated with.
Well Jimmy Carter was never but never investigated for violations of the emoluments clause, violating campaign finance laws by covering up sexual dalliances with prostitutes, obstructing justice, he was never asked not to attend funerals of deceased American heroes, no one ever questioned his loyalty to the USA, etc. And he told the truth about Trump, truth and Trump are oxymorons.
Here's where he starts giving away the shop to try to undo the reality that he totally screwed up the US export markets.
Well, Trump had help in this, joining him on list should be Paul Ryan (self declared guru of economics since he read most of Atlas Shrugged or, maybe at the very least, most of the Cliff Notes), Mitch McConnell, and all their supporters, including Susan Collins, the weak fish's weak fish.
Trump's bumbling attempts at diplomacy result in political fellatio at best.
Self serving comments, I think the actual situation is that the GOP has gone so far right and in abandoning the center, it has raised reasonable plans and expectations by the progressive wing of the Democrats to take advantage of the burgeoning ABT (Anybody But Trump) wave to institute policies that would have been, except for GOP excesses, unthinkable. Looks like Cruz learned very little in his close brush with loss in 2018.
As long as they're clean, really clean it's your choice. But dirty hats, with dirt and grease, man that is the road to skin troubles on what looks to be a fine dome. Keep it clean, keep it clear.
Scalise wasn't speaking to the public, he was giving "support" to the only person he was interested in, Trump. Scalise puts loyalty to Trump above the country, the Constitution and his sworn oath of office. Not surprising coming from him.
Hopeful if for no other reason it seems to ignore the possibility of the S Ct enforcing the subpoena of Trump's tax and financial information opening yet another "Ark" of disaster.
Damn, just damn.
Trump has found someone to fill the role of his own Ernst Röhm. A street thug with the credentials sufficient to provide the "muscle" behind Trump's threat to a civilized society.
I know that there are enough krypto-fascists in the GOP to prevent an conviction on the impeachment, but I am not that certain that they are in "lock step" with McConnell. This sounds again, like so many other pronouncements by GOP talking heads, like talking points confected for and directed to Trump whose fragile ego is constantly in need of adoration. But, if the public opinion polls continue to soften, I am willing to bet these "lock step" senators are more interested in holding on to their offices with all the privileges and perks and will to some extent soften their "loyalty" as time passes. In the unlikely event that the polls demonstrate something like 60% of the public believing that Trump should be axed, watch these guys run for the hills, like roaches in the kitchen late at night when the light is turned on. They love their office, they don't love the country.
If they decide to do this they will at the very least be doing it with the tacit consent of the Iraqi government. It will be a done deal by the time the news is breaking in the US and in any event and it will be done very quickly, all that fire power would as likely as not place embassy personnel at a greater danger than the take over. The embassy, its staff and the military in place are just old fashioned sitting ducks just as they were in Benghazi and Tehran. Talk about never listening to history. Same situation, and it's totally not within the power of the US to stop it.
Bet your sweet ass a good barber is priceless. You've got a good one. Of course he has a pretty great beard to work with to start. LOL
Heydrich was an architect of the Final Solution, Wannsee Conference organizer. I don't know that was involved as a regular implementor of that plan.
\+1
Old fat lying draft-dodgers' war, young Americans' fight. Unbelievably bad decision.
Bush, Cheney and team at least had imaginary WMD.
Yeah right, leaving our people as sitting ducks with no place, not Turkey, not Iraq, nor any other place willing to be a stage for a base to support their survival. It's hard to imagine a worse decision.
That's more than he could say about himself.
Memo to Susan: Don't renew the lease on your Washington DC residence.
In less than a month from the time thousands of Iranians were in the streets protesting their government and causing that government lots of problems, to today when the government vs the US has massive support. Even with careful aim, the US couldn't have shot itself in the foot more directly. Next excuse, WMD will be alleged also without any proof.
The record of US foreign intervention without NATO support is 100%, 100% failure, 100% wasted lives, 100% failure to achieve any recognizable benefit for our country or western democracies. It is flawless, a record without any success. No matter the character, the crimes or misdeeds of this guy, there is no basis for the US to have done this with any hope of the advancements of our interests. A massive error, perhaps more of a a mistake than the Iraqi adventurism of Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld. And it is matched in Iran by the CIA's Mosaddegh fiasco. If you don't listen to history , yada yada yada
The GOP has never seen a war situation it didn't like, Viet Nam, Iraq, etc. None of those turned out the way they were supposed to - everyone dancing in the streets celebrating America, but to the contrary American blood and treasure squandered for nothing, and worse than nothing. How long before they drag out the old WMD justification???
Exactly, less than a month ago the Iranians were in the streets protesting the government, within a month the Iraqis were protesting the graft of their government. Today, those governments are sitting in comfort on the support supplied by the US with this attack. The Iranians are playing chess as one commentator said, while Trump/Pompeo/GOP play wackamole.
It makes a person wonder as the problems continue to leak out, at what point does Moscow Mitch see the downside of continued support for Trump to be insupportable in light of his desire to hold on as Senate Majority Leader? He's got to realize that there is no absolute bottom in sight, no evidence that everything is pretty much out there. He must have a redline someplace that represents his personal desire to hold power is threatened by support for Trump.
Things being what they are with those in the military services, it will be the children of the "Faithful" who will pay a disproportionately large price for this foolish tactic with their lives and limbs.
"Short-sighted!" BS, wrong adjective, substitute "a dumb-assed move"
And probably still can't spell his name.
Well it doesn't matter really, it's the number of alternatives that count and that is an easy number - ZERO. Iran, a large country, has a huge population with the ability to field a huge defensive army on its own land. The US, thanks in large part to Trump, has no meaningful allied support for his wild adventure and few if any countries in the neighborhood capable and willing to offer bases to the US. Supply lines long, allies few, not since Napoleon invaded Russia has such a half-wit idea ever come to mind. Remember Lebanon, 1983, a taste of what could come from this crazy assed act by the idiot in chief.
\+1
What, you mean they'd lie to America?
38-40% of each chamber, those numbers sound familiar to me. Like the "Base" sounding off, and of course not even close to a majority of America. Americans support RvW by a majority.
More of an idea than you appear to have.
I am only hoping that there is something that looks like a plan.
The Iranians have announced that there will be multiple attacks, in the Middle East. The funeral is Tuesday, expect the attacks shortly after that, and remember 1983 Beirut bombing. Shia throughout the Middle East will be ready to go, and particularly in Sunni dominated areas. Not one, but multiple coordinated attacks would be my estimate.
And they certainly wish that the US administration would be more forthcoming with them, who are closer to the danger zone than the US, with plans for such a radical and dangerous adventure. Pompeo, grow up, pull up your pants and and act like a Secretary of State, not a handmaiden of a demented idiot.
And now demonstrations against the move in the United States in numerous areas. Huge political miscalculation, but of course we are talking Trump and his henchmen.
And the Americans are in the streets demonstrating against this. Visions of the anti-vietnam demonstrations.
It will come back but at the price of lives of Americans and others lost to no purpose.
Lies covering lies and incompetence. Does he really think people will believe this? Fool.
Don't you mean "Faux News"?
Points up the answer to the question, "Is Pence as dumb as he looks and acts?" Answer, a resounding yes.
Since I made that post, Pompeo is now running from Sunday talk show to talk show trying to peddle more lies and obvious manufactured evidence, including reliance on our intelligence service, until recently disparaged and ignored in favor of Russian sources. I wonder how long until the reports come out that there was no such immediate threat determination by the intelligence services of the US. &amp; now, Iraqi parliament votes to expel our troops. Do we think any country with our bases is rolling out the red carpet, NO. Trump's stupid act has exposed his lack of support in this country to the world, including Tehran. And Lindsay Graham goes about saying how glad he was to be included in the "in crowd" in prior knowledge - seemingly trying to validate the illegal procedures used to do this hit job. My bet, for what it's worth, the hit - on a military target as announced by the Iranians - comes shortly after the funeral.
It's getting close to a situation where the Pentagon will have to examine the orders of the President for violations of international law and whether they will obey and execute orders in violation of that standard.
They can do it with a majority vote, 51, so it will fall to the 4 moderate Republicans to save the day - and those up for reelection should receive heavy pressure.
And it's totally divided, the Iranians know it and they will use that position to their benefit.
So now does Trump assassinate a Sunni military leader?
1983 Beirut all over again.
Pompeo must feel like the guy who shoves up the horse manure after a parade.
Interesting, the assassination united Iranians who less than a month ago were protesting by the thousands against their regime, and now it has further divided an already seriously divided America. This takes planning. And, they now know in Iran that Trump is even weaker than they thought.
Well, if the US doesn't prosecute after he leaves office, then the Hague can do what we will not do. The moral and political decline of the US may be inevitable.
It's gone, and gone for good. Embrace your bald genetics and get on with life.
Everyone can make a mistake.
Bald guys often have great beard genetics. You demonstrate that truth well, bald and bearded works.
His actions in excluding Pentagon as well as Congressional leadership need to be completely veted to determine if he violated the law.
He should reorder his priorities to those of the United States, a good place to start, particularly with his demonstrated talents, is to limit appointments to ambassadors who are #1 at a minimum fluent in the language(s) of the country to which assigned, and #2 a demonstrated expertise in the history, economy, ethnic and sectarian issues of that country. If those are satisfied, then whether there is a donor relationship with the President are of very limited importance.
Interesting this came just the day it was revealed that his now former boss, Esper, and Pompeo engaged in "war talks" before influencing Trump on the disastrous decision to assassinate the Iranian and Iraqi military leaders.
*And* is the basis for the Iraqi parliaments call for US troops to leave. They are also ignoring that Iraq has said no new troops, so now the 3000 troops are headed to another spot, maybe Kuwait. But, Kuwait isn't going to permit the US to launch attacks on other states from its territory, nor are others likely to be willing to permit it. The troops are now sitting ducks, stationed in an area with no "friends" and lots and lots of potential to attack the sitting ducks. Pompeo &amp; Esper have really kicked up a storm getting Trump to do this.
The gross error is that Trump isn't playing checkers, he's playing tic tac toe and he's losing.
The Nuremburg Race laws enacted by the Nazis come to mind. The existence of those provisions did not stop the prosecution of war crimes, to put it mildly.
In the 1980's I worked for a company owned by Kuwaitis. My immediate supervisor &amp; boss was a Sunni whose family had lived in Syria for 400 years. He pointed me to several books to understand was was developing at that time in the ME. Based on that I can recommend the writings of Fouad Ajami, a Shia to understand something of the complexities that the US entered like a drunken, blind, bull in a china closet. The Shia/Sunni conflict, the Sunni/Sunni issues, the Inner and Outer Islam issues, the Shia's long standing oppression that gave rise to so much of what is going on today. I suggest his book, The Vanished Imam, is a good place to start - and read from an American background it lets one see the similarities with the struggles for racial equality in this country - and why Qassem Soleimani is revered by Shia both Arab and non-Arab. Failure to understand that issue, in my opinion, is one of the critical failures of American foreign policy from the 1970's to this day.
You can't produce what you don't have. So he has to try to smoke and mirror his way out of his own acts which have driven a mentally unstable chief executive to totally "f" everything up and endanger the US and everyone else in a fashion not seen in the last 50 years.
The only group of people dumb enough and ignorant enough about reality to accept his BS.
Well pride is one of the great sins and a weakness of the ignorant. They all assume that they are the ones who will be taken up - to their "thinking" it just has to be them that are God's Elect. Except, and they never consider this, they aren't the ones doing the voting on choosing "the elect."
He has so much in common with Trump, and hopefully after Trump's out of office, indicted, convicted and jailed they will also have that in common.
Okay, another GOP member exhibiting psychotic behavior, ie. disconnection from reality.
Maybe the GOP could try to sell this as "defense" costs of fighting against their own "Great Satan" socialized medicine. I fear they have already made their initial judgment that it's more likely than not the people who die would vote Democratic, and hence they are "curing" the social ills of the country.
And letting the "cat out of the bag" that there will be one is *brillian*t - just that fact will get him lots of coverage by the talking heads on all networks and very likely force Trump to spend money not knowing what he will say, unless Putin &amp; Company somehow hack into the information. And you know Putin will try, it's only a question whether he will succeed or just leave enough fingerprints to cause yet another news cycle.
Dumb guy donating to a dumber guy.
Oscar Hammerstein's lyric comes to mind, “…if you become a teacher, by *your pupils you'll be taught*.”
They need to remind him that if these citizens have to leave PR, they could and probably will come to the continental US where they will be able to register and vote.
Trump either is lying (probable) or ignorant (well that too is assumed) failing to understand the implication of a past event in the word "retaliation." That is unless under Trump some numbskull is proposing a concept of "preventive retaliation."
Moscow Mitch is taking a real risk - particularly since Trump's track record indicates that there is more crap coming down the stream.
Strong look, nice pairing with the smooth scalp.
It was as I expected a self-serving political advertisement. A big blow hard on how great his "accomplishments" have been. He doesn't have the creds to expect this speech to improve his position. Fact checking will blow holes in this as always.
The only surprise, that the number is so low.
His belief this move would be politically popular ranks up there with his claims he could make a profit with casinos, airlines, universities, etc. The guy is a bankrupt loser.
Baseless GOP bullshit.
Clicking heels loudly
Nice growing.
It's loose dentures or an internal struggle to stick to the message. I have the distinct impression he was seething internally when he really wanted to continue his street thug rampage on the world order.
The title of this article is so typical of the past three years, it's just fill in the bland, "None of Trump's \_\_\_\_\_\_ policy makes sense. All of it is dangerous." Just plug in his rage du jour,, and the headline is written.
Either is totally ignorant of or actively suppresses the bedrock reason for the Shia based groups in the ME. At the base is the economic and social oppression of the Shia minority in Islam by the predominant Sunni since nearly the earliest years of Islam. Finally in Lebanon in the 1970's the Shia got up on their hind legs and fought back. The removal of the Iranian Shah unloosed the Iranian Shia's desire to be recognized as the protector of Shia. It is more in the nature of a civil rights struggle. The west intervened to protect its interest - the oil production in the area, and went about it like a blind, drunken, bull in a sectarian china shop. Yes it's violent and probably will remain so. Until the Shia believe they have an equal ranking with the Sunni majority it will continue.
If Trump pissed off Mike Lee, he's batting 100% on the losing side, he's united Iran, gotten Iraq to kick the US out, pissed off the allies and now pissed of Lee - it's just unbelievable how incompetent the Trump administration is. And then telling them not to question any further! Yikes.
Lies yes, but they reflect yet again that we've gone from a president, George Washington, who "could not tell a lie" to Trump who cannot tell the truth. He doesn't have any credibility, except for those who will not, cannot, or are to lazy to know the truth that lies before their noses.
What no one seems able to recognize that we're in the middle of what could be described as a civil rights struggle by the Shia Muslims against social and economic discrimination by the Sunni majority.
Staying home is an effective vote for ABT (Anyone But Trump).
As my late Father, a WWII veteran, said, "It's an old man's war and a young man's fight." That is an absolute and immutable law, and is only emphasized by the advocacy of war by a draft dodger.
The GOP's idea of consistency, is being constant to GOP reactionary ideas, not political practice.
Another claim from the drunk at the end of the bar.
Damn, get out and buy a lottery ticket. You lucked out and found a great barber, if that luck holds you could win the big one!
\+1
Pathetic!!!
Trump is always sizzle without steak. But as long as the base eats it, he's going to keep saying it.
So why should they be consistent? Their base is dumb enough to swallow it, and until they indicate they won't accept it, these snake oil salesmen will continue this BS line.
I don't think I'd lose money if I bet that Trump &amp; his family have done this repeatedly. To bad no one gave that choice to Trump's mother.
How about no pay for bone spurs complaints?
It's not whether we're willing. If they don't want use there, if they withdraw their invitation, our troops become vulnerable sitting ducks. Not only do we not have any means to demand or enforce protection of our troops, we would have no way to resupply.
Removing any question that he was only physically handicapped.
His rationale is as thin as his hair and as real as his skin tone.
I would seriously question whether "executive privilege" extends to any testimony regarding the commission or attempts of commit high crimes and misdemeanors.
The "Itch" is the tax you pay for growing a great beard. You only pay once. And, when you shower, rub a little hair conditioner in to help minimize your taxes.
Did they wear their brownshirts while complying with their Führer's orders?
Thank you, polysyllabic phrasing only services to obscure the actual fact revealed by the monosyllabic word.
To get to that point he's have to show that high crimes and misdemeanors can be justified by reference to a nebulous concept of "National Security." It would be a first.
The planning of responding to the domestic response to the assassination seems to be as thorough as the planning of the assassination itself, which is to say, "ZERO!"
Say what, the GOP warmongers couldn't cobble a majority of the Senate when they have a majority of the seats? The interesting thing is not that no Democrats signed up, but that a significant number of Republicans didn't join in.
Yeah right, a bankrupt dealmaker, not a draft dodging warmonger.
Moscow Mitch has a rough year ahead. Unpopular at historic levels in his own state from both sides, Trump supporters who think he hasn't supported Trump enough, and opponents who believe he has toadied his entire office to Trump. He's attracted an opponent with a good chance with the electorate as a whole. Yes, this year is going to be the year of trial for this guy, and he deserves it, and hopefully is looking at his last year as a pig at the trough.
Hmmm, this guy might be good. Anyone the state AG &amp; the Senators (all Trump enablers and loyalists) oppose can't be all bad. Although quiet, this is another slap at the far right in a bright red state.
Well when Moscow Mitch is running less than 25% approval in his own state, his luster isn't exactly shining, and that number could suggest that some will just sit this one out - each vote that stays home helps the opponent &amp; in this case our country.
Never mind, the phrase that Gilda Radner, has never had such a cynical meaning.
What's happening in Maryland? Didn't they have enough of this kind of Republican with Spiro Agnew? His flagrant criminal exploits while in office, state and federal, led to the now famous DOJ memo that prevents the indictment of a sitting president.
Why do they limit it to only one - they should be hammering Moscow Mitch whose sycophant behavior with Trump is the political equivalent of fellatio! And there are many more of these people who love their big leather chairs and the perks of office more than the country.
If nominated and if elected Bernie and Warren have the same problem, they will not have the support of the House or Senate even if the Democrats control both houses. Their programs, although worthy of consideration, will not fit into America without massive changes - changes that are not acceptable to the majority of Americans.
Here's hoping the GOP does nominate him. Then the electorate of Kansas has a clear choice, and America can see if Kansas is still conceptually a part of America or has become an island of fascists.
Talk about an examination and opinion form by looking at the world through the wrong end of the telescope.
Don't you wish you could honestly say you were surprised?
Ah, more sizzle without the steak.
I don't see how a structural change would have any effect on political turpitude.
But it doesn't deal with the political turpitude. It's not the length of service, one political term of a person who is afflicted with political turpitude is one term too many.
Memo to Mario: Wake up you've been played. She's gotten a group of your compatriots to come forward in favor of witnesses. And then the Lev docs - are you sure there isn't anything else out there - and could you be embarrassed by even more evidence of Trump's flagrant assault on our country?
And just why should she have expected better when she and the nation had heard Trump's "grab them . . ." line? She hungered for power, she abused innocent men, women and children when given power. And now she's claiming somehow she was abused emotionally. Give me a break.
These ideas sound like they're coming from the Kremlin!
And it's the young people from this group that will bleed to death on the battle grounds created by Trump and his henchmen.
Whoa, great natural shape. Where does this lead to?
Great photo, and the beard's great too.
Beards are patience, give it three months, then you're going to see what is there. Right now it looks very, very promising for a great beard. Grow on.
Sounds like the "boss" has a serious case of beard envy. Turn the tables, challenge him to grow his manhood.
Bald &amp; Beard are a natural and complimentary combo.
If you're smart enough to take a PhD exam, you should be smart enough not to shave.
Your choice is pretty simple, balding or bald.
Exactly, if the company is more concerned about what's on your face, rather than what's between your ears, do you really think that is a job with a future?
You will come to a decision, hopefully, that recognizes that mpb is not a disease or disability - it's just something that happens, and that shaving the remnants is the best solution and paired up with a beard, is a really good solution.
Shaver's Remorse hurts.
Nice Bald &amp; Bearded look, and a really nice shine on the dome.
It appears that you have the genetics for male pattern baldness so whether they like it or not, you are balding - it's progressive and it isn't reversible, but it isn't a disease or disability. You're absolutely right to be indifferent. But, you also appear to have great bearding genetics as many guys in your situation do. Play to your strengths.
The regret for waiting so long is a common reaction. But, you've got a great beard, so play to your strengths.
Great beard, beautiful grooming job. Hope it goes well with the job but in reality they should be concerned with what's between your ears, not with what's on your chin, no matter how great it is.
Good thinking, grow on.
Well on your way to a long beard. Now is the time to remember, beards are patience. Beards grow 1/4" to 1/2" per month, depending on your genetics. Brushing will help it maintain a little more orderly appearance, besides in lockdown, who sees it anyway?
In addition to the soaking tablets, you might also want to buy the smallest bottle of anti-bacterial dish detergent, and put some on your denture brush when you clean them after taking them out of your mouth before putting them in the soaking cup. It's just extra insurance for cleanliness and will also handle any small food particles or oils that may be lingering on the denture.
The sound and safe choice.
Not unless you're interviewing at Schick or Gillette.
Shaver's Remorse hurts, particularly for guys, like us, who also have male pattern baldness. For me, without some facial hair, well there can just be too much skin. And Bald &amp; Bearded works so well.
Go to the dentist. You've got the tooth, he's got the specialized adhesives. He should be able to do it quickly.
Good thinking, even if it took two tries!! ;-D
Wives always seem to hold back approval. Mothers - well they just can't get over their little boy growing up! And the colleagues, well with a nice dense growth like yours, you're going to have to deal with beard envy. It's a keeper, and when barbers are again available you need to find a barber, one with a beard, who can clean it up. Nice growth.
Nice shape &amp; style, the bald &amp; bearded works for you. Great growing.
\+1, beards are patience.
\+1.
Yup, beards are patience. You've gotten the reward. Nice growing.
Much younger looking, balding sucks, but bald works
It will get better, much better. At around four days I tried to bite a piece of really soft cheese, and failed. I was bummed, I wouldn't be able to eat anything. After a month, better, two months even more so. Within a few months I was eating everything again. Right now you just need to let your mouth heal. Didn't the dentist tell you to rinse your mouth with a diluted salt water rinse - 1/4 teaspoon of salt to a cup of water - four times a day. It gets better, just requires time and patience.
