Oh Christ.
say what now
Depends on political affiliation. In this case, yes, obviously. The thread on /r/news was full of this shit.
I just like simple schemes without squiggles and swirls and lines all over. It's not nostalgia.
There's a lot of insanity here when it comes to dogs. Somewhere they went from being pets to being replacement children.
Not gender specific but certainly much more on way than the other.
Exactly. The results from that test can be soul crushing. Don't ask me how I know.
Again, it's like you failed to read the rest of the post. I get that it's one side of the story, but did you miss the entire paragraph about them discussing this numerous times? &gt;We talked about it numerous times. After we got engaged, I got the "I guess I'm just not a very sexual person" line. I wrote her a letter, told her what turned me on and what I was into, and I asked her to do the same. Her response back was a lot of negatives, telling me all her turn-offs and all the things that made her uncomfortable. When I asked her about it later, she just said "I don't know. I don't really get horny. Nothing really puts me in that kind of mood." End of story.
Yes, it's *possible* his gaming is a problem, but you still took that one friggin line from his entire post where he's laying out their history and used it to accuse him of being the problem. A little weird, that's all.
Shitting on America is basically karma farming 101.
Right, I'm sure a lot "half-assed ideas" are making big time money. Hell, even the one you presented early isn't necessarily half-assed. The guy took an expensive product, figured out to make it cheaper, and made bank. That doesn't really sound half assed, that sounds like how business works.
&gt;Americans traditionally don’t want to fill them And why would that be? Because Americans do all kinds of other shitty jobs.
Fuck off.
I'm just wondering where all these baby-boomers with cushy jobs and big fat pensions are. Everyone here seems to know all kinds of them. My parents are that age and no one I know in their cohort had any of that.
If you parents made that much money AND have pensions and are having to cut back to bare essentials, then they were colossally stupid with their money for the past 30+ years.
Smokers are the trashiest people. I have a buddy who smokes. Good guy. Still will just fling his fucking cigarette butts all over my lawn when he's over. I just don't get it.
Possible.
I love Kasey. However, there is a slight difference between Kasey and Davey/Alan. I don't want the HOF to turn into the Hall of Very Good.
Except not really.
Davey is obvious. Won 19 races in 9 seasons and died at height of his career. Alan, I suppose, is slightly different in that he wasn't as successful winning races, but he died at the height of his career. Also coming off a season where he was champion as the last owner-driver to do so. Kahne won more than two races in a season once and finished in the top ten in points twice in a career almost twice as long as Alan or Davey. Above average? Sure. Hall of Fame, no way. And I love Kasey, make no mistake.
Good god who designs these disasters, some autistic kid on LSD?
Enough with the fucking bots.
&gt; I thought the #metoo movement had progressed to 'people in power', not 'just men in power' lol
&gt; put a content or trigger warning before playing it. Because people are too fucking stupid to understand the song? Good lord.
I'm speechless. Hopefully a third party will read this and tell me this exchange is crazy.
That's what I was thinking. If he had even a drop to drink he is unable to consent. Or so I've been told. OP raped him if that's the case.
I smell mom's smokey ratty-ass sweatshirt.
So politics then? Time to just throw out democracy and let people like /r/twodogsfighting decide things for everyone unilaterally.
Yes that's how all elections should work. Keep voting until your side wins.
And what happens when someone wins an election?
Free shitting-on-Trump karma, duh.
So saying "calling Trump on his shit" isn't needlessly crapping on Trump just to bring him up for free internet points? I'd beg to differ.
My filtered sub list has to have like a hundred stupidly specific cat and dog subs on it. This whole place has lost it's damn mind. /r/Floof /r/Catloaf /r/headpats /r/feetsies /r/blep /r/mlem /r/cattaps /r/tightpussy /r/catsstandingup /r/stuffoncats etc etc etc
You really don't understand how it would be viewed as undemocratic? Really? When a vote is done, the result is usually implemented first. Then if it's unpopular, it get voted on again in the future. It's not like "oh we don't like that result let's ignore that and keep voting until we like the outcome."
Exactly. The whole argument is beyond stupid and the mental gymnastics involved to make it the "democratic" option are pretty astounding.
Good lord, dude. Chill the hell out.
Deeply red Indiana. Which was won by Obama in 2008.
None of them. But shitting on the US is easy karma.
As for me I just hate owners who let the things bark their fucking heads off all day long. Which as years go by seems to be more and more and more of them.
They just ran one a mile south of my town and no one gave a shit. Beats the hell out of trains derailing and dumping oil everywhere.
&gt; Earlier this year, a train derailed in Iowa and dropped 230,000 gallons into a river. Fucking pissed me off too. We had to cancel like three weeks of league softball games because of it.
I think the natives do plenty to disregard their own culture.
There's only like a gazillion miles of pipeline running through non-native land. Don't pretend that this is just some attempt to fuck the natives specifically.
Versus the two train derailments they had just an hour south of me this summer? I'll risk it with the pipeline, thanks.
&gt;Seriously. Are these people deaf? I wonder the same thing. I've had dogs. Getting the barking under control was basically my first priority. I have no clue how people can't hear these things going nuts in their yards. Or how they think it's totally cool with the rest of us to have to listen to it. And somehow *I'm* the asshole if I ask them to control it. It's insanity and it's only getting worse.
"Fair share" has to be the most bullshit term in politics. Totally fucking meaningless because it's almost never actually defined.
It's his business and he figured it was a good business move?
Seriously, I'd bet most of the people in here bitching and moaning have amazon packages showing up at their doorsteps every other day.
Good lord it was a joke. Chill out.
Well my car doesn't run on unicorn shit.
Strong logic.
You cried? About what?
They all got shit degrees and went into retarded amounts of debt to get those shit degrees. Now they blame everyone but themselves for it.
Are you willing to live like people did in the 50s? No cell phone. No cable. No internet. None of those bills to pay?
Fair enough. Being conservative on reddit gets you called all kinds of names, so I assumed you were doing the same. I apologize. Political beliefs...all over the place to be honest. At this point in my life my business stuff is what's most important to me so that's what most heavily influences my voting. Just to quickly summarize since you asked.... - Pro-choice - I'm not particularly concerned that Roe v Wade is actually going to be overturned, so while I'm pro-choice it doesn't really affect my voting. - climate change is real - I believe the science. I was a bio major. To be completely honest, I just don't care that much. Dumb stance to take? Maybe. I'll admit that. - pro single-payer - Yeah. I think it's the only way to go. I think we'll probably eventually get there. However I think it's still miles and miles and miles away so it's not really at the top of my priority list either. - generally anti-interventionist foreign policy (smaller military) - I think both parties suck at this so whoever I vote for it's the same song and dance.
&gt; just ran in Fuck these people. Every big box store you go to there's an asshole or two sitting there in the fire lane because they're "just running in".
Right, everyone should rearrange their lives because you're fucking dogs need to run wild.
Sorry, I think human needs take precedent over your dogs.
Basically yes. But you know exactly who's going to be considered the asshole for bringing it up. Not the people who let the damn things bark constantly, that's for sure
Someone should break the news to /r/politics.
&gt; I can work at home/remote and get as much done in 2 hours that I would have done in 8 hours in the office You end up wasting six extra hours just because you're in the office? I'm slightly skeptical.
Oh great, we're doing the stupid red hat thing again?
Because most of this site is too young to remember the Bush years.
Hot threesome after brother catches stepsister fucking their dad. Things like that.
Fat Albert Einstein.
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be seeing here.
This is reddit, what do you think?
Correct answer.
People in /r/sex are very open minded as long as you agree with them.
Had a coworker who pulled this shit every monday. "How was your weekend?" was just something she'd ask me as an excuse to launch into a detailed description of each and every thing she did that weekend.
Yeah, no kidding. How'd the cart get through the whole store and back to the car in the first place?
No joke, these throwbacks are some of the best in the league. Just stick with them and dump those shitty new monstrosities.
You're not. It's looks awful.
&gt; seek out a totally-justified payday To be fair he just got one, he didn't need to seek it out.
I think the worst ones are when they'll put some disabled kid on the basketball court or [football field](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9WMTf9Jmsc) and let them score. That shit has always felt so patronizing and creeps me out.
&gt;People only sue because they can’t afford to be disabled Lol. Right, no one in this country sues for any other stupid reasons.
Where are these doctors getting 150k bonuses?
&gt; Undocumented immigrants pay taxes and commit less crime than natural born citizens. Even if that's true, you don't get to come in to a country illegally. How fucking hard is this to understand. I'm not going to let some rando live in my house just because they cook and clean and keep to themselves.
You should tell the rest of this place.
&gt;Nutritional education is extremely lacking as well, Do you think being too skinny has ever been a giant mystery to people?
Yeah well I vaccinated my house and now it has autism so explain that.
I think treating the poor like they're adults with agency is perfectly reasonable.
Yeah, no shit. What a weird Sandler critique.
Sums up almost every reddit thread about work.
Also ITT: I want stuff but don't like to work.
Good lord.
You do know the difference between "doesn't" and "doesn't like to", right?
Let's be honest, both sides would have opinions 180 degrees different than what they have right now.
I always thought our involvement over there is what created the anti-west sentiment? Which way is it?
Exactly. All of these opinions would be completely the opposite on both sides had this happened under Obama. And let's not pretend it's the "how" actually matters to any of you.
Don't you think we've had an exit strategy the past 17 years in Afghanistan? Yet there we sit. The ME is a fucking nightmare whether we're there or not.
Oh my, you've got a lot to learn.
You pretty much summed it up. It's basically our job to defend the whole goddamn world for some reason.
The ME will always be a shit show no matter what.
"Baseless." Right.
So beautiful unlike orange man drumpf
I'd be more than happy to let you all fend for yourselves.
Caught this a couple days ago. The entitlement of the dog owner is really something to see. Worth a watch.
Depends on the soil below. I spent a couple days digging a big hole in my yard and the first big rain the whole hole filled with water and took an eternity to drain. Ended up filling it back in.
I don't understand why people have dogs in their homes.
It helps tremendously when the races are short and actually exciting.
Am 11th year eye doctor and I constantly see people coming in with their "pink eye" anti-biotic drops from urgent care or coming to me expecting to get them. Always a fun conversation. Everyone just wants some damn magic drops whether they actually do anything or not.
[This was basically me](https://media.giphy.com/media/oaPcDncoLfgjK/giphy.gif) about five seconds after walking into the inlaws with shithead screaming kids everywhere. Wanted to just turn right back around and drive home.
BOYS WILL BE BOYS
It *is* possible to raise children to not be shitheads. Unfortunately many parents choose not to.
These are the inlaws kids, so i have no say. Their version of discipline is to quietly say "hey boys quiet down" when they're screaming at a 10/10. Which of course has no actual effect.
Exactly. It's no wonder this problem exists. To make matters worse, I get kids with it who can't go back to daycare unless they're on drops. You know, because the daycare lady totally knows medicine.
More or less the same here. Missed out on the last big buy opportunity and now finally have the cash to throw some in.
Then don't say zero. I'm a single payer supporter and wish people would stop saying it's "free" or has no cost because it obviously still does.
But that's still not free. It's just prepaid. Again, we're on the same side, I just think once people start throwing around "free" people on the other side can easily latch on to it to call single payer folks idiots.
The dude hit 25 dongs with an OPS of 1.039 in 2010. You make it sound like he was garbage.
[Better times](http://brewcitynetwork.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/thome.jpg). Also, Mauer's face. Lol.
Shit happens.
The fact that you apparently don't have eyes explains a lot.
Yes, I "got mine" because I was willing to not live in the big city. That's the fucking point. And I'm commenting because this thread was on the front page and people whine about the same exact shit here.
There are good jobs outside of major metro areas. Everyone loves to pretend there aren't just to justify their "need" to live in the big city.
Yeah, not sure why we're all circlejerking about this.
Projecting some text and picture onto a house is art? What about dudes who play Mario Kart that way?
If we're operating in a world where every fucking thing is art, then I guess so. The fresh coat of paint I put on my house this summer is art too then.
Find one of the 10,000 dog subs for your Facebook pics.
Interestingly I've never seen lab or golden retriever owners trot out that logic.
Yes I'm sure you'll never be able to take a close up picture of your cat's face ever again.
And how the fuck is this sitting at the top of the front page already? 13k in an hour? For a shitty repost? I don't understand how this site works anymore.
My local Lowes and Home Depot look like a goddamn Petsmart every weekend.
Dog culture has gone off the rails.
Because most dog owners are assholes.
&gt; Do you think it would be justified for most employers in an area to have a 'No Drinking' policy, where you can be fired if you have a beer at home after work? That'd be their decision. Probably not a good one, considering they'd be severely depleting their pool of potential employees, but if that's what they want to do so what?
ok comrade
*unsubscribe*
[This](https://youtu.be/jVg6LfEVPX0?t=191)
Yeah, this shit is getting super weird.
It's easy karma because this site is one huge echo chamber.
It's a lie from another dog owner who think their precious "doggo" does no wrong. I guarantee this dog barks for more than just a "few minutes."
Seriously, when I had the dog the first damn thing I did was train it to not bark. Within a couple months you couldn't make him bark. Meanwhile every neighbor I've ever had with a dog lets the damn things out barking for minutes or hours on end. I'm less and less convinced there are actually that many responsible dog owners out there.
Squirt bottle of water. He'd bark, I'd squirt him in the face. He didn't like it. Eventually he figured it out.
I must be really unlucky because almost all of them I've lived near are allowed to bark way too much.
They farm this guy for karma as much as they do with Robin Williams.
And people wonder why they find rat poison wrapped in hamburger in their yards. Not advocating for that, but so many dog owners are entitled pricks.
But included stink bombs.
The post is literally equating a stink bomb "attack" with 9/11. Totally legit argument.
You don't think that's being a *little* disingenuous?
You probably still deserved that one.
Yep, I grew up with dogs but as an adult have lived by too many shit head owners that now I hate both dogs and everyone who owns one. I keep hearing that the "irresponsible" owners are the problem, but I'm beginning to wonder if responsible owners actually exist.
I've been in a *very* similar situation. Me and my best buddy since kindergarten had a female friend who we'd often go out with as a trio of friends. It was very clear my buddy was super into her but never really made a move over the course of several years. One night, the female friend made the move on me. We've been married 16 years now. Initially it was pretty weird between me and my buddy. It rattled him pretty bad, but he eventually got over it. I think he finally realized she wasn't *his* and I didn't really take anything. And to this day we're still best friends. However, ymmv.
Yep.
Ninja chopping onions in here harharharhar
Lying is always a great strategy.
I don't know, I'm always pretty clear minded after I shoot.
And why are these shitty facebook posts always gilded?
It's because it's a lame picture that doesn't belong here.
Yeah, I just recently emailed my whole subdivision about excessive barking knowing for a fact that several other neighbors hated it too. Crickets all around. Was really hoping for *someone* to back me up. It's like no one wants to be the bad guy, although it's strange wanting some peace and quiet makes you the bad guy and not the idiots letting their dogs bark constantly.
&gt;People who let their dogs park for any period longer than 15 minutes is an idiot, IMHO. 15 minutes is waaaaay too long, honestly.
I wish more dog owners would get this. If your dog is barking, it's annoying someone. Guaranteed.
It's an amazing scenario that has developed with this insane dog culture. The people who just want peace and quiet are somehow viewed as the assholes, not the people letting their shithead dogs bark all day long.
Welcome to current state of dog ownership in 2019. The mutts can do no wrong.
Stop being trashy litter bugs then.
Saying you are free to leave is also white supremacy probably.
&gt; It would be like going to an American conservative rally and finding the guy who thinks Sandy Hook was a hoax, FWIW there's an Alex Jones story like five links down from this one literally right now.
I don't see anyone saying that.
Without your novel of a title, do you really think this picture is unique enough to be on /r/pics?
How do these lazy ass red hat posts still get up voted?
Eat less.
Every time I see one of these posts I'm happy I have the time to do this stuff myself. Holy shit. I can't imagine having the balls to charge 17k for this. AND post it on instagram.
&gt;Give him a chance to fix this. I wouldn't want this guy coming within a thousand feet of that deck again. The guy appears to be literally blind.
Same here. The horror stories here make me never want to hire anyone to do anything.
Why the hell can't people exist without dragging their dogs everywhere anymore? Jesus, now I go into Home Depot on a weekend and it's like a fucking Petsmart in there.
When the pictures are lame and need a fucking novel to be relevant.
&gt;As a teenager I was your typical anti gay edgelord I think you still might be all these things.
I can't stand him either, but I'll do a complete 180 if he's on my side.
Seriously WTF is with that description?
&gt;I ended up literally dying three times Does anyone in this thread know what dying actually is?
I would like to see some evidence of this.
The government's definition of dead.
Except the race will never happen.
And yet somehow around here all of those same trucks have construction, drywall, landscape, etc company logos all over them. They never really seem to be used for any of that stuff.
I can throw more shit in the back of my minivan than I could in my halfton truck bed. It's crazy. Between that and a small trailer I can haul about anything I'll ever need to.
Minivans are the best. I don't care if I look like a dork. I can fit more stuff in the back than I could in my truck and it gets twice the gas mileage.
Thanks for the answer!
And what did they have? My folks and all of my friend's parents are boomers. I wouldn't want anything they had. Not everyone worked for insane wages drilling holes at GM and retired with a pension at 50.
&gt; Being able to support a family with one source of income and own a home. Yeah, my family did that. It was great. My dad worked 80hr weeks and we literally lived in a trailer home. Fucking boomers!
You'd think after watching like 800 home runs this year he'd know when one is going out. Never forget him jizzing his pants for a second when Sano hit a towering shot...to the shortstop.
Just don’t let the damn thing bark constantly like all my neighbors.
Ah yes, the well known super healthy desk job.
Every story here is just an exercise in terrible creative writing. Just cringey shit the whole way through.
It'll be just fine long enough for those kids to stop using it. Which in my experience will be about a year.
Playsets are super easy to build. Basic cuts, put some screws in, nothing is too precise. It's the perfect thing to build if you're not into tedious shit.
Yeah for my kid it was a summer, maybe. So closer to a week than a year.
Play second bat second!
Yeah but those delicious votes...
The old throw more money at them approach. I'm sure it'll work *this* time.
What is racist about having strict immigration laws?
Or, you know, take measures to keep them out in the first place. But that's *racist*.
Someday we'll all want breadlines like Bernie.
My 30+ year old garage fridge that I got for $25 is the most reliable one I've ever owned.
Pretty much exactly what I expected out of this thread.
That's the thing. Just eliminating, or restricting, drinks with calories would melt weight off most people. It's like the easiest thing to do. But no, I need my 2L coke every day. Ok, have fun being a fatass.
Why the fuck do you bother to ask for evidence when you're just going to blow it all off as a joke anyway? Talk about arguing in bad faith.
This remains the dumbest fucking argument on this site.
Do these mask wearing dumbasses know how stupid they look? Biggest fucking group of cowards I've seen.
Yes, they're all terrible. Why can't people just denounce this shit and not just "hurrdurr but the other guys" constantly?
When the neighbors let them bark 24 hours a day I find myself hating both.
&gt;Don't even get me started on the lack of discipline in dogs now a days Yeah, it's a lot easier just to let them bark and hope no one complains than to actually train them. I just don't get how these people aren't driving themselves nuts.
It's probably the constant lazy "fuck cancer" posts.
Or just don't buy a house in a neighborhood where you don't like the rules.
&gt; antithetical to American Values to be forced to No one is forced to buy a home with an HOA.
holy shit i need a dramamine
Except in 1980 you'd be paying like 15% interest rate on that square foot.
And how does that change the interest on the mortgage? If you'd stick your money in a 401k you'd be making a killing the last 10 years. And interest rates on houses now are super low.
Good. If only the other 99% of dog owners were the same way. Why train them when you can just say "dogs bark" instead?!
Same here. My last dog learned that lesson very early and never barked. I didn't want to be that asshole neighbor. Unfortunately every other dog owning neighbor I've had has had no such courtesy.
Same applies to dogs since they're far more guilty of unwanted noise than fireworks.
The people of /r/politics do not work, I assure you.
Yes, usually. They make shitty decisions over and over and over again. That's on them.
Having five kids with four different dads is society's fault, man.
&gt;No one gets where they are all on their own through hard work and grit only. It's an enormous factor though. People need to get out of the mindset their entire life is just the result of circumstances out of their hands. Work hard, delay gratification, make good decisions. Don't expect life to just hand you everything.
&gt;People aren’t in the fictional mindset you’re talking about. Bullshit they're not.
Probably a hard worker with a little money to spend.
And what if I told you making excuses was easier than hard work?
Oh please. Spend one day on this site and it's just people lamenting their shitty situations that are all someone else's fault. "I have crushing student loan debt and a shit degree why did someone hold a gun to my head and force me into this." "I want to live in an insanely HCOL area but society has made housing too expensive and I refuse to live anywhere else." This shit is all over reddit all the fucking time.
Lol I literally grew up in a trailer park.
You accused me of being extremely privileged, dumbass.
What exactly do you consider "rich"?
Oh christ off we go with the oppression olympics.
uj/ yup, those pricks did it to me and then refused to answer why when asked repeatedly what exactly i did. You're only allowed to shitpost diecasts and jerk off blaney, I guess.
It's absolutely what they do and good luck getting a response from them. Just shadowbanned with no warning or explanation.
Basically it was a "you're too critical why do you even want to be here" and then nothing ever again.
A lazy ass political message? Check.
I think the obvious issue is that when people start calling everyone a Nazi you run into problems. Edit: I thought this was pretty self evident. Apparently this is controversial for some reason. Everyone downvoting me is a Nazi and your lives don't matter. See how it works? Jesus christ you people are stupid.
You can't possibly be this dumb.
Lol what
This is the lasiest post in all these threads. ***sorts by controversial*** amirite?
oh lord
Well sounds like they want us gone and we should grant them their wish.
Yeah, I've eaten pretty much the same breakfast/lunch/dinner for close to 20 years now. Obviously there's the occasional going out to eat or running out of my regular food, but honestly I love it. Makes life easy. Makes it easy to track calories too.
Breakfast: cereal/protein shake Lunch/Dinner: 3.5oz of crockpot pork/chicken with 1oz cheese, 2 slices of whole wheat bread veggies occasionally mixed in, not a veggie guy
Yeah, definitely not for everyone but I like keeping it easy
THIS IS QUALITY CONTENT WE WANT AT /R/NASCAR WON'T GET BANNED FOR THIS. SIGN HER UP FOR THE CHAZ BRICOW ASS EATING CONTEST BUT I GET TO GO FIRST
After 30 years of nothing happening.....THIS will be the year they make that big trade.
fuck cancer, upvotes to the left
I didn't watch it for ages because all I ever saw was Chris Elliott's face on the thumbnail. Had it been Eugene Levy or Catherine O'Hara I probably would have watched it instantly.
Honestly this could be about the best case scenario. Iran gets to "retaliate". Trump can do some blustering, but since no one apparently died he could just leave it there (hopefully). This would be way worse if they took out a few dozen soldiers or something.
Yes that would be why he said "you rang"
You know why.
You're my fact checking cuz
I never realized how many filthy people were out there until I joined reddit.
I know. It's why I stopped going there. I still think people should leave their damn dogs at home.
I know. I said that's why I stopped going there. Easy peasy. They can have all the dogs they want. When I had to walk past some idiot and their pitbull sitting right at the front door, I decided that was it for me.
Implying dog owners ever train their dogs.
Thanks. That why I choose to go to places where I don't have to hope that *this* pitbull owner is one of the "good" ones.
&gt; He was often skewered citation needed
They haven't reached that part in high school history yet.
That's why [I don't support the democrats.](https://apnews.com/a98f26f7c9424b44b7fa927ea1acd4d4)
Meh, I wouldn't say triggered. If there's a store I can go instead that doesn't have a pitbull parked at the front door I'll just go there.
Uh, I never said that was their only belief. Wtf
Yes, that would be why he said "you called?"
Strong logic skills.
A hell of a lot more than 0.5%
DON'T WURRY IT'S JUST OFFSEESUN SHIT POSTING THE MODS WILL TOTILLY STOP IT WHEN THE SEESUN STARTS
Who could've seen the mauling coming?! He was always so gentle.
Dog literally eats a giant hole in the door. "SO CUTE NOT DANGEROUS AT ALL"
Yes, I'm retarded, not the guy who's pitbull just snapped (excuse me, "had a slip up") and ate a door.
Exactly. "I can't believe it. He wouldn't hurt a fly."
It's like how I shoot anyone who makes me nervous and then place 80% of the blame on the dead guy.
Sounds like impeachment started this whole chain of events so actually it's dems fault. Yay this fun
&gt;Go back far enough, and we could blame some amoeba for splitting the wrong way on the wrong revolution around the Sun Yeah, that's pretty much my point.
Gotta put Roy Donk on there too. King of the Tuk Tuk sound.
You missed a spot.
Not as much karma whoring to be had there.
Who ever said it was a good form?
My folks spent hundreds less per month than me by living without cable, cellphones, netflix, etc, etc. That shit adds up.
Plenty of good jobs in mid sized cities in the midwest. Make good money, live like a goddamn king.
Yeah it's way better living on the coast and being poor all the time because of it.
Agreed. Top 5 in the league without changing anything significant ever.
What makes the shitty part of town shitty?
Well read the rules before you buy. Not that hard.
&gt;is bright pink with 30cm of grass Unless you're living out in the middle of no where you're probably going to have rules to follow. Whether it's a local government or an HOA.
Well good thing we all have options and no one is forced into it.
Yes, people shouldn't have to abide by contracts they sign.
And Abraham nearly murdering his own son is told as a sunday school story about how great Abraham's faith was. Fucking insanity.
mysterious ways, etc, etc
Well we're living in the most peaceful age in history so maybe he lives in Illinois and got his hands on some legal weed.
Exactly. I'd rather have a super cheap option that does nothing but establish an out-of-pocket max. As it stands now I pay a $12,000/year in premiums for a shit plan with high deductibles, but yay, free birth control I guess?
Poor people abusing their free health insurance is a bad thing, right?
uj/ yeah the content was fine, they just love themselves some shitty pictures through fences over there IF ONLY DA3L COULDA SEEN THIS
Here we go again karma whoring these fucking coins
I don't know how these posts reach the top all the time but I refuse to believe there's not something nefarious going on.
Something fishy about posts that reaching the top of this sub somehow while having comments that are universally negative. Maybe it's good for reddit for selling more ads or something. I don't know. I just don't buy this shit is making here organically.
So republicans are to blame for this Bernie/Warren mess?
About three seconds in "but this UBI isn't a *living* UBI"
you can just say you're crying
You could but it'd be awful.
Exactly. I used to say all the time over there that you couldn't tell the difference between /r/Nascar and /r/nascarcirclejerk because of how out of control the shit posts were. That was before they perma-shadowbanned me.
Probably not going to hear from many people who aren't through. edit: Like 250 comments deep now and I don't see anyone admitting they're less attracted outside the person who was cheated on. So let me do it, I guess. Married 15 years. Relationship has always been great. Sex life is actually fairly good, however my attraction to my wife is certainly not what it used to be. She gained a bunch of weight and it affects both of us. We've discussed it. She's "working on it" again. We'll see...
It's not a little weight gain and yes.
You're joking, right?
Why are an insanely disproportionate amount of them and their children dead?
Well that settles it.
&gt; It's kind of like how racism works. Oh great, the old fallback of every idiot pit apologist.
While accounting for a small percentage of the pet population. Are goldens somehow all raised in good environments despite being enormously popular?
First time here?
I can't wait until he gets nominated and then gets bludgeoned over the head with these clips for months.
Good lord, dial down the drama.
lol ok, keep being scared of everything i guess
hold me
Minivans are so awesome.
Horses not zebras. If someone is obese and comes in complaining of something that is typically caused or exacerbated by weight, their weight is going to be at the top of the list. That's just how it works.
Wow really interesting and unique photo.
&gt; I'd just stop and call the cops. What if you're in Portland and the cops are already there just standing and watching?
Always wanted an SE-R. Those things were sexy.
I agree. Reddit skews very young and very liberal. This place forgets that there are a ton of older folks out there who probably aren't ready for someone like Bernie. And those older folks actually get out and vote.
&gt;My grandpa has told me a few times of when he was a kid, a neighbor became I'll. Everyone around pitched in to tend the guys crops, harvest them, and situate them to be sold. This stuff still happens all the time with farms.
&gt; the ACA was a republican proposed compromise to universal healthcare but as soon as the dems agreed with it and wanted to make it happen it suddenly became "Obamacare" and they started to torpedo it. The exact opposite argument could made about the democrats. They suddenly went all in on a conservative health care plan like it was god's gift to us all. The ACA is the weirdest piece of legislation I can ever remember. Both parties did a complete 180.
Holy shit tone the drama down, dude.
I can't imagine being this scared all the time.
Stop the fucking pearl clutching.
He knows Biden and Warren would be boring as hell.
Oh great, so no one can discuss it until they agree to your rules about how to discuss it. Sounds fucking exhausting.
Here are her [views](https://www.politico.com/2020-election/candidates-views-on-the-issues/tulsi-gabbard/). What is she if not a democrat?
Go look and decide for yourself.
You got a problem with minivans?
Dog nuts are some of the dumbest people alive.
Yeah it sucks. There's basically nothing you can do. But the good news is the dog nutters are going to take this too far and we'll get new rules on it eventually. I personally can't wait.
&gt; Thank fuck we have discriminatory ex-hiring managers around in 2020 to let us know how best to treat other peoples mental illnesses, who else could possibly let us know better? Honestly, with equally qualified candidates, I'd hire the one who isn't going to drag a dog into the office every day too. First, I don't want a dog in the office. Second, it's an obvious sign they have significant mental illness. If that's unfair, tough shit I guess.
Mostly just anxiety here which I take clonazapam for as needed. Works great for me.
So don't eat it all. Once you get used to tracking calories it's brain dead easy.
FUCK CANCER Also, who's the onion cutting ninja here, I'm not crying you're crying, etc etc etc
Yeah I think I post something maybe twice a year and that feels like a chore.
She's 22, not mentally handicapped. Jesus.
Why are these self congratulatory posts always so upvoted? Should she use a towel to prevent a mess? Seriously? Congrats on the facial I guess.
Except if you've ever actually been to a city, you'd realize quickly that the local government doesn't actually perform these tasks effectively.
The irony.
No surprise it shot to the top of reddit.
The world is much better off now than in 1960. Don't feed this nonsense.
Not a student of history are you?
Do you think the cops would be behaving like this if, let's say, half the protestors were out there armed to the gills?
This has nothing to do with anything he said.
Now that's some bigotry. "You pissed them off so they had no choice but to loot everything from that business."
Didn't realize the extra $600/week the unemployed are pocketing was "ineffective".
Unemployment is paying the equivalent of $22-25/hr in many states. Do you think anyone making less than $22-25/hr is "being fucked" by their employers?
This place is like a death cult. I was and still am all about closing shit down, distancing, mask wearing, etc. But holy shit, some people here are practically rooting for the virus.
&gt;Oh no. A couple months of people that are normally paid next to nothing are getting a decent paycheck to help them through the time when the benefit inevitably ends and they're still out of work. I have no issue with the government putting money in people's pockets during this. But this was the dumbest way to do it. Not only does it incentivize people to not work, it fucks over the essential workers who just get regular wages AND have to keep working. As for me, I own my business. I get paid quite well, thanks.
Lol what?
Add me to the list. I don't crash as many as some guys do, but still way more than I like. Aaaaaand 20 minutes later I crashed again.
Yeah, this is pretty hard sell. There are a lot of videos of rioting and looting and not a lot of those folks look like someone I'd usually associate with white supremecy.
Why is so hard to believe that some people are just going to loot shit? Why is everyone so quick to blame this on people from "out of town" or white supremacists? Not everything is some conspiracy.
Pretty much the same way. Are you not aware of what these protests are about?
And Russia. Typical far-right goon. Blaming Russia for everything.
It's like the reddit version of /r/forwardsfromgrandma.
HOT TAKE
Yeah, we should pay cashiers the equivalent of $50k/yr. What could go wrong.
You mean reddit's obsession with taking the 1%'s wealth isn't going to just magically fix everything?
If they actually meant it they'd just shut the sub down then. Reddit's not going to feel this sub closing for a couple hours.
Imagine being this brave.
I don't understand why per capita is used. Why wouldn't it be by police interaction or something? And I'm not saying that the number of police interactions doesn't itself have an element of racism.
I'm surprised to see this actually get upvotes. Bring up stats anywhere on reddit lately and you'll get your ass downvoted.
Black leaders were some of the ones calling for an increased presence in their communities because of rampant violence in the 80s and 90s. That crime bill that everyone shits on now? Black leaders supported that too. 2/3 of the black caucus voted for it. This isn't as simple as just white people bad.
Yeah, I don't think this stuff is nearly as easy as everyone thinks. I have no idea what happened before the camera rolled, but *assuming* there's a good reason to arrest the kid and he's resisting arrest....what exactly are they supposed to do? Just kind of lay there until he tires out?
&gt; Even if hes struggling the officers should remain on him (but not on his fucking neck) and access the situation. And do what? At some point if the kid keeps resisting they need to use some force somehow.
Ok, so with even more officers there, how will he be restrained without using any "excessive" force? Some force is going to need to be applied by someone, right?
&gt;Force and excessive force are completely different. I'd argue they're not completely different at all. At some point on the scale of force it's going to become excessive, but where to draw that line isn't as easy as everyone makes it sounds and that's entirely my point.
Ugh, what I'm saying isn't complicated. To dumb it down, if I start exerting force on an object, let's say an arm, and I start with the lowest force I can exert and slowly start increasing that force, at what point does it become "excessive"? Please define. Should be easy for you since it's so cut and dried and "common sense."
Ok, let's have them give you a call for every situation so we know the approved amount of cops that can respond.
huh?
Curious to see how this comment goes over.
reeee
I don't know why everyone is so baffled he never got another job. The dude was a PR nightmare and bad for business. Case closed.
[This sub.](https://i.imgflip.com/allt4.jpg)
Hey man, we gotta keep this death cult going. Just wait two weeks!!
A rare sight. A redditor who realizes businesses can't just print endless money.
What an evil big business.
Is this that evil "big business" i keep hearing about?
They need to replace the dirt street stock body with this.
Listen I was 100% on board with all precautions and still am. However this sub seems to actively root for the virus and I find it very weird. We went from "flatten the curve" to "shut everything down for the rest of the time so not one more person ever gets the virus again".
&gt;high crime rate, Uh oh careful there racist.
Let's burn down the French Quarter!
God this Karen thing got tired very quick.
Were the white men pointing their AR-15s at people?
&gt;C. The caller noted it might be a fake gun and might be a kid As far as I know, this part didn't get relayed to the officer.
/r/coronavirus in shambles
Liberals choose the soft bigotry of low expectations instead. Still racist, but nicer sounding.
Anyone who uses this term, ironically or not, is a fucking moron.
Now compare it to the percentage of crime they commit and number of police interactions they have as a result.
Actually both, now that you mention it.
Funny I doubt they had the same skepticism as the unemployment numbers were soaring.
Why the hell are you attacking a guy who just explained how the BLS produces reports?
True. /r/blackladies is much more racist.
WhATaBoUtISm
Guaranteed they're a bunch of Bernie bros who didn't bother voting.
Yeah, I got pulled over on vacation with my family. Sightseeing, missed a speed limit sign, doing about the same speed as you. Cops rolls up and starts asking "when was the last time you had drugs in this car?!". Considering this was completely out of the blue, I pause and say "uh, never." "WHY DID YOU HESITATE?!" And so it went from there. Dude was a just a total asshole for no reason. I hadn't even said a word before it started.
To be fair, overturning the conviction because he didn't have a fair trial doesn't necessarily mean he didn't do it.
He's on a shit team, so not that great. As with most drivers, it's sometimes hard to tell who's good and who's bad just because they're in good or bad equipment.
It is when everyone is trying out-woke each other.
It was on /r/all.
People prefer to make excuses for why they're so fat.
Buy a crock pot.
No it does not. And let's not pretend the poor are all working 80 hours/week.
It takes 5 minutes to load a crock pot with shit to eat for the whole week.
If they're doing it all the time and are obese, absolutely.
&gt; I mean I would say I probably spend 30mins making breakfast, 30mins making lunch, and an hour making dinner and doing dishes. What the hell are you cooking all the time? Make some extra and have leftovers the next day. There, you've cut your time in half.
You don't think his VP choice will be *heavily* influenced by what's going on right now?
He'll have a huge net gain of fans over this. If only he was in better equipment...
What the fuck are you even talking about?
I only lost 1500 thank God.
Probably something useful.
We don't need West Dakota anyway.
It's just the /r/politics retards.
&gt;The world has NEVER been ready for a strong black man. I mean, we did elect a black president twice.
It's a great sign of progress, absolutely. Thank you for being so welcoming.
And better.
I can't handle his delivery. Probably just his voice. Nails on a chalkboard for me.
You could tell this dude was itching to be a victim.
Reddit is doing everything it can to drive this Karen thing into the ground. Holy shit it's annoying.
So when exactly is this going to happen? I've been reading about how everything is going to spike since around may 1st, yet here we sit with deaths continuing to decrease. The number of cases seems like a bad metric.
Yeah but everyone's been saying that for 6 weeks now.
Oof. People are still doing this awful Prego thing?
Did you not read the post he's responding to?
/r/coronavirus has entered the chat
Why do I get the feeling that you're bullshitting.
This is definitely an overused joke.
&gt; Violating curfew during a protest shouldn't be a thing. "You can protest against us but only when we say you're allowed to" defeats the entire purpose of a protest. Well it is, regardless of whether it should or shouldn't be. edit: Good lord, I think it's dumb too. I'm just pointing out that it's the law whether you like it or not. Why do people downvote literal facts.
Hell, most of reddit will schlurp GW at this point, despite that asshole doing things a million times worse than Trump could even imagine.
You don't know how business works.
They're all pulling numbers out of their asses and hoping no one fact checks them.
It would actually be $4.55. I have no idea where you guys are pulling these numbers from.
Actually Bezos could give each of us 1 billion and STILL have $100 billion left over!
LOL. "No one will mind a 50-70% increase in prices."
BuT whAt dId tHe KiD dO to MaKe tHe DoGgo MaD
Cats don't have a tendency to eat babies.
Meanwhile a dog killed another kid in my town this week. And stories like this are endless.
Dog nutter logic.
And when that meal is a kid next time "OMG who could have seen this coming he would never hurt a fly."
True. Some of us respect the safety of fellow humans over the life of a fucking dog.
This isn't that hard. How many kids are killed by dogs vs cats?
Jesus christ we get it already
Lazy redditors karma whoring pics of Obama. What's not to get?
I was told using statistics is racist.
wow more lazy karma whoring
You know why.
good god
&gt;Guys I’d known for a long time who never expressed interest were suddenly interested in me and it annoyed the shit out of me. Like you knew me when I was fat I had the same personality and you didn’t like me then but now all of a sudden you’re interested? I don't know why so many people here are confused about how attraction works.
God, I had a coworker who was on overtalker. They do the thing where they'd start by asking you a question like "How was your weekend" when in reality it was a "I'm going to ask you how your weekend was to use as an excuse to give you a second by second rundown of *my* entire weekend".
Yeah I see what you mean. I work in Healthcare and have to have the same small talk conversation with people 15-20x per day. Some people are great. But yeah, the ones who just sit there and offer you nothing in return are the worst. Like just give me anything here!
Boiling it down the stupid haircut trope is disingenuous at best.
&gt;Healthy food is expensive. No it isn't. Stop repeating this idiocy.
Screaming about UBI in mom's basement is sort of a job.
Seriously WTF is going on here. Bolton is literally the worst. And he's pissy that Trump wouldn't start a war with Iran. And now we care what he says?
I'm a Gordon truther and the answer is definitely no. He's missed basically all of his most productive years.
I think I'll pass.
You're asking people who will never create or invent anything in their lives.
Drywall isn't as hard as people make it out to be. It definitely takes practice, and a garage would be the perfect place to do that. The great thing with drywall is that you can pretty much just sand out all your screwups.
Oh boy, here we go.
&gt; Tell me again about how we can’t afford things because we spend too much... Are you telling me people don't spend themselves into living paycheck to paycheck?
Codes and capitalism aren't mutually exclusive.
WHO IS THIS 4 CHAN?
Yeah this shit gets really weird. I don't know how to word this without sounding like a rape apologist or whatever, buuuuut, I feel like there are probably a lot of these cases where the victims don't really feel like victims and probably aren't going to be affected much by the crime. And I think this goes for both sexes. However, as a society, you need to draw a line *somewhere*. So do I think these kids are victims who's lives are going to be destroyed over this? Not really. But do we still need laws to prevent this? Yeah, probably.
They're a death cult rooting for the virus.
what a weird thing to post
Honestly I expect nothing less from this sub. Until they get their fat UBI checks and no longer have to work at all, nothing will be good enough.
First day here? They'll make everything an issue.
Why does this sub continuously ignore this fact? It's just wait two weeks™ over and over and nothing happens.
ok, well i guess i'll wait two more weeks again
[Meanwhile in reality](https://imgur.com/a/gFrUmfu) Downvoted for literal facts. "We believe science and data, except when we don't want to."
Because that has anything to do with the race and policing issue?
You're delusional if you thought all those protests were using "safe practices." Edit: I see we're just going to choose to ignore reality to suit our agendas.
yes, people will look back on this and think "wow, new york really did great"
You sound like the hoaxer idiots who blamed all the cases on hospitals saying everyone died of COVID to collect more money.
Yeah, I've been a nascar fan my life and the on-track product is pretty much garbage now. I never sit through a race anymore.
tHiS bUt UnIrOnIcAlLy
The deaths have been plummeting even as the overall cases have been relatively constant since early May. When are all these deaths going to materialize? edit: this sub is so fucking obnoxious. What I posted is a literal fact. You guys have turned this is into a ridiculous echo chamber where you'll downvote anything that even mildly suggest that maybe the world isn't ending.
I actually meant New York.
Careful, you get shit on if you point out this thing is anything less than a death sentence for every living thing on the planet.
Look at the cases graph vs the death graph. As cases remained relatively flat deaths went down dramatically. They are not *necessarily* intertwined.
Looked like Bud Dwyer, but less dead.
\#cancelpredictingzepast
&gt; Nobody is going out to a field to detassle corn for 12 hours a day for low pay and no benefits. My 13 year old self disagrees.
So they still didn't pay enough then.
You're right. It targets Latinos.
Are you going to argue that there's no amount of money people would have worked for?
You're dodging the point. Are you arguing there's no amount of money Americans will do these jobs for?
The worst job I've ever had by far.
Right. It's very difficult to get Americans to do shitty work and have to move around to so. Barely anyone wanted to work the oil fields in the middle of goddamn nowhere North Dakota. Oh wait. Illegal immigrants suppress wages. You guys follow the breadcrumb trail right up to the point of getting it, and then there's this weird mental block where your brain just can't accept that it's real.
&gt;When illegals were removed, no Americans took the jobs. And why do you think that is? Do you think there's literally no amount of money Americans wouldn't do those jobs for? Because that's what you have to think to actually believe what you do.
Because you keep using this term "legal wages" as if it's some maximum they could pay. Americans didn't show up because THEY WEREN'T BEING PAID ENOUGH. Americans will do any shitty job under the sun if you PAY them.
I'm glad we finally agree.
Long days. The ability to actually be outside. It beats the shit out of an upper midwest winter.
Except this hasn't really been the case since the start of this. Look at the graph of cases vs deaths. Cases were actually relatively stable for quite a while while the death rate plummeted.
WAIT TWO WEEKS™
Until recently, cases stayed relatively constant for a couple months while the death rate plummeted.
I hate how quickly reddit has taken it and beaten it into the ground mercilessly.
Agreed. It's become fucking awful almost overnight.
One of the most innocuous comments I've seen downvoted.
Sounds like a giant pain in the ass.
Thank you for suggesting dog owners actually train their dogs. My tip was going to be similar. Train you first dog before getting another one. I already have to listen to so many shitty barking dogs the way it is.
Dog owners are idiots.
Get rid of the dog.
Yeah, as long as you don't fall over much it's pretty smooth and easy on the joints.
Crowd disappointed me too. Me and my buddies snagged seats behind the Twins dugout for cheap a couple months before the game. The Twins were awful that year and he hadn't really officially announced his retirement, so maybe that's why the crowd wasn't there. Still pretty shitty though. We were there just in case it was the end and it's going to be one of the best memories of my life.
A lot of white guilt carrying these to the front page.
you tried
Well obviously this must have been caused by *something else*. I only hear about how they were all wearing masks and properly distanced. Simply can't be true.
