Pass legislation that expands the court by one justice every four years until the desired total is reached. Doesn't have the desired result of automatically packing the courts, but that's a harder sell anyway and isn't a good reason to expand.
The secret Mars base stuff predates QAnon. I knew a guy who believed that years ago.
Yep. I just googled used iPad Pros for sale. Got a few under $300. Using a sick daughter to try to get a deal is weird, but setting your price well above what they (apparently) go for used is just as much a choosing beggar move.
The lower court's decision stands with no Supreme Court precedent set … as has always been the case when there's a tie. It's not unprecedented. We've had nine justices (except when someone dies/retires and a replacement isn't confirmed) for the past 150 years or so, but the Supreme Court was founded with six justices.
I don't think Arkansas' fat backup quarterback transferring has much to do with Kelly Bryant's decision.
Morris was at Clemson when Bryant was being recruited but left before he signed. A couple other Arkansas assistants were grad assistants at Clemson at the time but also left with Morris for SMU. Obviously he knows those guys, but he never played for them. Would be weird IMO to base his decision on that.
I think he'd be a huge win for us. We have an improving defense, an exceptional backfield, a nice stable of receiving threats, and an experienced OL returning. But our existing quarterback options are mediocre. He could slot right in and make the difference between 6-6 and legit contender in almost any game we play. Not because I expect him to be a star, but because I expect he wouldn't be a liability. I don't really trust anyone on our roster right now to make the plays necessary to win. I think he can. We don't need much. We just need competence.
Yes, I think it would be weird for a player in his position to join a 2-10 program for his final year of college football because he knows the head coach and is familiar with the playbook. He'll have to learn a new offense if/when he gets to the NFL anyway. Proving he's capable of that only helps him in the future. I have no idea what he's thinking, but IMO choosing Arkansas would be short-sighted of him IMO.
"Fans that want you the most" is totally subjective and based on your point of view as an Arkansas fan. "Isn't afraid of a challenge" is one of those things that sounds good but really means nothing. Especially when he's only on the market now because he left Clemson because of a quarterback competition. And if he really wants to show he can take on a challenge, "the place you feel the most comfortable" isn't really challenging on a personal level. You're correct that winning nine games won't do a whole lot for his pro prospects. But losing nine games probably would. Not in a good way, though. That's the challenge he's be taking on at Arkansas: elevating a truly bad team. Seems unappealing to me, but I'm not him. We'll see.
Also 2007 kansas
Chris Black was actually on the roster there. Scales and Byers were both Alabama commitments who ended up signing with us.
True-ish, but I always roll my eyes at claims that no one else would take a player because of grades. Almost everyone signs guys who end up not qualifying every year. In this case the player actually did, so the excuse doesn't really fly.
Still just freshmen, though. Expecting a few freshmen receivers to change the fate of a 2-10 team is asking a bit much.
K? I didn't say anything about Morris (who wasn't even the coach when Byers was a recruit anyway). I also didn't say Arkansas specifically was an option for him.
I think he wanted to play for Alabama and Saban convinced him to go to junior college first. The fact that the plan was apparently to go to juco for one year and sign as a 2018 recruit makes it obvious to me that his grades weren't as bad as people thought. Non-qualifiers can't do that. He would've been able to sign no earlier than this year (this month specifically). I think Saban perhaps successfully manipulated the situation such that most teams assumed he wouldn't be eligible, but again, lots of schools still sign guys who they know won't qualify, with the intent of placing them in their preferred juco to recruit later. Ole Miss did it with Chester Graves in that same class, for example. Everyone knew for quite some time that he had zero chance at qualifying, but plenty still recruited him (and now he's an elite juco prospect with offers from top programs again; Ole Miss wanted to get a jump on that). So no, I don't buy the idea that he ended up at Mizzou by default because there were zero other options. And really don't care either way. Not our fault other coaches are dumb or don't do their homework.
None of those juco linemen are committed yet, though. I see you guys have a couple three-star juco OL visiting this upcoming weekend, but that's after Bryant is deciding. Boyd is a fine player, but he'd be at best the third back on our depth chart (fourth IMO, but I'm biased). Morris is doing a good job of restocking talent (on paper; I don't usually put much faith in recruiting rankings). But I just don't see a strong case for Arkansas if Bryant's goal is to play for a winning team. It's gonna take a few years with or without him at Arkansas. I can't imagine his goal is maybe going bowling. Then again, he was considering North Carolina for a bit, and they were a dumpster fire. His list of suitors didn't ever make a ton of sense to me.
Crockett and Rountree have both accomplished more on the field than Boyd. He wouldn't get carries ahead of either of them. Badie is our third back. I'll grant you Boyd is more accomplished as a rusher, but Badie earned time because he's a dangerous receiving threat. Better in that regard than what I've seen from Boyd. Boyd is not a bad player. But Mizzou's backs are better.
Curators have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow that could likely be about that.
Because 38-0
Why not?
Beat Bama then.
What does Arkansas offer that Mizzou doesn't have right now? That program is in the gutter right now. Auburn tries to fire their coach every year. Why would he want to go play in Malzahn's gimmick offense when he's trying to play in the NFL?
KJ Santos is supposed to be playing tonight I think. We've already been Mizzoued for 2018 in both sports. Any additional Mizzouing will take place next season.
Who Bryant never played for. And whose career record as a head coach is 16-32. And who just led Arkansas to their worst season in their history. That Chad Morris?
Apparently no one else at Arkansas could either.
Nance is "he led the team in receptions but decided to leave so we don't like him anymore" bad.
Your classes leading up to 38-0 also ranked higher than ours.
It's not losing Nance that's funny. As many Arkansas fans have pointed out, that's old news. It's the fact that you're now going to have to play against him (on a team that just smacked you around). And the announcement comes immediately on the heels of Bryant also coming here.
It was at best tangentially related to the war. Really, most of what happened on the Missouri/kansas border was just mirderous assholes using the civil war as cover to kill and rob innocent people and/or retaliate against other assholes doing the same.
He was a senior, right? And only eligible because of the new redshirt rule? All "trimming" him did was remove a player who could have contributed on a team that went on to be historically bad. If he was an actual cancer on the team and addition by subtraction, I'd love to see evidence of it.
Regarding the OL: Returners include the left tackle, center, and right guard. RT and LG graduate. RG was all-SEC 1st team, though. Replacements for the two departing starters got some action this year and looked good.
Will be interesting to see how Dooley makes use of Bryant's legs. Lock developed into a red zone rushing threat this year, which I don't think anyone expected. That was part of why it worked, of course.
Like I said, any evidence? This is the sort of thing fans of every team will say after a player transfers. He's not going to get special treatment here, either.
To be competitive? We were two plays away from 10-2 this year and played you closer than anyone outside of LSU and Alabama. How are you defining competitive?
A year from now, with Mizzou prepping for the SEC championship game, everyone will be posting about how the East was down.
Year before. He barely saw the field this year.
&gt; Oh shit. I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you don’t understand how football schemes work. -Chad Morris to his entire team, apparently
You guys are so mad right now.
"Out of line" by pointing out your fans' sour grapes because Nance chose to leave Arkansas. You're all repeating the same lines and offering zero in terms of corroboration. I don't even really care about Nance. I don't expect him to see the field much either way. It's just funny how adamant you all are that he had an attitude problem and isn't any good anyway.
lol I'm being an asshole for asking for evidence that he had an attitude problem?
Good thing I didn't originally reply to you, then, when I asked an Arkansas fan for anything to support it so I would know how to feel about our newest addition. I didn't challenge the assertion. I asked for some source that wasn't an Arkansas fan responding to pro-Mizzou news immediately after we got Kelly Bryant. And then you decided you needed to chime in.
I'm absolutely being a dick elsewhere. These posts, not so much. Y'all are falling all over yourselves to talk about how much you don't care about Nance coming to Mizzou. All I did was ask for anything beyond your own speculation to suggest he was a problem there. New coaches and inherited players don't get along all the time. Doesn't mean either is at fault and doesn't mean the player can't go on to be successful elsewhere. But you guys are acting like Nance was an obvious problem and you're better off without him.
Eventually, Odom is going to beat Kentucky.
That's valid. But that season nonetheless shows he's capable of making plays against SEC secondaries. We'll likely count on him to be our third receiver, so if gives us a couple catches/game, that's a positive. Odom is very hands off with offense, and Dooley seems like he doesn't give a fuck about system and just wants results. So whatever Nance can do and be successful, that's probably what we'll try to have him do. Makes sense that Morris, immediately after getting hired, would try to install his system and not cater to those who don't fit. He's got the luxury of time to mold the offense in his vision even if it means some growing pains along the way. Odom did the same thing with our defense, and we're finally starting to see some results.
They say history is written by the victors, so … &gt; The same Coach Morris that won a national championship at Clemson. The same Coach Morris that is a Texas High School coaching legend. The same Chad Morris who is 16-32 as a head coach. The same Chad Morris who led Arkansas to its worst record ever. The same Chad Morris who closed the 2018 season with a 38-0 loss to Mizzou.
Rough timeline: Fall 2015: Campus protests happened, calling for the resignation of president and chancellor. The football team eventually got involved. Days later: Pinkel announced his retirement and reveals a cancer diagnosis. Also around that time: MU president and chancellor resign. Then Odom was hired by then-AD Mack Rhodes. Then Rhodes runs away for Baylor. New AD Jim Sterk is hired and replaces our basketball coach within his first year (fired after the 2016-17 season). So at the time Barry Odom was hired, the protest was still fresh in everyone's mind and our campus leadership positions were vacant, and shortly after he was hired out AD was also gone.
And had to pay Mizzou almost $800k to get out of his contract early. His salary at Baylor has to be through the roof.
Doesn't really change that much for most of college football history, though. There are far more bowl games now, and everyone plays at least 12 games every year. Some play as many as 15. So even if you add Sanders' bowl game that year, he's at 2,850 yards in 12 games. Anyone challenging that record would conceivably have 13 to 15 games to do it.
Yes, but "midnight today" is ambiguous. Midnight marks a new day, so technically "midnight PST today" was about 13.5 hours ago. Rockstar should've used a different time (3 a.m. Eastern is the same time, so should've given that plus a date).
I read it as meaning anyone who played before midnight this morning, though, so already passed. The announcement says they're rewarding anyone who *joined* (past tense) before midnight, which suggests it's not an active offer for anyone who hasn't started yet. Also, "midnight today" would actually be tomorrow for anyone not on the west coast, but the rewards start going out tonight.
It wouldn't have been difficult. But he felt he didn't need to apologize so walked away instead of having the court of public opinion squeeze an apology out of him.
Too prideful to apologize for hurtful things you said previously that don't reflect the person you are today? Weird. Pride doesn't seem to have anything to do with it. You've spent more time making your case for not apologizing than it would take to apologize. If you don't want to, whatever. That's your right. But people will judge you regardless, and they'll also be well within their rights to do that.
Beats me. Asshole is your word, not mine. But whatever you want to call it, it's a reflection of selfishness/stubbornness outweighing whatever amount of empathy you possess.
&gt; I'm sure you must have used some derogatory term and one point in your life, or said some bad stuff you regret. Probably. &gt; How would you feel if I asked you to apologize for those things right now? Stupid for having said those things. Find examples, and I will. &gt; Doesn't it feel annoying, insincere for an stranger to ask of you something like that? No. And especially not if I were a prominent public figure whose wealth depended on popular acceptance. But even as a regular person, still no. &gt; I mean I sure as hell don't know you, who am I to judge your whole character and growth as a person just based on 'that'? Here's the thing. It's not judging a person's entire character based on isolated comments. It's asking the person to show that their character has changed by showing remorse for those comments. And that's totally fair to do. If someone made repulsive comments in the past and refuses to acknowledge they were hurtful and apologize, *that* is what they would be judged on. In Hart's case, he seems to feel he's already made those apologies and doesn't need to do it again. In this hypothetical you're presenting, no one should ever need to apologize for anything ever and we should all just assume they're a different person because they're not actively doing the same thing still.
That's also how I read it—had to play by midnight PST *before* the announcement (it was, after all, a thank you to players who were involved with the beta before the update). I still logged on for the first time just in case.
You can always just not do it.
This seemed 100% accurate until you had Florida bearing Mizzou in a low-scoring game. We kicked their asses once already this season.
True. But also, famous people are often famous because they're intelligent, charismatic, and on the cutting edge of important fields (especially famous people who are still famous a century later). Those types of people will naturally say more interesting things.
The stage isn't really bigger. Every single scout in the country will be watching any bowl game a guy like Grier plays in. The opponent might be better. But they might not.
I mean, Fight Club is one of my favorite novels published in the past 25 years, I'm fully aware of its actual meaning, and I had no idea he wasn't gay until just now. You don't be need to know Palahniuk is gay to grasp Fight Club's message about isolated, rudderless, fragile men.
I've always kinda felt like Ark was just a test run for a bigger and "better" game. I actually hadn't heard of Atlas until now. I was initially intrigued … and then I saw screenshots with fire monsters and dragons.
Probably going back way further. He was a US Associate Attorney General then US Attorney for New York starting in 1981. He has ties with the FBI, specifically in New York, going back almost 40 years.
Kinda sad he couldn't get anything in the second half. He nearly set the single-game yards record for a tight end at halftime. Only needed five more yards to break it.
&gt; If you choose to purchase a pomsky, please at the very least, purchase from someone who will let you see where the pups live, let you meet the parents, and who keeps the pups with the parents until they are at least 8 weeks old. This goes for every puppy. If a seller is unwilling or unable to let you see the puppies in person at the property where they're being raised, do not buy. There is no good reason to conceal a healthy environment or healthy parents.
I'm all for buying the kind of dog you want, but this is such a messed up point of view. I won't even touch the comparison to human children because that's an entirely different can of worms. But in regards to a dog, those vet bills are going to happen whether you get an old dog or a new one. Any dog will eventually need those vet visits. Puppies get sick. They get hurt. And they need routine care that isn't free. If you aren't prepared to take on that financial commitment throughout the life of the dog, then you absolutely should not get one. Secondly, if you're worried about money, adopting is typically significantly cheaper up front. Buying a puppy from a reputable breeder is going to fun at least a few hundred dollars. Far more depending on the breed. Finally, no, pet ownership shouldn't only be "a luxury that only the rich can enjoy." But these are living things, not iPhones. You don't need to be wealthy to afford a dog. But if taking care of emergency vet visits is beyond your means, then no, you shouldn't get a dog. And again … adopting is cheaper anyway.
Young dogs become old dogs. What then? Drop them off at a shelter and let someone else worry about the vet bills? American or not is irrelevant. If you cannot afford vet bills, you cannot afford a dog.
Do you have a list of those 2020 republican senators handy? I'm curious how many are from swingable states. I imagine those would be the key ones. It's a presidential election year with (presumably) a continuing energetic blue base with an unpopular republican administration. If ever there were a time to pull some republican senators to the left a bit on a key issue, thisnwpuld seem to be it.
I hope this isn't negatively received because I am a bigger MPJ fan than anyone outside his immediate family. I've been a Mizzou fan my entire life and shed literal tears when he made his "I'm coming home" announcement on twitter and committed to Mizzou. I also shed tears when I rewatch that clip, imagining what could have been. I fully expect MPJ will have a long and successful NBA career and will make everyone except maybe the Mavericks feel a little bad about their picks ahead of Denver. That said … he spent the second half of his mostly missed freshman year posting various things to social media that got our hopes up. I don't blame him for that. But I would say try not to read into them. The nature of his injuries are such that he's physically capable of doing a lot of impressive things while still being a long way from healthy enough to play. So get hyped. He's worth it. But keep in mind that hype might go unfulfilled for longer than you'd hope.
Although I appreciate the seriousness of that entry, there is no past imperfect tense in English. "I was yeeting" is the past progressive tense. Also, the example of past perfect ("I yote") is really just the simple past. Past perfect, given that conjugation of the verb, would be "I had yote/yought" (depending on which is the past participle).
Honestly, when I saw this pic my first reaction was to Google MPJ news to see if he was coming back soon. After a few seconds on google I remembered I spent several months doing that exact same thing last year and figured I probably shouldn't dedicate any energy to doing it again. He'll play when he plays. My goal now is to pay just enough attention to know before his first game so I can watch.
My list of bowl-eligible Big 12 teams I'm interested in playing is also limited to Nebraska and kansas.
Not quite. It *potentially* upgrades pelts, but it's not a guarantee.
&gt; I'm getting tired of bowls always putting Mizzou against big 12 teams. Unless it's kansas or Nebraska let us play some big 10 or Pac 12 teams. Suggesting the only Big 12 teams he wants to see Mizzou play in a bowl are kansas (hasn't been eligible in a decade) and Nebraska (isn't even in the Big 12 anymore). The point, which several people apparently missed, is that there are no Big 12 teams I really want to see in a bowl game. The only teams we used to play in that conference that I would want to play again are so bad a bowl is an unrealistic goal and/or aren't in the conference anymore.
Measuring deaths per gun is kind of a weird way to look at it.
Except gun owners are rarely painted as the problem.
I'll actually be OK with that (in fact welcome it), assuming their new guy isn't a carbon copy of Trump. Because in a lot of ways, Trump *is* a fake republican. He has not been a lifelong believer in most of what the right has typically valued. He said an opportunist, a conman, and a crook who happened to win as a republican by pandering to their fears. There is always going to be some version of the Republican Party, and there are good people who believe in traditional republican ideals. We'll all be better off when those republicans rally behind someone new and forcefully repudiate the Trump era, even if a majority of the "new" candidate's beliefs are similarities terms of policy ramifications to republicans in 2018.
I'm more referring to republican voters than republican politicians. Elected republicans are an entirely different breed (either wingnit crazy or pawns for the rich, or both). There are rational, decent people who hold what they consider to be republican values and who typically vote for republicans. Most are probably not registered as republicans, though. Trump did well in the election with independents, but he has a low approval rating with them now. So I guess I rescind my initial comment in part. *Republicans* who act like Trump isn't one of them will be two-faced liars. They put him in office and still support him by and large. *Conservative-leaning independents*, however, make up a large part of the republican voter base, and I certainly hope they find a new Republican leader they can follow and are able to say Trump didn't represent them.
None of which applies to anyone but the OL.
People with lots of money can afford good insurance, so they have access. People with no money have government-subsidized insurance, so they don't have to pay money to access it. People with some money have to pay for their own insurance, and it can be incredibly expensive and doesn't cover everything.
One of my favorite non-basketball NBA facts is that Mutombo went to Georgetown as a regular student intending to be a doctor. He was recruited by John Thompson after he was already on campus.
[Recessions tend to follow Japanese sports cars](https://www.motortrend.com/news/supra-heated-economy-reference-mark/).
I know nothing about any relationship their mothers have, but Shaw is 9 years younger and grew up mostly in New Jersey and Texas. Barkley grew up in a small town in Alabama. I highly doubt they spent much time together at all as kids.
I wish you didn't have to complete them all in order. I've been stuck on the "eat four types of berry" herbalist challenge forever because I always forget to look for them and I don't even know which two I've eaten. I'm sure the challenges locked behind that one are things I've done in the course of normal game play by now. I would rather have it work as a sort of tiered system so at least you can progress on some if you're stuck on others.
If I really cared about the herbalist challenges, I'm sure whatever I'd need to quickly get through them all is online. The annoying part, really, is that I *know* I've picked every kind of berry. Just haven't eaten them all, and what ones I didn't eat, I've already used. The challenge doesn't break out which ones you still need to eat. Also annoying: the horse challenge of riding from some place to Blackwater in X minutes. I can't even go to Blackwater now. I'm not sure when in the story I'll be able to do that, but every other challenge I've enounctered is technically doable from basically the start of chapter 2.
I had to try that one a few times. I'll try to avoid spoilers if you haven't seen this, but there is a point in the map where you encounter a trap. Basically you inspect something, and then three enemies come after you when you're distracted. They do not have guns, so they'll get into knife range on their own. I had a save right before I went through there, and I just loaded a few times and redid that until I killed all three. When I was trying to do it naturally without reloading a very specific point, it definitely seemed impossible.
Thanks. I haven't toyed with seeing what happens when I head to Blackwater early. I just assumed it was like the other timed runs.
Anthony Peeler once allegedly showed up late to a game in college after maybe going on a cocaine bender. He then dropped 43 on kansas.
If you want more info: &gt;!I don't know the exact location or if there are triggers that make it happen, but keep an eye out for a hanging corpse along the road in the bayou area. When you go up to it and take a look, three night folk come at you with knives. I think it took me three or four reloads before I got used to their speed and figured out exactly where to aim the throwing knives to get the kills.!&lt;
I do, however, really like the hunting ones. They seem to progress fairly naturally and don't usually make you do things you've already done. And the payoff is unlocking a new legendary animal.
Maybe it did take me a long time, too. Honestly don't remember. All I know is that I find cougar hunting really fun so didn't care. It didn't *feel* long. They're one of the few animals that I actually worry about killing me, so it was less "look around until you see it then shoot it" like the possum, for example, and more of an actual hunt. Lately I've also been running into large wolf packs 5-7 instead of 2-3), which is fun. They still seem to do zero damage, but I know they would probably kill me if I'm not careful. In general, I think the game handled hunting well. Even the "chores" don't feel quite that bad to me. Only major wish I had is that the legendary animals were harder to find, harder to track, and harder to kill. Some actually seem easier than their basic version (I've seen two regular moose in total).
The white cougar you hunt in a cave is more like what all legendary animals should've been. It still wasn't that hard, but it added a real element of difficulty beyond "this one is bigger than normal ones."
Totally. If they really care about educating fans, they would first vote the actual rules here for each clip. And they'd also own up to mistakes made. Neither of which they do.
I understand where you're coming from, but to my eyes, Kuzma had established legal guarding position and never did anything to forfeit it. Harden created the contact. A defender has to be allowed to possess their own space. Once they've established their position and remain in it, an offensive player initiating contact shouldn't get the benefit of a whistle.
Another cool thing about that cougar is that we got a brief backstory before we killed it. Unless I've missed it, most legendary animals/fish end up telling you a little basic info only after you kill it, and that really only amounts to "a large X has been spotted wherever."
I mean, it's a Purdue fan account. Not an attempt to provide an accurate stat on full context. Mainly it's to show they played three more bowl opponents than Auburn. Which is kind of like comparing strength of schedule but you don't actually use SOs because the computers don't agree with the point you're trying to make.
But other SOS rankings have Auburn higher (and either way, both teams are still pretty high). When you have to selectively ignore some computer rankings to show a slight advantage, it doesn't make your trash talking point.
*Co-
That's the one you picked, though. Googling "college football strength of schedule" gets multiple results, and the first several rankings I see have Auburn higher. The original tweet is trying to make a clear point. Using SOS necessitates cherry-picking a stat that can easily be countered by a different stat that calculates things in a different way.
I understand and can even sympathize with that level of stress celebrities deal with … but they've also been made incredibly wealthy, well beyond what most people can even fathom, because of those fans. Without the fans, someone like LeBron or AD is just a tall guy working a regular job like everyone else because sports don't exist. So I'd probably never personally approach a celebrity, I think it's a major cop-out and asshole move for them to treat their fans with anything less than gratitude. If they don't want to deal with fans, they can choose to stay home. That's the price of fame.
All the way up to 110 in Sagarin's ratings. I've got nothing against Lovie or Illinois, really, because we rarely ever play you guys. But I don't see how you could spin his tenure so far as anything but mediocre. Lovie is paid more than all but about a dozen head coaches in the country. He's not being paid that much to take five years just to get back to mediocre.
I stopped caring about what the devs did the day Ragnarok's full map landed on consoles. I only played single-player as a method of mindlessly filling time with dinosaurs and building, so most of the game's issues didn't bother me much. Never even considered buying any of the DLC. Brilliant game in its own right, but it got way bigger than the devs were prepared to handle IMO. I hope with Atlas they don't let the game get away from them. I imagine it's a PC-only affair, though, so I won't be playing it either way.
Depending on how the math works out, that actually makes sense. A dual-income home theoretically doesn't need as much assistance as two individuals living apart. That's one of the problems with safety nets. If you're not living right on the border, there's less incentive to improve your situation because the loss of benefits may be greater than what you otherwise gain. Any time you rely on government assistance with an arbitrary cutoff point, this will be a problem. Which is one reason I'm 100% behind a single-payer system.
There are people who care about nothing but low taxes, fewer regulations, immigration across the Mexico border, and/or abortion. Trump does what they want on those fronts, so they're OK with the rest. They don't care about the whole package. They care about one or two issues, and any generic republican administration would have their support based on those things alone.
Is this from the program where all those puppets live in the barrio? I love that show.
To each their own, I guess. But to me, it doesn't look like justifiable negativity toward bad choices. It looks like incessant whining about the economic realities of playing the free online component of a game in 2018. But even if you totally disagree with that, constant negativity isn't going to change it.
I'm pretty sure I encountered them in Big Valley southeast of Hanging Dog Ranch.
And honestly I think anyone arguing otherwise is full of it. The story mode is well worth $60 on its own. With nothing else but that, the vast majority of the game's player base would have been happy.
&gt; RDO is still part of the product you bought for 60 dollars. It literally wasn't, though.
Hitler wasn't wiping out degenerates and criminals.
People are complaining because people love to complain. The online game isn't even finished yet. I wouldn't expect it to compare to a completed game.
Not at all. It wasn't part of the game I bought. It was a future add-on. And Rockstar was pretty open about the existence of microtransactions in the online game. RDO does not exist without them.
That tweet was the "we found weed in the murder victim's apartment so the cop who killed him was justified" of NBA tweets.
Mobile QB transfer QB, you say?
He has 25,000+ career points, which puts him at 19 all-time. No one else with more than 21,000 points is outside of the hall of fame, except those who are not yet eligible. You have to go down to the low 40s to find a retired player who's eligible but not in (Tom Chambers, with 5,500+ fewer points than Carmelo). He's an absolute lock and would be if nothing but his NBA career was considered. There's no debate. Excellence in a single area gets players in. He was excellent at scoring points in high numbers. You can debate all you want about the other parts of his game or whether those points were efficient, but the fact is that doesn't matter with how the basketball hall of fame operates.
False
Fact: kansas was placed on NCAA probation a month prior to that game because of the recruitment of Bert Coan, including a booster taking him on a trip to Chicago. Fact: The Big 8 had a rule explicitly banning off-campus recruitment. Fact: Despite a clear NCAA ruling that Coan's recruitment exceeded what was permissible, it did not rule him ineligible (because the NCAA in 1960 was a toothless organization). Fact: kansas' response was essentially "lol ok whatever, we're going to play him anyway." Because kansas doesn't care about the rules and never has. Fact: The Big 8 conference voted to vacate that win for kansas (again, because the NCAA was toothless; conferences held the power back then). So a combination of the NCAA being gutless and unable or unwilling to enforce rules and kansas not caring about the rules anyway did indeed result in that game being a win for ku in the official NCAA record book. But any rational person understands ku cheated and the win taken away by the governing body that mattered at the time.
Basketball is a free-flowing game that lends itself better to conversations among commentators. Football is highly segmented, and commentators are expected to call out down, distance, etc. before every play and then summarize the results when the play is over. Then they have to explain *why* it happened. And then they have to do it all again for the next play. Opportunities for sharing interesting stories are much more limited because every 30 seconds or so, they're interrupted by a new play. The "good" football announcers that people like are usually the ones who provide interesting analysis breaking down a play's results or explaining what a team is likely to do next (Romo). Few commentators are praised for sharing fun stories. Football fans (at least the vocal ones) seem to want analysis, not anecdotes.
That was my initial thought, but the financial report specifically says salaries/wages. Benefits might be included in that figure, but equipment, office space, utilities, etc. definitely wouldn't be.
Does that Angelo Bronte trick still work? I only found out about it recently, but I've seen comments suggesting it was fixed with a patch. Also, do you know if it works by replaying the mission? Or am I screwed if I've finished it already?
I had one 10-15 years ago. I put some smaller fish in the tank, not realizing what would happen. The small fish were fast, so I thought in a group they'd be OK. My little puffer fish were pretty slow, so it couldn't chase anything down and I assumed wouldn't even try. One of those smaller fish was missing an eye, though. I swear I watched the puffer stalk that fish from his blind spot and go in for the kill. Just slowly hovering like a silent helicopter, knowing it was invisible, creeping closer. Poor little fishy never saw it coming.
People often point to European athletes who go pro as teenagers as success stories. But like you said, we don't hear about the failures. I want to know what life is like for a kid who was viewed as a promising athlete at 14 but never worked out. Do they still get an education? Have they sacrificed a childhood in pursuit of a failed dream? There are some paths for elite teenagers in the US (IMG Academy and places like that). But for the vast majority of people, the current system is probably better (not that it's good overall). Could we produce better athletes with another model? Absolutely yes. Would we produce better people overall? I don't know.
To be fair, everyone by now should be aware of the high likelihood of republican politicians fucking them over, so we all should've been pulling hard on those bootstraps already.
Box score link goes to the Brooklyn game.
Fuck kansas
I'm sure no Illinois fans were bragging about three straight wins vs. Kim Anderson.
I already like him more than Pressey. Pinson has a ways to go before he's as good, but aesthetically, I find his style much more appealing in subtle ways.
Given his family's injury history, I'd totally understand if he took the money now, even if his draft stock plummets. Get paid while you can. That said, I'd also totally understand if he came back. His family more than most understands how quickly things can be taken away and how important it is to have a strong foundation to fall back on. Risking a pro career to build that foundation, whatever that means for him, is also a valid approach.
I never understood why he rehabbed on his own instead of just coming to Mizzou for the second semester. We had a scholarship open (Blake Harris and CJ Roberts both left), so it seemed like it would make sense to do his rehab with us so he could at least learn the system, get to know his future teammates, etc. But clearly, whatever he did worked well.
What's going to happen if/when Ayo transfers? Underwood has lost every recruiting battle in the St. Louis area. He allegedly burned some bridges in Chicago with the Ayo/THT recruitment. Your current class has just one dude despite (I think) several open scholarships. He's doing worse than Groce ever did, and he just got smacked around by three former Illinois players/commitments now at Mizzou. His best player (by far) right now is also a Groce signed, isn't he? I imagine his seat will be getting hot fairly soon. He's done seemingly nothing to improve Illinois' program and has taken steps back in several areas.
It's basketball. Rebuilds aren't supposed to take several years. Good coaches turn things around quickly all the time. Martin took Anderson's mess and put together an NCAA tournament team in a single season. Lost a bunch of key players from that squad and we're 8-3 anyway. Mike Anderson took until his third season here to put together an NCAA team, but there were clear signs of progress very early, and you could see the groundwork being laid. There are a ton of non-Mizzou examples, of course. This is a sport where a few good players can totally change a roster, and freshmen make huge contributions all the time. Underwood took over a 20-win team and went 14-18. In his second year, he's on pace for worse. Yes, they've played some tough teams and kept a few of those games respectable. Kim Anderson did that, too. At some point you have to win. Their 2019 recruiting class is not looking promising. Just one guy right now. So yeah, it's technically early, I guess. But what's he shown to indicate progress is being made?
Yes, in college basketball players graduate every year. That is not unique to Illinois. Groce had a 20-win team, which did, yes, have a couple seniors graduating. He also had Tilmon and Pickett lined up to replace them. Underwood has been backpedaling ever since he got there.
He claims 5 million in sales, but he doesn't say 5 million units sold. My guess is $5 million in sales. It retails for $100. S that means 50,000 people bought one. Pretty big difference. 5 million units would be about 20% of the total sales of the original Xbox, for a system barely anyone has even heard of and apparently just plays old emulators. I find that impossible. Also, Soulja Boy seems like the kinda guy who will use whatever number is biggest. If he had grossed 500 million (5 million units at $100/each), there's like a 100% chance he would've bragged about 500 million, not 5. So I'm betting on 50,000 disappointed kids getting cheap gameboy knockoffs for Christmas.
I see you're another new face to college basketball. Fact: Illinois won 20 games two years ago. Then they fired Groce and hired Underwood. Saying he took over a 20-win team does not suggest every player on that team returns. That isn't the case for any coach anywhere. Players graduate. Players go pro. Good coaches replace them and keep winning. My point in highlighting Groce's 20 wins is not to suggest that talent all carried over to Underwood. My point is to highlight what Illinois considered fireable performance. For Groce, that was 20 wins. Underwood has since taken Illinois well below that. If you can see any actual signs of progress under BU, feel free to share them. I see nothing but recruiting failures, mass departures, and disappointing results.
Jontay' still with the team. He was on the bench today, and he was in the locker room with the team after the game (Pinson did an Instagram live right after the game ended and talked to him briefly). No idea if he'll be back next year. I mentioned in the post-game thread that I could see him leaving. His family has a history of injuries (both sisters had careers ended with knee injuries, and of course MPJ's back), so I would understand if he went pro while he still can instead of risking another injury. But most players in his position would come back for at least one more year to rebuild their draft stock and show they were healthy. What he'll do is anyone's guess.
I can finally enjoy this map.
People forget that there are two teams on the field. All their own teams mistakes are ones they shouldn't make and should be held against the coaching staff and/or players. All the mistakes the other team made are perfectly normal and don't factor into their hypothetical world. I think it's perfectly fair to say Mizzou *could* have been 10-2 and point to the mistakes we made that prevented it. That's how you identify weaknesses and get better. But saying you *should* have been 10-2 basically ignores the fact that both teams are trying to win, both teams make mistakes, and real life isn't a hypothetical.
How many out of Smith, Lucas, Eboigbodin, Black, Finke, and Vesel did you think would leave after last year's Bragging Rights game? Maybe Ayo doesn't transfer. Maybe he goes pro. Or maybe he even stays. But I'd be shocked if there aren't at least two departures (Griffin seems likely, for one). And guys aren't exactly lining up to fill the spots that are open as it is.
You expected your leading scorer (and a guy with zero NBA future), two guards who played 20 minutes/game and started the majority of the season (one leading the team in assists, the other Underwood's top recruit in his first class), and/or your starting center to leave in December? With an incoming class (at the time) of just Ayo? And multiple open scholarships already? I'm not gonna call you a liar, but that's pretty difficult to believe.
Columbia being in the same district as Vernon County is all the evidence I need to know the current districts were set up to favor republicans.
Still not exactly right. The odds do *move* over time based on where the money is going, but they're initially set based on Vegas (or whoever is running the bets) attempting to figure out where the money will go and what is the most likely way for them to make money. It's a combination of predicting the outcome and predicting how the public will predict the outcome.
On replay the contact to the head looked weak, but the first time I saw it, my thought was, "well, he hit him in the head, so obviously it's a flag." And that wasn't even at game speed. Depending on the angle of the ref who threw the flag (not shown in this clip), I can totally understand how that looks like a penalty. Great example for why penalties should be reviewable.
Agreed. That was old-school physical basketball. Seems like there's a bit more physical play lately, and neither the fans (on reddit, which skew younger) nor refs know wtf to do. The correct answer is to let 'em play because that shit is entertaining.
Klieman is a defensive coach, so I assume whatever defense you guys run under Monachino will have the head coach's fingerprints all over it. Mizzou's defense took noticeable steps forward this season with him as an analyst.
That's just an example score. Could do it with any score hypothetically.
The same reason there wouldn't be a special election for a new president if Trump resigned. The Missouri constitution has pretty clear rules of succession in the event that a governor dies, is impeached, or resigns. Parson was elected lt. governor and was next in line. Nothing shady about that.
Not really. And parts of St. Louis and KC are as republican and as racist as anywhere else in the state.
That is not a solution.
"Virtue signaling" is the stupidest fucking insult.
What NFL quarterbacks has Enos mentored? I imagine there are quite a few coaches who would have more to offer him as far as NFL preparation.
I have no data on how often teams have a QB coach/OC vs. a dedicated QB coach, but I'd bet on that being the majority of teams, not a minority. (I did look at all the teams in the SEC, and it's 50/50.) I'd also argue that having an OC as a QB coach is beneficial. There's a reason so many teams do it. If you watched Drew Lock this year vs. previous years, he also looked significantly better, and that's with an OC/QB coach who also had never even coached quarterbacks before. I'd also argue that the training/prep aspect is entirely subjective, and Alabama's significant edge over almost everyone else on recruiting is the reason for the results you see, not an edge in dietitians and training. As for my original question, the answer is two. Enos coached Drew Stanton for his disappointing senior year and Brandon Allen at Arkansas, neither of whom have done anything in the NFL. If you're looking for a coach to prepare him for the NFL, even if it's a career as a backup, there are a lot of guys who have a better track record. But to be clear, I don't think Hurts should leave. I just think this particular argument for staying doesn't hold water. If he is aiming for an NFL career, I think he'd be better off finding a place where he'd get to be a starter.
My favorite part of Illinois basketball is Brad Underwood's buyout. The amount of money Illinois has spent to have its two major sports teams lose so much has been absurd. Lovie is at least showing some signs of life in recruiting, but he was the 13th highest paid coach in the nation this year. Underwood is at 18. The dollars per win is ridiculous, and the cost to get out of those contracts should they decide to go that route is also extremely high. I would advise Illinois to look into a smarter athletic director before making any moves.
The hires themselves were fine. The contracts, however, were indefensible. If that's how much money it was going to take to get Underwood, for example, then they should've passed. His track record didn't justify that kind of investment.
My parents had that sign when I was a kid. But we also had multiple instances of people driving through our yard, not just speeding by it. And we lived in a neighborhood with few stop signs, no crosswalks, and a lot dark, twisty roads. If you go speeding through that neighborhood, you could easily come around a corner and hit a person crossing the street, riding their bike, etc. And there weren't posted speed limits, either (lots of residential areas don't have consistently posted speed signs). I doubt the sign made a difference, and yes, it comes off a little sanctimonious, but "keep them out of the roadway" isn't really any better. Kids play outside. Kids walk or ride bikes to their friends' houses. And even when they do everything they should, bad drivers are a threat.
Why does a sign that clearly isn't targeted at you cause so much annoyance? Maybe it won't make a difference for other drivers. Maybe it will. But either way, you seem kind of like an ass.
I'll admit I don't know the details of Alabama's program, but I doubt what they do in that regard is significantly different than most schools at the P5 level. They do have the resources to do more of it than most, but the general approach is probably not uncommon. To me it's like attributing Tom Brady's success to his weird diet restrictions. Does the food he eats play a role in his ability to stay healthy for so long? Maybe. But the bottom line is he's just a significantly better player than most quarterbacks will ever be regardless. If any other player followed his regimen, they'd likely see minimal improvements at best. If he treated his body like an average quarterback, he'd still be one of the best to ever play. Likewise for Alabama's success. Those non-football support structures don't hurt, and they might help in some small way, but when it comes down to it, Saban is simply a better coach than whoever is on the opposing sideline and he recruits better players to start with. And maybe recruiting is easier when you have all those support systems in place, but probably the most talented college team ever put together (2001 Miami) recruited those players with shit facilities, relatively speaking. I feel like people have a tendency to want to find hidden tricks and secrets to success, so stuff like this sounds appealing. But the basic elements of success today aren't all that different than they ever were. Alabama under Saban is simply better at those things than everyone else, significantly better than most. As it relates to Hurts, I'd bet his development has taken a huge step forward largely as a result of taking a step back and observing as a backup. Preparation is no doubt different, if only mentally. Even if the process is identical as a backup, his mind set has to be a little different. The pressure is different. The perspective is different. He has the luxury of analyzing someone else's performance (and his own) slightly removed from the mental strain of leading the team on the field each week. Plus, there's a new coordinator with a new offense. The playcalling itself might make things easier on him. And the leap from a sophomore to junior season can make a player look totally different even if nothing changes (Lock took huge steps as a junior despite the offensive coaches staying the same).
Lots of talented centers, but all of them fit the modern archetype of centers who can step out and shoot threes. Ayton is more of a throwback, so in that regard he's different. Not that athletic 7-footers who can score in the low post, rebound, and block shots ever went out of style. There just aren't many of them out there.
Total newb online question (rank 5; pretty much just started) When logging in to free roam, I spawn in the middle of nowhere and have to run on foot to my camp. My horse is apparently in a stable. Is there any way to recall your horse to camp or make it so you spawn there? Kind of a pain of logging in requires you to run on foot to get your horse every time.
Advertisers don't really cater to traditional TV, either.
Not really when people can just go to a different site.
I have my springer baby carrots as treats when she was a puppy. She's 10 now and still begs every time we make a salad.
Probably about the same number as those who think getting paid in exposure is a good deal when they could make actual cash. If he’s good enough to make the NBA, his chances of doing so after playing in Australia are no worse than playing at kansas.
That’s not how I read the OP. At all.
Small distinction on Paige Sports Arena: It was not named after the Lauries’ daughter. It was named after a pre-existing sports entertainment company that was named after her. They used the naming rights for Mizzou Arena to promote their sports-entertainment company, which is a totally logical thing to do. For most people, that probably isn’t a relevant distinction, but it’s always seemed important to me. It also should be important in a story documenting the history of the name.
&gt; hundreds, if not thousands were killed, but it is all relative to the population. Like hell it is. Having more population overall doesn’t diminish the lives lost in an event like this. A murder is a murder. 100 is 100. 10,000 is 10,000. You can’t just qualify it as not that bad because China has a billion people. It’s the 30th anniversary of this particular atrocity. This isn’t propaganda just coming up now because China’s a global superpower.
I’m a middle-class American who likes my employer health insurance at the moment. I’m also a middle-class American who realizes “at the moment” changes. People lose jobs, then lose employer insurance. Or employers change providers, and employees lose their doctors. Or nothing changes, so people stay in a job they hate because they can’t afford to take risks that might jeopardize their insurance if a new opportunity doesn’t work out. And of course, not all companies “provide” health insurance. They provide part of it. We still have to pay the rest of the monthly cost. And if I decide I *don’t* want my company’s plan, I have to foot 100% of the bill for whatever alternative I find, yet my paycheck stays the same. So despite being a middle-class American who likes my employer’s health insurance, I’d much rather have a system where my insurance stays with me if I decide to leave or get laid off.
&gt; John Delaney saying he doesn't want to 'kick people off their insurance.' Is speech for 'I think there should be different levels of care offered based on wealth.' This is the part that gets me with this stuff. No politician will flat-out say it, but the fight to preserve different plans for different people is the fight to preserve better insurance for wealthier people. If you believe health care is a right, then you should fight to have that right applied equally to everyone.
Profit isn’t evil. Some people are. But if I produce something that someone else deems valuable, I sure as hell expect to make a profit from it. As long as I’m not using that value to hold people financially hostage or abusing the labor of others to make more of it so I can keep more profits for myself, there’s not a thing wrong with making a profit.
Yet not all that surprising, really. Cruise had been a star for a decade or more at that point. Pitt was a fairly new name. Age difference aside, Pitt had the perception of being the hot young thing. I find it kinda interesting how their careers played out (so far). Both have been insanely successful, but Pitt has continued to act in a wide variety of films. Cruise has been relegated to sci-fi action stuff more or less. I wonder if Cruise, if he were being completely honest with himself, wishes he could have a do-over on Scientology. Obviously, he isn’t hurting for money, but his legacy now is nothing compared to what it was and what it could’ve been.
This is incorrect.
It isn’t a debate. The rule here is very clear. “People” is a plural noun. Plural nouns (things you can count) take fewer. It isn’t complicated.
I would say less candy because, unlike people, it’s a singular noun. Whether you have a specific number in mind is irrelevant. What’s relevant is that you can hypothetically count it.
Yes, candy can act in both roles. I was referring to your usage of it. Edit: I like how you went back in and fleshed out your response with additional irrelevant information.
What time of year could it not be beautiful? I was there last fall when much of the west coast was on fire. Crater Lake was completely covered in smoke (but not closed). Visibility was horrible; you could only just tell there was a lake. Yet it was still gorgeous in its own way. Very eerie, like an actual wizard lived on Wizard Island (the small island in the center).
Not that I think McNabb needs to be in the Hall of Fame, but Aikman Smith, Irvin, Johnston, Novacek, Newton, Williams, and Allen on offense (among others). And the defenses were still elite, too. McNabb has nowhere near that level of supporting cast. If he did, perhaps his Super Bowl (and Hall of Fame) fate would be different.
Dallas has better talent than their divisional rivals. Yes, their opponents were better than the Eagles’ opponents, but Dallas still had an overall talent advantage. McNabb rarely if ever had an advantage in the same way. His skill players were pathetic for a top team.
You don’t need to change the vast majority. Just enough to convince a fraction of republican senators that they won’t lose their jobs for voting to remove him from office.
Technically the term comes from Tom Brokaw, who used it as the title of his book about that generation. Before he wrote his book, they were generally called the GI generation. I don’t think they actually called themselves anything, though. Giving sweeping labels to generations seems like a fairly new thing.
It’s a shame you’re getting downvoted into oblivion for explaining the First Amendment accurately. Everyone suggesting he should be arrested should read about Brandenburg v. Ohio and Hess v. Indiana. The First Amendment goes way further than a lot of people think. For this sort of thing to be a crime, the violence threatened must be both imminent and likely to happen. In Hess, the ruling declared speech protected because it ["amounted to nothing more than advocacy of illegal action at some indefinite future time,"](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imminent_lawless_action), which is precisely what this asshole mayor’s speech amounted to. You can legally advocate for all kinds of illegal actions to happen in the future. “If I ever see Trump in person, I’m going to punch him in the face” is not illegal. “If Republicans win the senate in 2020, I’m taking up arms and shooting every Republican I know” is also not illegal. “This mayor’s proposed revolution won’t have his desired effect because we’re going to skin him alive then feed him to dogs” is not illegal. None of those things are imminent, and none are likely to happen.
Well that’s a super helpful and healthy attitude to take.
To extend on that last point, if a corporation makes a public show of support during pride month (or black history month, or breast cancer awareness month, etc) but isn’t actively doing things to show real support, then it’s purely a marketing move, and perhaps even one that clouds a reality where the company makes things worse. Youtube, for example, has been in the news a bit the past few days for failing to enforce (and then finally enforcing) its own rules about harassment. If you provide a platform and allow that platform to be used to harass gay individuals while also saying you support gay pride, are you actually helping? I’d say pretty clearly not. Now, if acompany publicly supports and issue *and backs it up with their actions,* then I see no problem at all with their real motivation being monetary. Especially if they acknowledge past failings and don’t pretend they were always there. Sure, they’re doing it for a profit, but it still produces a positive result.
And I’d argue that amplified shittiness does a lot to pull more borderline assholes full-on into asshole territory. What used to be a relative few isolated miserable people and a lot of people who were kinda jerks sometimes is now a rampant online world where they all celebrate the worst parts of their personalities all the time.
And that one player is Terry Petry, a backup corner who got abused every time he played. I liked him when we signed him and hope he does well, but that’s the kind of guy you expect to transfer under normal circumstances. He was likely recruited over.
I don’t know what his coach has said specifically about A&amp;M, but he’s been very complimentary of Mizzou’s coaches in recent years.
I saw a posse today with a name that implied they were all girls (don’t remember the name, but it mentioned three women in the name). Maybe I’m naive because I’m fairly new to online gaming, but I generally assume the female players I meet are actually female. Especially the ones that don’t look like a hot mess. I feel like most guys wouldn’t take the time to make a good-looking female character.
I was trying to make a guy look like me. Turns out I have no idea what I look like. He inadvertently does look kinda like Arthur (in part because the hair color is the same and I got his hat at the start and haven’t bought a new one).
I probably the same route. The only thing that annoys me about fishing is that you don’t get exp (I think). That and the rare occasion when someone decides to shoot you while pulling in a fish (only happened to me once or twice since I restarted online a few weeks ago). The money is good considering how low the effort is. I would love to eventually get a hunting wagon added to the game, with it acting like the satchel if you get kicked. The ability to store four or five carcasses instead of just one—and not worry about losing them to a disconnect or being able to keep them if you need to switch sessions to avoid griefers—would be amazing.
No, you see, you just don’t understand the game and we’re stepping on their toes /s
My bad. Not actual Arthur’s hat. The hat that *my* Arthur wears.
I’m level 19, only have two free horses, and am still rocking the cattleman revolver because I don’t want to spend money on the LeMat, and I also don’t care about this. Money isn’t that hard to come by. The most expensive things in the game can be purchased after a day of piling up money. And when I am in get-money mode, I don’t look for treasure maps. The loot from enemies is negligible, and the return on a treasure map is, as well, considering the time invested in finding them.
Stalker hat, which in my mind became “Arthur’s hat” because I played the majority of the story mode in the Heartlands outfit.
You don’t have to play in college to play in the NFL. It’s rare because few guys good enough skip college and do something else for a few years and still get drafted, but there aren’t rules against it. NFL teams just aren’t going to take a chance on many guys who have no college film to go on. Eric Swann is the only semi-recent player I know of who never played in college, and he was drafted almost 30 years ago. Lawrence Okoye and Jarryd Hayne both went from international success in other sports to playing for the 49ers, but neither was drafted. Probably have been some punters to do that, too, coming from rugby.
I’ve only had that happen once (guy had an 8/4 off-suit and flipped two pair). I wasn’t even mad because he played fine until that point, just lost a couple big hands, and was down to $6. Probably just a “fuck it, take my money” bet where he got lucky.
L3 on PS4.
Worst-case scenario, you lose money equivalent to a few perfect bucks. It’s pretty easy to pick up. In the style in RDO, you get two cards to start, then five more are played on the table. These are community cards that everyone uses, and the best five cards are your hand (if the best five are on the board, those are your five; if one of yours plus four on the table are best, that’s your hand; or your two plus three more). The dealer rotates with each hand. The player to the dealer’s left is the “small blind.” They put in half the minimum bet by default. Next player is the “big blind.” They automatically bet the minimum bet. (These are $0.10 and $0.20 in the game.) This is designed to give more players an incentive to play. Betting in the first hand starts with the next player, then the small-blind spot in subsequent rounds. You can either bet the minimum ($0.20), raise (up to the $5.00 max bet), or fold. If you raise, you’re signaling (in theory) that you have a good hand. Other players then have to match your bet to stay in that hand (if they also have a strong hand or think you’re bluffing) or can fold. After the first round of betting, three cards are played and it all starts over. The new addition is that you can “check,” which is essentially passing. If someone else bets, you have to match or fold. If no one bets because everyone checks, then play continues on to the next round. Third round, one more card is played. You now have six to choose from. Betting continues as before. A final round follows with a fifth card on the board. At the end of this round, it’s your best five vs. the best five of anyone else still in that hand. These best five are chosen automatically; you don’t have to actually know it. The game will let you know what you have. It gets *way* more complicated than that, but in a game with fake money where the players are mostly not great poker players, the complexity doesn’t matter nearly as much. If you really want to get into the details, you’ll know roughly what odds you have to get the cards you need, and you’ll have a good idea of what other players have based on how they bet. In RDO, though, that’s mostly irrelevant.
I was hoping this would be the same line from The Critic.
If I’m pulled over for doing absolutely nothing wrong, I give a shit. At best, I’m having my time wasted for no damn reason. At worst, an asshole cop on a power trip escalated the situation and creates a situation with real implications where none had to exist.
To be fair, we self-reported in a situation where the details were being put out in public. In a rational world, Mizzou’s approach is exactly what you should do. Former disgruntled employee makes public accusations? Admit she broke a few rules, punish the players involved, and show you were not involved and that it was an isolated incident. Situation should then be over with minor repercussions. Nope. The NCAA admitted we fully cooperated and that it didn’t go beyond one person, who acted on her own. Still hammered for no reason. The worst part might actually be the softball/baseball penalties. I think there was *one* softball player involved. As a senior, she was suspended, came back, and immediately got hurt for the rest of the year. Missed enough time that the entire year counted as a redshirt. Then she transferred to LSU to play her final year. By her cheating, she ended up getting a free redshirt and got to play for a top team. Mizzou’s still staring down a postseason ban. It’s ridiculous. If the same situation happened in football like that, people would be rioting.
&gt; I don't know why people think you have to be conservative to be common sense oriented. I don’t think anyone go isn’t a blind conservative actually feels that way, though. They like to pay themselves on the back for being the logical, snowflake-free party of common sense and family values then turn around and exhibit the exact opposite (not all conservatives, necessarily, but the ones who believe they have the monopoly on common sense).
Forget minimum wage. At least $20. It will maybe mean fewer people ask, but 1/7 the customers more or less break even with significantly less work. $20 isn’t much to ask for a custom design for anything.
That you have to be conservative to have common sense.
No. I’ve been pretty clear throughout that I’m not talking about all conservatives.
Considering I did it two days ago, I’m fairly certain nothing has changed.
Have you bought any content early with gold? I’m on PS4, but I can’t imagine this feature is among the exclusive stuff (Take Two wants Xbox players to buy gold, too).
I kind of wish I had restarted my character multiple times to get easy gold from the early stuff. Seems like a relatively low-effort way to get gold. But now that I’m finally rank 21, I don’t want to restart (plus my guy doesn’t look derpy after my initial failure).
1 gold for the price of the holster, the rest is to unlock early.
Adding /s doesn’t save a post from being horribly unfunny.
I’m not yelling at all. You don’t seem very observant.
I had never watched his videos or anything about the cougar clutch before just now. How the F do people figure stuff like that out?
Kevin Love? McHale? Fucking Michael Jordan?
NBA Finals MVP runner-up Fred VanVleet would like a word.
You don’t have to be woke to actually read things before you respond to them.
His real name being Jon Leibowitz probably doesn’t help him (because everyone knows him by his professional name).
Didn’t realize it had already been legally changed, which is the only reason I considered it might be something he’d have to deal with (widely known by one name, campaigns with another).
If you’re worried about griefers, it really isn’t a big concern. I’ve avoided online (in this game and in games overall) because I didn’t want to deal with assholes. Finally got lured into RDO, and honestly, I haven’t had a single bad experience. I *have* been killed a few times, but not harassed. And if you are, you can simply parlay and they can no longer shoot you. At worst, it’s a few seconds of inconvenience. If you’re looking to wander the map and hunt, online is great for that IMO. And unlike single-player, it actually feels like you build toward something with the money you get. I loaded into my story save last night to check something and noticed I had like $6,000. That’s after buying virtually everything the game offers. Leaves nothing to strive for. In online, you can make a decent amount of money by hunting and fishing, but it’s slow enough that every new weapon customization or new coat or new horse feels earned. I really enjoy that part of it.
I might finally break down and give the LeMat a chance. I’ve been using dual sawed-off shotguns since I could get them with the cattleman as my only other handgun. I rarely use a revolver anyway so haven’t felt the need to invest in one. But as my levels get a bit higher, I’d like to have a good revolver available should I change my mind. Sadly, the double-action apparently sucks. It was my go-to in single player, but things change a bit when your opponents aren’t all idiot NPCs.
He wants one but doesn’t want to pay for one. Sucks for any talented running back they draft, I guess. Get run into the ground then low-baller on a contract.
In this case I think it’s plausible the firing has more to do with the fact that internal polling was leaked to the press. His own internal polls likely had him losing all through 2016. I think it’s more a sign that he’s seriously worried about losing. He didn’t really want it in 2016. Now that he’s president, he’s terrified of losing. Leaking polls won’t matter in that regard in the long run, but it doesn’t help.
I love these kinds of posts. “Who *hasn’t* said racist shit as a teenager?” As if every teen is an edge lord asshole who gets off on being offensive. This kid went out of his way to be a dick. That is not normal teen behavior, and it should not be condoned to the point that it becomes normal teen behavior.
Wasn’t it explicitly stated that she was a former prostitute who they all had a thing with before she married John?
https://reddead.fandom.com/wiki/Abigail_Marston Don’t know where it’s mentioned in game, but she was a former prostitute.
I believe that’s a fairly accurate summation of the most current information. The risk isn’t zero, but every study I’ve seen about the health risks relies on extreme situations that simply aren’t realistic. Nicotine is addictive, and anyone vaping who wasn’t already a smoker is probably nuts. But relative to smoking? It’s really not close.
What’s religion have to do with anything?
Assuming a “good Christian woman” would run with a gang of outlaws seems pretty weird.
Wagons would be better. I don’t think I would want a donkey running alongside slowly. But a hunting wagon pulled by a draft horse or mule with the ability to carry a dozen carcasses? Yes, please. Could even give different horses a strength stat to adjust how their speed/stamina were affected by heavy loads. But I’d happily settle for a mule that would follow me on hunts (no donkey, though).
My favorite part about “virtue signaling” being a thing now is that anyone who uses the phrase unironically is generously signaling that no one should take them seriously.
Plenty of perfectly good words and phrases already exist to describe insincere expressions a politician might make to appeal to a particular audience.
I correct grammar on reddit fairly often, but only under two circumstances: 1. [“Fewer”](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=u0wj38qTtFU) 2. When someone else tries to correct grammar first but actually gives a totally wrong answer (most recently, ironically, a guy trying to explain when to use “fewer”) I also get paid to do it, but it’s kinda not really the same thing when you’re drawing a paycheck to fix things for people.
The only ones I’ve done that I’ve enjoyed were the hunting/fishing ones, largely because no one was trying to kill each other. And fishing especially seems like it’s a fairly even playing field. Fairly chill way to compete without having to worry about assholes, and technically anyone at any rank could win (I finished first in a fishing challenge last night at rank 27, which felt good). An average casual player will have no shot in most free roam events in my experience, which isn’t going to be fun for most players. I do think there’s something to be said for elements that appeal to better/more experienced players, of course, but it definitely sucks joining a free roam event only to find out you’re just there to get slaughtered.
That’s totally fair. But I reserve the right to downvote anyone complaining about someone else’s fake internet points. A simple reply stating agreement or further explaining the point would serve the same purpose and actually contribute to the discussion.
Just finished all seven for the first time (usually ignore any posse or showdown related ones). Only took one try on the large showdown/three rifle kills, which surprised me. I normally suck at that kind of thing, yet I somehow finished in the top half despite a 5/12 kill/death ratio. If not for resetting the daily count twice by forgetting to do them (once didn’t play for a day until right after the daily missions reset and once did and totally wiffed), I’d be at about 21 now. Kinda sucks knowing the five bluegill I neglected to catch one time are costing me gold now, but I’m really starting to like this stuff. Easy gold, and encourages me to try new stuff. Never probably would’ve done a large showdown (pvp isn’t really my thing) without challenges, but now I’ll probably keep doing them.
Yep. Pressing charges makes them a target. If I see a red or even purple icon near me, chances are I’m going after them.
Hint: When you give an answer multiple times and someone doesn’t get it, it very well might be that your explanation wasn’t sufficient. Rather than be a dick about it, try a different approach to communicating your point.
I did once feel bad about taking own a potential griefer from long range with a scope while he just stood by his horse outside of Blackwater. And then I ran in the other direction toward whatever I had been doing before seeing his dot. His marker was purple, not bright red, so he most likely did *something*, but wasn’t necessarily griefing. I don’t have strong feelings on what I want the bounty hunter role to be, as I have no intention at present to play it. But I feel like all three jobs would be significantly better with PVP elements (or at least player interactions; PVP wouldn’t necessarily make a trader more fun).
&gt; And made him a former ivy league fortune 500 recruit. &gt; And a former pro baseball player. &gt; Who gave both of those up for the FBI? None of that seemed implausible to me. Charles Tillman is a former NFL player (and a damn good one) who is now an FBI agent. Multiple former Ivy League players are major-league baseball players. And “professional” baseball includes like 40 draft picks for every team every year. Most never sniff a significant pay check. For most, it’s the equivalent of a mid-level 9-5 salary (or worse), but they’re “professional baseball players.” So it’s not unusual for an Ivy League kid to get paid to play baseball or for that same person to give it up for another career that pays better. And it’s not unprecedented for a retired pro athlete to join the FBI, as it has actually happened in recent years. Is his story a little improbable? Maybe. But not as improbable as Neal knowing seemingly everything about everything.
Probably also why there is no chat option during poker. I do wish we had some poker emotes, though.
Eating food popular among a specific group of people isn’t and has never been cultural appropriation. Adopting important cultural symbols or ideas as your own, separating them from their originators, and disrespecting their meaning or legacy is an entirely different issue, but not at all relevant here.
Depends on the clothes. Depends on the person. Some things are more important to people than other people realize. Some things are (or should be) more obvious, but often it isn’t. Every situation is different. If you’re sincerely wondering why a specific thing bothers someone, the best course of action is typically to politely ask them why.
&gt; Some pieces of art are better left for other mediums. &gt; source: I tattoo for a living. Some pieces of art aren’t necessarily intended to last a lifetime, even if they’re placed on a living canvas. Source: Have tattoos, including one I know won’t age well but don’t mind because I knew it was important to me at the time. The way it changes will be as important as the original work itself.
Clearly talking Boston Shaq
Perhaps my favorite spot in the game. If we ever get to pick a spot to build a home, this will be it. I would love to fix up that little cabin and live there forever.
Don’t start college assuming you won’t get along with a certain group or assuming certain groups for the stereotype. Whatever you’re basing that assumption on, your sample size is tiny compared to what you’re about to encounter. Start college with an open mind. You’ll be thankful you did.
I don’t think that’s the point. Getting players to waste a relatively small amount of money on clothes (money that can easily be made up in an hour or two unless you *really* splurge) is a really indirect way of getting people to spend real $ on gold bars. If anything, it frustrates people into not buying more stuff. I don’t have a ton of experience with Rockstar, so I can’t say what their approach has typically been, but it seems like good design + a user-friendly experience will get people to spend more money. Like others have said, if I could try on clothes to see full outfits before buying, I’d probably buy a lot more, and I’d frequent the tailor quite a bit more often. That seems like a better way to get players to spend money than tricking them once or twice into buying something that doesn’t look good together.
What you’ll find if you ever get a job as an editor is that you either don’t have time to teach anything to your writers (because the modern economy has tripled your workload and theirs) or your writers will be unwilling or unable to retain anything you ask of them.
I really wish we had more control over free roam missions. I love the fishing one. But just now I did my first Railroad Baron one. Absolutely miserable. Just mowed down for 10 minutes straight as I try to even get to the train. The ones that don’t end up in most players just getting killed over and over can’t be fun for more than a few players per match. Of course, fishing is boring to a lot of players, too. Just let us have more control over this, Rockstar.
No. For me half the fun is silently mocking the stuff I’ve told people not to do countless times but they still do. The rest of the fun is the silent self-satisfaction when the final published version gets praise, all the attention goes to the author, and you know half the stuff people are complimenting are your uncredited additions. There’s a weird kind of joy i knowing your contributions are significant yet unnoticed. Sadly, that’s part of why editors are being eliminated in a lot of places. The people controlling the purse strings don’t realize the work that goes into making the initial version into a quality product.
That’s pretty much what I ended up doing.
I’d like it if they had more frequent short-time options. Would ensure everyone has a chance at a unique look. The relatively small number of exclusive items only benefits a fairly small number of people.
That’s a good point. Tonight I got a lake challenge, and I was excited … until it dropped me off on the islands west of Rhodes in Flat Iron Lake. So many places in this game I’d love to fish, but that’s not on my list. Pretty sure that was the first time I’d been on that island, save for a quick hop over for an iguana skin in single player. I was in the middle of a nice fire fight with some trolls. Would’ve stayed and kept fighting to bring peace to Valentine had I known this was going to be on the island.
Which is dumb.
I get the impression that LeBron is fairly progressive, but there’s no reason for him to support a congresswoman serving a district 3,000 miles from where he lives or pick a horse in a 20+ person race for the democratic nominee right now. I’m sure, like the vast majority of Americans, he doesn’t have a strong preference among the field right now. He’s previously made large donations to the democratic nominee. There wasn’t a big show of it. He’ll no doubt do the same once again.
So if a candidate praises him he’s obligated to make an endorsement?
So? There’s no rule that online and story mode have to be perfectly in line. Adding a few homesteads to online doesn’t have to change the story mode.
It’s a big investment, but it also is a big money-making opportunity. Red Dead Online exists to make money. People aren’t going to spend money on new hats forever. For RDO to continue to be profitable, Rockstar has to invest in things like properties that players will actually be willing to spend real money on.
It’s a video game. It doesn’t matter. An enjoyable online experience is far more important than protecting the “canon” of RDR2.
1. Add lengths like the story mode. 2. Make a reverse version of each style with a part. Those two simple changes add a lot of variety.
My guess (or hope) is that this and some other dead zones (north) will be rectified by the new roles system. If the trader can act as a shop, that would open up a lot of areas for more stuff.
Real outlaws were the griefers of the Old West.
Definitely in no rush. Getting it out early isn’t important at all. Getting it out *right*, however, is. They want people to invest time (and money) in this game for years like GTAO, so the idea that Rockstar won’t be willing to put in the resources to make anything more than a bland system seems like a stretch to me. This game is going to make a shitload of money for them as is, and it has the potential to make a shitload more. They’ll invest a lot to make sure they reach its potential, I’m sure.
Minor point of contention, not on any selection, but on a description: &gt; 50) Steve Kerr, 5x champion as a player, 3x as coach, Kerr was prolific shooter and **his three-point record stood uncontested** until being broken by the aforementioned, Kyle Korver Although Kerr’s record was uncontested from the point of view of anyone breaking it, I’d contest it on the grounds that it was illegitimate to begin with. Kerr set the record in the 1994-95 season, when the NBA moved the line in from 23-9 to an even 22 feet. Three-point percentages rose across the NBA, and both Kerr and Tim Legler broke the previous record that season. The line moved back to the original 23-9 a few years later. I maintain that Jon Sundvold, the previous record holder at 52.2% in 1988-89, was the true owner of the record until Korver broke it in 2009-2010. In NBA history, 50+% shooting from three has only been done eight times. Four of those eight times were in the three seasons the line was moved up. Sundvold was the first, and he held the record with a 23-9 line for more than two decades. (To be fair to Kerr, he did shoot 50.7% a year after Sundvold, so he’s one of the four people to hit at that rate with the real line; Korver and Kapono are the other two.) This is perhaps the only time Sundvold will ever make any kind of NBA history/trivia thread. As a 6-2 shooting guard, he still played in nine NBA seasons, which is pretty damn impressive given he was a three-point specialist in an era that didn’t really appreciate threes. He retired a coupe years before the line moved up; if he were a few years younger and got to take advantage of that change, he might still own the record.
Spending a gold to unlock the river lure early is worth it IMO. Last I looked, they require rank 30 to buy otherwise. You can get a fairly easy $120+ per hour fishing in certain spots with the lure, so the gold spent can earn a ton of money if you spend a little time fishing. (Swamp and lake lures are probably not worth early investing, though.)
I’ve rarely experienced low-level griefers. I have, however, recently encountered quite a few 100+ rank ones. Tonight I went on a stranger mission to rescue some people in a cabin. Showed up and got a message that one was already killed, and I’m then immediately (and repeatedly) killed by two players coming out of the cabin. After a couple deaths, the remaining captives started coming toward my spawn point instead of waiting for me to come to them. Griefers just followed them toward me and killed the captives and me again. I don’t mind players stealing the mission and turning it in themselves. That’s an intentional mechanic within the game that players are encouraged to do. But they made no attempt to do that. Just out there to make life miserable for people. I can deal with new players being dicks, and I have no problem with disproportionate responses to show them that isn’t the way to play. People who have played the game long enough to reach triple digits setting group ambushes on people just trying to play the game, however, are irredeemable assholes. They know exactly what they’re doing.
No.
What the other person said, or Dakota River. The important part to make it lucrative is to find spots close to each other where you can catch different kinds of medium-sized fish (salmon, trout, small/largemouth bass). Catch the max of one at your spot, move to the next, catch the max, etc. 10 of each will sell for $90 total. It’s probably possible to get it done quicker than me, but at my leisurely pace, I can finish my route in probably 45 minute. Key to getting it done quickly is finding *exact* spots to fish. There are some places where it seems like a fish will spawn in for about 100 feet, then none on either side. Use eagle vision with your rod out to see.
Absolutely agree. I went from playing a lot of Ark to playing a lot of Red Dead Redemption, and it’s really underscored the unfulfilled potential Ark has. Granted, Rockstar has a significantly bigger budget to work with, but I can’t help but wonder what Ark would look like if a studio like Rockstar or one of the other big studios had run with the idea. RDR2 has a quite vibrant ecosystem with animals behaving in seemingly realistic ways. They all feel different. It feels like actually walking around in the wilderness. Ark felt that way for me the first time I spawned in and heard a trike thundering along nearby. But the world quickly started to feel repetitive and robotic. Last night I started watching some old Ark videos on YouTube from a streamer who now plays RDR2. Watching him fight with snap points in Ark brought back some memories, and not particularly fond ones. I do have a bit of nostalgia for Ark’s frustrating bits, but really, it just made me feel a bit sad about how much better it could’ve been.
IMO all those things combine to show a developer with good ideas and mediocre execution.
I’m definitely guilty of occasionally watching a shootout unfold. Have yet to be caught up in it, but I understand the risks before I stop to watch. Mostly I just want to get a handle on who the aggressors are so I know who to avoid. If I know X, Y, and Z are being assholes (sometimes the dots don’t convey this accurately) and I later see those three mulling around a city as blue dots, I know I should maybe wait to sell those pelts until they’re gone. I wish the honor system and the dot color more accurately represented a player’s aggressiveness. Dots should stay red for significantly longer, perhaps with a different icon to show they’re actively engaged in no good.
Very true. It’s just kinda sad thinking about what Ark could be. I haven’t really paid attention to Atlas, but from what I have seen, it doesn’t seem like they’ve made a bunch of strides as a company. Wildcard definitely seems like they’ve been making it up as they go along.
In addition to all that, split-point (and other crafted ammo) offers an experience bonus. +5 per kill, which can add up. That alone might be worth the money over time.
Last fishing event I did, there was a like right in front of me. Didn’t bite on multiple casts. (I’ve won fishing challenges before, so I know how to fish.) Someone else runs up next to me, casts once, and hooks said pike almost immediately. He throws it back, and I keep trying. Same damn pike still won’t bite for me.
Can’t disagree with a single word. My first real online gaming experience was Everquest. Paying a monthly fee seemed more than fair for what we got out of it, but I realize that isn’t where most people are now. Do any games require a monthly subscription to play anymore? First thought that comes to mind is Wildcard monetizing unofficial servers (semi-official servers?). I could see microtransactions for purely cosmetic stuff being a successful strategy to make money. Like, $1 for a stack of 20 color mutation berries. Feed one before mating, get a guaranteed random color mutation. So a nickel for a new color. Don’t like the result? You wasted a quarter, no big deal. Love the color? You get to keep it. Don’t want to spend money for new colors? You get to deal with the regular rates. No competitive advantage to colors on a tame. Could’ve done similar things with different skins for building materials (like wood with the look of the lumber pieces for primitive plus). Of course, private servers with full admin commands and mods kinda nullify that for a lot of players, but they probably could’ve found a happy medium somehow.
I haven’t watched a lot of your videos, but the ones I’ve seen don’t have voice-overs. Personally, I often watch videos like this while playing. If the video doesn’t explain audibly what I want to know, then it isn’t useful. There’s one YouTuber I watch simply because his voice is cool. He gets a few hundred views each and explain very simple things.
Can you explain what the clues were and how you solved them? I couldn’t even read the initial map.
Implying exited nerd talk and awkward small talk are mutually exclusive.
&gt; I'm fine with taking just enough to deal with the liberal problems. After that, we're capitalist. We're not that socialist. Which candidates have proposed taking more?
I think to a degree, you can apply the imminent lawless action standard to reddit’s prior inaction (some of it, anyway). Vague calls for violence and/or suggestions that have a low likelihood of happening are treated differently than specific calls for violence that actually could plausibly be instigated. Given the tinderbox that is Oregon, it doesn’t surprise me that this is the situation that pushed reddit over the edge.
I think an argument could be made that those types of comments were viewed more as isolated individuals and not a systemic issue with the entire subreddit. And that someone calling for the eradication of an entire religion is not making plausible threats. The subreddit was quite clearly a cesspool and has needed to be shut down for a long time now, but I do think it’s likely that reddit finally took action because we have actual militias getting involved in a situation that could easily ignite with the donald acting as a hub. It’s one thing when individual nut jobs draw inspiration from the themes shared on that subreddit to commit acts of terrorism. It’s another thing when it devolves into an organized rebellion. Again, not defending reddit’s past inaction. Just sharing how Inthink this is viewed differently. The risks involved can’t be brushed aside with the BS “lone wolf” characterization.
I don’t think his future is really as a small forward. More of a Dirk/Blake hybrid at the 4 for the modern NBA.
I don’t know if he has the ball handling ability to really make that approach work. I’ll admit I mostly followed the Nuggets on paper this year so don’t know how he compares to other options at that position, but I’ve followed MPJ since his early teens in Missouri, and I’ve had Dirk/Blake hybrid 4 in mind for most of that time. I think his ball handling can be an asset going up against bigger defenders, but I think he’ll struggle against smaller defenders in that regard (hopefully can just shoot over them, though).
Pretty much mirrors my thoughts. I’d be happy taking Warren, Castro, Booker, and possibly Inslee from this debate and putting them with the top group from tomorrow (TBD; I wouldn’t have guessed Castro would be in my top group from tonight six hours ago). Everyone else was meh at best for me.
That’s the main reason I’d continue bringing him along. Candidates who will force a conversation to go in a particular direction can be a valuable part of a race, even if they don’t have any real hope of winning. If his presence leads to more discussion of climate change, that’s a good thing.
Those signs are fun to poke fun at, but the law behind them has led to significant reductions in exposure to those chemicals.
I’ve seen republicans bragging about how Californians are flocking to Texas, suggesting it’s an indictment of liberal policies. What they don’t seem to realize is that a lot of those former Californians aren’t bringing deep-red beliefs with them. Texas can easily go purple with a bit more relocation from the west coast.
Nice. I didn’t realize we got 5 gold for simply playing in a posse this week. Is that as simple as joining on at any point? I’ll have to do that tonight if so.
I agree with those saying this is an asshole thing to do. But I tried the throwing weapons daily in fool’s gold and got slaughtered. Trying to get three people with a throwing knife (the only throwing weapon I had) when everyone is trying to kill people with guns isn’t easy. I got 1/3 required and had to buy new knives afterward. I would consider being an asshole to three people for the .5 gold I would get for that reward. The real asshole here is Rockstar for making daily missions that require player kills.
His only real chance at the presidency was 2016, and he didn’t run. He comes across as a loud, arrogant man who is difficult to work with. The reality of his record speaks otherwise, but when he’s standing on stage with other quality candidates, it just doesn’t work. If he’s running against Hillary Clinton (who many disliked) and Bernie (at the beginning a relative unknown), then later against Trump, that maybe doesn’t matter. But when he’s next to candidates like Harris and Buttigieg on a debate stage, he just seems brash, which is unlikely to work.
Hickenlooper’s “was there I guess” might be enough to pick up a bit of Biden’s support, maybe. I do think his approach to solving issues would appeal to a lot of people (not necessarily democratic primary voters), and his track record in Colorado was very impressive. But then I also thought Jon Huntsman would’ve been a great Republican candidate in 2012, and he got no traction.
I think it was a brilliant way to show how a person can have zero racist intent while still supporting (unintentionally) policies and ideas that further racist or racially biased aims. Obama wouldn’t have had a man he believed to be racist as his VP for eight years, but it’s possible to be a good person with bad ideas. Harris effectively told Biden’s black supporters that yes, Biden is a great guy and you’re fair to like him as a person, but as a politician he isn’t going to effectively help you.
The average voter doesn’t give a shit about “SJW culture.”
The anti-Warren. If he won the nomination and became president with a democratic majority in the house and the senate, I think he could be a great president simply by being a calm, level-headed leader that points congress in the right direction. You don’t necessarily need specific plans to make sweeping changes in those scenarios. But *getting* that majority in both houses (and keeping it) isn’t going to be easy. And big-picture platitudes (which I don’t mean as an insult) aren’t probably the best path toward that majority.
Because the first time he didn’t even win the nomination. Yes, the deck was stacked against him, but he still lost. Running the exact same race with the new “I told you so” slant when the field has grown to 20+ candidates probably isn’t the best strategy.
The average voter goes outside every now and then and doesn’t even know what “SJW” means.
She’s written multiple best-selling books and has been involved with some fairly big charity organizations. Probably has quite a niche following that helped her meet the thresholds. But that following won’t get her past her low numbers now. On paper, some of the things she has said (or written) and done seem really impressive. If I needed a life coach, she might be the first person I turned to on stage.
Biden’s a front-runner. Swalwell is polling at near zero. Definitely was an attempt to contrast himself against a top candidate (as of now). Probably a better strategy than Delaney’s timid “can I talk?” then say bland middle of the road stuff when he finally gets an opportunity. Not that much different than Castro going after Beto. Beto isn’t polling particularly high, but he was a name most were familiar with. Castro went after him and seemed to come out on top, which has drawn a lot of attention since.
I could see Hickenlooper rising a bit. His approach to politics does appeal to a lot of people (see: Biden’s supporters).
Well, their playground was quarantined, so they’ve gotta go somewhere. My dad, who lives in a red state, is all-in on Harris. He has long believed that Trump is terrified of her, and I suspect he’s right.
That’s one of the main reasons I kinda hope he’s the BP candidate. I want to see him and Pence in a debate about morals and Christianity. Pence is basically the standard-bearer for the hypocritical Christian Republican. Seeing Buttigieg take him down could go a long way toward redefining the way religion and politics interact in this country.
Not really hypocritical. The food fight comment was specifically about everyone trying to talk over each other. When she said it, seemingly half the stage was yelling trying to get their two cents in. It wasn’t “no one wants to see us argue.” It was “no one wants to see us all argue at the same time and drown each other out.”
[Here’s the story I read about her](https://forward.com/schmooze/426631/12-wildest-facts-about-marianne-williamson-spiritual-guru-and-dem-2020/). There’s some nutty stuff there (anti-vaccination friendly) but also some genuinely interesting things if applied in a different context. Politics just seems like a horrible fit for her. Calling her a meme queen seems appropriate. &gt; Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. Tell me you couldn’t see that being shared all over Facebook. It’s perfect “Live Laugh Love” girl material, only it sounds way smarter. Shit, Obama could’ve said that in 2004 at the DNC speech that rocketed him to fame, and it wouldn’t have seemed out of place. &gt; bad boys and good dope That’s how she says she spent the ‘70s. That is, frankly, kinda badass. I had no idea who she was tonight, and I hope I never hear about her in politics again after tonight. But I kinda respect her. Even if she is kinda crazy. It’s the good kind of crazy, mostly.
That’s ridiculous.
Let’s be honest. She and the other democrats never had your vote.
It’s kinda depressing that Delaney (and Ryan, and Williamson) were on the debate stage but Steve Bullock was not. Some of the fringe candidates genuinely have nothing to offer. Bullock might not, either, but he at least has been a successful governor in a red state.
Harris/Buttigieg would be phenomenal debate TV vs. Trump/Pence.
I’m sure it will be an issue for many. But most of those people won’t be voting for a democratic candidate regardless. Buttigieg is about as far from the “stereotypical” gay man as you can get, at least publicly. If there is a candidate today who can convince American voters that sexual orientation isn’t a big deal, it’s him.
Coach Carter came out a decade after she wrote that in her book. It’s often misattributed to Nelson Mandela. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/our-deepest-fear/
Jontay says not true. https://twitter.com/jontayporter/status/1144733287275008000?s=21
To be specific, he didn’t “jump on the Mizzou Rivals board” and break a story. He had been a paid Rivals reporter for a year and a half already, and he’s been covering Mizzou athletics since 2013. He’s a legitimate journalist with legitimate sources, and he probably has better Porter sources than just about anyone.
Trump is terrified of Kamala Harris. He knows how he’d go after any other likely candidate. He doesn’t know how to handle her. I think the majority of the democratic field would best him, but she’s the one who scares him the most.
It’s possible to be both mostly right and also totally lacking in tact. If his point is that schools in Iowa perform better because Iowans in general face fewer socio-economic challenges like those plaguing minority communities, he’s probably right. But the way he phrased it there sounds like he’s gathering all his data from white-supremacy sources and then trying to put a less racist spin on it. “What you start off with” in Iowa vs. DC is not white vs. black. It’s a healthier middle class vs. poverty. The way he frames it suggests he believes that divide is the fault of the people in those communities rather than a systemic issue that society needs to work toward solving.
I don’t think he’d beat Hillary 1.0 a second time, let alone a 2.0 version without 30 years of pent-up Republican hate fueling his sails.
A lot of people don’t care about anything beyond a few issues. If you’re passionately anti-choice or anti-taxes and care about little else and believe a piece of shit Republican will be more likely to further those goals, then you’ll vote for Trump.
Most vets or groomers will do this for like $10.
I’m late to this party, but my wife and I got married in a national park. The fees and rules can vary widely from park to park. Ours was at a lodge in the park, so we had to pay typical site reservation fees like any other venue, but they handled so many of the logistics that it was worth it. You can probably find parks that have like a $75 fee, but then you’re also responsible for all seating, food, etc. You might save money in the long run, but you’re adding a lot of stress. That’s the last thing you want on your wedding day. Also keep in mind a national park doesn’t close because you have a wedding. Any random person can show up and get in the way. We had kayakers slowly passing by on the lake behind us as we took our vows.
I love when I go hunting to kill 20 minutes before the challenges reset, go sell the parts at the butcher, and find out I’ve already completed one of them. I think tonight was my third time finishing a challenge before even seeing what they are in my current streak. Feels good.
I just looked up to see what the bison population looked like when the game takes place. From 60 million to *541* in 1889 and just *300* by 1900 (in the U.S.). Depressing. A lot died from disease introduced by domestic cattle, though. I’ve always wanted to see what America looked like before colonization. When you hear about millions of buffalo and species like the passenger pigeon (from 5 billion to extinct in the 19th century), it’s pretty sad.
I was lucky enough to get a couple things I liked on the first try (not a warm coat, unfortunately. Or any coat.) I’m still wearing the vest, pants, boots, and hat I started with more often than not. I think a lot of people don’t realize restarting is an option, though.
I’m fairly bad at PVP, but I play it a bit every now and then and find I’m usially not the absolute worst. It’s quite a bit different than free roam hunting, but it can be enjoyable as a rare change of pace. If you want to just spend time exploring the world and hunting, this game can still be really rewarding. It’s a beautiful, calm place to spend time. Not that hard to avoid other people, really.
I’ve noticed a drop in aggressive trolls lately. I feel like a lot of the jerks got bored with the game and left. Hope it stays that way.
I cannot overstate how much I want wagons. If this game allowed me to own a hunting wagon where I could store animals and would save them like my satchel when I logged off or got disconnected, I would be so happy. It’s one of the few things I’d gladly pay gold for. Like, lots of gold. I’d go spend real money to buy gold for a wagon like that. It would be so nice to have a way to make hunting (or fishing large fish) profitable in the far reaches of the map.
Pandas did 9/11
Honestly probably the healthiest approach for a successful child actor. He doesn’t need money. He’s famous already. Makes sense to take a step back, refine your craft in a more intimate setting, and grow up a bit before you really get back into the limelight.
Hunt and fish. It’s a few dollars per animal, but it adds up. An hour spent hunting can get you $100 fairly easily. The most expensive stuff in the game is still only $950, and you’re weeks away from being able to buy it anyway.
I watch quite a bit of Red Dead content on YouTube, yet I absolutely agree. Rockstar doesn’t care about a bunch of asshat kids laughing at some Outlaw Garry bullshit poker videos for “exposure” for their game. “Funny Red Dead poker videos on youtube” are the *last* thing I want to watch, and it’s an absolute shit reason to add voice chat to poker.
Those who want voice chat in poker are probably the ones who don’t know how to play poker.
I tried the hunt the fast travel trick after downing a perfect moose at Calumet Ravine. Got to the butcher in Valentine, went to sell the pelt, and it disappeared. This after I’d just lost a cougar to a disconnect. I can’t be too mad about it. I don’t know what a perfect moose pelt sells for, but I imagine it’s like $7 at most, which isn’t a huge blow. And the cougar wasn’t even a perfect one. I can make up the lost money in 5-10 minutes of fishing nearby. But still … The ability to load up a wagon full of dead animals for an hour then mosey back to the butcher would make grinding so much more enjoyable. Also: It would give an in-game use to draft horses. Right now, only about a third of the horses really have much use. A lot of depth can be added to the game simply by adding things that give different horse types more of a role.
I never engage in anything resembling griefing … but I make an exception when I happen across someone trying to dupe cougars at the butcher.
Granted, that’s quite a bit older than a I thought, but he was a child actor when he started with movies (not that his roles were huge), so I’ll stand by my main point. He isn’t at the point where he needs to grow up and mature now, but he and his parents took the smart path for a kid in acting.
A male dog with a champion pedigree can probably make a couple grand a pop in stud fees. Not exactly chump change, but not a fortune, either. It’s not like these are race horses.
I realize you’re doing it for simplified math, but the median income for a middle class American is closer to 1/4 of 0.3 million.
I meant to type net worth, not income. The median net worth of middle class Americans is nowhere near $300,000. Not even at death.
Or at least give us one or two other saddles with stamina drain and bonus speed/acceleration stats. The difference between that saddle and every other saddle is pretty ridiculous, so much so that I almost feel like it’s bonus stats were accidental, a bug that never got corrected because too many people liked it.
The sentence doesn’t need commas. It needs to be rewritten.
I kinda wish at least some pro and more college teams would take that approach. Only one team will win a championship in any given year. Only a handful more are serious contenders. A team like the Lions, for example, have only played in three playoff games in the past 20 years. They haven’t won one in nearly 30. Would they be any worse off if they just said, “Fuck it, we’re not worried about winning right now. We just wanna put on a good show”? Probably not. This is especially true for the Raiders moving to Vegas. I’d love to see them embrace the Vegas style and just treat their organization like another Vegas attraction. Make a Raiders game a must-see show. They might win. They might not. But they’re gonna be entertaining as hell either way.
Not quite, because they haven’t really embraced the idea fully. My dream is not for an entertaining team that’s still pretty bad. I want a team that literally doesn’t care if they win and instead makes a major effort into just being a badass show. So like the Chargers if the Chargers decided they wanted Rivers to set every single-season passing record, and to do so they ran a two-minute style hurry-up offense all game long, never punted, kicked an onsides kick every time they scored, and put all their money toward offensive players and trotted out cheap journeymen on defense. It probably wouldn’t ever translate to wins, but it would be entertaining as hell. The closest we’ve probably had is Don Coryell, who actually did win games and revolutionized the entire idea of passing downfield. Pretty much every NFL team and all but a handful of option teams in college are using principles he innovated. I want more like that. Guys who are dedicated to having fun teams to watch and push boundaries of what conventional wisdom says is possible.
I actually didn’t have a problem with the original. It was only confusing if you didn’t know the context. My main beef was the suggestion to “fix” it by adding commas, which is a shitty way to address ambiguous meaning in most cases. That isn’t what commas are for, and rather than actually clarifying, it typically just makes things look worse.
Ignoring the fact that he was also a strong advocate for much more liberal politics in general. He wasn’t the only activist killed, either. It’s possible that without the various assassinations of political leaders and activists in that era, we’d be much closer politically to Canada and most of Europe.
Thank you for this. He was making anonymous accusations. She was pushing him to name names. Her point wasn’t, “Why don’t you just stay silent so no one gets hurt,” which is how reddit generally interprets it. Her point was, as you say, to get him to narrow in on specific people.
I’m guessing a lot of the “get healthy quicker” PEDs have the same effects as the “get stronger quicker” kinds. If they were simply used to heal and nothing else, they probably wouldn’t be banned.
I mean, that one was banned because it was illegal (and still is federally), not because it was a performance enhancer.
I would bet 10 gold bars that this is coming in the relatively near future. Not necessarily as described, but some form of Outlaw role. The moonshine role is basically the criminal extension of trader. Makes sense, then, that they continue the dishonorable extension plan with an outlaw type to grow the bounty hunter.
He’s a federalist society stooge and always has been.
This has always been a weak point of view IMO. He’s had one real injury in his life, but it happened to be a severe one that took a long time to heal. People act like both his knees are shredded or he keeps getting hurt with different parts of his body breaking down. That simply has never been the case.
He could be a guy like Ginobili in that he comes off the bench for the majority of his career and rarely averages more than 30 minutes/game but is a lethal scorer when he’s on the court. Manu was still a key part of several championship teams and could (should IMO) end up in the hall of fame despite coming off the bench in like 70% of his team’s games.
I’m well aware. I’d wager there aren’t more than a dozen or so people among the 3 million subscribers to this subreddit who have followed the family closer than I have, from before he was even in high school. His siblings’ injuries are not his. He’s been hurt once.
Which isn’t an unexpected part of rehabbing from a surgery like that.
A knee sprain over the summer. I’m not counting things that players can often just play through or sit a couple days if they don’t need to play. He sat out with that injury because it was only going to affect meaningless summer league games.
“Tuition-free public education.”
I’d rather see the bounty system tweaked to give stronger repercussions to players who act like assholes. Rockstar is greatly underutilizing the bounty hunter role in terms of allowing the player population to police itself.
I really want them to hire Barry Odom.
Didn’t help that the Harbaugh teams never had a real playmaker at receiver. The biggest threats in those years were Crabtree (a diva possession receiver) and later Boldin (also a possession receiver). Kaepernick never had the kinds of weapons surrounding him that the offense has now. The Harbaugh/Fangio defenses will always be one of the most entertaining units I’ve ever watched, though.
That’s definitely the safe approach. Drinkwitz so far at Mizzou has sorta taken the opposite approach. When asked what realistic expectations are, he basically said “I don’t live in a world of realistic.” Not quite promising undefeated seasons or full trophy cases, but not exactly working to keep expectations low. The Neil Brown approach is probably healthier long-term. The Drinkwitz approach is more interesting in the first few months, though. I really hope those words don’t come back to bite him.
That streak includes wins over a 4-win South Carolina, UAB, a Kentucky team that doesn't have a quarterback, a mediocre Mizzou with both starting corners out, Vanderbilt, and Indiana, whose best win was over a 5-7 Nebraska team. Which means Tennessee will probably open the 2020 season ranked in the top 15.
Still two more SEC Championship game appearances than UT has in the past 20 years, though.
I think at least a portion of that 40% could move to the remove column. They’ll still have the option of president Pence to finish the year, and if it looks like Trump will lose in 2020 (it does to me, but not necessarily to republicans), then they might be swayed into backing a different GOP option. I imagine a whole lot of republican types would secretly be thrilled with a year of Pence followed by potentially four more of him or someone like Kasich. They back Trump because he’s in charge, but they’ll flip as soon as they see a more likely scenario to stay in power.
I got what he meant there. Not that he was making good decisions, but that he was unfazed. His mistakes were of the trying too hard variety, not the shrinking from the moment/playing scared type, which might be expected of a rookie.
Unpopular opinion: I kinda like him. He says all kinds of dumb stuff, but a lot of football stuff is kinda dumb anyway. It’s a sport where people basically willingly subject themselves to brain damage. I don’t need erudite commentary all the time. His biggest problem IMO is Tessitore. Tessitore seems too focused on dramatizing everything. Between them, there isn’t a smart guy who can actually explain things accurately and succinctly. I feel like Booger would be cool to watch a game with. Even if some of the stuff he said was stupid, you’d come away feeling like he added to the experience. Tessitore just seems like he’d be annoying to watch a game with.
And then quite possibly shift to safety and play another several years after that, like Charles Woodson.
To add to the chorus, it’s definitely instinctual. Training perfects it, but the inclination has been bred into them for generations. This is why it’s important for people to research a breed before they buy (and buy from breeders who know what they’re doing if they insist on having a specific breed). A lot of people buy a breed because it looks cute but have no idea what kind of behaviors they’re taking on. Something like pointing at a bird isn’t going to cause problems most likely, but there are situations where certain breed traits are probably not compatible with a person’s lifestyle. And on the other hand, if you know you want a dog with specific traits to match your lifestyle, there are probably breeds that are like that. All dogs are wonderful, and an adopted mix might be the perfect one for you, but if you have specific things you definitely want or don’t want, a little research can likely find you that exact dog.
Tessitore left him out to dry on that. It should be his job to point out when his partner is wrong so his partner can correct himself instead of just sounding like an idiot.
Another fun fact: Andy Reid’s first major coaching job was at Missouri (he’d coached at some small schools prior). That offensive staff also had Dirk Koetter and Marty Mornhinweg. Three offensive assistants went on to become NFL head coaches. That staff also had Ken Flajole (former NFL DC) and Dave Toub (longtime NFL special teams coordinator). Five high-level assistant coaches on the same college staff. We never won more than 4 games.
Any voter who casts their ballot for president based on vaping needs to seriously re-examine their priorities.
Two season-ending injuries in three seasons will do that. His only full season, he only had 39 catches. That’s not bad, but it also doesn’t scream first round when a guy keeps having serious injuries.
Well that’s just dumb. That “slightly less evil” democrat would potentially flip the majority, which is a major game changer. Doesn’t matter if she’d vote with republicans 40% of the time if she still has a D next to her name and ensures the senate is run by democrats.
And I’d say the same thing about those other elections. This is definitely an important issue to everyone here, especially those of us who have used vaping to cut an addiction to cigarettes, but there are much more important things in the world.
I assume the Venn diagram of college sophomores who still use Facebook and the college sophomores who say things like this is pretty much a circle.
Not upward. Forward. As in to the future, when the rest of us will have to deal with it. The entire Republican platform consists of two basic ideas: 1. Rig the system to get as much for yourself as you can now and fuck the repercussions, and 2. Rile up voters with stuff like abortion and guns so they’ll keep you in power. There are examples of republican politicians who genuinely believe low taxes, small government, etc. are good for the future. And there are republican politicians who genuinely believe abortion is murder and gun rights are sacred. But the real influential people on that side of the aisle (both the politicians and their financial backers) are really only concerned with amassing wealth for themselves. The rest is just window dressing to make it happen.
Unrelated to cars, but I once had a *dentist* ask me how my credit was (after I seemed shocked at the five-figure elective procedures they were trying to push). Any time credit scores come up when engaging in what should be a routine transaction, it’s an immediate run away from me.
Socialism for the rich. Capitalism for the poor.
He’s the richest, but let’s not act like every single team’s owner (except the Packers) doesn’t have fuck you money. Mark Davis ($500 million) and Mike Brown ($925 million) are the only two owners who aren’t billionaires. Short of self-funding construction of a new stadium, there isn’t a single thing any of these people wouldn’t do for their teams if they wanted. None of these owners can use money as an excuse for anything their team does or doesn’t have. Rhule’s $60 million contract is pocket change for any owner. The reason Tepper is offering what other teams haven’t isn’t because he can and they can’t. It’s because the rest of them are cheap.
Glad you posted this here. I never would’ve seen it otherwise. I don’t have Apple+ or whatever it’s called, but this makes me kinda want to get it.
Maybe, just maybe, instead of making decisions based on what you think things *seem like*, we should let actual researchers actually research the issue so we can come up with something more than inane platitudes about how criminals do bad things anyway and that’s the real problem.
More like arbitrarily high. At any given time, we’re carrying several hundred rounds of ammunition.
This is true and why I don’t get upset when I end up with vouchers I don’t need, but at the same time, many of these vouchers are given as rewards for something we pay for. Outlaw Pass rewards aren’t secret, so you know what you’re paying for, but as people progress in the game, those vouchers will get less and less valuable, giving people less and less incentive to buy the passes. So if Rockstar wants people to continue buying the passes, they’ll likely need to figure out something beyond vouchers for things longtime players probably already have.
Sometimes. Tonight I logged in to see if I could skin a few pronghorn. Found a few, but there was another player killing them. Looked like he’d shot about five then just ran off, so I figured I’d wait a bit, see if he came back. He wasn’t. They were all 1 stars, so I figured he didn’t want them. Skinned a couple. He comes running back in whining about how I didn’t kill those “deer” and shoots me, then steals a 3 star whitetail I had on my horse. So tonight my “login to complete a couple dailies” became “mess with this asshole for a while then go eat dinner.”
I skinned one or two of what appeared to be several abandoned 1 star animals, and he and his posse proceeded to kill me several times while whining and talking shit. So yeah, he’s the asshole. It’s a freakin’ worthless pronghorn he left sitting there. I didn’t swoop in and start skinning the second his back was turned. He disappeared from my map. If he wanted to skin it, he had ample opportunities to do so.
I’m very curious to see who ends up recruiting St. Louis and KC for us. We had the same two guys there for 15 years before Odom changed the approach, and those two guys are gone. DJ Smith might be a good candidate to take ownership of St. Louis, though I know nothing about his recruiting prowess. He’s from and has played/coached in North Carolina almost exclusively, aside from a brief stint in the NFL. That’s not a big recruiting area for us, and Harbison can probably cover our needs there. Most of our other assistants have ties to more fertile recruiting ground, so I don’t know if it would be good to dedicate their time to new territory.
I’d be a bit of a hypocrite if I weren’t a bit apprehensive about an OL coach whose unit looked great in year 1 then took a step back in year 2. Brad Davis inherited a quality group. His first year had all five starters back, and they played really well. Major regression in year 2. I don’t know enough about the specifics for MSU’s situation, but knowing he was there for two years and the second year was worse doesn’t fill me with enthusiasm. Like the hire because I like Drinkwitz, but on paper I would understand someone not being thrilled.
I’d be content with just having a fishing-related daily every day. It used to be one of my main sources of income, but I don’t do it that much anymore. Mainly when a daily requires it or if I need some bluegill to make potent predator bait.
I don’t see Rockstar doing that. Doesn’t seem like there’s any profit for them, so the incentive isn’t there (I don’t mean that in a negative way). But a similar idea: give us stranger-specific weapon skins, items, or horses that can only be purchased with gold. Do X missions with Hamish, and it unlocks the ability to buy our own Buell for 32 gold bars or something. For The Boy, Y missions unlocks a special skin for the cattleman that we can buy for 10 gold bars. Etc. Because those missions give out gold, simply unlocking the special items will give us a portion of the gold needed to get the special item. But because stranger missions don’t give out a ton of gold, they won’t cover the full cost. So as a result, players get something new and unique and Rockstar potentially makes money on it.
Nick Bosa has a better bench, three-cone, and 60-yard shuttle than Allen at the combine. Allen has a faster 40 time, but “pretty average” doesn’t describe anything about Bosa’s physical abilities.
Not to disagree with you, but the 49ers had a combined 18 games missed for injury along the OL in the regular season, and the starting center in the playoffs is a journeyman backup with seven career starts prior to this season. Continuity never hurts on the offensive line, but it’s not a prerequisite to successfully running this scheme.
I’m not a Seahawks fan at all. I have nothing against Seattle—love the city, I have family there, and I grew up as a So I’ve fan—but my NFL team has been the 49ers since I was a little kid, so I naturally don’t enjoy Seahawks success. But Marshawn Lynch is fucking awesome. I don’t know how anyone can root against that guy. If every professional athlete were like him, sports would be a lot more fun than they already are.
And presumably there are many whose long-term goals include a run at the White House. Smart politicians have to know that a 2024 or 2028 run on the Republican ticket will be difficult for those who fully embraced Trump. I’m not convinced there are many smart Republicans in the senate, though I think there are at least a handful with the ability to understand they won’t want “Trump defender” on their resume forever.
Extremely well put. In conversations like this, I often find myself thinking back to EverQuest, which was my first real online gaming experience and remains my favorite by a wide margin. Nothing I’ve played since can come close to the depth of content and feeling of immersion. But it also cost like $10/month to play. Would RDO have the player base it does if we had to pay $15/month just to get online? Probably not. But I’m pretty damn sure the experience would feel a lot different. If every user were paying a monthly fee just to access the game, things like animal spawns would be fixed ASAP, or else people would just let subscriptions lapse until the problem was fixed.
This is it. A lot of people see three speed bars va. seven and assume that means the seven-bar horse is more than twice as fast. Not the case at all. Testing I’ve seen online suggests the difference is like 15 seconds on a fairly long run. If those few seconds are really important to you, it’s probably faster to buy a cheap horse you like and just fast travel long distances, not try to run.
I have a rank 20 for each role, a turkoman, and an American standardbred, which is my favorite, too, for general stuff. I tend to go for expensive role horses mainly because I like the health benefits (and two were purchased before I realized speed stats don’t matter). For probably half of the game, the horse you choose is pretty much an aesthetic decision. For most of the rest, the only real “stat” that matters is bravery, which we can’t see anyway.
Last night I murdered some poor soul and stole a buffalo they were about to skin. It was the buffalo that spawned in for my resupply mission. I felt a little bad, but I needed the materials that sometimes come with supplies.
I didn’t watch the debate this time so can’t respond regarding specific questions, but generally speaking I don’t mind this sort of thing. These are questions any candidate will have to answer eventually. By now they’ve all had ample opportunity to explain their policies and positions. A debate that puts them on the defensive gives us a chance to see how each candidate will respond to the inevitable attacks from the center and the right. Tat can be just as valuable as knowing what policies they’ll propose.
Missouri State is such a garbage program, so this makes sense. They haven’t been to the postseason since 1990, and they’ve had like three winning seasons since then. Meanwhile, they watch Northwest Missouri State win titles left and right in DII and watch conference opponent ND State do the same at the FCS level. The talent exists to win in this state and at their level, but they’ve been completely inept. They’re understandably desperate, but this probably isn’t going to work out well for them.
Missouri Gatorade POY this year, Isaiah Davis, is from Joplin. He’s going to South Dakota State. That’s the kind of kid who should be a Missouri State lock.
With so many services offering monthly subscriptions, I’d be curious to see more games try that approach again. We’ve all pretty much adjusted to the idea of paying a monthly fee to listen to music instead of buying physical CDs. Even those of us who don’t have things like Spotify at least generally accept that they’re normal.
You can turn them off by going into defensive mode, where you aren’t alerted in the same way. (You might get some kind of “leave defensive mode to get notifications” alert or something, which I think I’ve seen, but nothing more.) I ran into my first mission like that last night in a long time. Level 16 guy doing a stranger mission. It had been so long that I didn’t even know what was happening. I rode up, tried to emote, and accidentally pointed my rifle at him. He killed me immediately, then once more for good measure. Good on him. Low-rank player still toiling away on stranger missions has every right to take out potential threats, especially dumbasses who point a rifle at them. I do wish there were a way (without voice chat) to communicate intent better.
He could be the quintessential top pick who doesn’t meet expectations the leaves in free agency and is suddenly really good. A change of scenery and scheme might do him some good. Not that I’m hoping for that—I’d rather he’s successful in SF—but I could see it playing out that way.
I’m very much *not* in favor of banning breeding. It can be messed up, but only when done by people who don’t care about animals. I do think people should be required to register their dogs (and cats) and pay an annual fee or tax to keep them intact, regardless of breed. If you wanna breed, you’re gonna have to pay to do so. Could even use that fee to subsidize registration and spay/neuter costs for those who need it. Failure to register should carry a fine, and subsequent failures lead to forfeiture. This would do so much for animal welfare IMO.
A big art of it IMO is that a lot of his production isn’t super flashy. He was the McDonald’s game MVP mostly on putbacks and layups. Even though he can do things like dunk from the free throw line, his best skill is just finding a way to get the ball in the basket, and that often means a bunch of layups like in this highlight. Two points is two points, and he is great at converting awkward-looking layups, but those don’t make highlight reels and draw a bunch of attention. I fully expect him to force people to pay attention in time, though.
None worked for me ever. Then I moved, started sharing my landlord’s shitty WiFi to save money for a bit, and suddenly find it very easy to get into solo lobbies. I don’t know if it’s related to network speed or the specific way they have the network set up, but whatever it is, it made a big difference. (Their internet sucks for streaming video, though, so I’ll probably have to get my own eventually and lose the solo lobbies again.)
Gun control has been a pretty significant part of the democratic platform for longer than Bloomberg has even been a democrat.
You’re attributing the push to ban assault weapons to Bloomberg. That is 100% coming from your ass. The Federal Assault Weapons Ban was passed in 1994. This is not remotely new.
Not the main point of this post, but this article isn’t much more than a typical reddit thread with a byline attached. There is no reporting at all. There’s not even a thorough and accurate accounting of his own experiences. Just a casual description of what he roughly remembers experiencing himself and an assumption that it’s gotta be worse for others. If you want the media to force Rockstar’s hand, we’re gonna need much more than a blog post about the things a casual player experiences himself. Not trying to shit on the guy’s experiences—I’ve experienced similar to each point, albeit less frequently—but this kind of work doesn’t move the needle one bit for a company Rockstar’s size. Real reporting on this might make a difference, but this ain’t it.
I’m sure it’ll get a lot of clicks. It shows up at the top of Google’s search results for “Red Dead Online bugs,” which is a major traffic driver for publications like PC Gamer. The problem, though, is that the people searching for that already know the bugs exist. This story doesn’t really have anything new. In truth, this article is a good example of modern clickbait—an easy story to write to capitalize on search trends and capture SEO clicks. It helps the PC Gamer bottom line and makes that writer’s traffic numbers look good, but it doesn’t actually do much to inform the enthusiast audience or push the companies covered to change. About all we really gain from this as players is confirmation that others outside this community are searching for the same info. It won’t really lead anywhere more than this unless people demand real coverage of the issue.
I like these types of comments because they always reveal who has or hasn’t actually been to California.
The emulation of real life is what I love about RDR2, and I wish the online mode was closer to the story mode in that regard. They adjusted movement and things like looting bodies and reloading weapons so it was all quicker, which I don’t love.
They’re a bit of an odd family (as any family with a billion kids all home-schooled will be to a degree), but they’re solid people through and through.
I’ve had this happen a few times in the past week. First stop is always the cougar spawn in Tall Trees, where I can fill up my hunting wagon with perfect cougars in about 20-30 minutes. Then I save the wagon for the inevitable day when I’m stuck in full lobbies and need materials for Cripps. I *really* wish Rockstar would just add a solo lobby mode. Not full time, but at least let us talk to Cripps and start a “hunting trip” mission or something, where we spawn into a solo session akin to legendary bounties and have like 20-30 minutes to ourselves before the lobby starts to fill up. They won’t do it because it will underscore how flawed the game is, but it would be a huge improvement.
That’s the sort of horse trading that used to be common to get things done. I’m watching The West Wing now for the first time, and it’s almost quaint how they have their partisan disagreements then come to a compromise by making concessions on different things. That doesn’t work with modern politics. The only way to get anything from the GOP is to beat the GOP. The left has already compromised too much, to the point that Republicans are now simply happy to obstruct until they can have everything without any compromises at all. Obama rose to prominence right after the GOP seemed to make this shift. Biden inexplicably, in eight years working for Obama as VP and now nearly four watching Trump, never seemed to pick up on this. Klobuchar and Buttigieg also seem to hold onto old-fashioned ideas of working together to varying degrees, but that’s more due to legitimate moderate views IMO, not a delusional belief that old-school compromise will still work. Biden is the only candidate left who seems to not fully grasp how averse to cooperation the modern GOP is. And he’s the one who should know better than any of them.
And underscores that we all have a part to play. Some of us march and protest. Some of us run for office. Some of us make our biggest differences by simply living everyday lives as a model for others. Every single one of us is capable of contributing to make the world a better place, even if we seemingly aren’t on the front lines.
They even implemented the drop/throw option for carcasses and bodies at the same time. Could’ve just made it a tap/hold situation for some of the other animations so we had the option of the quick or elaborate one.
Not your point, but what stands out to me is the compendium. I want access to that online. I want to see which animals I’ve tracked and killed. I want to be able to study them. I want my online character to sketch.
If the only place your political views are accepted is 4chan, you’re probably the problem.
No translation is needed. The actual context makes it very obvious she’s referring to Sanders’ reputation in DC.
&gt; It’s clear that’s what she was talking about, no idea why everyone is running away acting like she meant average Americans. People are running away with it because it’s Hillary who said it, and she said it about Bernie. It’s emblematic of why she lost to Trump in the first place. So many people don’t like her, and they’re ready to assume the worst. She’s been attacked (justifiably at times, not so at others) for 30 years, and people are typically ready to believe whatever a headline tells them to believe if it puts her in a negative light.
Double-action is better. (Not really, but with tier 3 gunslinger’s choice and winning streak, they’re pretty damn good for being the “worst” revolver.)
I’ve done the same except with cougars. If I get into a solo lobby or notice the player count fall below 18, I immediately head to my cougar hunting spot. I can usually get a full wagon of three-star cougars within 20-30 minutes in a solo lobby. Really helpful to have those saved up.
The dark bay turk, to me, is one of the two or three prettiest horses in the game. It’s been my primary horse for a long time. Others: Rank 20 for each role, buckskin American standardbred (also one of the prettiest horses), and a mustang. I use them all, but Gaspard, my Turkoman, remains my favorite.
My theory on horse skittishness is that it’s kinda random, or it depends on a variety of factors we don’t see. Which I would kinda love. Each individual horse should have somewhat of an individual personality. I’d love it even more if it weren’t random, though. Like I want to go to a stable and find a dirt-cheap turkoman that has the same speed as others but is a complete wuss. Or an expensive Kentucky saddler that is really brave. Or a cheap fast horse with a reputation of being an asshole, and it kicks you half the time you try to mount up but is brave once you get going. I have the same turkoman as you. Pretty much never bucks me off.
All I know is I saw someone do it on YouTube, and I get the spawn every time. I haven’t tried it without the bait because I kinda like the immersion aspect. (Sometimes I even use eagle eye and sneak up to the spawn point from a direction where my scent is blowing away from the bait, just for fun.) I’ve been hunting this cougar spot for basically the entire time I’ve been playing online (since June), but only recently started farming it hard. So I haven’t tested all variables and just stuck with the routine I know gets me results. Lack of animal spawns post-moonshiner has made it a necessity.
That works, too, especially in a solo session, but there’s more player and animal traffic there, so I find that spot harder to reliably farm.
Part of me wonders if they have no thought of actually winning and just figured the best way to spend their personal fortunes to beat Trump is to “run” so they can spend on anti-Trump ads. Harder to ignore their message as candidates vs. a vague billionaire-funded super pac in the primaries.
I don’t think it’s down to just two by then. Warren, Buttigieg, and maybe even Klobuchar are polling well enough right now in early states that at least a couple will likely stay in through March 3. Could easily become a two-horse race after that, but I could see Buttigieg and Warren staying in a while.
I don’t think either Warren or Buttigieg will drop off for poor showings in those states unless they’re *unexpectedly* poor. If they’re going to bail after poor showings in those primaries, they might as well bail now.
You know who *was* one of us? Claire McCaskill. She attended public schools her entire childhood then got two degrees from Mizzou, a public university. She then spent pretty much her entire adult life in the public sector. Whether you liked her politics or hated them, she was a Missourian through and through. Hawley is an elite carpetbagger who did not come back to Missouri to represent everyday Missourians, and I’m ashamed my home state bought into his schtick.
Agree on guns. I barely customize most of mine for that very reason. I can barely tell the difference unless I’m cleaning them. Only ones I’ve bothered to engrave are my revolvers. Only other aesthetic changes I make are to the varnish.
Crossbows really don’t fit this game.
Relying on race- or ethnicity-based caricatures for content is a bad idea.
Rancher role: 1. Give players a choice of a few ranch locations. Entering your ranch creates an instance like the moonshiner shack, except instead of a small cabin, it has an indoor area (that we can decorate) and an outdoor area (where we have, among other things, a corral and stable where all our horses live). 2. Except not really an instance. It’s really just a solo lobby. It stays a solo lobby as long as you’re on your ranch. When you leave your ranch, rather than loading back into the same free-roam session you were in before, you stay in the solo session. This session then starts populating with new players in, say, 15 minutes. Basically, treat it like a compromise between the existing system and the desire for private lobbies. It’s not a true private lobby, but it does give you a temporary solo session without bugs. This allows a little time to hunt before animal spawns break, or gives you a little solitude to just ride around on one of your horses you picked up at the ranch, or whatever else you wanna do. All the missions and whatever, I don’t really care about. But it would be really nice to see my horses wandering around a corral together and then being able to seamlessly ride off into a solo session and enjoy the rest of the game. I think it would be pretty cool to also be able to breed and raise horses, but I’m not sure how that would work exactly.
Because they actually didn’t use crossbows all that much. I don’t know how the distance compares, but an actual crossbow fire rate is slower than a regular bow.
You have an actual source for this? Because it all seems like BS to me.
&gt; In the seventeenth century, the crossbow almost disappeared but was still used by beekeepers because they had hives in the woods and had to use their crossbows against bears. Sporting crossbows also survived and were used as weapons for hunting in Europe up until the eighteenth century. AKA it was a niche weapon that was relegated to obscurity a couple centuries before the game takes place. It pretty much didn’t exist at the turn of the 20th century in the American west.
“I can buy one at Walmart” is perhaps the funniest defense I’ve ever seen for adding nonsense to the game. Crossbows were ancient technology by 1898. There’s no reason for them to exist in the game, just like there was zero reason for anyone in 1898 to use one. The only reason a regular bow exists at all in the game is because American Indians traditionally used them, but they’d trade their bow for a gun any time they had a chance.
Doesn’t really matter what you *think* American Indians would do because history has a pretty definitive set of facts: When given the opportunity, they opted for the guns. See, for example, the Battle of Little Bighorn about 20 years before Red Dead takes place. The Lakota and other tribes won that battle in part because they had superior guns (repeating rifles vs. single-shot Springfields). The only fighters using bows there were the ones who couldn’t get their hands on a gun. And speaking of history, again … crossbows simply weren’t a weapon people had any reason to use in this country at that time. It was inferior to alternative weapons in virtually every way, and thus no one used them. Did they technically exist? Sure, there were probably a few. I never said otherwise. But using a crossbow would’ve been the equivalent of delivering mail today via Pony Express. Edit: lol. That user sent this private message then deleted their account: “Get cancer and die out please before you reproduce you ignorant trump supporting lackluster waste of space☺” What a damn child. If that’s their response to finding out crossbows weren’t popular in 1898, I’d hate to see how they handle life in 2020.
It’s been less than 13 months since Warren announced an exploratory and less than a year since she officially declared. She was the first to do so among serious contenders. Even if you were to include every day up to the general election, it wouldn’t be two years. The sideshow you’re referring to is the normal democratic process.
I’m not at that point and don’t know if I ever will, but I have gone from playing several hours a day to often just doing dailies (and often logging in right before they reset so I can just get two days out of the way at the same time). Seemingly every issue I have with this game goes away when lobbies are smaller. If Rockstar would just limit lobbies to 15 players, this game would be so much better.
I hate that guy. We hired him as a sort of panic move after our new DL coach bailed after a couple weeks for an NFL job (good for him; he now has a Super Bowl ring), and Shipp was terrible. Ended up getting fired after allegedly having an altercation with a player at the end of his only season here.
I’d gladly pay off my loan. In fact, I’ve made significant progress on that front. But I’m still probably a decade away from paying it off. Meanwhile, that’s tens of thousands of dollars that doesn’t circulate in TE local economy. Or tens of thousands I can’t save to put a down payment on a home. Or tens of thousands I can’t save so I’m financially secure enough to have a family of my own. Meanwhile, a lot of these same people have no problem with the government buying a shitload of tanks the military doesn’t even want because those contracts give people jobs. They barely made a squeak when the auto industry or banking industry or farmers needed bailouts. They certainly didn’t care that Trump used tax loopholes to bail himself out every time he failed. But god forbid a generation crippled with debt in an economy of stagnant middle class wages suggests some relief might be a good thing. It’s not even that we were misled. I don’t think anything about my loans was predatory. I was fully aware of the terms when I signed, and I knew I would have to pay them off over a decade or more. What I didn’t know, though, was that I’d be entering the job market right as the economy shit the bed. Many of us are in a hole that will take a decade or more to dig ourselves out of.
Or 10 walk away and 13 flip. Realistically, Trump isn’t being removed from office. Too many cowards in the Senate. But my real pie in the sky dream is that there are a dozen or so who won’t take much convincing to flip once they realize they won’t be alone, then another handful who take a little more convincing but are swayed when they see how close it becomes.
Very true. I hope republican senators are aware of the tight rope they’re walking.
I find the Lancaster is a bit more effective for me personally, but the Evans sounds cool. Lancaster is my primary repeater, but I’ll grab my Evans occasionally.
Frivolous impeachments happen to most presidents. They never actually go anywhere because Congress is typically at least smart enough not to go down that rabbit hole unless they have to. For that to change for the next president, Republicans would have to simultaneously lose the presidential race and pick up a bunch of seats in the house. Seems highly unlikely.
Assuming you’re just starting and have nothing, a decent way to make money early is actually fishing, once you’re a high enough rank to buy the fishing pole and lures. You can make a pretty solid $100/hr or more of you push it (more with expanded satchels, but you’ll have to rank up roles for that). It’s not going to get you rich, but it will put some money in your pocket while you save up gold for other stuff. It’s better money than stranger missions in my experience. Not super fun for everyone, though. For my first five months or so with the game, fishing provided a huge percentage of my income. Hunting covered the rest, but that doesn’t really work at the moment. I would ignore trader until Rockstar addresses animal spawns. It’s just not worth the investment when a key part of the role doesn’t work.
No, it isn’t griefing. It’s part of the game. Sounds like you were probably prompted to interrupt a stranger mission, so at most those other people had probably spent 10 minutes on the mission, not grinding for hours. And just like it alerted you, it alerted them that other players could attack. So you’re totally in the clear.
I appreciate that you post the daily info without using it as an opportunity to beg for cash. Thanks.
I’m guessing they’ll give people vouchers, not just guns in their lockbox. From the pause menu (or whatever you call it in online—it’s not pause technically), go to “Benefits.” Should show you’re vouchers there. If you have ones for those guns, you’ll probably have to redeem them at the gun smith or in your catalogue. Basically, go to buy the weapon, then there’s a button to redeem reward.
I stopped reading when I got to the part about using poison on black people so you could sell them into slavery. No thanks.
Republicans would have every bit of that and more with Pence in office. Or Jeb Bush. Or John Kasich. Or pretty much any other republican. Republicans didn’t need Trump for any of that. They had eight years of it with W already.
Slavery shouldn’t be in the game at all.
Last night I had a guy and his friend (both rank 17) kill me (150) while I was trying to find a collectable in Valentine. Then they killed me again. Then twice more. Each time I simply walked back toward where the collectable was, no weapon drawn. Didn’t parlay because I like to keep my options open. Eventually got fed up, took a minty big game and started spamming tonics, and killed the two of them about a dozen or so times. They very quickly started wondering about potential hacks because they couldn’t kill me when I actually defended myself. I eventually sent a message explaining it was simply tonics and gold cores. I then got bored, went to the post office and went afk for a bit, then came back. They were still at it in Valentine with other players. I walked out, pulled out a gun just in case, and saw one running up to me. I aimed but didn’t shoot. As soon as he got close enough to see it was me: “Nah, I’m not messing with this one” on the mic. Felt good to *finally* get the better of these GTA-bred newbs who think the entire map is a war zone. I usually suck at anything PVP-related. To their credit, they at least didn’t whine and cry too much and left me alone after the initial slaughter. (I did hear a couple f****t type slurs when I pressed charges without a parlay to start, though.)
He’s *beloved* by racist bullies. He’s tolerated by the rich and the single-issue abortion voters, who will blindly support any republican who will cut their taxes and/or pretend to care about fetuses. Less than a year from now, those two groups will be well explaining how troubling they found Trump. A few years later, many will have forgotten who supported whom, and everyone in the GOP will swear up and down that they were a never Trumper. But we have receipts. They enabled this shitshow. We need to make sure we do not allow America to forget. 2020 is (hopefully) the culmination of a generation of Republican politics, policy, and propaganda. They’re all complicit. And they all need to be held accountable.
Elite players are going to the NFL regardless of where they play in college. The idea that a top recruit needs Clemson to make it to the next level is absurd.
Where are you getting that? All that seems to mean is that Congress will serve as the legislative body for the capital city and other federal land purchased. Doesn’t have anything to do with authority over troops.
So interview him and write a story that puts his opinions in the proper context. Publishing his op-ed does not simply put his ideas out there for discussion. He’d already done that. What publishing does is legitimize it. The paper’s views are clearly established in the decision to publish: These are ideas we should be debating. Which is absurd. We should not be debating whether to use military force against civilians. We should be highlighting and criticizing that position, which is not done via an op-ed by the asshole expressing the ideas in the first place.
This is, once again, incorrect. If his views aren’t news, then they don’t belong in an op-ed section, either. If his ideas somehow aren’t news but deserve to be discussed anyway, then solicit an op-ed discussing them. He should not have been given a platform. It’s an irresponsible way to have that discussion, especially when done by an editor who doesn’t even read the piece.
This shit makes me so upset.
I don’t know what that is, but I bet it’s a school with a lot of graduates who swear they don’t have any white privilege.
Yesterday on Twitter I saw many journalists debating the merits of journalism school. What educational path would you recommend for young people aspiring to get into journalism?
This is a common (often intentional) misrepresentation of what he said. Yes, he said he had "no empathy" for millennials ... but he said that in the context of young people who complain about how hard their lives are but do nothing to change it. He was contrasting that with what he experienced when he was the same age (civil rights, Vietnam, etc). His point was not (clearly was not) that millennials are whiny and things aren't bad. His point was that change requires action, which his generation did. He has no empathy for young people who *complain but do nothing.* And what we're seeing, finally, is the people truly pushing to do something.
Go ahead and try to change the subject because you can't defend your initial claim. Yes, he told some rich potential donors that nothing would fundamentally change. That's irrelevant to the point you previously tried to make. It isn't gaslighting to point out the truth. You're providing misleading context (or zero context at all) to promote a false idea.
And I respect all that. But the person you were canvassing for has made it pretty clear that Biden is the best option we have right now. I'm no huge fan of his—he just said a few days ago to train cops to shoot unarmed people in the leg instead of the heart!—but he's a hell of a lot better than any realistic alternative right now. Yes, politicians like him helped build the system we have today, but with him as president and progressive politicians in Congress, we can still make real change happen. And again, his point (and mine) was not a comparison of the two eras. The '60s and today both are filled with fucked-up stuff. His point—inartfully expressed, as he routinely does—was that he doesn't have empathy for people who complain but do not take action. I don't even agree with that point. It puts all of the responsibility on the victims to fix a problem not of their own creation. But it's still significantly different than saying he just flat-out has no sympathy for what millennials deal with.
Per-pupil spending in the US is like $12,000 per year. Just to attend Deerfield, it costs four times that much (five if you board at the school). And on top of that, they have an endowment that could sustain the school for decades with zero new income. Elite private schools with endowments greater than the entire education budget for major American cities create inequality. It's an unnecessary hoarding of resources that serves no purpose but to perpetuate the status quo and hold people back. A place like Deerfield could use its substantial wealth to serve thousands more every year. They choose not to. Why? Your answer to that is why it upsets me.
Why is it a school’s job to educate more kids? … because they’re a school? A high school doesn’t need half a billion endowment to educate a relatively small student body.
So many real media personalities are in the game in the stupid fake social media section that no one ever clicks on, yet the reporter in the game that people actually get notifications for is a fake person.
To be historically accurate, fuck the Confederacy and all who stood with them. The governor was pro-Confederate … secretly. He ran on a campaign against secession, only to plot in private for Missouri to join the Confederacy. He was ousted not by a pro-Union militia but by the majority of the elected state government, which opposed leaving the Union. The majority of Missourians, both in politics and among the public at large (3-4 times as many fought for the North) opposed joining the Confederacy.
Museums and history books educate. Statues and place names honor. If the goal is to learn about and from our past, the way to do that is to remove monuments and change names while also ensuring all Americans receive a quality education.
I don’t even know what school that logo is for
The only way this is good is if we beat them by 70.
History lives on with or without statues. We have books and museums to preserve the past. Statues are less about education than they are memorializing, so IMO any statue honoring people with abhorrent views is fair game for removal. I’m glad Jefferson will stay, though, because his historical significance outweighs his negatives to me, and removing monuments to founding fathers is a good way to lose the support of people in the middle of the road.
Mount Rushmore shouldn’t exist in the first place.
Wouldn’t surprise me if all of Rockstar’s energy is now dedicated toward PS5 and trying to monetize a re-release. Rockstar allowed players to port their GTA characters with the new generation, so I assume the same would be true for RDO. But maybe they’ll do something like say all purchased gold carries over but gold earned in game won’t, so it’ll be a sort of gold reset. I’d lose like 350 gold bars that way, but honestly I wouldn’t even be mad if it made Rockstar focus on the game again.
“We have Red Dead Redemption II at home.”
Disregard the past two months then. Trump has still was on pace to add something in the neighborhood of $4 trillion to the national debt and did so while the economy was relatively strong.
Google says 4.85, which is still insane. And he was probably the strongest player in NFL history, too. Everything about his life is so astounding. So many ways his life could’ve taken a sharp turn, yet he still became arguably the best interior OL in NFL history.
2000 was a much simpler time. I still couldn’t see Rage endorsing Biden, but I also doubt they’d push for a third party in 2020.
I don’t know how representative I am of anyone but myself, but I’ve never made a donation to a political candidate, and I will donate to a Biden/Warren ticket.
He lost a considerable amount of speed after having both knees rebuilt. They didn’t quite have the surgery down. His success despite those injuries is more of a testament to his overall talent and work ethic. Most players in his situation never would have made it.
But they’re quick to claim Lincoln
I’d argue it was a bad business decision back then, though. If a business decision at all. The NFL would not have lost money of Kaepernick played. None of the people crying were fans that mattered, and most didn’t even really care about the kneeling. Which you know because they barely made a peep about other players who regularly took a knee during the anthem. IMO a big part of it was asshole owners who didn’t like a player who would so openly speak his mind. They didn’t care about the money. They cared about control. Kaepernick challenged the control owners felt they deserved, and as a result he was left without a job.
Kamala Harris as VP wouldn't drive Black voters to Trump. Certainly not "a large portion." She's problematic to some people, but she's still not remotely close to Trump on this (or any) issue. Harris joined BLM protesters in the streets. Trump hid in a bunker then shot tear gas at them.
100% on vastly preferring Warren. I don't think it's at all fair to compare Harris to Klobuchar, though. Klobuchar literally had a chance to prosecute Derek Chauvin in a use-of-force case, and she chose not to. Her chances at VP basically dropped to zero when that came out.
I don't even know what to say to someone who chooses to sit on their hands in the 2020 election because the VP isn't exciting enough. If what we've seen for the past four years aren't enough to motivate people to vote, nothing ever will be.
More of the same of what, though? A Biden/Harris ticket probably wouldn’t provide great leadership on all progressive causes. But they’ll be receptive to progressive legislation passed through Congress. That’s something so many people consistently overlook. Presidents have a lot of influence, but they don’t write and pass laws. If Biden/Harris isn’t enough for you, vote for them anyway, and also vote for more progressive candidates in the Senate and your House district. Vote for progressive local politicians to prime the next generation of progressive leadership on the national level. All elections matter. Sitting out one because it doesn’t match your ideal is just stupid, because your ideal will never happen when you stay at home.
Totally. The problem with that approach is that almost every time, the GOP candidate just points to Pelosi or some other villain to the right and says the moderate Dem will side with those people. Which is actually usually true. A moderate Democrat in Congress rarely has the ability to single-handedly undercut more liberal leadership. So by running those moderate Democrats, all those states do is ensure unenthusiastic support from the left. They're not going to lure GOP voters because those GOP voters are savvy* enough to know what a moderate Democrat can/will do. Running a true progressive also won't siphon off GOP loyalists. But it will energize the left in those districts/states and can help build wider support for Democratic policies. This approach will often not result in wins on election day, but consistently running high-quality progressive candidates forces people to continually have these conversations, and eventually, people will start to figure out who really fights for them. *I wouldn't call someone who votes GOP "savvy" in a vacuum. They're being lied to and taken advantage of left and right as the GOP uses culture wars to dupe millions into supporting a platform that is essentially about increasing wealth inequality. I mean "savvy" in the sense that they are aware enough to know Democrats will vote with Democrats most of the time, so if they don't like Pelosi, Obama, etc, then they shouldn't vote for someone who will largely further their causes.
The fact that Kander came so close when Trump won the state by a wide margin gives me hope for Missouri. But the fact that Trump won by a wide margin (and currently leads in 2020 polling) erases much of that hope.
I don't think the Tillman family is a fan of that one. "That guy's a piece of ..." per his brother. I don't know if that was regarding the accuracy of the details or simply the fact that Krakauer used Tillman's death to sell books and make money, though.
Kaepernick was beat by Gabbert to start the season (Chip Kelly's first and only in SF), after Kap had three offseason surgeries and lost a ton of weight as a result. And then, after five games, Gabbert was benched in favor of Kap, who outplayed BG by a significant margin. Kaepernick was benched in 2015 for Gabbert (by noted QB guru Jim Tomsula). He was also injured that year. Gabbert is a worse player, and everyone at the time knew it. Yet Gabbert is still in the NFL.
The team’s top receivers were Jeremy Kerley and Quinton Patton. The defense was the worst in the NFL, featuring such prominent names as Nick Bellore, Gerald Hodges, Eli Harold, and Quinton Dial I’m starting roles. I don’t know why you insist on pinning the blame on a QB when the entire team was terrible, led by an awful head coach. Few quarterbacks would’ve had any success with a defense that bad and an offense that devoid of weapons run by a gimmick head coach who quickly was run out of SF.
The 49ers were a middle of the pack passing team in 2014 in most per-play categories, running an offense that passed less frequently than almost every other team in the NFL. Harbaugh’s entire offense was built around running the ball and clock management, backed by a great defense. No one has suggested Kaepernick was an all-pro player. He was, however, far from the worst starting quarterback in the NFL. You compared him directly to Gabbert, who is a worse player by every metric yet is still in the league. Every year, the NFL features several terrible starting quarterbacks, many of whom already have established track records of being very bad at their jobs. The idea that he played himself out of the NFL is stupid.
Success is part of failing upward. The Ringer being valuable doesn't refute the idea that Simmons failed upward to get there.
BS has some blind spots, as most people do. He's also in a position to educate himself and improve on those flaws better than most people. Often, it seems like he's failed to do the work. I've been a fan of his for years, but I really wish he showed more growth in these regards.
&gt; black representation, at high levels of the organization. This is something I see a lot of people here overlooking. That latter half is important. Diversity isn't just employing a more or less representative sampling of minority voices at lower levels. This is, of course, not a problem unique to The Ringer or Bill Simmons.
I don't agree with Magary that BS failed upward, but I also think your characterization of his accomplishments is a bit exaggerated. I'd argue that a huge part of Simmons' success (with The Ringer, with Grantland, and with ESPN before Grantland) is largely luck. He was an early adopter of the podcast medium, and that medium has exploded in popularity. His podcasts are often quite good, but there's nothing groundbreaking about them. His huge audience was largely built before anyone else really took podcasts seriously. Had he come up a decade earlier or a decade later, I really doubt anyone would be talking about a $200 million Spotify deal. That's very different than "failing upward," but I do think it's wrong to act as if everything he touches turns to gold (which many people seem to believe). Grantland was very good. The Ringer is also often very good. And many of the good things about those websites have little to do with him.
Yeah, how about no? $50k is not that much, especially in LA. If you take 10% more out of a $50k worker’s paycheck, you might put them out of their home as a result. The solution to this (and almost every other financial issue) is not to impose new taxes on lower-middle-class people. If more tax revenue is needed, start with the people earning well above that figure. There are plenty of people in LA who fit that category.
Those people with (very) modest increases in savings are still at risk of losing their jobs as the economy continues to spin. What you’re proposing risks putting everyone in the working class in a tenuous situation, using the meager safety net some have built to put less fortunate people just above the edge of disaster. Tax the people who actually have wealth, not people just barely comfortable.
And he wants his corners.
I've been a longtime BS/Grantland/Ringer fan but never really visited this sub until yesterday. I was floored to see what it was. Not that racism surprises me anymore, but the prevalence of it seemed unexpectedly high.
I am also an editor. I'd argue that if you're willing to put in the time, it's quite possible to make a bunch of writers sound the same. But a good editor would rarely want to do that. My publication has an occasional story written by a "writer" who is actually a fictitious amalgam of multiple people, so I need to make it sound the same each time. This requires removing personal style and creating a uniform voice. If I wanted to, I could do that for everything we publish. It's not really difficult IMO. Just time-consuming, and doing that would be pointless and dumb.
The angle is it's a topic people are talking about right now and he has insight, so he's sharing it. Journalists don't write things because they "gain" from doing so. Their job is to share information that sheds light on important or newsworthy topics, and right now, Bill Simmons is newsworthy in the realm of media coverage.
I don't buy it. You're talking about a massive, nationwide conspiracy kept under wraps by a bunch of teenagers, and teenagers are idiots. I 100% believe a lot of people do it. But I also believe, without a doubt, that many, if not most, do not. I'm 5-10 and generally weigh about 165 with somewhere around 20% body fat. I do not work out and never really have for any consistent amount of time. When I hit 30, I joined a gym, worked out with a personal trainer a few times, then kept up what my trainer had me doing for a few months. At the end of those few months, where I mostly half-assed my workouts and did nothing but eat slightly healthier and drink protein shakes, I'd put on 15 pounds. Really would not have been a stretch at all to get to 190 and lean. And that's at 30, well past whatever meager physical peak I might've had. Someone with good genetics (i.e. not me) could absolutely be 5-10, 210 and lean at 20 years old with consistent work from a personal trainer. It doesn't require hormones. Do some people do it? Absolutely. Does it help? Of course. Is it unnatural for someone to be in that kind of shape without it? Not remotely. That's an absurd take.
He hired Charles, who was a terrible fit. He didn't even know Andy was gone for three months, which an attentive manager would know. When he learned that Andy had been gone for three months (and that the branch had been highly successful without him there), he kept Andy on, which was an asinine move for a leader to make. At no point did he actively make anyone better at their jobs. He's the poster-child for do-nothing mediocre management IMO.
&gt; I would summarize that premise as follows: the Baltimore Drug Game attracts some of the best and brightest minds in the black community because it is the best, in fact, the only viable option for them to survive. Daniels has a law degree, earned while working a demanding full-time job. So the idea that selling drugs is the only viable path for Black Baltimore residents is absolutely false in the context of the show. Plenty of other characters show this, as well. Stringer, meanwhile, has taken a few community college classes, has millions of dollars he could do anything with, and ends up dead for some fucked up schemes. Jemele is right. He is not particularly intelligent relative to some others in the show, he is arrogant about his intelligence because he compares himself to high school drop-outs, not people of real accomplishments, and he fails at nearly everything he tries to do that isn’t profiting off drug sales. Further, the idea that Jemele Hill doesn’t get the nuance of The Wire is absurd. She grew up in Detroit as it crumbled. Her father was a heroin addict. You think she doesn’t understand a show about the urban drug game. This show gives a sliver of a glimpse into the lives many in this country actually lived. And she is one of them.
I wouldn’t so readily believe the asymptomatic number, either. People who work in meat processing plants are often not people who can afford to miss work for two weeks. They might have a few sick days they can use, but probably not enough for dealing with coronavirus. So a lot of those “asymptomatic” people very well could have had symptoms they just weren’t admitting to. Also, we can probably assume many of the 80 who tested positive on their own were symptomatic, which is why they sought out a test independently in the first place. Tyson claiming 249/292 were asymptomatic is a way for them to goose the stats so it doesn’t look like they had 123 symptomatic people still working, which speaks pretty poorly for how well they take care of employees.
It's also a challenge getting kindergarteners not to eat glue. I'm sure it will be difficult, especially at the start, but it's also an opportunity to teach those children about hygiene and responsibility. Children in Asian countries where masks are more common seem to figure it out. No reason our kids can't, either.
CPS is offering both in-person (with a mask) and online instruction. If a student purposely "forgets" a mask, they won't get out of school. They'll get out of in-person instruction.
