Or Law &amp; Order
&gt;Maybe her tax rate is through the roof and she loses half of it anyway $10 million a year for doing literally no work is a *shit ton* of money. That's $10 mil in royalties plus interest on every $10 million earned in the previous years.
&gt;She probably gets more exposure on the adverts than she does in any of her recent movies. It helps her stay relevant to new generations etc. No, she definitely gets more exposure on movies.
No, you have to really try to overspend to blow that of steady and massive cash flow
Man, is a lightbox all you need to farm karma around here?
Do.. Do you think he ate them?
At that age, its darwinism.
This is the sequel to Chappie, isn't it
That's not space based at all.
They clearly hinted at a fungoid gargant. And Troggoths are going to be part of the army. Did anyone bother to actually read the release?
Watching babies flung out the window with the bathwater has at no point caused the EU to pause and think "maybe we should create better policies"
Film reroll did this (GURPS)
Unless you need to.
Once you get inti the US pacific northwest and the cities start getting named for native American names, it starts sounding very similar. Like Tillamook
&gt;Doug Jones won despite being pro-choice in Alabama. Stop referring to Doug Jones, god damnit. "Legitimate rape" is fucking nothing compared to what cost Roy Moore the election and then *only barely*. Jones is going to lose his seat, period, next election
I mean they are nice figures, but not that nice. They are probably right at the acceptable price point for the size, articulation, and lack of having to license something
Maybe Godfather 2 and 3. Everyone is just criminals in the first one.
I'm surprised they haven't done more with Automata
No, see, it's not illegal because the police aren't tapping us, they are just getting all the information from the third party we are freely sharing it with. Totally constitutional, bro
So are you disagreeing with yourself now or admitting you don't know what we are talking about
That.. Is not the problem
Who needs to? A primary field that size will cannibalize itself. Then when the general starts, recycle all the hardwork of the primary opposition research
&gt;and meet other kids with similar interests from all over the world. Mostly homeschooled kids who spend all their time trying to get into the spelling bee.
He is 100% right. At this point, shit like zipper merges is basically trolling.
&gt;(Despite having over 5000 ratings less than Titans) Yes, 20,000 is more than 5,000. &gt;it feels like one of the bad seasons of a CW show That's laughably ridiculous.
I suspect we will get one post each to find out
&gt; there needs to be a constitutional congress to lay down in law how our legislative bodies SHOULD work No Edit: all you left wing idealists fail to realize a congressional congress could rewrite the *entire* constitution and *more than half* of state Congresses are controlled by conservatives
&gt;If this were the case universally, then you could ignore all penalties for shooting into melee any time you wanted, simply by deciding that during that turn nobody was your ally. Since that penalty only applies if one of the characters in the melee is a friendly character. Uh, what? No, the people in *melee* would have to simultaneously decide they were both friends at the moment you decided to shoot them. The rule for melee is two people who are enemies and threatening each other Which raises interesting questions for two medium creatures fighting with reach weapons, but that's it Edit: examples for shooting into adjacent foes 2 people who don't want to fight each other standing next to each other: ok 2 people who are stunned standing next to each other: ok 2 people with nothing but fists who don't have improved unarmed strike: ironically ok (they don't threaten each other by rules, weird corner case) 2 people with reach weapons fighting 10ft apart: ironically not ok (other corner case)
Sounds like an uneducated response to me
OP &gt;So I had the idea of casting magic circle against evil. Which would allow allies to get another saving throw
It was still practically a stand still at 8:30.
Didn't they already announce all the games?
MiB 3 was another sequel with Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith though. This is the Jeremy Renner Jason Bourne of the MiB films
This one? I can get cable without a contract right now
6 seasons, a Peabody and multiple Emmy noms. Criminally underrated, right Edit: as pointed out by someone trying to contradict me, it also had pretty good viewership numbers and name familiarity Super underrated
I'm not going to entertain your comparisons to non cable shows
If Netflix was *making* three season shows that would be one thing, but they *aren't*, they are just canning them at 3 seasons with no warning.
That looks like they've lost their damn minds
Uh, continuation of story - a bunch more aliens are drawn in because of the noise then are shot in the face. The end. Are they going to go Tremors where the aliens evolve new ways to hunt and kill that have to be stopped a different way and this becomes an action movie as this family hunts them down? Edit: ending in the middle of a scene is not de facto a place to continue the story. Quiet Place was 100% wrapped up
&gt;Did you miss the part where these things are insanely strong and virtually invincible? What trap would make sense to build for someone who has to stay completely silent and also has extremely limited resources? snares? Also, not that strong or invincible - they had trouble breaking into a truck and were taken out by a shotgun blast to the face when the earflaps were open. There is no way they wouldn't have been defeated already by just bombing them or shooting them with tanks &gt;I doubt they would have had time to discover, research, test, and deploy a sonic weapon capable of doing exactly what the one in the film did before society collapsed. 1) we already hqve sonic weapons. *any* sonic attack should overwhelm thme for obvious reasons 2) "hey whats that sound" "oh, it's bombs falling and blowing me up because my earflaps were open trying to hear it"
The problem is a prequel would suck. There is nothing to do in a prequel. The aliens lead to a downfall of humanity because of plot invincibility so there is nothing that can be overcome in a prequel and therefore nothing to base a movie around.
But not a story consistent with the existing story. They only have two places to go for a sequel: independence day or tremors, and one place to go for a prequel: resident evil Alien invasion or aliens evolving would change the entire tone of the series
If you want a not serious movie sequel
Just for humors sake, what is the lowest annual income you see viably succeeding at this
That's not the question asked. I have no interest in exploring it, I was just curious as to what the minimum income needed was to "retire early" under this theory
And DC universe already spires into death as At&amp;t pushes to unify its IP into a singular streaming service
*If* they want to put that all on the service in a non rotating fashion.
They are really the same, just different colors
&gt;And shes not afraid to be emotional either. An A+ way to lose the primary and election
It will be impossible to avoid because you assume that the people throwing a bitchfit previously were rational
&gt;If he does, he's gonna have to work for it, because Warren and Sanders will rip him and his ties to corporations apart. No they won't. That's not how they work. Everyone will be trying to out progressive each other to appeal to the radical left
&gt;That's when venuzela said, and their rich fled....and now they are starving.... &gt; &gt;Yey for socialist uptopia!!! Yey!!! &gt; &gt; &gt;"GM (GM) shut its operations in May after government authorities seized its plant. Ford (F)suspended operations in December," Do you think *seizing factories* and not giving rich people special bonuses are the same thing? &gt; while you just [...] antitrust businesses apart? That's a closer thing to what he actually said than your counterargument examples. Wait, do you not realize trust busting is a government function?
&gt;You might be right about them winning though but only because of a conservative-packed judicial system. Feel free to look up the ACLU's opinion on these airport bans. &gt;It was about being open seven days a week and later ONE councilmember mentioned something about additionally, their anti-LGBT stances were distasteful. Holy shit *that's fucking worse*. You can't even hide behind their donations to anti-LGBTQ religious organizations if you were trying to ban them for not being open 7 days a week *because of their religious belief*. That was already fucking decided in Burwell v Hobby Lobby.
Tom Holland is aging horribly. In 2019, he will play a 16 year old. In 2020, he will play a 30 year old.
&gt;I separated "anti-LGBT" from "religious", as you should have done from the start. No one is talking about religious groups of any type; only anti-LGBT groups. You literally can't separate them. They are the same groups. &gt;Their religion was a non-factor in the decision to refuse the contract. No, just their support for anti-LGBTQ groups. All of which are religious. Ipso fucking facto, they were punished for supporting religious groups.
Cool. What's that have to do with running up an unofficial flag at a government building?
That's hazardous waste *disposal*, that shit isnt being recycled
I guess you will still need to pay for a second bin? (I can't fathom what people are doing to fill 2 recycling bins a week with the weak ass recycling we accept)
Uh, is there a publix close? Where?
You forgot trolls and gargants
Congrats, you don't know.
I don't think you really appreciate how long *22 minutes* is
Half witted drivel is a great response to legal protesting by people you don't like. Edit: this is America, goddamnit
The Giver is a utopia for everyone but one person if I recall.. Most dystopian novels are on top of narrow view utopias
Come on, you think I'm talking about sitcoms? I mean X Files, Babylon 5, Buffy, etc
A lot of them are sci fi short stories. There are plenty pf those but not a lot of expanded universe and there isn't much really any reason to pursue it. That would obviate the point of having short stories.
Why? I mean, sure, you could have a full season of monster fights but why? Why not do that out of the gate instead of trying to torture a short story into it?
A couple of them came from a sci fi anthology I have a couple editions of ( 2 were in them) I'd hope they do one for the Bacigalupi biopunk short (which could lead to a longer series) or another one that I forget the name of - it was vaguely like district 9 but in britain
So what's the arm button do Also, classic/vintage figure, not in retail. Grail status approved
How often do you drive to Madison?
Park further down where its empty as fuck
&gt;We know it will have all of WB, DCs live action, Turner, HBO, Cinemax, CartoonNet/Adult Swim, and more’s content and IP. We know it will have some subset of that
Went there once, it was sketchy as fuck. Rather go to New China on Jordan.
I suppose it was more cryptic than a brick to the head
No, I'm good, thanks
&gt;Sure but who said the human limits are the same as irl. If that's the best argument you have, you are already wrong.
Can we not?
But American cheese? That's just terrible
&gt;FUCK SOCIALISM AND THE DUMBASS WANNABE LOOTERS AND THIEVES WHO PERPETUATE THE IDEA OF IT! And we come to it. You are one of those Randian anarcholibertarian jagoffs who think uncontrolled capitalism is just the best because the cream will always rise to the top and every instance of monopoly is the fault of government regulation and companies would never take workers or consumers for granted because it's bad for business and all those anti child work regulations and safety regulations are pointless and bad. Environmental regulations are killing businesses because dumping waste into the water is bad for business. Workers will just go elsewhere! Consumers will go elsewhere! The invisible hand will save us! Newsflash, all that shit happened, continues to happen, and will continue to happen every place there isn't someone who *actually* has to answer to people standing in the way, usually the government. Your argument is to accuse me of being a socialist, a stand I *literally never took*. I declared healthcare should not be controlled at the hands of unregulated companies because things *we need to live* shouldn't be only for those who can afford them. And if you think that's just fine, well fuck you , buddy. Your opinion is shit and you are personally a shit person. But you feel free to go jerk off to Wikipedia pages about corporate catastrophes that caused all those government regulations you hated. Ps. Trust busting is still a thing the government does, not consumers, genius
The thing about Animorphs is were it translated into a visual medium, it would basically be equivalent to the Magicians. It's super fucking dark and the combat is visceral and just gets more so as the series progresses. This ain't no Harry Potter where no one dies particularly horribly.
&gt;People up in arms about seeing peoples faces at the cold base. It's not a fucking documentary Ok, so because it isn't a documentary all the humans are *super humans* and we should ignore all visual cues and ingrained information about things that are dangerous to human life. Got it. &gt;you need to have your actors faces seenother than Urban in Dredd since that was a passion project for him) in your movie or their agents will be up in arms and almost no one will sign on. Yes, because a parka hood is totally the same as Judge Dredd helmet. Gtfoutta here with that shit
Lol everyone thought the "this movie is about Bryan Cranston, yeah! Oh wait.." was a bait and switch because that's how they advertised ot
&gt;Are you equally amazed by lactose intolerance? So she does have a genetic meat intolerance? &gt;I ate some of her food as well and was fine. So a completely unrelated illness you are attributing to minimalist meat contamination? &gt;But your.... source ya got there is really cute. I love their article on how red heads feel pain completely different too. I’ll give you some props for at least attempting to google something though? Hilarious of you trying to discredit my legitimate source without making the most nominal effort to validate your attack. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15277908?ordinalpos=4&amp;itool=EntrezSystem2.PEntrez.Pubmed.Pubmed_ResultsPanel.Pubmed_DefaultReportPanel.Pubmed_RVDocSum
Dude, I was literally talking about the Bryan Cranston thing. Stop responding to shit I'm not saying.
Instagram.com There you go
It was plenty full of wing shit posts. Once it's over "2", take thats shit to meme land
The free market will save us. Everyone stop buying 3M products right now
This 100% sounds like not a superhero movie problem.
JCs seems like a skeezy Magic dive. And pretty sure half the store (whole store) is owned by the guy who couldn't succeed with the Foundry across from where Lucky Dice is now, despite a lot of support from the local gaming scene runners over the deep.
Goodyear Tire? I don't know if I would describe CT Garvin as downtown, but I guess it is downtown adjacent
&gt;so you're left with this one if you are poor or old and don't know how the internet works. Did you mean to write "over the air tv"?
Except it isn't. Pictures of food tells you literally nothing. You realize those delicious looking burgers in tv commercials are inedible right?
Cool.
Monaco is the cheapest in town for events outside of memberships. Of course, they have a membership too
Pretty sure characters are not trademarks. Mickey might be in some cases, but not every single character.
I can't misread things you don't say
I doubt anyone is tracking invisible satellites for several reasons.
&gt;I don't know why more schools don't include it. My property taxes pay for schools You think your property taxes just go to the subsidized food budget?
A lot of shit is overclassified. If information is publicly observable, it shouldn't be classified. A rule for classified data is the ability to protect it ad thus why its release would be damaging. You can't protect something physically observable.
&gt;Reminder that he could have been our president had the DNC not shoved Hillary down our throats. Shove off
Exactly one person knows more than inane progressive talking points at least.
&gt;To have as part of your plan that you're going to use a welding technique that has literally never been used before and do it on a massive scale, and then say that you aren't to blame for the delays is difficult to accept. Take it up with how contracting works. No one is going to tell you the truth it's impossible. They are going to tell you what is required to get the contract and if shit goes sideways, they will petition for an exclusion, more money, or a slide. Even having to donate their own money is more valuable than not getting the contract.
And *that* is how we get 10 billion in the project over 10 years - someone going "hey, I'm in charge now, let's *change* something"
&gt; Not only that, but on a more complicated roll you'd roll multiple d10s and if any of them came up 0 the whole roll autofailed. I feel like this wasn't playtested
Seriously? Why the fuck is anyone even on 565 at that point? Just exit, guys
Delete Ps . This bot sucks.
&gt;Unpopular opinion: Angled parking aisles are bad, and most of them are extremely faded or poorly-marked. Yes, that is a bad opinion, and your kicker is not unique to angled aisles. It's more likely to apply to parallel aisles because they would trend older &gt;Also, the lot’s bigger than 3 football fields and there’s literally only one other car in the lot in front of this Bed Bath and Beyond on a Tuesday evening, so don’t get too upset if you see me cutting through 3 empty rows. I'll still be god damn upset if you don't understand you don't have right of way doing that
&gt;he problem that’s specific to angled lanes is that the arrows at the end of each aisle can get worn away. An entirely superfluous marking &gt;Parking lots often have lamp posts or other markers at the ends of each aisle. So even without lines, it’s clear where the center line is. Ok? &gt;Also, angle aisles rarely have a median or concrete barriers for each spot, while straight aisles are much more likely to have those features that make them usable even without lines. Uh, not really?
You are not going to get an unbiased opinion here, nor in whatever the pathfinder sub is. Is this about PF2 or PF1?
More so than dipshits yelling people are being gassed
Old fucks in suits love seeing bodies in chairs so they can believe people are actually working and committed
&gt;Who puts an arcade in a restaurant Why did you go to a restaurant with an arcade? It ain't like that shits a secret
Ignore him, people forget they thought the 80s were a long time ago 20 years ago too
I'd bet even money that the comics get axed or split off to a separate pay service when AT&amp;T's Warner streaming giant subsumes DCU
His lanyard is themed..
It's fallen out of popularity compared to soda, but it still exists
It super obviously does
So people like *you* are the reason I can't walk into a store without being bombarded with attention I didn't want just to peruse a damn store.
&gt;It’s a common practice to greet a customer upon entering your place of business. I could not give one single shit less about not being greeted walking in a building and would frankly be happy to be left the hell alone unless I needed help. Are you such a narcissist that you can't walk into a place without being acknowledged without considering it poor manners? Bless your heart.
Uh, that was a miniseries?
Why do you care so much about being acknowledged for walking into a store as opposed to *when you need something* The only place you might be greeted walking in the door is Haven because they either a) have literally nothing to do or b) are in the back hanging out and don't want people coming in to steal stuff
They are borh - annoyingly curious about your browsing habits and nowhere when you want something. You know where the people at the deep are when you want something? Behind the counter. Boom, done
I don't know, its fans are turning me off it right now. Edit: You guys are really turning my opinion around /s
Yes. Dark Season 1
&gt;Entrants are responsible for securing necessary permissions and licenses for any persons and/or materials contained in the Photo, Everyone remember to blur out any copyrighted content in your photos (e.g. Star Wars) before giving all rights to Reddit for a chance to win a sweatshirt so they don't get sued. Also, don't put your face in it unless you want reddit to have rights to use your image in whatever it wants. Edit: apparently a lot of people don't like a dose of reality to go with their super low key sweepstakes
&gt;A book store doesn't do that A book store controls what they sell. A publisher can control who can sell what the same way stuff is decided for tv or streaming &gt;Streaming services control who consumes their media using subscription accounts. Ok? Then 'centrally controlled' must not be what you meant to say because that makes no sense in relation to your example
People who submit paper ballots have zero verification of how their vote was tabulated so I don't understand the comparison point
&gt;Plus it's harder for them to even confirm that they're ASKING the machine to vote the way they want. No, it's not. &gt;but the process is identical from the point where the ballot is put into the counting device, and is subject to the same issues either way. Yes, that's literally my point. We agree so far.. &gt;What the hand-marked ballot offers is a better chance that the ballot reflects voter intent. And no, you are off page again
Use pluck foam? You could probably pack it in Gameplus foam. They released new thicker foam - up to 6"
This is why I don't eat steak
It's a restaurant like Target is a restaurant
Considering the US actually has a lack of well distributed hospitals I am going to count that as a strike against whatever point you think you have
&gt;Also, how come no one ever talks about "the jobs" when healthcare is the topic? Objectively, it seems to be because a lot of people are morons thay don't understand how business consolidation works. Ie, less jobs.
Cool. What happens when a healthcare is a guarantee but you don't have a job? "well, I did have a middle class salary but now I live below the poverty line. Least I got healthcare"
The law applied *specifically* to that church. Everyone that wants one would have to have a specific law passed by the legislature. This is likely to end run around constitutional challenges from groups like the ACLU or Satanists.
&gt;I'm surprised it wasn't a set already to be honest Seriously? It's a small office room as a niche set. What other sets do you think are similar?
&gt;This approach would effectively eliminate the high stakes of Supreme Court appointments, thereby taking the Court out of the electoral and political realm If by that you mean "make every judge on the court of appeals a political football"
Feel free to show me where that was the price of a ticket to the debate
You are right, I was misremembering something
Really? You didn't see the question marks in the first thing you quoted? Are you not aware question marks signify a *question*?
Gerrymandering against people because of their race
True, but Smith basically buys his kid vehicles.
So you're voting for Trump? Great.
There's always Indian movies playing at like every theater. They aren't really indie.
&gt;It will never be all $200M mega-tentpoles in theaters because the theater going audience can not support that anyways. That’s what WB has learned with its crap DCEU and it’s what Universal has learned with trying to reboot its Monsters franchise as a crypto-superhero cinematic universe franchise. What do the quality of WB and Universal movies have to do with theaters not supporting all tentpole movies?
Yeah, the vast majority of people aren't going to do that so stop pretending it's a legit option.
&gt;People buy and binge seasons of televisions because they’re not available on streaming services. And because they are bad at math despite pretending they are gaming the subscription service system. Oh yeah, and television on disc totally doesn't predate streaming or anything &gt;Buying seasons/dvds, etc alone isn’t enough to save cable companies from dying which is why studios are in a hurry to create their own streaming services. Haha what? Everything you said is nonsensical. If cable companies were just cable companies, they wouldn't benefit at all from movie sales. But because the *largest*cable tv distributors *also own content companies*, they benefit from both physical media **and streaming**. Those *same companies* get more money streaming their owned content. &gt;Millennials especially remember the time before the internet and would rather never go back to cable after having experienced instant streaming and it’s luxury to sit and choose whatever they want to watch. So this also applies to every generation older than millenials? Your grandparents are quitting cable in droves huh?
Enduring awfulness? I guess. It's not so bad it's good but it also isn't so bad it's bad. It's a thoroughly dumb popcorn flick.
&gt;i like how you ignored the most obvious one, which is video games. Guess that means you don't have a response. Other than providing a link that addressed all your asinine cases, of course &gt;Streaming video games to twitch and other services like it also requires a lot of bandwidth, Up, not down. And yeah, that's a great example regular people need service for. Lots of regular tv watching people stream to twitch. You examples of things normal people who would be watch streaming tv do are amazing. I'm done with your inanity &gt;But feel free to continue getting scmed by cable companies and announcing that proudly to the world Excellent red herring closer. I assume you get your internet provided by santa claus instead of cable companies
If your house doesn't catch on fire
Don't worry, that's not an easy mistake. You will not confuse corn syrup for aspartame very long.
The Netflix version is not an alternate costume of the comic Daredevil
Switch the Bunson and Beaker and Statler and Waldorf castings. Bunson and Beaker are a team but Statler and Waldorf are a Greek chorus and are just one character, like in Muppet Christmas Carol.
I'd recommend against porting existing characters to alternate systems, even between most D&amp;D systems. Characters are intrinsically linked to the system they were created in and changing the system assumptions and rules on existing characters is a fiasco Finish your arc and then switch and create new characters
&gt;combat is quick because movement is simple and more focused on what your character actually does than where he stands, Except that's not remotely the cause of long combats...
&gt;respect the [reddiquette](/wiki/reddiquette) rather than downvoting Some time later... The guy just mentioning Pathfinder and saying 5e is super thin in comparison - which it is, is being downvoted for it because /r/rpg and you are being upvoted for lamenting games with rules exist
I do because people tend to conflate the name of the book with an army, which it isn't
How do you run out of pork broth - an essential ingredient to your titular food, in less than one operating day?
I can't think of seeing any in the main branch in downtown, unless it's all in the kids section, which I doubt. You're better off going to the deep or lucky dice cafe and borrowing from their collections to play in store. The deep has a large collection of open, to-play games (they run board games every Saturday morning) but I'm not sure what the rules for getting into it are, and lucky dice has a shelf full.
HLJ and big bad toy store allow temporary holds to ship when ready or ship things together Although - real talk, it won't ship *for months*, if you can't figure how to save ~90$ over the course of 4+ months specifically for a thing you are buying for future delivery, maybe don't order it. If you have the money *now*, then you *have the money later* - put it in a bank account and don't spend it
Which actually makes it a worse poll. They should change the name to "most popular figure of 2019 from those provided" because for the past 2 years it hasn't been "best" I'd put the NECA TMNT bebop and rocksteady on this list ahead of most of the legends
I predicted The Mandalorian would win a month or two ago because of how many posts there are about it. It's nothing to do with being the only star wars figure. Put Cara Dune or even IG 88 on here and they wouldn't be winning &gt;Top tiers would be won with like 5 total votes unless you want people voting for things they don't own, We have to *own* these figures to vote on them? Well shit, let me take my vote back because I own *zero* of them. Best figures 2019 - rocksteady and bebop, bitches &gt;and would refute the whole point about this being price related. The fact people are voting on figures they don't own - which you acknowledged, negates you argument there. And would allow for more nuanced results. We wouldn't have hard to find $50-100 figures that are clearly superior getting beat out by off the peg Hasbro figures at $30. Or shit, *not even being listed*, like all the Mezco figures.
Man, you people must have hated Watchmen and Westworld
Whatever, British-tv based.
Lost in Space is exactly what I'm talking about
It was like that gas station at the interstate exchange on the way to Chattanooga
A lot of high end, import magnetos are pimping cool magnet effect accessories. Usually magnetic ones. Though the design detail for this non actually magnetic effect is pretty cool
The other two effects are actually magnetic. Magnets are probably more Mezcos thing than cloth goods
Was Merlin alive performing magic in the 1990s?
So the idea that the area could be cleaned up without gentrifying it doesn't even blip on your radar?
But where are they going to get a mall? I guess they can use the Stranger Things set?
You would be 100% wrong
&gt;A**nother** long article about this new tech with no video or illustrative images is kinda pointless FTFY. People keep raving about this tech that is *explicitly* visually representative yet there is no pictures of it. The BBC put more effort into its spaghetti tree April fools day hoax
It doesn't have ramen in the name so clearly it doesn't have ramen /s
Who is downvoting this? That's literally what suicide girls is. Nude sub culture girl models, not really scene but one over
&gt;although with 7 drops at that point level I could imagine you will be going second in most games At 1000, how many armies can still afford battalions? Maybe more summoning armies will have lower counts. Expensive armies too I guess
I was going to look at the vanguard lists from previous adepticons but those seem to be the *only* lists not reported. I can't imagine anyone running 2 max battleline units because you need objectives and that's not going to get it unless it is going to be just one.
Your second amendment rights don't apply to private property I'm sure a lot of people would be happy to eat at restaurants not patronized by people so obsessed with fire arms that they won't eat somewhere they can't carry a firearm.
&gt;Any place not specifically banned is legal Feel free to point me to the part of the law saying private property owners cannot put their own limits on what can and can't be done on their property. &gt;In fact Alabama’s Attorney General’s Office has made those no gun signs come down all over the state. A thing he literally cannot do to private property without a law to that effect. &gt;For example, the DMV. So.. A government office? Yes, the government does have purview over government offices. Glad we solved that mystery. &gt;A private property can put up a sign. You as a concealed carry holder do not have to comply. They, as a private business, can ask you to leave and you *do* have to comply. But if you, as a gun nut, want to self segregate, please do so. I already feel safer in that establishment knowing people who feel they can't go anywhere unarmed don't patronize it. &gt;However if for some reason they find out and make a scene it’s better just to leave than to argue about your rights with someone you were going to give money to anyway You can argue until the cops show up to escort you off the premises for trespassing.
Maybe big, maybe not. I know someone who has a 70" in a studio apartment living room. Like 17' viewing distance max? More like 14' due to how furniture is arranged
I'm actually in the city though
They can put it next to one of the 4 jewelry stores.
It is neither dedicated to good nor evil, it is but what is poured into it. Like charts
Expanding 72 wouldn't do shit - the issue at this point is lights every block. You'd have to make it into something like Memorial and by now, that would be damn near impossible
Meanwhile, Warren Buffet is paying less in taxes than his secretary
&gt;Changing your data practices in such a fundamental way is going to mean large corporations are going to be forced to pay for a lot of very-expensive high-skilled labor to implement the changes necessary for compliance. &gt; &gt;That isn't a reason that we shouldn't do it, but it does mean that we need to be prepared for a fight from some very powerful people who are going to do everything they can to stop these rules from being in place. They really don't want to spend money on anything that doesn't directly increase their profit margins. Google? Facebook? Microsoft even? They already have this infrastructure in place and can provide the data; it's already mostly required in Europe and it's their bread and butter. It's the small outfits this will hurt - small stores with small online store presences and such selling hobby parts for mechanical keyboards or something.
The two and a half hour movie?
How to get more pious by burying bodies
Then out that time into other parts they zoomed past. Because removing it also removed some other plot kick off points
Ok, there's parking in a quarter-mile. 1) that's a quarter mile and (2) is nothing else using it that the VBC should completely take it over now that we are depriving the VBC of parking for new hotels? They want to expand the VBC and attract new, more events and then get rid of parking? Aren't those entirely exclusive?
Giving the already sprawling and never ending nature of Huntsville's sprawl, trying to make downtown a walkable community well after the fact is a pipe dream that's going to hurt downtown more than it will help Never mind trying to combine a quaint walkable downtown with the attempt to make an entertainments center that can draw more crowds from the surrounding areas and draw acts and people from Birmingham and Nashville. The civic center in New Orleans is not in the middle of the quarter.
It doesn't make a lot of sense for Iran to have shot down the passenger plane, either on accident or purpose.
Your daughter has very expensive tastes
&gt; I tried to explain, but she wouldn't listen. I looked at her: expensive clothes, well-tailored, clearly had money, resources, probably friends/family. I can't say I've seen anyone at a Walgreens looking like this
It's even wilder than that
The one where Hulk got denser the angrier he got?
Found in every old church kids room. All but indestructible.
Forget all that, Thomas Kemper Root Beer is where it at. I don't care for their other flavors but their sweetening complements root beer perfectly
The renfri plot is just a short story from the books. It should be a small thing at the start
&gt; don't understand why they edited all this shit this way except that they didn't want to have a very Ciri heavy episode towards the end. Instead it really felt like Ciri was the "boring" subplot. Because the show was edited to run everyone's timeline front to back simultaneously so you are caught up with all characters right as they all converge. Instead of one episode of all geralt or all Ciri or all yennifer
Except that's not not really important?
"Looking at"
That's probably Sam Jackson's most memorable bit part
I haven't had any break even on heavier non-import figures but they aren't any bootleg ones.
The only group that fails worse at education than the government is private institutions.
&gt;I left a job in the Bay Area because they wouldn't let me work remotely from Huntsville after I moved There is nothing else to say here.
What.
The favored sub front runner is a literal member of the *silent generation* who factually recently had a heart attack in spite of how healthy people tout he is
Literally nothing looks good about this movie. And to boot, from the trailer, it just looks like RDJ is playing Sherlock Holmes faking his death by playing a vet that talks to animals
Here's the thing - John Bolton did *not* offer to testify. He said "I'll do it if you subpoena me" which he has been saying for *months* and guess what? No one has and no one is going to. Bolton offering to not have pointless legal battles isn't news
20 second fight - laser eyes through iron man, same gets blocked by captain's shield, super speeds around and breaks neck Superman has stupid powers. Edit: downvoting me doesn't change supermans powers
&gt;Nina Turner has no experience beyond a state level legislator. We need better! [...] Gillum was an interesting choice, however, he has no executive experience beyond mayor of Tallahassee [...] We need some foreign diplomacy experience or some significant congressional experience. Yes, a largely superficial position should be limited to people with federal experience. (bernie needs one, but not for your reasons) &gt;if Bernie is already going to be fighting off BS about his heart attack Ps, "super healthy" people should not be having heart attacks regardless of age. An 80 year old with a history of heart problems should be a major concern for president and should be picking a VP that *can* replace them. That doesn't even get into the fact that president is the most trying job in the US, leagues removed from the legislature or campaigning
So we should cancel all primaries and nominate the winner of Iowa? I mean, if Iowa is that important that just being ahead after Iowa seals the rest of the primary..
Superdelegates represent zero people other than themselves
&gt;I remember being really disheartened to see every blow-out win more than canceled out by anti-democratic superdelegates. What is your stance on caucuses
Less useful for the obviously combat focused sessions here.
&gt;The comment I responded to suggested that air travel was the only means of reaching Puerto Rico, The comment he was responding to said you don't have to fly. Ie, implying it isn't another country. Guess what? You can get to other countries by boat and/or car. So yes you are being pedantic because he was addressing a specific thing another person said about flying. You know instead of saying "you can get to other countries by boat"
&gt;Oh sure, just run after the big bad to his lair and expect it to just be him there. That ends well every time. So they can't rest for 8 hours and be viable combatants for a definite fight but they do have up to 4 hours to gather information and still be unable to actually do anything about anything they learn? &gt;I said they can ask other people in a social encounter, instead of just thinking it up. See above. &gt;You have to play to your character’s specialities sometimes, not just jump from fight to fight What part of the OP did you read? &gt;disregarding anything that makes your group special. Like your use limited class abilities that you ran out of? Which also, by the way, make you a level equivalent threat for the fight you are about to have
&gt;Ok, I’m not going to suggest anything sensible to a player who would use the same tactics for 50 archers as they would for 5 melee opponents. Mixing your examples? Ok, I see how it is. Though I would love to see your suggestion that takes into account reality of the situation in question &gt;Instead, I’ll ask what you suggest the Oracle do, in the situation given. Refuse to go until rested. Obviously.
&gt;Perhaps that's the biggest takeaway, that no game is for everyone. That always seems to get forgotten too when all the hype starts swirling and everyone's wondering if they should back or not. Of course, you have no idea if it is for you until you've dropped a few hundred dollars..
I'm saying Trump has nothing to do with this topic It's "what about ism"
Friendly reminder - we haven't even hit Iowa yet and Clinton beat Trump by 3 million votes
They probably moved them from where you expected them. No one is scalping peg warmers
My keyboard auto correct is just the objective worst.
Why not? Is the US going to explode? Edit: Sanders supporters are buying standard politician song and dance at face value from Sanders. Sanders cannot single handedly fix these issues. He knows that but he banks on you not knowing that. Unless he plans to wholesale throw out the constitution
You forgot about the unemployment
I have spoken
Again, that's conspiracy bunk. Native corporate interests and foreign state interests are not the same. Moreover, foreign state interests are still banned from being involved in political funding. You think at no point in time did corporations have strong control over government? The fucking feds were busting unions for the railroads Also, I refuse to support any populist candidate. Edit: PS, Sanders can do **literally nothing** about that
Everyone says that. Does or does not Sanders say he will do things he has no power to do as president? You know, like institute Medicare 4 all
Some individual foot stands would be cool I've seen people recommend these, but don't know how they are. And they aren't quite single foot stands: https://www.marauderinc.com/product-p/idsc0020.htm
To be fair, it's also free once a year because the rocket center participates in the Smithsonian free museum day
Weird, I feel like I've seen the cans at every store. But I mostly shop at kroger
&gt;And *also* voter suppression is a real thing, happening in real states, due to SCOTUS reversing rules on the Voting Rights Act Which was *already* happening with the VRA because while discriminating against black areas was illegal, discriminating against Democratic areas that happened to be black was fine. &gt;Right after that horrendous decision, the states under federal watch did the exact thing watchdog groups said they would do, including closing voting locations, implementing new rules on how to identify voters, and curtailing time-frames for mailing in ballots, etc. Things already happening before it. Nothing you said is relevant to the topic or my reply to you. You are throwing blame at random bogeyman in place of having a real, informed discussion. And ignoring the real problem of the popularity of moral authoritarianism. &gt;Forget the rest of the world; study after study shows the majority of *Americans* would prefer the government not interfering in women's health choices, for instance (i.e., birth control and abortion), and allowing for gay marriage as a legal right, and--in this case--not censoring libraries Are these studies split by state?
Yes, that would be Congress' job
Cats was never going to translate to a good movie though. That just wasn't what cats was
And that was under penalty of *death*, not "having to find a different job"
&gt;So, he's upset that a McGuffin on Doctor Who doesn't explain itself well enough for him, that the mosters looked rubbery, and that the Doctor made a preachy speech at the end? Has he ever watched the show? Have you? This wasn't standard preachy. This episode was plotted like a rejected Twilight Zone episode adapted to Doctor Who where the Doctor was multiple characters condensed into one. She drags everyone outside into the barren waste where everyone's lives are at risk against recommendation of the head of security then once they are out in the barren waste, blames the head of security for all their lives being at risk due to having left the resort area. And berates the same person about using an orphan planet - a planet incapable of supporting life, as a resort. That's the *entire premise* of 'Midnight.' Then the end preachy part was *super* stand out. There have been multiple episodes in which earth has fallen to cataclysm and came back but in this episode it requires a monologue about our current politics that introduces the idea of "possible futures" so the doctor can preach about it being something preventable. What part of this reminded you of '42'?
That's what none of those words mean
GW has been doing this for the entirety of warcry - outdating their products *immediately*. There is no way that it isn't on purpose with their release schedule
Except you have it all on one service.
How many services do you have to get these shows?
He's a witch, get the duck scale
Because you bought a book after 2 years in its life cycle right before a new edition was announced does not mean the company screwed you over going to a mildly newer edition.
The first episode was a little rough but once she builds her team it's gold
That just raises more questions!
I don't think that question is as rhetorical as you think it is
That's not remotely what's being discussed.
Yes. All these design decisions would have been under McNinerny while Muillenberg was in the defense side (ie, having no input or insight into commercial aircrafts as an executive)
&gt;It resulted from a fundamental decision to not redesign the plane like they should have in response to the neo. And the *board of directors* makes these decisions? &gt;The decision to continue to use **literal Indian software** and not retain pilots could have been changed at any time Fallacy by association. Again and still. &gt;And it was muillenberg who continued to honor and pursue that vision. Incorrect. &gt;Because Indian subcontractors making $9/hr have no business touching flight software. Really surprised I have to say this. Fallacy by association. Again. And still. &gt;It's not a fucking fallacy Yes, it is. You are not claiming they developed MCAS but are attacking the development simply by saying Indian subcontractors were involved at any point. It's a fallacy. And super racist.
1) you either mixed social security in there wrong or you are mixing your messages 2) 200k is not near "fuck you" income unless you are single with no kids. 200k in, say, Mississippi is own the town income. In New York city, it's have a comfortable middle class life
If you are OK saying things completely inverted of what you mean, that's your problem, I'm just telling you.
No, definitely a jerk.
Hahaha. No. Big shakes? Metro diner?
&gt;Infuriating / insulting mini-figs. Uh, what? &gt;Ship Innacuracies I'm afraid to even ask &gt;Cheap stickers So the exact same stickers they use for *everything*? Including on the saturn v
&gt;literally only want 2 channels and would love to just be able to subscribe to them independently! Ok, $50. Here's the secret of bundling - your price is *all* in those major channels. The rest are kickers.
&gt;Does The Deep have a monopoly on the cards/collectibles scene around here? For something esoteric like YGO? Yes. No one else runs any card games outside Magic: The Money Printening Multiple places sell collectibles and old video games but they are all over - Rocket City Arcade in Huntsville, 2nd &amp; Charles and Gamers Paradise in Madison. Probably a couple more I don't recall in and out of the area Everyone sells various levels of cards and collectibles. Depends what you mean
Considering Fett is presumed dead by the time the Mandalorian starts..
Meh, Fahrenheit 451 and Bradbury couldn't figure out what it's societal commentary was
Apparently they realize they are dumb enough to care about what other people are personally watching.
Reminder that a nationwide poll means nothing *This poll is valuable*, but doesn't suck up to Sanders so won't show up here: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2020/01/16/polls-trump-matchups-michigan-wisconsin-florida/4488735002/
Cool. Produce evidence that Sanders brings these people to the polls. Talking points are not evidence, for a reminder
&gt;You're projecting what you're doing for Sling onto others. 1) no, I'm observing what you are saying 2) *this is the sling sub*
It's still more valuable news than literally every article with Bernie Sanders in the title
&gt;In my opinion - Kickstarter is great for board games because You forgot because the biggest ones are run by established board game companies.
&gt;I found it over in the NECA section looking way out of place, ha. The "NECA section" is the "special collectibles section". That's exactly where NECA, Funko, and imports go Though they have these in video games some time
&gt;I don't see the point you're trying to make. Are you really defending the practice of handcuffing children while they starve to death with "we've ve always done so"? I'm saying the Holocaust chicken littling is still incorrect &gt;I really wonder at which point you think it'll be okay to call them concentration camps? When they become concentration camps and not simply prisons &gt;since starving people to death apparently isn't enough for you. Do you have statistics on people in ICE camps being starved and for dieing and of what?
&gt;Seems like the commonality between most of these definitions include harsh conditions 1) sure, but like I said it's a subfactor of America's penal system and seeing these people as criminals 2) concentration camp conjures a very *specific* image thereof and everyone saying it well knows that. &gt;and belonging to a specific group (ethnic, political, etc). That's a fallacy. The people contained in said camps is a factor of their source, not their ethnicity - indeed, their ethnicity is technically varied to multiple people places in Central and South America
Go watch The Orville
&gt;Star Wars fans want this too badly, and they've got McGregor on board, so I can't see it being cancelled. It's too much of a home run if they get it right. They canceled production to rewrite the scripts and dropped the episode count to *4*. Getting it right has sailed Unless they are trying to back door an obi Wan movie but after Solo why would anyone want another product that's 2+ hours of explaining everything you didn't care to know about obi Wan kinobi? Like, how he knew the sand people would be back and in greater numbers. Why he became British. How no one thought to look for the Skywalker child at his relatives' on the *planet he was from*
&gt;How can you judge whether it's good/bad without seeing the end product Context clues? Solo was an unnecessary drudge through Han Solo's history tacking a nonsensical story onto unwanted backstory explanations
I'm sure they have never done anything for anyone with their money.
I've seen those models, they look serviceable. What do you want out of dinosaur men? Sunblood is amazing, frankly. Cold one? Hilarious.
&gt;The politics of the middle east are not only about religion. No there is also regional politics where Iran and Saudi Arabia are bitter enemies. Like all the 9/11 hijackers
Cold ones look derpy (hilarious) and boring but kroxigors are worst after salamander.
&gt;It’d make more sense for you to show me the exceptions you claim exist? But you won’t. I don't have to provide evidence to disprove your outlandish claim that you don't become a billionaire by paying workers fairly. That's a claim you made, you have to prove it. &gt;You aren’t going to make billions through investing unless your investing millions or are stupidly lucky with every investment ever made So it's doable? &gt;Again they would be an example of an exception rather then a realistic method of becoming a billionaire. I'm curious as to what you think the realistic method of becoming a billionaire is.
&gt;You responding with “unproven claim” is hilarious. Rules of debate - prove claims you make. I'm telling you your claim is unproven, I don't have to disprove it because you have failed to prove it in the first place
This is the worst post ever
&gt;Wtf is the matter with people? Trump is the absolute pinnacle of the right wings play to elect "relatable" people and make everyone that one crazy uncle. Trump isn't setting Republican policy, he's following decades of Republican policy as fed to them through conservative media, with a dash of his own history of grifting and self dealing on top
A noted minority
1000 movies a year is roughly 3 movies a day. Every day.
Was anyone expecting Sanders to *not* win the NH primary? It's like announcing Trump's lead in Alabama is really strengthening his campaign
Just buy stuff on ebay at that point.
That's not *wrong*, it's just not *right*
&gt;They cancelled their own primaries. Their candidate is the incumbent, they don't need primaries. The only reason to throw a fit over it is (a) you are arguing in bad faith or (b) you don't understand what the primary process is. I see *a lot* of b on this sub
What? Who?
Who cares about New Hampshire? It's only news if anyone *but* Sanders wins it.
Let's reign it in and wait to see the lay of the land in 5 years
&gt;but I just don't understand the hate for Warren Because you don't support Sanders as much as anyone, or you would support him *above* everyone else and oppose anyone who says anything not in agreement with him. Those Sanders supporters rather watch America burn than support Warren
This design is all over the place. Maybe some sort of head piece or mount decoration? But would it would even be too is a mystery with the mix or rough metal, smooth pieces, and that candle holder thing
&gt;The power of young people being empowered to vote is higher than ever with the majority of voting eligible Americans being between 18 and 35. As it always has been and still never mattered. &gt;What millennials are excited to vote for Biden Maybe some of the third of them closer to 40? &gt;Sanders was cheated by the DNC Wrong. &gt;He could have won in 2016 He lost in the votes. Period.
Get another 99 people and you might constitute a representative sample
Cool, but what's that have to do with "corporate and monied interests" assassinating MLK?
Glee is also much newer and probably got the media rights for the music at the same time. Those old shows did not.
&gt;Super-delegates may vote against the will of voters Super delegates *dont represent voters*; they *never have.* Now they do *even less so*, because they are only tie breakers. You Sanders supporters need to get informed
&gt;I can hear it on CNN the crowing about Biden winning the convention thanks to super delegates Stuff and rubbish
&gt;Super-delegate rules are also different now, so no candidate just gets to start with a 500 delegate lead; unlike 2016. Neither did they in 2016. Super delegates are a bogeyman created by pro Sanders propaganda
53/51 is enough votes. Are they even expecting 3 defectors?
I didn't say they don't. In fact, I fully expect they do, but when was the last time you heard in reported in the news? And now they are reporting it every week as an update to a no injury bombing?
Vaccines are what this looks like when we trust this kind of stuff to private business with no restrictions
Trump is a symptom but this has jack shit to do with Koch. This is the culmination of years of republican development since Reagan. Trump was the natural successor to Bush Jr.
Hitler also dismantled the entire government structure of Germany within a year and a half making himself supreme dictator. The US government continues to operate as it always has, despite what people think.
The problem is, once Congress members become part of the plot, it shores up the defense that the president wasn't breaking the law - which is withholding the aid without congressional approval.
They are not going to have a kitchen at all so unless they are taking over Straight to Ales speak easy and using ales kitchen, there is no real way they will have food - walking food around the building is silly.
Sling has some Viacom in one package (but no Disney, and nick Jr but no nickelodeon unless you pay for a kids package, what?) . They are a pretty mediocre product, however. Better than Philo if you actually want to watch tv, though
Except it is 100% their prerogative and within their power as the US Congress. Trump didn't dismiss the trial and declare himself not guilty.
*looks at ironjawz* These rats are tough as fuck.
Dave &amp; busters and stars &amp; strikes are almost entirely and primarily prize games, it's not really an arcade competing with rocket city arcade, rrg, or p&amp;p
Was not impressed at all with dim sum day. Even less so with the bill
&gt;I'm honestly flabbergasted by the hate for Taco Mama Texmex like Mexican is a dime a dozen for a mediocre upscale priced taco place
Yes, I'd believe you like skeevy Chinese dive buffets
If you think all these ideas are sane, you might be advocating for Bernie/Fred 2020
Thanks for your input, Karen
Come off it. This has been their MO since Gingrich. Don't get sucked into a delusion that dealing with Citizens United will fix any of this. Edit: Boy do a lot of people not have a concept of political reality older than 10 years.
Thanks "TheTurdFerguson6"
What's your suggestion? Stop people from protesting?
&gt;detract from the wonderful car pics which are being posted, so keep em up. Really don't. This sub has a tendency to turn into a one theme meme sub for a month and just post nothing but this shit. Car posts are literally every other God damn post for two pages and I have to scroll to a relevant topic like this which is encouraging the shitposts Barnes and Noble has better quality - I think, but smaller lego stock. Nowhere local will have a bigger selection than the *entire aisles* worth at Walmart and Target Or just go to Nashville lego store in the mall. Which I don't remember at all and certainly int going to be comparable to a dedicated lego store Or just order anything you want online here in the future we live in.
Makes literally no sense because the limits of the Matrix are shown to be easily manipulated and broken but Neo doesn't fly around outside
I have nothing else to explain to you because you aren't listening. Your failure to acknowledge the result of the study I provided you shows that.
&gt;Negative ghost rider both the statue and Auschwitz represents tragic times in this world No
Rights can be restricted - bloke saying guns can't be carried in particular places
&gt;but saying that the confederate cause means slavery is a gross oversimplification [An accurate simplification](https://constitutioncenter.org/blog/looking-back-at-the-confederate-constitution)
Just watch the entire Jumanji series
Jumanji series Or just watch Tremors
At&amp;t also sells HBO(/Max) to AT&amp;T customers at a steep discount
&gt;Mike is rich so he doesn't want to lose what he has Shit you mother fuckers don't want white people speaking for you or powerful black people speaking for you, who the fuck do you want to be speaking for you? &gt;White people love his speech because he scolds the angry poor people who are fed up. Name one person that is an acceptable voice that has the platform to speak for you
He should be downvoted. What the fuck does he want? White people can't use their platform to advocate for the cause. Rich powerful black people can't either. So who the fuck can?
Then he let's a black person speak and the black poor class shits on them for being successful and continues to bitch. You people have completed resembled class warfare by refusing to get out of your own way in these kind of situations. White people? Not good enough. Successful black people? Not good enough
&gt;But he never asserted that tmobile owns netflix or spotify, Saying it in response to what was said and in this thread makes certain implications about the relationship between netflix, spotify and tmobile &gt;and as to your third point, hbo and hbo now are indeed on the binge list, but HBO Max, which this thread is about, is NOT. He also said *for 5 years*. The implication is netflix was getting special treatment compared to tmobile competitor-owned hbo, which is demonstrably bullshit. &gt;So again, why are you replying to points that were not made? To dispel implied misinformation. Why was there any reason at all to make his post if not to make those implications? They had nothing to do with what the person he was replying to said and the only possible relationship to the topic is to convey misinformation
&gt;Invalid - someone seeking to protect the status quo that they benefit from So, like successful black professors and authors? You are just making up arbitrary lines in the sand which have no definable meaning
&gt;First it was a meaningless retcon Not first, it still is &gt;then it was no one ever took the name Thor, now it's because it's different when he's still alive It is. Eric was Thor in the same was Thor was introduced - Thor was in Eric, and then he became Thor but Thor didn't exist Jane was given the title of Thor, but Thor isn't a title - it's a *name* and in the Jane Foster Thor case, Thor was *still there*. It doesn't make any damn sense in even comic book sense
The monument has a statement that it is for honoring the "heroes" who died defending the principles that founded the Confederacy. Literally no one would be arguing for this statue if you replace "Confederacy" with "Nazi Germany"
An absurd hysterical article from commondreams? How unconventional!
&gt;Genealogy groups like the daughters of the revolution and the sons of Confederate veterans trace their lineage back to soldiers that fought in these wars. Daughters of the revolution are not a British loyalist club. &gt;Countries and people tend to remember wars. Name a country that honors the losers in a war. Especially a civil war.
&gt;No shit. Oh, I thought you were confused since you compared them to the daughters of the Confederacy - a group dedicated to the memorialization and glorification of the people who lost the US civil war and tried to split from the union over slavery &gt;Jacobite risings. I will give you fractional points. They are not honored or memorialized by the British state that I can tell. Are there jacobite statues at British courts?
&gt;Do you never go to movie theaters? Or do you pay to see a movie once and get upset when they won't let you into the theater to see it again for free? You can buy movies &gt;At the risk of getting involved in a tanking comment chain \*immediately rolls out terrible, I'll thought through analogies\* &gt;Goods are yours, services need to be regularly paid for. Man, if I had a nickel every time someone said they loved traditional software becoming software as a service, I wouldn't have any damn nickels
The alternatives are - Chinese spying app and Facebook owned subsidiary
&gt;You're entirely misunderstanding what myself and others are saying. Nobody here has suggested that all board games move to a legacy or episodic model And neither is that my critique
&gt;The people in charge think they can do it, Yes, because the studio and directors think they can do something definitely means it's a good and reasonable idea that will definitely work I mean, everyone loves BBC's 10th season of Robin Hood, starring the on-going adventures of Arrow, Robin's long last brother they introduced in season 3, after killing off the titular character, Marianne, Guy of Gisborne, and the Sheriff &gt;Its fiction, they can make this new character have new connections with many of these people, its called being creative. "I have never seen this show nor do I know anything about it"
So, uh, you out there with your gun protecting protesters from a violent oppressive government, huh?
Yes, I'm sure lots of the protests last night going on at Sparkman high
You are right, I was thinking of elsewhere. Hope the police don't start shooting everyone trying to get food for standing around 2 minutes after 9
Lol, business redundancy. Redundancy is super inefficient and costly, a int no one doing that
It's doing no such thing on Roku.
&gt;But what these mob-like protests seek is a band aid solution that can't really address core issues. Hm, yes, a group of humans is in fact "a mob" but I feel like you are trolling here and using that word to enforce negative connotations.
You get the quality of worker you pay for You think shit is bad now? Cut their funds and watch public relations training disappear as well as the less terrible recruits &gt;to keep feeding them is a microcosm of the national problem of the trillion dollar a year military budget that demands everything else be sacrificed to maintain it. It 100% is not. The military budget is driven by more or less artificial need - foreign wars and occupations and equipment R&amp;D and production. The police budget is not driven that way. The police budget is 100% reactionary - it's more like a school budget. What are you going to cut to save money? Pensions? Police response times? That military equipment is basically given to them surpluses from the military, they are driving that
Breaking the law here means "peaceably gathering in a right of way"
Read the book
The combination of how unemployment is documented and what businesses are opening is going to lead to drastic changes that look good for Trump. Unemployment will be reported back down below 10% by November more than likely as people stop looking for work and fall off unemployment lists and as businesses reopen and hire their bare minimum back
Worse than a cop - an AG
&gt;If you're a Chinese widget factory owner something like Kickstarter is probably a great tool for working out what might be popular in the near future and gives you a head start on it. Considering they are 100% the companies producing those products, yeah, they definitely have a headstart
Lol, ok. Remember everyone you're at fault for how police treat you, including as the result of racial discrimination! Man, if you had just treated police better, we would solve racial discrimination. Someone think of the poor policemen! &gt;I merely pointed out that it’s not right discriminate because of their uniform.. and we cannot engage in a dialogue if we don’t have a open mind. You "merely" did no such thing. You could have just stated that. You have multiple times victim blamed instead
I stopped watching at "Blazing Saddles killed the western". I don't mean "you couldn't make western parody blazing saddles today" , I mean you "couldn't make a movie with extremely overt racism, sexism, and homophobic plot points regardless of the level of parody" today. And even if you could, you career would be shot to shit. There is plenty to parody - we have replaced the Hays Code with a comical adherence to political correctness, but you couldn't blazing saddles it if you wanted to. The satire would go so far over people's heads, it might as well be starship troopers
Cool
Nationwide polls don't mean shit in an election decided by per state results
They've been suspect since the Reagan era. I don't know why everyone is surprised Pikachu here
Oh believe you me, you have not escaped civilization by the time you reach half way up Martin - 2 minutes past a publix, 1 gated neighborhood, another expensive cul de sac neighborhood, and situated inside a small strip mall. Go on up to Wal triana then keep going until Wal triana end (don't go right to Boeing, take the left)
But bro, all lives matter, especially Asians /s
This just looks like someone's house in Madison who was like "I bet I can plant a bunch of lavender back here and charge people to come pick it"
That's pretty generic, but if you describe it more specifically, it just sounds more like a fever dream
It's a joke
I edited it to leave Taylor in..
Maybe wooden kabob skewers?
No one leaves the house without a video camera already
Except he knew he was lying. It's easy to turn on them after you're out of the job. He heeled when called while doing the job. That's a hard stain to wash off
&gt;That is some fucked up logic In that it's undeniably supports by facts but you don't like it? Yes &gt;Yes they will still operate but if enough people stop using them they will be commercially forced to change. That’s how boycotts work. That's unlikely, at best.
Anywhere with air conditioning for the next 3-4 months.
Well it's nighthaunt, so, good news!
Being right and being right about the implications aren't the same thing. Because the codified republicans think everything between free ice cream and free health care is socialism, doesn't mean you can run in free healthcare. You're target audience is not the absolutists, it's those who think the absolutists are too hardcore about everything, but still don't want to be told they will be dragged kicking and screaming into a paradigm shift if that's what it takes. The problem the democrats suffer is the absolutists on the left see anything short of absolute change as treason while on the right they see anything up to socialism as someone that can be influenced
The really crazy part is that is not relevant at all but people think it is
I can't imagine why you didn't care for it if you don't like any of the segments that makes it MST3K
&gt;Also, who the fuck decided to go digging all these years later? Cancel culture police looking for common decency violations. Who needs it legally ingrained when a flash lynch mob will show up and demand people lose their careers for shit they said a decade ago
No, they aren't. Narcissists are narcissists
&gt;So as long as someone says they were trying to be funny, any words must be tolerated Yeah, because that's definitely what happened here and totally the same thing
Wrong. Everyone should worry. Being judged today on even the smallest thing said a decade or more ago that someone now finds offensive regardless of its offense when it was made should be something everyone should be concerned about. Just wait until this age of people are old enough to be president in 30 years. Imagine what kind of random one off shit that is going to disqualify them.
I'd expect downvotes, yeah, because this is very apologetic for the cops when they are clearly in the wrong Edit: you fail to analyze anything that isn't in the cop's favor, like this &gt;The owner did not comply at all with the officers telling him to put his hands up. Instead he gave responses like, “I’ll put my gun down when you put yours down”. &gt; &gt;... &gt; It’s kind of dumb though on everyone’s part though because he’s not actually even holding a gun, he’s holding a magazine to his gun and his gun is clearly on the counter next to him. That's nonsense. Why would he say it? He already put his gun down. The cops can see in high def, not shitty body cam footage (which is notably *not* from the lead officer) so they know the gun is on the counter, not in his hand. Moreover, *that's what they highlight* to justify the attack
I don't know what you think the word "defund" means nor understand how you are intending it used
&gt;The plan is to reallocate that funding to publicly-funded preventative measures See, the problem here is people just don't fucking understand government budgeting. Taking funds away from police doesn't enable them to be given to some nebulous new organization. *Not* defund the police equally doesn't prevent it
&gt;Well, they won't harass black people or mentally ill people anymore for one. Lol &gt;It's a joke that the only public funding growth that ever happens is to PDs and the DoD. It's time to reverse that trend. Defunding the police will not get that result. Unless your goal is "no one gets funding"
"But Biden would be just as bad as Trump!
So how is the Confederacy doing these days? Big ally of the United States?
It doesn't really match any particular Kong. It's like the body of a newer Kong with a head of an older kong
It's still the same damn question. You can't kick one in then complain people are moving the goalposts because they won't give you a touch down.
They don't have to deal with intimacy coaches, clearing the room to film the scene, etc. A sex scene requires more special support than other scenes and this lets them toss that under the guise of covid safety
They are jacking up prices on everything. 125 is basically the standard popular character price now
&gt;I need to see some promo images before I decide to lock $125 in For a mezco exclusive, that means you are missing it. They refuse to release images before the product goes up for sale &gt;but since Tamashii Nations has the license to 89 Batman, I’m hoping they also do a reeves Supes. Those are completely different things...
They've done this with several of their last exclusives
Depends what you liked about Legion. Legion was not so much wacky as surreal. Doom Patrol is more wacky. It's like superhero Magicians
Considering they don't have streaming rights to Blazing Saddles..
Or anyone with access to his phone account
Just to remind everyone - Obama was an activist. Trump was a "CEO" Why, exactly, are we looking for right wing "CEO" s to run this city? &gt;It could very well be true that if it wasn't for him Huntsville wouldn't be on track to be the largest metropolitan in the state. I'm pretty sure changes in federal government base staffing is major driver. If we had every other business driver but the arsenal, we would be Athens (all those contractor and subcontractor companies? Gone)
You know what squares have 4 of? Corners
The thing with "all states have to approve is two fold" - most states are red and it goes both ways
And it's still miles better than Wal triana
&gt;I think you're misusing "CEO" now. Obama was the "CEO" of the US and it's military when he was president. With your quote, i think you're more comparing Obama as a leader and Trump as a manager; this would probably be more accurate. No I'm not and no it wouldn't. I don't know how it escaped you I was talking about their pre presidential experience. &gt;Yes, i think anyone can fairly describe Obama as an activist, but he was also more than qualified by the time he ran for president. So you actually got it but then decided to misconstrued the whole thing in order to baselessly critique me and pretend I misspoke? &gt;Government organizations don't just move because pentagon leaders think it's a good idea They kind of do. &gt;federal gov base staffing is a major driver but commercial industry is catching up In about 30 years if it keeps up the pace. Redstone DoD and NASA projects with their supporting contractors are tens of thousands of jobs in the Huntsville area
You mean how it's talked about how its named after a nazi scientist that put this city on the map to distract from the fact that we have a statue in front of the courthouse honoring the Confederate cause?
"my messaging is bad, I'm going to blame the people who don't understand it despite it being used the way they are understanding it multiple times before" They don't have to twist it because you can't accept its bad messaging that already has an understood meaning
Not going to happen. He will have to be pulled back in front of Congress. That's how we got here in the first place - Republicans in congress rolling him for have the audacity to have employees treat right wing fake news groups like fake news
&gt;we shouldn't really be advocating for this administration to have even more power. We shouldn't have be advocating for **any** administration to have this power. People saying the KKK should be labeled a terrorist organization is the perfect example of people rallying to throw away their rights to get back at someone they don't like. It's the same shit all these people attack the right wing for
Feel free to go walk downtown
They aren't
I don't know what they are drinking. Maybe the box stuff? Yoohoo is a chocolate drink as it has always been
Those areas are defined as part of a separate metropolitan area, not Mobiles
&gt;It’s because mezco purposely doesn’t save them and dosent give a shit if you get your superman LOL that’s actually hilarious. You have to delete and read payment before preorder goes live. Just another shady business practice. No, it's because they put literally no effort into server capacity and responding to heavy loads on either site access or fund processing. I use PayPal, and they were rejecting that with the same error message. It has nothing to do with not saving card info - which they obviously do.
Unlike most horror icons, Bruce Campbell has been pretty successful and is a recognizable name and face. The small name horror icons behind like the original Jason and whatever happily attend minuscule horror cons in the middle of bumfuck nowhere
Show me one smiling
My point you glossed right over was 2018 and 2019 were pretty stacked despite having *no issue causing schedule compaction*. It makes sense 2020 would compact schedules to stop loss of an entire year of cinema
Don't talk about traffic around here. You will get a bunch of transplants talking about cities with notoriously bad traffic and thus traffic here is fine because that's totally how traffic should be judged
Giving Massachusetts to a republican for the first term isn't either
Democrats being unable to put forward a noteworthy candidate under 70 is not going to help them in 4 years
&gt;These are imported so they're passing those costs onto you. Of course, importing them yourself is cheaper, including shipping. Such as: AmiAmi is $92 + shipping (probably less than $30) HLJ is $100 Nippon Yasan also at about $100 CDJapan for *$89* This thing is tiny, it can't ship for that much. But everything looks sold out
I think you are *way* out of the right thread
Anyone with a booth at toy conventions or other cons selling toys is selling things *at least* at aftermarket rates - even if they bought the figure off shelf at a Walgreens on the way to the con. You aren't the only person in the world with a computer. You could maybe haggle with them since you are there in person, but that's not a societal thing in the US so it may get nowhere if anyone is even inclined. To assume otherwise may have been a bit of a pipedream.
People on here live in as much a naive fantasy lands as the conservatives they hate
There's a lot of fucking words that are neither "reform" nor "defund" How about "remake police" or "reshape policing" or anything else
&gt;This is more like a casual acceptance of those that sympathize with traitors That's not even in the ballpark of the takeaway or what's going on
Other than setting, no. And setting is all it takes to judge media in retrospect these days
Man, there's a whole discussion on morality and murder to be had here as well as assumptions clearly based off unnamed rpg system rules
Mezco One:12 Tamashii Nations Meisho Realization Tamashii Nations SH Monsterarts NECA Kenner Tribute (sort of 3 lines) NECA TMNT Movie series
&gt;Why does the race of the owner matter in either case? Because we are in another period of time where race of owner is one of the *most important* things about a business. Hopefully this dies down in a month and we can go back to judging businesses mostly on quality
So, uh, tomatillo is what makes sauce green, not spicy. You replace the tomatoes with it.
No, I'm saying *everywhere* uses tomatillos to make green sauce. It's literally the base component of green sauce
Most likely is *Handel's* gets run out of town and this guy just goes and does something else
&gt;That’s why I specifically stated that Los Arrieros uses jalapeños, and not tomatillos Jesus fucking Christ. So you are saying Los Arrieros, unlike literally every other Mexican food source, uses *jalapenos* as the base for salsa verde *instead of* tomatillos? Would you care to elaborate on how that works?
&gt;This is called "creating a strawman." OP created a hypothetical scenario where this openly racist bastard truly learned from the error of his ways as if he was hit with a bolt of lightning, apologized, and then committed at least some of his time and energy to fighting racism. That hasn't happened and is unlikely to happen. Also, it's a hypothetical so it's pointless to even do. You don't understand what a strawman is. &gt;This has allowed you to equate "ignorance racists" aka openly racist bastards like the Handels franchise owner with "people" **aka the millions of people who do not do the things he has done and say they are the same**. They aren't. That's a strawman. An argument you created for the purpose of easily defeating it. A hypothetical isn't a strawman, neither is identifying the common response to the hypothetical - which you have all happily played in to. &gt;Why jump through hoops using a hypothetical scenario in order to justify the false **idea that open racists are the same level of open-minded as everyone else**? Curious, do you think that means the same thing as what I said? Which, reminder, is that people who think themselves above racists also trend to close mindedness - hence their response to the hypothetical of "would you forgive a repented racist"
I will humor you. once It is not ordinary to name a business then say that it's black owned* but suddenly, this particular business has been named *and* "black owned!" 3 or 4 times by now and then also other places being named as alternative businesses but also "black owned!" This would surprise a casual observer because when businesses get mentioned, the race of the owner isn't identified. For example, see the two Mexican restaurant threads where every naming of a restaurant isn't followed with "minority owned!" Soomeone expresses surprise at this surprising event and you accuse them of trolling (and the guy who identified a non black owned alternate ice cream shop gets downvoted to ground as well). Then you are confused when I call that bullshit out. \*No one cares if other minorities own businesses, again, see the Mexican restaurant threads
.. What exactly did you ask them
Why do you think finding an alternative ice cream shop to one ran by someone who is a racist makes that search a microcosm discussion about racism?
You think cable networks just greenlight 4 seasons of shows with no one watching them?
Because NECA isn't allowed to sell them except at SDCC?
&gt;Patently untrue. NECA TMNT stuff has been sold (with pre-orders) via GameStop, BBTS, Entertainment Earth, and Dorkside. Maybe others? But those for sure. Except no? It seems turtles in time are allowed to sell through other retailers, but not movie or cartoon lines. Gamestop was the exclusive movie retailer. That's the deal they have to sell turtle figures at that scale Moreover, *none of those are NECA.* NECA only sells figures directly at SDCC. They have no fucking say in you finding shit in stores
&gt;like selling in target electronic sections, various online retailers, gamestop and now walmart That's an expanded limit. First it was SDCC only and now its specific line at a specific retailer. The cartoon line is only at target and movie line was only at gamestop (and much more recent than the cartoons) and is moving to Walmart. That's still exclusivity
You can flounder all day, he was still on two other shows that ran 4 seasons
"Runescape live action movie scheduled for 2020"
I'm pretty sure that is because he lost his belief in the war after losing his son
The line also does TNBA
That sounds about right
Those are all different and all insane Normal Leader, Mars Attacks Leader, Fu Manchu Leader
Because they are pretty high quality fabric bags that look good and are a decent size. I'm using one as a dust cover on a hobby light w/ magnifier. I think I kept hot wheels in one as a kid.. Now a better question is why sewing supplies are traditionally stored in those butter cookie tins
A child lock only cap? What kind of crap is that?
The point being more people would do it were it not illegal, despite any common sense. &gt;They are put in place as a mechanism for which to punish people for certain acts deemed illegal by a voted in electorate People generally do not vote on laws, so that's wrong
&gt;Chic fil a is doing better than ever in spite of people proclaiming boycotts Because the south loves Christian bigotry
If you are going to be a dick to all of your customers, you should be shamed
No, everyone else quarterbacking horribly depressing jobs is
Seems like a good time to retain a lawyer
"People do horribly depressing job. Make joke about horribly depressing thing" You, from the safety of your couch and desk/retail job: Omg, they are all monsters
Why would the players need multiple monitors? &gt;Why not just play over the telephone at that rate? In a thread about VTTs, this is a horribly dumb rhetorical question
Because last I checked, maptool had the learning curve of a particular space mmo. Why not use other free solutions or superior affordable solutions?
So, uh, what about all of them conservative subs? I see conservatives stray out of their echo chambers and then yell about "oppression" when people don't like their unsupported opinions that people don't agree with
It's a rally, not a protest
People who want to ascribe racism to everything
&gt;Another reason sheriffs win in police vs sheriffs Someone has no idea what the fuck is going on in Alabama's sheriffs offices. &gt;I know that people typically don't go down this road, but this right here is why "police" are not recognized by the constitution I don't remember there being a "Sheriff" article in there either This is all pure rose-tinted delusion created by some anti-police reactionary and parroted by other anti-police reactionaries with no thought or reason.
I fail to see why you don't understand the question I asked.
Those are 100% going to get removed. Tropic Thunder is going to hold on as long as it can
Their piecemealing these out is more annoying than not
&gt;it is intentionally bringing the memory of minstrel shows into the mind of the audience because they expect the audience to find it funny No, it isn't. &gt;Black comedians satirize white celebrities all the time without make-up and it isn't weird What black comedian does bits where they play white characters without white face
"Defund the police but make them still do those same things we don't want them doing" is actually what no one means by "defund the police", that's very impressive that you hit that cross section dead on
Their only option is basically to skip a year. Copaganda shows don't care because they are already copaganda. A show like this is caught between a rock and a woke place. Damned if they don't and damned if they choose wromg
Their just signaling to their crow friends who to rob if shinies
Or, moreover, "Who cares". What does that provide to the hearing impaired that background music is occurring? Captions aren't consistent enough to tell you what songs are playing, which are generally actually relevant, but they sometimes include the most mundane irrelevant shit
Another fine Alabama representative
NECA has really been going strong the first few years. I feel like Hasbro is being given bonus points for its licenses
Cool. Hope you enjoy 4 more years of Trump
I assume no one can request an en banc hearing
&gt;They are pulling a google! (having multiple services doing the same thing). No. Amazon prime music is included with Amazon prime. Amazon unlimited is a separate service that requires a separate subscription and they have been moving most popular music to unlimited *off* of prime music so the value of prime music is increasingly decreasing
Ok, produce that evidence
1) "They can," : that's racist 2) they are literally in (purposefully bad) white face in that fucking skit The white folks they use [here](https://youtu.be/3d053pPV_AA) are great, wwwaaiittt a minnuuttee
&gt;I think there would be similar complaints about Bumblebee Man or Fat Tony if they were the only Mexican or Italian characters on TV. Italian people have been stereotyped up as gangsters in tv and movies for, oh, about 50 years. Name an Italian character that isn't in the mob.
No one said all. You are however claiming a minority of the systems players generated entirely new product markets for some reason
&gt; There, have some free knowledge. I didn't know any of that. And I still don't.
You seem like a very cherry-picked facts oriented troll
&gt;the roku/amazon thing was a rookie ass mistake No it wasn't. It's cold, calculating corporatism being carried out by a multimedia behemoth The real question is how long after 7/31 does it go before one side or the other caves. Does AT&amp;TWarner start withdrawing its other apps from Roku and Amazon if they don't cave soon enough?
Fuck anyone else in your local area who also wanted one, I guess?
No, they said it was "before 1pm" then released at like 7 fucking am They were basically selling to bots
&gt;When bpop and rocksteady came out I saw like 8 at my local Target- I bought all 8 That's a weird way to say "I bought half their stock of 14"
The whole thing should be a fiasco.
Are you being sarcastic because you don't actually know what else he's voiced?
&gt;but there will always be the people who will call out studios for not finding a person whose voice fits and matches the character's race If we are going to bow to idiots who don't know how to achieve what they want, why not just go back to the white goold ole boys club.
&gt;Reverse the development process though and consider - why hire Kristin Bell to voice a character and then draw that character as any color except white? Good point, let's make her an adopted white child instead of biracial. Goal achieved, right?
You didn't say that. And given knee-jerk reactions around things like this, that everything you said you meant should not be decided until an investigation is concluded *cannot* be assumed
Damn near Johnny Depp
Orphan Black gets real fucking weird, but it's worth it just to watch Maslaney earn every Emmy they didn't give her
You realize there are black people not in BLM right? Like that episode of South Park where Randy is an idiot and kisses Jesse Jackson's ass but token is still mad because Jackson doesn't speak for black people
So do we have a board up for taking dates on when Mr Garrison's Fancy New Vagina gets removed?
&gt;But for years I have heard so many really talk this show up as one if the best animes. (Imo this crown should go to Death Note btw). Lol. If you aren't into it by 10, it's not for you
That's what I figured. It's still a lot of money, more if that's not all what you were spending on
&gt; The President of the United States retweeted a video of folks chanting "White-Power" at a rally earlier. Think about that for a fucking second. But how does that have anything to do with law enforcement?
No, I'm pretty sure a white guy jumping into other people's bodies to save history because those people aren't competent enough is fine.
Yet somehow none of it actually materialized
Including those places where cops joined the protest and no one heard anything further about the *entirely peaceful outcome*?
&gt;I talked to people who were at those protests, who were herded and "told to leave" while also being not allowed to leave It's called "kettling". A well documented since the occupy protest police practice
&gt;You know, when we 2nd Amendment supporters speak in such absolute terms about rights being infringed, we get called lunatic fanatics Because your shouting about your "rights being infringed" are when you are told you can't have fully automatic weapons, or can't carry rifles with you into every public and private building, or should register your firearms. You dare compare that to peaceable assembly? &gt;Keep your eyes open for the people saying that there should be "common sense" restrictions next, it'll come. Literally a Supreme Court standard. This is why you are called fanatical lunatics
Happening literally in the middle of the night probably was a lot of it. If a bunch of transformers blew and knocked out half the city , someone is getting chewed out for fucking up the routing. Probably could've been worse
The people elected Trump. After electing Bush. After electing Regan. After Nixon
&gt;I don't necessarily mean a house Yes, you did. And I did. Which is why I said it. *Buying* a whole nother *house* for supplemental income is *not* renting a fucking extra room.
&gt;[people](https://imgur.com/gallery/HjYjt2k) A whole album of people standing around, scandalous! The first person to do anything is a cop casually tossing a can of teargas &gt;[throwing shit at police](https://twitter.com/finessebryan/status/1268349297956999168?s=20) So after the cops start gassing and shooting the crowd? Not a very good argument that those actions are in response to violent protesters &gt;[and pulling guns](https://www.waaytv.com/content/news/LIVE-REPORT-Huntsville-police-George-Floyd-protesters-having-altercations-570940471.html) Where is the evidence they were protesters? &gt;[and confirmed everything was fine](https://www.reddit.com/r/HuntsvilleAlabama/comments/gvedmz/hd_video_huntsville_al_police_tear_gas_protesters/fsooslc/) Since you cited that I assume you accept a *counterprotester* pulled a gun and you are using *that* as a basis for violent reaction against the *protesters*?
Jojo rabbit is explicitly a comedy. It's dark in parts, but they are doing vaudeville routines in the midst
https://twitter.com/finessebryan/status/1268349297956999168?s=20
cool?
I smell a Bernie or buster who would gladly watch the US burn the fuck down just because an 80 year old man wasn't elected.
The problem is not auditing or anything, or not entirely - it's offices having to spend all their money or they don't get a reduction next year. It's politically driven dictated funding directions
