Well this makes me hate life.
He literally admitted to not being able to relate to and teach the younger players properly. He's still coaching like it's the 80s/90s and the game has passed him by
Shady Mccoy was dashing through the snow
Old school neck pad
And because his name is relatively bland, sadly.
Mike Brown was a game changer at strong safety.
We went 10-6 and missed the playoffs in 2012.
He wasn't on the 2010 team
Thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second
This is one of the worst I've ever seen.
We are a poor team.
Seabrook making the wrong play as usual
Seabrook was attempting to do something of value
"Conversations"
What was that play call though?
Mitch is rusty, I expect a better 2nd half
Think about it for a minute.
He's not usually
It was 4th and 8.
Delusional
He gave himself up so the play was over
Pull it back a little bit.
We've always been here, just with nothing to celebrate. This is a bullshit mentality to have, everyone always claims fans don't watch when the team is bad. They do, but enjoy your karma for bitching I guess?
THERE'S STILL A FEW
This joke has been played out.
Didn't make it as far in the playoffs = regression
Perron is hardly a 4th liner.
The cap value is for selling to vendors only. When you scrap items they break down into materials you can use to craft items.
You are probably right, but I think he's been pretty overrated his whole career.
The dance is fucking hilarious lol
First year I've had the pleasure of owning him. It's been great. Still missed the playoffs because I have the most points allowed by a wide margin in my league.
You're right...I drafted the Jags and they were ass for me
Aids
Fuck off
This aged well
So why not even attempt for the first down?
One first could have nearly ended the game. I don't get it
Lol...they could have run a quick hitch to keep the clock moving and possibly get a 1st.not even trying is stupid
How do you miss that..
Why did the clock stop..
As soon as he announced the penalty out should have
Jump to conclusions much?
All the Bears are missing is an elite kicker. What a poor decision we made.
I've always rooted for Philly teams and hated Pittsburgh teams. Never had a problem with you guys at all.
That's exactly what we're hoping for.
I've always heard Fangio isn't interested in being a head coach, but you never know I guess. I would take Rivera back if he's okay with being a DC again
At one point this season I was 3-7 with the most points scored in my league. That's about all that I need to say.
He's our missing piece this year. I can't help but think we're going to lose a big game at some point this year because of Parkey. Hopefully it doesn't happen
Jamaal is going to have a big game
QuIRky JoE
It will be a sad day when he retires from calling games.
Great analysis
Nagy knows Reid's tendencies from working under him. I'd say that would be a huge advantage for the Bears.
I guess I'm basing my comment on belichick's coordinators/players who have gone on to be coaches and did extremely well against him. Lions and Titans this year held NE offense to 10 points...especially the lions are hot garbage this year and owned the Pats because Patricia knew the schemes/players so well
real nice and deep like
Damn, fuck that guy for being competitive!
Everyone that plays sports is competitive. Except Jay Cutler
Can't wait until parkey ultimately loses us a playoff game lol
HAHAHA THERE'S A REAL FIELD GOAL KICKER
Why?
This just in: we aren't that good on the road...
How the fuck. Was that a first
I mean, he's had 3 extra points basically. What did you expect
I feel like every time we're on the road we get ass-raped by the refs. Not even bitching, I just want to see some consistency.
THAT WAS THE WIN TOO...HOLY FUCK WHY
Get fucked by the refs for 60 minutes/still win
Hope you're ready to miss the playoffs next week.
If we beat you guys the Eagles get in over you
This is a great idea
0 : BUF
Literally.
Had Adams Hopkins and Gordon in 1PPR...finished a whopping 6th place this year.
*snigle
Mel Tucker was the worst DC I've ever seen
Watson/Newton Adams/Hopkins/J Gordon/ Boyd/ Landry M Gordon/Michel/Peterson Ebron Zuerlein Baltimore D I finished 5 and fucking 9. Most points against bullshit.
Mel Tucker was possibly the worst DC in NFL history
Dudes
veird\*
Fuck off
That's some really bad announcing. God damn.
2 straight 100 yard games for Howard, so fucking stoked. Even the perceived "weak" parts of our team are rounding into form just in time for the playoffs
Because he's a forgettable coach
Someone post the previous pitch, which was near the middle of the zone and called a ball
Not even the pitch I'm talking about, but that was awful too
I love the ledge play too. Nicely done
I agree the calls were bad both ways. I was at work following on mlb.com and some of those pitches in the zone being called balls were so bad I thought it was glitching
Tomorrow (Sunday) will be the best day for me. The extra 200 isn't necessary.
Tomorrow (Sunday) will be the best for me. If you still have this
Do you still have the sledge? I've been busy can I pick it up tomorrow (Sunday)?
So why Heyward 5th? Russell deserves it, R-L-R is so old school
He bad recently
Sauce?
We can look so good, and then look like a pile of trash too. So which is it?
/r/circlejerk
Helpo
Sounds good. I'm on now GT is aXeAvengerx
Cubs have 2 levels of play. Top 3 team in the league, or trash. There's literally no in between.
Yep. He's a big clubhouse "glue" guy. Some people don't think it means shit, but this team needs that. See David Ross in 2016.
Whenever you're ready
Counter argument: don't die
This post is really old but I'll buy the executioners SS pickaxe if you still have it by chance
That will work. I'll message you
Join my world my camp is north of top of the world
No biggie. Thanks
So I guess just message me on Xbox when ur ready? Not sure what happened
What do you want for it?
I'll take it. When are you available?
I'm at work until midnight est. Sorry
I've been on overtime at work the last week. I won't be on until about 1130 central time tonight GT is aXeAvengerx
I'm really looking for instigating/SS. If that's what you have, I'll buy
Cool. I'll be on
If it's instigating/SS I'll take a look for sure.
Did it hit his glove in the air? If it hit the ground first, I think you have to rule it a hit
sounds good to me. im at work but I can get on in about 3 hours if youre available
my GT is aXeAvengerx
Holy fucking shit. This is the best RL clip I've ever seen
Pitcher. Kris Bryant is an elite hitter, but it seems like when he faces a guy for the first time he strikes out often
I'm on. Join me if you can
I'm online
NUT
There's a chance he's out all year/retires.
Lol, I was about to say the same thing
I'd upvote if I had fingers
Why do people comment this?
Would you do 3k for mutants pole hook?
Yes that works. Sorry for late response, I fell asleep. Now I'll be at work for the next 8 hours, but can get on afterwards. GT is aXeAvengerx, I traded with you once before
Bullpen bad, upvotes to the left
Ryan. I don't think brach can even be sent down
I remember watching highlights when I was younger, and I always enjoyed the first pitch of the inning HR before the scoreboard loads in. Something special about it
Gimme some Chatwood
I can be on in about 15 mins
Np, just let me know when you can do it
Cubs legend
This post is old but I'd buy the pickaxe if you still have it?
Old post, you still have this?
I can jump on now
+karma Sorry I cut ya off there lol. I'll be following your posts for ss melees, I'm interested in the instigating pitchfork but I'll probably make an offer this weekend if you still have it. Thanks!
I think it's time for this guy to do something
That's how he plays. I'd say 70% of the time it pays off, but there it didn't.
First ever matchup always favors the pitcher
He's never been good but damn he has been literally worthless for a long time now
3k
All good. I'm at work...I wouldn't have been able to get on for 5 more hours anyways
Just a heads up this mod is at Flatwoods vendor almost every time I'm there.
Deets
Well said. When he was on yesterday, Pat was struggling to call the play over his incoherent babbling. It was really cringey, and I got the feeling that Pat professionally "respects" Garlin, but he was thinking in his head that he can't wait for him to get the hell out of there.
I saw someone had one in their vending machine for 6666 caps. Like wtf
Shh don't tell everybody!
DOG WILL HUNT!
I don't think so. A guy told me he spammed a porta diner for like 6 hours until he got one. Cringe
Good win, but is Rizzo the worst baserunner in the league? Finally saw the highlight of that play, and good lord that was some little league shit. Idc if the ump maybe confused him. To stop running with 2 outs, and then lightly jog home and not even slide(!!) What the fuck, Tony. Glad it didn't matter in the end.
Tony Rizzo might be the worst baserunner in the league.
I do agree that Zack sucks.
He gets thrown out at the plate more often than David Hasselhoff plays in the sand.
I'll buy instigating pitchfork @2500 GT aXeAvengerx
Maybe one day we will end this drug test meme. It's not even remotely funny anymore
I'm gonna give it a little bit, if no other offers its yours
I already have it learned. But good to know
Someone bid 2.1k (lol)
2.5 is high bid now
Sure, maybe like 250? So are you out for buying the recipe then?
3 boiled water, 2 nuka cola, 3 snaptail reeds, and 5 wood. I can provide materials, how many do you want
Ok sold, I'm on now join my world GT is aXeAvengerx
Ok I got you join my world GT is aXeAvengerx
+karma
I'm not part of the team pal.
Stalkers pickaxe would you do 2k? Edit: Sorry just saw the trade part
Boxing glove Max level? And pa means +40 attack damage?
Maybe take them out of your vending machine before posting on here then?
This makes his contract worth it! /s
I've already heard Kimmel
I am interested in this. How much you want?
I'll pay 4k right now
aXeAvengerx
I'll take the instigating pitchfork @2500 GT is aXeAvengerx
+karma
What kind of SS weapons do you have in stock?
Ok it's all yours. GT is aXeAvengerx. Join me
+karma
So why are you acting like a child here? I don't see anything cringey about this post. Grow up
+karma Thanks again
I'll take it. The professor with a lead is scary stuff
Felix Pie
Dude what the hell?
Fucking yikes. Don't even want to think about it
Oh. We're playing little league defense now
Such a shitty take. These guys are major leaguers, they should have the fundamentals down
This home plate ump seems to be on point so far
Wtf was that?
We don't deserve Kyle Hendricks
They don't have any original thoughts
Bote is the most clutch player on the team. I don't think it's even particularly close
Espn broadcast with the cringe? I can't believe it
MadBum is the old man yells at clouds guy of the MLB
Kyle is ballin out there
Is this guy really that difficult to read? Some awful swings so far.
Ok, he's been better lately but I don't think I want to see edwards against their 2-3-4 guys in the 8th.
DAD
Tailing liners up the middle are fun to watch
Yeah seems like an obvious oversight, that could have filled up 5 innings by now
"Nearly rounding 2nd base, Rizzo is rung up by Tripp Gibson"
Inject this shit directly into my veins
Cargo has been a nice fit in the lineup so far.
Fucking yikes edwards. No strikes yet
You must like having heart attacks
See, there was no reason to use edwards here. I don't like it
Fucking lol. You must not have been watching him earlier this season
Called it
It's almost as if there's other guys in the pen.
So what do we think of Hottovy so far?
I have a hunters combat armor RA with WWR and +endurance. It's Max level
Hmm...3k?
That works. You on now?
Yep I'll take it. You on now?
GT is aXeAvengerx join my world
+karma
+karma Thanks
Actually I disagree here. I think coaching influences professional sports quite a bit. The Red Sox offense took off after they fired Chili. We were near the bottom of the league in HRs last year, and this year we are on pace for a franchise record of them! There are philosophical differences you can clearly see. And another example is (different sport so take it however you want) the St. Louis Blues this year. A mid-season coaching change took them from dead last in the league to a win away from the Stanley Cup right now.
Not sure which one this guy sold you, but I have the cranberry moonshine recipe if you want it
Sure. You on now?
+karma
It was
Saw that coming from 10 miles away
It's almost like he's just not a very good pitcher anymore.
Probably because Murphy on deck owns us too
Sure seems that way
instigating Tambo 2k
Damn that was an incredible sunset.
That's kinda hilarious
I can do that. Give me like 20 mins?
Man I hate playing the Rockies.
Were you expecting something different?
They have the worst announcers in the league imo
That was pathetic
Damn there is level 55 stuff now?
Ok my GT is aXeAvengerx I'm on now, just let me know if I get it. Thanks
Hey bud, would you mind giving me karma? I'm trying to build up my reputation as a trader. Thanks
+karma Thanks!
Cool, omw
+karma damn what a hero, I would have paid for it lol
I appriciate it
Sell them to vendor for 9 caps apiece with hard bargain. Good income
Is there a way to check your stats?
You seem to be appearing offline. GT is aXeAvengerx, need an invite
+karma that was strange haha
I'm heading to work in about an hour, just let me know and we can try to meet tonight
At least it isn't COORS.
Apparently a lot of people still don't know there's a set spawn for this. Someone told me they sold one for 6666 caps the other day.
Goood. I'm not mad yet
The thing I've noticed is that they all seem capable of getting clutch 2 out hits, too. It seems like Colorado always gives us a lot of trouble
What do you want for the instigating crossbow?
Man Sheets was fun to watch. Gotta love Berman doing highlights too. His energy is contagious
Damn, the Rockies have some of the worst fans on this sub.
Fuck. The. Rockies.
It uses your special stats from adventure mode. I have 9 luck so I was able to equip bloody mess(9 points). I have 15 strength and agility, so I could equip a 9-point and a 6-point card from both categories if I wanted to. But you can only have 7 cards total equipped
I'll have to take a look at my inventory. You looking for armor or weapons?
It's just the beta. So they might implement something like that
Sorry, can't help you there. I'm mainly an all melee character. I just wanted a nice crossbow to play with. If you end up freeing up some room, I'll buy it though
FYI, you don't need 3 different crossbows to repair. You can repair the same one 3 times. And it doesn't have to be completely broken, shoot it a few times until it's down to 99% and it will let you repair it again
I just roamed around the forest killing things for the 50 kills, and was able to repair it 3 times by the end. There's a crossbow spawn at palace of the winding path, you could probably pick one up there
Shooting a guy that is already down takes zero skill, the guy that actually downed him during a battle deserves that kill. Just like every other BR game. Not sure how you're not understanding that. Plenty of times I've downed 2-3 guys in a row and then told my noob teammates to finish them off while I engage the last couple of guys. What do you know, I took out the whole team but my teammates have more kills than me, even though they literally didn't help at all. That's what doesn't make sense.
Same here. NW coinciding with me kind of running out of things to do on adventure mode..it will be awhile until I play it again
I'll buy the mutants 50 Cal @6750 GT aXeAvengerx I'll be on in a couple hours
Guise, I'm starting to think the Dodgers are just a better team than we are.
I'm getting on now, you on?
I'll be on for a little while longer, just message me on XBL when you are ready. If not tonight I probably won't be on again until Sunday
Dude. The pie has a spawn on the roof of West tek
I'm getting the sense that most of the people that play NW don't have experience with other BR games. I understand wanting XP, but hiding the entire game is bogus as hell. I know the game is about survival, but trust me the real exhilaration is getting kills and being a part of fast paced action with your team. You will not have fun hiding for an entire game. Edit: I get it, y'all are noobs. Keep hiding and I'll keep racking up wins 👍
Damn. Highest I've seen is 460.that's just crazy
Darvish is pitching great while Kyle and Lester got lit up. Wtf is going on!
He's in the zone, also our bullpen is taxed. I can see it. At least until there's a baserunner
I mean, Buehler is pretty damn good
You love to see it!
Best start as a Cub. Of course we have scored zero runs to support him
Fuck yeah. It's so damn loud
I'm happy but damn I want Javy to pull it together
For real tho.
How to blow a save in 4 pitches
Only logical explanation
I don't get to watch many games...but that was a beauty! Cubs win!
I miss this dude
When your team takes the L but you need that sweet karma
The fact that you guys were able to keep him through all of those blockbuster trades is ridiculous. Meanwhile the Cubs traded their best hitting and pitching prospects (Eloy and Cease) for Quintana. Fucking lol
Lol. It's level 25 bro
I'll be on in about an hour to pick up the mutants .50 Cal @6250. I'll message you on XBL
+karma Thanks again man
Instigating crossbow 4k
What are the details? 1,2,or 3 star? And max level right?
I've done the daily 70+ times and the only drop I never got is tick blood tequila sunrise. If I come across high voltage hefe again, I'll sell it to you. Like the other guy said firecracker whiskey isn't in the game
What do you want for it? Not sure what 1 stars go for really.
Nice, that does sound pretty powerful. So do you carry around a lot of chems and alcohol then?
I have some 3* armor, but like the title said I was mainly wanting to pay caps
Junkies crossbow 2k? Also I apologize I won't be able to get on for 5 hours if I do get it.
Thanks for the info. How long do addictions last? Do they wear off like diseases?
I've never used a junkies weapon before, so I wasn't exactly sure what they are worth. I'm interested in starting a junkies build and honestly I'm kinda clueless how to start it.
Strode has been here forever, but why doesn't he get more flack for the bullpen sucking? I'm honestly curious.
Ill throw in an extra 500 caps for the help&amp;info. thanks. so 2.5k unless you get better offer
Im at work for another hour and a half sorry man. I might be able to do 530 a.m.
GT is aXeAvengerx whats yours?
Heading home now, be on in 5-10
Ok take it you're asleep. I'll be on at 530 ET to do the trade
+karma Thanks
You're not gonna get any decent 3 star for under 2k.
If you still have this tomorrow I'll probably buy it. Just went low on caps but I'll have 4k tomorrow.
I have a chest piece with WWR and I think +agility. But I need at least 1.5k for it.
My teammate and I experienced a bug last night where if you get downed while firing a fully auto weapon, when you get revived the gun continues shooting for about 30 rounds (not even touching the trigger) and you can't stop it. Just ridiculous
I'm on Xbox and it's happened to me once.
Yep. When I got revived it shot off the remaining 15 rounds in my clip, I reloaded, and it still kept shooting (!!) Fucking lol
its max level. i wont be on for 5-6 hours though
This whole team is so inconsistent.
Upvotes to the left
It's starting to feel a lot like "Fuck this team" again
That's just fucking sad.
Fuck the Cubs
We all did
He likes doing the double off day, whether it makes sense or not
I messaged you on XBL, message me on there when you are ready. I might be playing nuclear winter here soon
Nvm, my Xbox messages are glitched, I'm joining you now
+karma
I'm central but I work 2nd shift. I don't get off until 11 pm
I can get frustrated with the team if I want. I'm not gonna stop supporting them
I'm hoping for an update next Monday, after 2 weeks they have some obvious fixes/changes to be made on NW
Yeah I think we can squeeze it in there. GT?
Thanks for the numbers, I was curious how they worked.
One of the reasons we have been a poor team the last few years is because we had no money to sign decent free agents. We have some space now, but that's 2 years of the core basically wasted because the team depth was shit.
No, because Stan will send them someone good like Joki or Boqvist
Chiarelli isn't there anymore
Let's go jonny
He's a Golden boy. He doesn't do anything wrong
They aren't, actually. Edit: who's in the booth? Benetti is good, stone is decent. Unless Hawk is back they aren't that bad.
DADDY
Yes sorry I'm joining you now
+karma Sorry that glitch has been happening to me lately the accept trade wouldn't pop up. Thanks for cheaper price too!
Wasn't he hitting 100 when he was younger?
It's honestly incredible how bad we've played and still somehow have managed to be in 1st place. Thanks, Dads!
And to think, I used to like him. Thanks again, Marlins.
The Dodgers can get rid of Wood, Puig, and Grandal and they are still the best and deepest team in the NL. No fair.
What a fucking baller
Poop
The cards really got lucky. They got all of his best years, didn't have to pay him and didn't have to deal with his decline.
Lmfao that throw
PiTcHeR BaTTinG 8tH Edit: let's fucking gooo
Bote should try to take 2nd so Javy can score on the throw
Holy shit that was at least 6 inches outside
He did until recently
I still hate KB in the outfield
I have the slightest hope that he comes back in September and really makes our bullpen look great.
That's literally why I posted this..he nearly misplayed it and he's at a bigger risk to get injured out there
Never post again.
Rizzo is such a trash baserunner
Eloy wouldn't have done that
Mannn what a joke hit
Cuz lefties usually pull it to the right side.
But he's trying so very hard out there! It's okay, it's just a game! 🤓
That would make the Eloy trade even less worth it
Math is hard.
What's worse, that BS or him striking out looking?
1st place team
Lol. And that's my cue to stop watching today. What the hell
Fuck. The Dodgers have so many good, likeable players
CoSt CoNtRoLLeD StArTeR
Fuck my ass.
Fucking LOL what an egregious exaggeration. What the actual fuck.
What a shitty take. PK is overrated
2k
Not a problem
Wtf he owns us worse than Murphy.
I can jump on now, I'll join you what's your GT
Good to get a run there, but god damn Rizzo get thrown out on the bases much?
+karma
"I'm going to ignore logic and stats and just stick to my poorly thought out opinion"
I've never had doors on my camp, nobody messes with my stuff and it doesn't ever get destroyed. So I'm not sure why everybody worries so much
Cool, that's right about the time our trash bullpen will be entering the game tonight. So excited!
Now this is an interesting idea.
He* wrote homers originally lol
Why are we going in the Braves sub anyways?
for real
It's very cringey when Kershaw reacts like that.
Thank you for this post! I couldn't find a withdrawals list anywhere. I'm doing a melee build and don't want any strength penalties.
One question though, do you know approx how many of each Chem it takes to get addicted? I have 10 mentats atm, will that do it or should I wait until I have more? I'd rather just do it all at once.
Not coming to Xbox? I saw PC/PS4 but no Xbox 😢
He was given his fortune. He isn't even a good businessman.
Why. Are. We. In. The Braves sub?
All the bad players went to other games. Most of the players left are elite.
Just when you think Yu is turning the corner, he goes out and Darvishes like that.
David Ross was the x factor
Hi delusional, I'm dad
You're grounded.
There's still people that defend him which blows my mind.
bad situational baseball. same old story
There's disagreement, and then there's just plain ignorance. Choosing to ignore all the stats and signs of it in front of your face.
What kind of chems do you have?
I just bought your Daddy-O, daytripper and some aluminum. Thank you 👍
What junkies melees do you have?
Butt stuff
Damn, I'm going to work in a couple hours. GT is aXeAvengerx, we can meet up eventually I'm sure
6 man rotation
Goood baseball
The Braves offense is what I was hoping our offense would be.
We missed the Braves best pitcher this series (Soroka), managed to keep their offense relatively in check (until today), and are playing at home yet on the way to losing 3 out of 4. Not a good look
Can't forget about Ozzy
Who doesn't?
You're spare parts bud
A couple of good outings in a row, but he's had a pretty bad year overall
He wouldn't be having the season he is with us where he would be sitting on the bench. Things like this happen, he deserves to start. Just move on and things will be fine
Almora really doesn't deserve it, so I get where they are coming from a little bit
You mean you don't like inaudible babbling and not knowing what's going on in the game?
The last couple of years their pitchers have been hitting our guys with tons of pitches, and one of them injured Kris Bryant last year. And then their fans have just generally been asshats to the Cubs players and fans in game threads, etc. Trust me I used to like the Rockies but mainly their fans on Reddit have really rubbed me the wrong way recently. Everybody says cubs fans are bad but rocks fans are the biggest whiners in /r/baseball
Watch a Cubs game. Joe Maddon will call a squeeze in the worst possible situations (with a guy at the plate who sucks at bunting) and kill rallies. It's worked a few times, but it's also backfired quite a bit.
Really not even sure what that is supposed to mean
Fuck
When will you be on next?
1.5k
He had a few nice games, but in general he was pretty bad. Still it was cool to see him in a Cubs uni
+karma
There's a spawn for this
2k
Yep
What's bad is I have no confidence when we play the Reds. They seem to hammer whatever pitcher we throw out there.
Puig did one of his patented hand motions on the previous pitch which wasn't close to the zone. I think he was annoyed that Strop seemed to be pitching around him.
Very obviously wasn't intentional, it was a slider
Umm wouldn't it be east?
Do we fill PNC as well as GABP though?
I was dumb and trying to do a quest in the ash heap at level 8. I got annihilated several times before I gave up
You going to be online today?
Are you still on by chance? What's gt
Well I just like vendor hopping lol but interested in long coat and longshoreman outfit
What a joke. A Reds fan can gift his team an out.
Other guy responded first, so what's your offer so we can figure this out
I'll sell it to you for 3k
When will you be online and what's GT? I'm aXeAvengerx
It's referring to 2019.
Joel HOFer? Confirmed.
I didn't want Castro back on the Cubs like some people, but him to the Brewers is just nightmare fuel.
This is pretty obvious
This is really dumb. You are getting upset about people supporting their hometown team. Like Jerry said, grow up. And maybe find a new job if you're too fragile to handle it.
Or maybe vote somebody actually deserving of it
Tell me how Toews missed that empty net?
Do people still wear watches? I never understood the appeal of them.
Somebody should hire Chris Tabor, but only because he sucks ass and I hate him
Of course you like it, because it benefitted your team.
Illini have a decent year (finally) and probably their best coach is poached. Feels bad man
He is that random guy who you think sucks, but then he hits clutch home runs all the time. I'm sure he will annoy me this year.
Holy shit, they have to be in a coma after that. Incredibly brutal
r/unexpectedrickastley
It's pretty satisfying seeing the ticker go from 100 alive to 99.
&gt;Seahawk's
Packers flopping here. Classy
Don't be this guy
After you get past the thick layer of memes, there is quite a bit to be learned on Reddit actually.
This is the worst comment I've ever seen on Reddit. Holy shit
Found the 12 year old
Best episode in the series easily.
The passive aggressive stuff is a bad look. Get some help.
I have an idea. Shut up.
Fucking LOL
Packers and pats fan, you are a terrible person
Holy shit this is clean
Finally getting some depth, we can't let it go
I'm considering anybody not a part of the core to be depth. We won cups because of the core and a strong supporting cast. We are slowly acquiring/developing players to get back to being a contender imo
That's my boy :')
This just isn't true
Z smith flops 2-3 times a game and then is mysteriously fine a few plays later. His act is getting old
Slow down!
Last place here we come
Not even close
"It" ? You ungrateful piece of shit
No actually. I bet there is zero correlation for this. Most people like a warm up game
r/im14andthisisfunny
I've heard conflicting reports about this.
I see that now. Thanks. So sad
The Gears franchise has really fallen off a cliff. I'm glad I didn't waste my money on this trash game.
Is this supposed to be funny, clever, or what? Because it's really not.
I don't. I support a fairly called game on both sides. Umps ringing up guys to satisfy their large egos (or just because they are blind) isn't fun to watch. Even if it's benefitting my team
Holy shit I laughed so hard
I remember the elation of my first win. It was incredible. Nowadays a 6+ kill win brings me back to that feeling. Congrats and well done!
So pathetic that this shit is still happening. That's why people hate and love this game
158 days played in a little over a year. Kind of ridiculous
There are rich people out there that don't need to work or can't work, and they find entertainment from watching streamers. Not sure if this applies to him, but I'm sure he's pretty well off to be donating that much. 1K to fuzwuz is probably $20 to a normal person.
Just slightly different bullet velocity
One of KB's good RBI years? 2015 or 2016.
This is an amazing stat
There's a sub for literally everything on reddit. And even some things you didn't know existed
How about the caps spent in your vending machines stay in the vending machines and you have to collect it manually?
Now do it with the salary cap
Minnesota taking another L
Holy shit, this is super impressive
Did you did the gex?
Found the 12 year old
Probably biggest manager fail of all time honestly. It's such an obvious move in that situation
That's not snow. That's cum
Only difference is Iowa. Is the triple A affiliate now
Why are we still allowing heyman tweets?
That's my boy 😭
That dominant postseason that got bickell a fat contract
Ugh, I actually liked campoli other than that play
Abdelkader. That guy that was never good but is somehow still in the league. That continues to surprise me
Exs are never the answer, my guy.
I just started a new playthrough. First time since getting a 4k tv, and I was taken aback how much better it looks. Holy shit.
It doesn't upset me bud. The internet is full of trolls so sometimes it's hard to tell who's trolling and who's not. Keep doing you man, fuck what other people think.
