Murakami’s writing for me is more about mood than anything else. I am normally a plot and character person, but there is something about how he writes that just fascinated me from start to finish. I know that saying it is a dream world he depicts, but that is exactly what he brings to mind. His characters and plots seem like they are what my brain comes up with while I dream, and the women are written as if my brain is trying to make sense of the women in the dream. Less, this is what women are. and more this is what men imagine women are like.
And no regrets!
Does one of these cards exist in each car? If so can you swap them? Problem moves with card then you know for sure. If not then something else.
Lots of moving parts on a helicopter.
Oh I know. Just pointing out that sometimes complicated stuff works great. Would argue that well engineered stuff breaks less than poorly engineered stuff regardless of the number of moving parts.
Finger guns isn’t exactly the shocker. Well maybe a sci fi kind of looking gun.
It was a modern Greek Tragedy. People were expecting some sort of reversal of fortune and the movie steered into that. But Howie was never going to end up happy.
Except that data might actually point to things that are protected classes being a large factor. So you codify that and really open yourself up to a lawsuit. Or you ignore it and end up with a worse system than you currently have.
For some reason you think I agree the lady should get $300,000. I would have to hear a shitload more to convince me she did. Yet explaining the mechanics and why her asking that amount isn’t patently ludicrous. Companies are difficult to hold to account as they just fire a scape goat and move on. You can throw a company in jail for a few days to straighten them out. No matter what citizens united found, companies are clearly not people. Money settlements are about all you can get from them.
And I guess I have not been clear. Marriott would certainly have done the math and figured they would be better off not making everyone sign this just in case one or two people freak out and sue them. Instead they get the benefit of the policy when their desk clerks think they should enforce it at the risk of a few lawsuits they are likely to win.
Yeah. Wouldn’t argue with him either.
This presumes that everything belongs to the person who got cheated on. Not the right way of looking at it. The couple owns the assets jointly. When they split they split the assets they jointly owned. And that seems reasonable. Alimony is where I think a cheater should be penalized. If you cheat on someone, they shouldn’t have to pay you alimony ever.
Using their powdered sugar dispensers to sweeten the coffee seems completely decadent and wrong...but oh so right.
Ok, have you ever tasted tree bark when you were a kid? Overlay that with a light roast coffee. That is what it should taste like. Sounds like it would be horrible, but really is quite good imho.
There are plenty of good reasons. Couples make deals that can effect the earning potential of both parties. Wife has an offer for a job with a large salary in a different city, but it means I have to quit a promising career in this city. I have a chance to become a high paid doctor but it requires working 100 hrs/week to start. Wife quits job to manage house losing experience in her chosen field. Alimony is intended to give spouses time to make up for sacrifices they made career wise because of the marriage.
Clearly a Y2.02K problem!
I remember having to move the stick back and forth quickly while levitating? That game was truly horrible.
It is called common law marriage. Many states don’t require you to walk down the aisle to be married. And those are the ones where alimony might apply outside a traditional marriage.
I haven’t been to one... yet today. But on the way 😀
I just started playing that way the first time I played. Was shooting alone at a table so had no one to tell me I was doing it wrong. Played that way ever since. I do shoot pretty well righty when I have to but it just never feels right.
Some use weight. Some use diameter difference. Some use magnets. The “big” cue ball ones used to be the standard in the US but over the last few decades they have moved to the magnetic CB almost exclusively. The big one is tough to draw with and can affect shots a bit. Definitely better to have the magnet ball.
Sopranos. Six Feet Under. Lots of HBO stuff.
Prison gyms are nice...well they are gyms at least.
Neither Trump or his followers will go to war. They will happily send the poor and or black to war in their stead.
Not everyone should advance into the warped world at your age. Just because you are a prodigy doesn’t mean your friend is too.
Yeah, back then they would have had really small boards. Those are long boards.
I disagree completely. I saw it more of a movie about someone with completely unrealistic expectations who gets violent when the things they feel they are entitled too aren’t supplied to them. And how society is kind of sympathetic to that. Arthur isn’t funny but thinks he should be a famous comedian. He thinks the Waynes owe home recognition when he isn’t related to them. He thinks the girl should be his when he has never really talked to her. You can sympathize with what Arthur is going through but I don’t see how you can be on his side.
Normally called a bumper. You can check Mueller and Seiberts websites to see if they have replacements available for your cue brand. Or just google replacement bumper for &lt;insert your cue brand here&gt;.
Dean Koontz covers pretty much everywhere but Maine. So between the two you are screwed. Was driving from KC to visit my relatives for Thanksgiving and popped Mr Murder audiobook in to pass the time. Started with a serial killer driving out of KC on a Thanksgiving. Kind of freaked me out.
Also Fear Nothing and Strangers. Life Expectancy was batshit crazy. Always concerned by clowns but you telling me they are essentially the mafia? Shiver...
Hijinks? LMAO! That is one way to put it.
You definitely have all the twins from Wolves of the Calla. Can’t remember any other twins off the top of my head.
The ones scheduled far in advance are somehow OK with you?
Actually a mallet in the book iirc.
Or a very good Oy.
Blaine’s a pain.
I am convinced he was just fucking with his agent/publisher and they called his bluff. OK. The new book will be great. Our hero. A Baker! An amazing Baker! And he has...webbed toes. And he is the love child of a scion of the clown mafia and the scion of trapeze artists. And he is good, except he knows he is totally fucked on three dates some lady told him about when he was a kid. Sounds amazing right! Wait, it does? Man, I was just screwing with you. No way that will work. We already have an advance for it. Shit. OK. Let’s do clowns.
I really feel sorry for all the people who will die because of this stupid mother fucker and all the stupid mother fuckers that voted for him. Politics are one thing but putting a dangerous, dumb, criminal in charge used to be a thing both parties could agree was a bad idea.
I was guessing it was transcribed from a voice to text function. I think someone just read a document they got from somewhere rather than retyping it and didn’t bother editing the resulting pile of word goo.
The creepiest part was how banal the car became. I could see that happens. Someone has something insane they find and just sit on because dealing with it is too much hassle.
Wear absorbent shirt, wring out into different glass and drink remainder.
Those books/videos are great. Helped my 9 ball break a bunch.
The same principle of looking for the gap and breaking from that side applies. The difference is that there isn’t a wired ball like there can be in 9 ball. There are a few tricks if you see gaps in particular spots in the second dvd.
Second is racking secrets 2. Adds some stuff not in the first. Namely he goes through different methods of the actual break stroke to increase power. He covers the ten ball break more and has some additional stuff for 8 and 9.
Probably up on the eight floor.
Was he a dick to a guy who he didn’t know who had accosted his son? Yes. Could be a dick in general. But we see his dickishness from the perspective of Arthur. So do we really trust it? After all there were complete scenes and interactions with a girl that were not real. And even if he really was a complete dick, do you think that makes him Arthur’s father? Doesn’t follow that they aren’t mutually exclusive.
Running for mayor makes him a dick? You see his attitude anytime other than when he was interacting with Arthur?
I don’t know the timeline of when she exhibited mental health problems, when she was no longer working for the Waynes, or when she adopted Arthur. We don’t know she was single at the time. A child who is adopted is treated exactly the same as a natural born child so remaining with an adopted mother after she was institutionalized is exactly as likely as if he was he natural child. But all those arguments aside, would TW being his father excuse anything that he did? Of course not. You might have an argument if he shot TW in the head on tv. Not a good one mind you.
Again everything is from the perspective of Arthur. We know he sees shit. He is effectively an unreliable narrator so how do you trust what he thinks he saw?
And I said you are entitled to your opinion. I am entitled to mine. Arthur only thinking he was wronged by the Waynes fits much better into the pattern of his reactions imho. The writer(s) and director know that the audience will look for excuses for his actions so we can empathize with him and steer in that direction. But they never quite give you a independent trustworthy confirmation that Arthur’s conspiracy theory is true. I like to think that Arthur buying into his mother’s delusion is a sign he really went over the edge and was completely schizophrenic. YMMV.
Not sure how comfortable it would be shoving him in your ear though...
There is a company selling such a tool. It is fairly inexpensive but only works with a few projectors which aren’t particularly cheap. May work with others, I think this is them https://projectionprobilliards.com/
Some people just want to shoot the dog and watch the world burn.
When it comes down to it you do what you are taught. Snooker players use open bridges to some extent because snooker players have always used open bridges. Closed bridges would have to give a decisive advantage to get snooker players to switch. And snooker balls are slightly smaller which means that a closed bridge might not work as well as it would be harder to get it as low as an open bridge.
To make a date so that manufacturing can begin in time to get the product in stores as quickly as possible. Rarely do designers have as much time as they like to create something. Usually product lines are refreshed at particular intervals, new products are pushed to either match competitors offerings or to beat them to market.
Maybe $50 - $100 if you are lucky. Looks like a fairly basic model. If in great condition it might be worth slightly more.
Know a guy who blew up a motor in a BMW Z3. He says Jiffy Lube forgot your tighten the radiator cap after they serviced it and the coolant drained out. Can’t imagine how you could let it overheat so badly it slags the engine without smelling the coolant. It’s like a weed smell; smell it once and you can pick that odor up from a faint whiff.
GalaxyQuest 2 confirmed!
Been playing with Predator for over twenty years. No better production cue imho. There are some as good and some of those are slightly cheaper. But Predator is what I will continue to use.
And much less sandbagging. Don’t forget that.
And Plasmas. Plasmas were really bad about this.
According to my Indian friends, pickles are very different things than what we have.
File names. Usually you can provide a list in order of what file to bring up when the foot context of a folder is accessed.
Happens a lot less in BCA because of how the handicap works in my experience . Just not as much advantage gained by sandbagging and harder to control your handicap and still win. Not saying it can’t be manipulated in a BCA style league, but I haven’t really seen it.
Common misconception about APA. Winning doesn’t make you go up, though that is part. Mostly it is about how many innings you have in games you win. Get your innings down and win and you will go up.
Been telling people for years if you want to go to Vegas, save your dues, your weekly fee, and what you spend on food/booze and buy a ticket yourself. It is incredibly unlikely that you will make money in APA even given the possibility of Vegas.
I believe the matches were supposed to be played at stranger’s houses which pretty much told me this was doomed regardless of the pyramid scheme. Who the hell wants to do that. I barely want to be in a bar with moat league players and sure they fee the same about me 😜
Nope. All missing sockets ascend to the 10mm heaven five minutes after they are misplaced. This is known.
Nah, it’s bad because those little bastards walk off entirely on their own. Could have Tom Hanks working on the car and that socket would be gone when the car is returned.
You think he is smart enough to take an out? No chance.
I am sure plenty of folks died. If they aren’t Americans it really doesn’t make me feel any better. Iran wasn’t targeting people who were opposed to us I am sure.
Tangerine man don’t play that.
And Winner Ref is also a term I am not familiar with.
Wild ass guess is Don’t Use The Triangle Yourselves . Like when in school you had your neighbor grade your quiz, you get a player from the table next to you to rack for you 😜
Do it in the oven just right and the sugar turns into a hard candy like layer while the bread is still soft and buttery. So good.
Stand as close to the table as you can and keep your feet flat on the floor. Your shoulders should mimic the angle of the jump cue as much as possible. Do this by raising the back shoulder as you Jack the butt of the cue up, while lowering the front shoulder. Aim before you elevate the cue by siting down the shot as if it was a normal shot and the obstructing ball wasn’t there. Pick a spot on that line within six inches or so of the cue ball. Aim to jump over that spot. Aiming at the actual OB will hurt your neck once you Jack up. Confidence in the jump is key. If you have doubts it won’t work. So just go into it confident it will work. Being a dumb optimist helps tremendously. Your stroke doesn’t have to be real hard and you are probably elevating higher than you need. I picture the cue ball as an apple and pretend you are trying to spear the Apple to its core with the jump cue. That is basically the stroke you need. Your contact point is one of the hardest parts to find. The easiest way is to pick what angle you want to hit the CB and you’re a line at that angle going directly through the center of the CB. Then raise the cue up about one tip above that. Do not have a death grip on the back hand. Should be holding butt lightly and swinging it at the CB. Good luck.
Spent many of my childhood weekend mornings playing broiler roulette. Getting it out before it started burning but after it got crunchy was fairly tricky.
No chance. Something like that would break everyone. Probably what people are saying, a coach layer issue. The authentication token is being cached and sent to more than one users (for efficiency). Or the coach is incorrectly caching dynamic pages and delivering them with whoever hit the page first.
Was thinking the same thing.
A piece of paper in the pockets to catch the dirt addresses that.
Never saw anyone iron a table till I traveled to Wales to watch a snooker tournament. Had no idea that was a thing. Most cloth in the US is a worsted wool that doesn’t really have a knapp so probably not really necessary here.
Yeah. But their system should have the radar not only actively looking for plane returns but also looking for transponders. My guess is they panicked when they saw the signature appear and didn’t wait for/see the transponder showing it was a commercial jet. If you have just fired missiles at the worlds largest military power, maybe you should close down your airspace for the day?
They set radars up with floors to keep things like buildings and mountains from popping up on them. So an airline would pop up as it reached whatever floor elevation the radar was set to.
That would be a horrible oversight in the design if so. Should be looking for IFF type transponders as well as commercial transponders.
They evidently warned the US through Iraq that they were going to attack so not sure why they wouldn’t close the airspace.
The two things aren’t mutually exclusive. Let me explain. I remember reading about a boxer who only started counting reps of something after he was in pain/exhausted. Those were the only reps that counted as they were the difficult ones. If you are learning something new, then struggling past difficulty doesn’t really help much long term. However when practicing easy, getting to the point you struggle with it and work through it is the only way to help yourself.
Check out ZeroX billiards from Tor Lowry. Videos and books. Check out the inner game of tennis for help with the mental side. Not about pool, but still applicable.
Looks like lime cobbler. Didn’t know that existed or that it was traditionally served in a rusty engine.
Comfort is a big thing with me. I play much better when I am comfortable. If tables are too close together, people are standing around the table, the floor is uneven, etc... I have a tough time. Basically I am thinking with my conscious mind and not letting my subconscious mind just play. The other thing is that the table itself can cause problems. Some cloth is slicker/faster than others and that can throw you off and lead to more scratches and bad position. Some tables are really dirty and a slow ball will roll off after hitting chunks here and there. You will find that you have to adapt your game quickly to the table you are on.
Made me a saltaholic, but still don’t eat vegetables.
The for efficiency was sarcasm. Didn’t think I needed to add the /s People often start turning caching on to speed things up without thinking through the security implications. Results in caching data specific for one user and showing it to another. Makes it very fast. Fast and completely wrong is not helpful. Being fast and insecure is even worse.
You can search and find threads where this is debated as nauseum. Practically, yes. If someone calls you on it at worst it is a warning the first time. Technically? No. The BCA rules use a lot of common rules that are used for games where doing so would give a player doing it an unfair advantage (one pocket, straight pool, etc...) and though it won’t really create an unfair advantage in eight and nine the rules for those don’t make an exception. I have seen tons of people in BCA do this and I have never once seen anyone complain about it. So again practically it is probably fine. And like I said at worst it is considered a sportsmanship penalty which results in a warning the first time and a loss of game the second time. To be safe just ask your opponent if you can do it before doing so. If they have a problem with it just tap the top of the cb with your cue tip instead.
JB Weld and some Fiber Fix tape will have that back in service in a day.
I would love a making of video showing the writers room as they discuss exactly how that scene would work.
Making Money? GNU Pratchett!
No. Not familiar with that. Tv show?
I really like wearing my motorcycle boots to play. They are heavier than my other shoes and help me remember to keep my feet flat on the floor. Other than that I can play in anything other than flip flops.
Tell her to spread those fingers out on her bridge hand. And get her a child size cue. She looks like she has the aiming and stance down cold!
Honestly doesn’t sound drunk. Sounds like someone who doesn’t get much of a chance to talk with people. Every thought he has had in the previous five years was saved up and coming out.
Generally true, but does factor into your rates if it is frequent I would think. Hit one deer, shit happens. Two? Coincidence. Three? You live in an area or drive in an area that is risky for hitting deer and that will cost you.
Other than their western equivalent, Fox News.
I fear chinesium pieces flying at my eyeballs. But you do you.
I read that as Amish rather than Amash. I was very confused.
Sois vide steaks are my go to now. Amazingly easy to do and come out absolutely perfect every time. Takes a little longer but there is essentially no risk of overcooking.
Common misconception. The bacteria create toxins that can’t be cooked off. The pan will kill the bacteria but won’t remove the toxins they created while they were alive. The toxins are basically bacteria poop from what I gather.
It’s a guideline. Not a rule.
If Denny’s is by your definition well adjusted then the world is doomed or you haven’t been to one after midnight. Or you haven’t been to one that served liquor.
A cross between Run Lola Run and Wolfenstein 3D. Odd mix but good flick.
Need a nuke in your sidecar to pull that look off.
Knew a few kids in college that would work at the Corvette plant over summer break. Their job was to drive the Vettes from the end of the line to the parking lot, get picked up, driven back, and do it again. Evidently they used to see who could hit the highest MPH possible in that short distance. 120mph was the claim for the highest posted.
Now I am picturing Putin showing his friends all these cute outfits he bought to put on his pet Trump. And one of those puzzle bowls so he doesn’t eat his hamburders too quickly and upset his little tummy.
That sort of suction treatment is known in the industry as an enem’out.
Food processor solves this problem too.
If not then a dentata. But you will have to administer that yourself.
Going to have to do the math. $76,000 one time cost to gain 1/2” in height verse having to have my pants hemmed every time I buy a new pair because I and dead between sizes. NGL, this is somewhat appealing as I hate getting pants hemmed.
KC went on a 51-7 run after falling behind 24-0.
Gravy is basically a roux (fat plus flour cooked together) with salt and pepper, cream, and bits of sausage (not whole sausages, just crumbles). Biscuits done well are kind of a dense bread. Put the gravy on the biscuit and you have one of life’s greatest pleasures. Even in the US it can be hard to find a good biscuit and gravy outside the southern states.
Yep. If I ever get a vette I want one built in the fall when they aren’t using college kids for that task.
It can happen. And truck stops are one place to try with some chance of success. You know a good B&amp;G if the gravy doesn’t taste at all like raw flour, but rather a complex and creamy meaty taste. Good stuff.
Fundamentals for all sports are something practiced and perfected over a lifetime. Watch a NFL QB practice and it is practicing the exchange, the drop back foot work, the arm mechanics. Over and over again. NBA players practice free throws to make them automatic. Golfers practice their swing on the range over and over again. Fundamentals are something always practiced, never perfected, and always something to be refined and improved.
Grew up in KY and learned about everything you mentioned but the Tulsa race riots. Don’t think that was intentionally left out as we learned about the Tuskegee experiments and other such events.
Trump? Pretty sure the answer is Trump.
Good chalk. Do not cheap out on chalk. It is the first and most obvious sign of a bad pool experience. You can buy a gross of Masters blue chalk for something like $30 or so. Do that. Maintained tables and balls. Tables should be brushed/wiped down a minimum of once a day. End of the day is the best time. Balls should be cleaned as often as they need it. Dirty balls are no ones friend. No smoking at table. Institute and enforce this rule from the start. No drinks at table. Again from the start. Put up a sign saying no scoops and a description of what a scoop is (hitting the table and the CB at the same time to jump the cue ball up in the air and over a ball). Scoops will damage your cloth and piss off people that know the game. Cue rests. You want somewhere where players can lean their cues without damaging them while they are not at the table.
You are talking about a home environment. OP was talking about in a business. If you are making a table part of a business then you need to treat it as such. Your friends care about your equipment so will take care with their drinks. Customers stoned out of their minds won’t care about OPs equipment unless he makes them care.
From the city no less. They sold it to him and are then pissed he is using it. What exactly did they think he would use it for?
When I have those nights I simplify everything. No fancy English. No elaborate three rail shape. If I can’t do it easy I play safe instead. Once I get my confidence and flow back I start trying the harder stuff again.
I think they would have to go through our intelligence agencies to get it. Not sure though.
Shouldn’t be surveillance on our own ambassador.
Burn marks look bad but don’t seem to affect the play of a table. Unless the aesthetics are a concern I wouldn’t worry about it.
Generally with tight cuts especially close together, English on the side of the contact tends to help make them for me. From what I gather the hearing effect counteracts contact induced throw.
I think you are talking about two separate things that can happen separately or together. You can get burn spots, you can get worn spots. You can get spots both burned and worn. For worn spots, replacing cloth is define necessary I agree. However I have tons of burn spots on my table with zero thin spots. I don’t disagree that spending $75 more for better balls is a great idea. And I don’t disagree that using a break cloth is a good idea (though I have a table with 15 year old Simonis on it that I don’t use a break cloth with and it has no thin spots even from my common break spots). I only disagree that burn spots by themselves indicate cloth that needs replaced.
To add a bit. Once your turn is done leave the table and leave any chalk that you don’t personally own at the table. Your opponent will likely want that and taking it with you is either intentionally rude or ignorant. When you set the chalk on the table make sure you set it with the bit you use pointed up so you don’t end up with chalk covering the rail.
That is a fairly common safe in 9 ball and is fairly high percentage. You can find it and it’s cousin (same basic shot but ending up with cue ball and OB on opposite short rails) in Phil Capelle’s book Play your best 9 ball. It isn’t one of those shots that are going to be a lockdown safe. More so it is a shot you will see people play when they just don’t like the other options. As such it is fairly rare to see in the top pros as they can generally find something they like better.
I have had them remove and refund the cost of the things when buying two new vehicles now. Just tell them you will walk if they don’t and they will magically find a way to do so.
If nothing else it is unnecessary. How often have you had a lug nut work itself loose? I have had it once on a VW bug which had those weird lug bolts rather than nuts and which were reverse threaded on one side to prevent them working themselves out.
That is kind of what a code is. Kind of like diner lingo, it isn’t an officially developed standardized thing, but is useful nonetheless.
Has to be someone spinning up a lawsuit for the blind then. Not sure how to resolve that one other than adding color commentators. For those blind and deaf I think you would have to send them a couple of real dolls and a support crew.
He is that guy from the Shaggy song. “It wasn’t me”.
I have. Was a common thing in college.
Most neighbors aren’t going to be real happy with a steady stream of men visiting your house/condo/apartment.
More about him not liking people being attracted to his anarchist imho.
F
They were getting fouled on a few of those without calls. Seemed like they were ready to blow the whistle if we missed the dunk but swallowed it.
How about that nwora offensive call? Dude got hacked by two players, cradled the ball with both arms, and was called for a push off. Officials definitely weren’t favoring the cards in that game.
Louisville is one of the biggest CBB market shares in the country year after year.
Slow down there satan.
Look into Tile and its ilk. Not as good signal wise as a dedicated gps tracker but they are cheap and the battery lasts about 18 months Works off a peer network so in a large city like Portland should be fairly effective.
A lot of rulesets have you call the nine when you play it as a combo. Others require you to call it even when you are on it. 9 ball is not real consistent rule wise.
Over the course of weeks? Sure. Over the course of a Friday afternoon? Not so much.
I can jump the ball pretty well and new cloth, especially Simmonis is a bitch to jump on. You don’t want cloth that is totally worn out but you don’t want brand new either.
Maybe it’s fur, maybe it’s Maybelline.
I have an ice cream scoop that is a little lower tech but essentially does the same thing. Suck warmth from your hand and channel it to the scoop to help it get through ice cream. Works fairly well.
Sorry no. Just checked and there is no brand on it. And I didn’t buy it. My mother was visiting and was offended I didn’t have an ice cream scoop so bought me one.
Technically a geek to reinforce your point by correcting it.
If you don’t have a rating you should start at the default rating. Think that is 400 but could be wrong. You get a Fargo rating by playing in a tournament or league that submits scores to the Fargo rate folks. If you check around with your local leagues you can likely find one that does. If not that then tournaments around you might.
The electron is somewhere. We just can’t know where without observing it which in effect moves it.
If you sum up all the probabilities of where it might be do you not get 100%? Therefore the probability it is no where is 0%. Any other interpretation isn’t really very useful for a 5 year old.
I will often get out of their line of site if they are shooting directly at me. Or at least I look away so I am not staring them down. More importantly I will get out of their way if I am directly behind them. Even if there is zero chance the backstroke will hit me I don’t want the possibility in my opponent’s head. I want to beat them on the table playing their best. And most importantly if you realize you are possibly in the way while they are down on the shot don’t move. Getting out of the way at the last minute is worse than staying in the way. You should move out of the way before they ever get down on the shot if you are going to.
Quantum uncertainty isn’t that hard to imagine. Extending that to saying an electron doesn’t really exist anywhere isn’t very useful other than as a theoretical argument unless your actually working with quantum theory at the time.
It’s a nice thought experiment that doesn’t really apply to whether an electron is somewhere around a nuclei. The sock I lost in the dryer exists somewhere even if I cant lay my hands on it. For a simple visualization of what an atom is saying there is an electron somewhere around a given distance from the nucleus is sufficient for almost any purpose a five year old is likely to need.
Art not science. One trick I have learned from someone works fairly well. When a ball is on a rail you are banking off of, look to see if the cue ball would go clean into the pocket further along that rail. If it does then you likely won’t double kiss. If the OB is in the way then you likely will.
It is very common for places to not let you hit with cues before buying. However the places that don’t aren’t the ones you want to buy from. If a place does allow you to hit with one they will often do so after asking you not to chalk it.
Am not one to return things but if you are worried about getting something you can’t play with that might be nice to have in your pocket.
Teacher in HS had a practice that she didn’t see through and no one else had figured out how to exploit. The day before our finals, she would let us see the test for five minutes. Could not take notes or anything, just see what was on it to help us know what to study. Everyone in the class got A’s on both tests (midterm and final) and she couldn’t figure out why. After she told us how she previewed the tests the day before I organized the class. Had thirty people. First person memorized the first two questions. Second person memorized the second and third. Third the third and fourth. Down to the last who memorized the last and the first. Weren’t exactly same number of questions as people in class but close. After the class we all met, compiled the test from everyone’s memory, using the overlap to double check what each question was. We also had one guy in the class that had close to a photographic memory so was able to validate the whole thing and fix some spots where the two people on a given question couldn’t agree. We then as a group worked the problems as a group and everyone had a copy of the test and an answer key to memorize. Teacher also allowed students to play tapes in a Walkman if they showed her the tape was a purchased prerecorded tape. I showed people how to tape over the holes that made recorders think it was a writable tape. Then they could record over a crappy three dollar bargain bin tape with whatever they want. Say the answers to thirty chemistry final questions hypothetically. So even those who had bad memories and didn’t understand the material were able to ace the test. Evidently took her two years before she realized what we had done and stop previewing her test. And no one could listen to tapes during exams anymore.
This comment was way too low. Sning was such a good boi.
Have had a Revo for about a year and I don’t think anyone could tell it wasn’t brand new. No dings. No scratches. No discoloring. I don’t baby my equipment at all. It lives in my car from 110 degree day to -10 degree days. It gets used four or five days a week. They seem ten times more durable than a wood shaft. The only concern I have is whether it might fail mechanically over time. Glue that gives out. Coating that wears out. Etc... my guess is that might happen but it will be 20 years down the road. Well worth the money imho.
Should be able to find any predator shaft with no collar/rings. Or can find someone who can match a predator blank to your cue. The Revo shafts don’t have rings at all, but not exactly going to be sneaky on a sneaky Pete. But 314 or z shafts should fit the bill.
Stopped drinking while playing a few decades ago. Assuming you aren’t addicted it is really just replacing one habit for another. For me I just got into the habit of ordering a soft drink and an ice water. I always had a drink in my hands so after a week or two that was the new normal. The other important thing is to never ever buy other people drinks. That is an evil feedback loop that will get you feeling obligated to drink whatever your generous friends buy you which takes your control out of your hands. Don’t buy people drinks and don’t accept drinks from others. The other thing is to tip a bit better than you otherwise would. Gets the wait staff on the side of your new habit and they won’t be constantly asking if you want a drink.
Ideally you have enough in investments to cover the survivors and don’t need life insurance after 50. Since those savings now only have to cover one person’s retirement instead of two it should cover things.
Pothole “That spring was asking for it. You see the coils on that thing? You could bounce a bus on it!”
Especially if it is a bar stool 😜
The LTD was driven till the wheels fell off (almost literally). It was junked and met its ultimate fate being crushed by monster trucks. I like to think of it as the car version of Viking funeral.
It was really popular when I lived there in the 90’s. Only place in town with Diamond tables.
A five could get out when they go to the table. A six should get out when they get to the table. A seven will get out when they get to the table. Simplest way to state it in my opinion. Saying that another way, a five can execute a shot well. A six can execute a series of shots well. A seven can execute an entire rack well.
Pre-smoked
Never had a non seafood etoufee. Now I want pork etouffee.
They might card them the same way I was carded at the Kentucky Derby. “Your all 21 right”....”Yes” in chorus from a line of people that were definitely not 21.
Might just need it for balance. Moving along damn well though.
Obviously not if he noped the fuck out. Had to be kind of hot but with a cock eyed boob or something. Just enough to save him from a life spent dodging knife attacks.
Simple. Every shot you do could be done better. Every run you make can be run better. Get in the habit of analyzing your shots when your turn is done. Can’t help but be humble when you are dissecting your play. Can’t help but focus when you know the criticism is coming.
Pretty sure that would be on the outside. Not the inside where vaping would accumulate a film.
How did a solid surface get radar transparent? Letting visible light through doesn’t mean radar goes through. And even visible light will reflect off that canopy I guarantee.
Obviously some materials are radar transparent and some aren’t. But you seem to assuming that the canopy was. I wasn’t making that assumption. Based on my readings on all the stealth programs, the windows were often the biggest problem and were often as small as possible because of that. Ie it was easier to manage the radar reflection from the metal surfaces than the glass because glass has to be seen through or it wouldn’t be there.
Tell that to a cop who is leaning out his patrol car window to clock you on radar. With stealth, mostly isn’t quite good enough methinks.
Do they have a trainer version? Seems unlikely.
Not so much. Maybe if you add glitter.
At least you go out FABULOUS!!!!!
The flat surface issue had more to do with the inability to model the radar characteristics on complicated surfaces than anything else. That problem resolved itself as computers got more powerful. Nearly 100% and 100% are two entirely different things. Even minor reflection off of glass can make an enormous difference in radar cross section.
Who can afford the snap-on lube?
Friend’s 300z caught fire because of a loose fuel line on an injector and burned some wires in the process. I managed to rewire it in a downpour at midnight parked under a manual car wash. Had a toolbox with a bit une solder iron, some spare bell wire, and electrical tape. It got us home and still looked better than what that hack did with the fuel pump. I didn’t let my buddy drive the car again till I could fix it proper the next day.
Not the citizens job to explain that. They don’t control the computer system the cops are looking it up in. All they are responsible for is having valid plates.
Still doesn’t mean the citizen should have to explain it. Cop should have called up his supervisor or training officer and found out what was going on. His ignorance of how to do his job shouldn’t inconvenience her.
Hugh Grant was absolutely chewing the scenery. Haven’t seen him that good in a movie in a long time. Good movie. Not quite as good as either Snatch or LS&amp;2SB but still a good flic. Those movies were absolute masterpieces. This one didn’t seem as much a labor of love. I will be seeing it again.
Were you a fan of Snatch and LS&amp;2SB? If you liked those I can’t see how you disliked this one. But if you didn’t like those then his movies just aren’t for you.
You can blame both. This can’t be the first time this happened to a cop in that city. Which means the cops didn’t have proper training to handle this situation. Or the department didn’t have proper policies to handle it. The folks that are exempt are exactly the ones that you wouldn’t want to pull over for no reason so I am sure this came up before. These folks aren’t special. Which means you don’t treat them especially well but you also don’t treat them especially poorly.
This guy pervs.
I would check with the state to just make sure the account wasn’t escheated. Basically if a bank can’t find an account holder in a certain amount of time they transfer the money to the state who holds it (without accruing interest mind you) for you. If she had other accounts with the bank then this is a complete long shot. But would check with them just in case. Just search escheat and the state she lived in and you should be able to find some way to contact them. Just don’t use a service as they will take a cut of what you can do for free.
You overestimate the intelligence of the follower’s of the orange tyrant. I am guessing a lot of them don’t know the difference.
I pull them down. I don’t take them off like a savage.
Is he from Cincinnati?
Even after letting the JB weld setup it was a bit soft. I was afraid a drill with a hole saw would pull a big chunk out. Also had to clear the mortise for the plate to recess properly. So grabbing the dremel made the most sense. Edit: only prep was to vacuum out any debris.
They have a really powerful stereo? Had to be to drown out the noise long enough for it to get that bad.
Which is why parents should take their kids cars out regularly to make sure they are not falling apart.
Well you did say chef ... so ...
Knew a lady that resigned from UPS (Corporate Air IT) in Louisville after marrying another employee. UPS has a no nepotism policy and if two employees marry one has to quit or UPS will pick one to fire. She did the same thing on her resignation letter and no one said anything about it. Her husband got fired a few months later for viewing porn at the office for like the third time (lady who worked for him kept walking in while he was watching it and reporting him). Bout a year after she resigned she decided to come back. Spoke to HR. They brought her in for an interview. HR lady walked into the conference room, laid down a piece of paper, and walked back out. Lady looked at the paper to find it was a copy of her resume with the first column of letters circled in red pen. Needless to say she got the message.
You can break scrum, agile, extreme development, etc... into the same five phases. Just much quicker phases. As in as little as a story at a time goes through them. Learning the concepts of each phase are valuable even if you don’t use them. Been in the field since 93. Anyone that thinks nothing is fundamental in this field hasn’t been in it long enough. Schools have to teach something and just explaining...er...it’s complicated isn’t exactly going to work. But then again I think developers should go through apprenticeships rather than college so don’t entirely agree with your point there.
Agree = disagree. Auto correct and poor spelling got me there. And you seemed to be saying don’t bother because everyone does their own thing anyway. Even in agile someone has to decide they want something (inception), decide exactly what they want (analysis), decide how to accomplish it (design), implement it (develop, test), and deploy it (release). You can call them different things. You can shorten them. You can increase their pace. You can make them more or less formal. You can design while you code. You can test through automation. You can use continuous integration to deploy as you develop. But all of them still happen in some form. I don’t think there is anything in software engineering that can’t be better learned through reading, discussion with peers, and pair programming in an apprenticeship situation. Doesn’t mean that college isn’t useful to fill in other educational gaps. I was ahead of all my software engineering courses because of what I self learned and learned on co-ops. I know quite a few great developers that got degrees outside of software engineering.
The look on the girl with ice cream says “he is standing right behind me isn’t he?”
First column of the resignation letter spelled Fuck You if you read down instead of across.
Many people aren’t good at math in their heads. But they are good at remembering a sequence like the Fibonacci. Close enough for the purpose of calculating distances. Not all of us can be engineers; though I actually am one too.
Two completely different methods and both work. The pivot is often referred to as back hand english. Moving the bridge hand is called parallel shift. BHE has a bit of a cult behind it that seem to think it is a silver bullet and is far superior. Maybe it is. I have been doing parallel shift for so long I can’t even imagine trying to learn a new system. But if you are just starting you can choose either path. BHE is a bit more complicated to explain but to learn either you have to practice a lot.
Which is oh so convenient when you are driving for instance.
Which helps enormously when you see a [your destination] 130 km.
The first impeachment senate trial. If he isn’t removed I think we get another.
They should pose a question such as “if you were to discover that a Democrat running for President has demanded that Switzerland release Trump’s banking records or lose out on business from Soros, Gates, and Bezos, would you be OK with that?” When the inevitable “hell no that would be illegal” comes out they can correct themselves. Well, it wasn’t a Democrat but Trump. Wasn’t Switzerland but Ukraine. Wasn’t those billionaires it was actually the federal government. And watch them backpedal. Not sure these morons would see it coming.
I was allergic to the alcohol swab they used to prep my skin for the test. Not really the alcohol but the evaporation of the alcohol caused the skin to cool enough that it triggered my allergy to cold. Left hives wherever they wiped. They had fun drawing on my back for a bit.
I wonder what the rudest title anyone has ever been granted. If he is a dick he could give her a title such as Lady Big Bastard or something.
Not true. Though not far off. I knew a guy who was hired directly out of prison. Spent 2 years inside for shooting someone’s car windshield out after a road rage incident. Someone fucked up the background check and they didn’t know about his past till his parole officer called HR. Know another guy who was employed after doing time for domestic battery. Both were pretty large financial companies and since the conviction didn’t involve financial crimes convictions and even prison time wasn’t disqualifying.
Companies that realize they can pay them well below market rate? Cause I am certain that is exactly what is happening.
That’s what he said.
Financial crime? That seems to be the big no-no for most programmers. Places assume a programmer can steal everything if they are thieves.
Been hearing some form of this for three decades. Hasn’t happened yet and I don’t think it will anytime soon. M First it was that drag and drop dev tools would replace programmers as business folks wrote their own apps. Cue power builder, clipper, VB, and Smalltalk apps. After the first few fiascos, in cane the coders. Then it was SOA. With proper service definition and middleware to orchestrate things, no need for high powered devs. Yeah.. that didn’t take long to dissipate. Now it’s AI. I can’t reliably get Alexa to turn on my tv. You think AI is anywhere close to being able to understand the requirements I am routinely given? No chance.
You imply they are somehow jumping line or getting something over on you. They aren’t. They are making less most likely. Why do you care? It isn’t like there is a large unemployment problem with developers.
I know two guys who were in prison and got coding jobs at fortune five hundred type companies. One for road rage. One for domestic violence. Both were told they passed background checks because their crimes were not financial.
Large boulder the size of a small boulder. Some sort of Tardis boulder thing going on right there.
Nor do I want to. Wing nut Barbie dressed all S&amp;M is a bit off putting.
There is a sci fi story about this. Can’t remember who wrote it or the name of the story. But the glass was called “slow glass”. Consulted google and seems it is Light of Other Days by Bob Shaw.
There is a sci fi story about this. Can’t remember who wrote it or the name of the story. But the glass was called “slow glass”. Consulted google and seems it is Light of Other Days by Bob Shaw.
I think that is jizz towel. Little small for a cape. And a bit stained. And over starched. And it has Jizz towel embroidered on the side.
Did you thoroughly check? Might want to watch the whole video in slow motion just in case she has one hidden somewhere.
It isn’t the finding that is important. The search is key.
Had an IV insertes and told the bag should take about 20 minutes to flow. An hour later it was still fairly full. Turns out you can relax too much.
The best part? The guy believed 1 Billion would fall under a small business loan. I mean a billion here and a billion there and pretty soon your talking about real money.
Go on...
Go on.
Which is back to protecting them and not her.
They exchanged rings and never spoke again.
Hope you are right, but history tells us armies support a power grab as often as they oppose one. We all like to think the US is different, but we also never thought folks would let us get where we are now.
Some countries have ridiculous inflation. Like a million of their currency equals 1 USD kind of crazy. They likely sell these registers to other countries. Learned this the hard way working on systems that could issue large (by US standards) wire transactions in foreign currencies and watching them blow out what a dev thought was a safe storage type or format specifier.
Easy. People been calling him weak for hiding in his bunker. This was the predictable reaction of this fuckwad to being emasculated.
Likely unlawful assembly or some such. Not that such a law is really constitutional. And not like breaking such a law warrants the response.
He did go after some folks with the jawbone of an ass if memory serves.
He couldn’t name the books from Harry Potter. He couldn’t name the books such as See Spot Run. He couldn’t name the books by Seuss.
It is almost as if what he says isn’t true. I know, politicians are known for saying only the truth and nothing but the truth but I suspect he isn’t playing by that rule in this instant.
Been to lots of pro tournaments. It is rare to see a pro drinking alcohol in my experience during tournament play, but you will see a few that do. And it definitely isn’t disallowed. At the Derby City Classic they have an invitational event on the last night which is a ten ball bank ring game. Pros show up to that well fueled and the crowd often brings them beers as they play. Thorpe and Shaw particularly come to mind. It is a lot of fun.
There is a really strong credit union system up there so I imagine that has something to do with it. Des Jardine or similar iirc?
Batch job for a large stock system failed while calculating dividends for a stock. Support guy restarted it without thinking twice. Shit happens and that is what you do. However it failed the first time after it cut a check for a rather large shareholder for an amount in the hundreds of millions of dollars. When they restarted it it cut a duplicate check for that account. No body caught it for a few days until someone ran a report and realized they cut checks for a few hundred million more than expected. Several people fired for that one, and the check/money never actually went out. The other fun one was a lady added an email notification appended to our error logging. She obviously didn’t test it with an actual error. So Monday morning after the deployment, all the developers get bombarded with emails of errors. Enough it swamped our mail server. Talking about 30,000 messages apiece. Manager was convinced we were being hacked. Told her it didn’t look like a hack and give me a few. Nope, turn it off. So we shut down the app and start reporting out we had been hacked. So while this is going on I look at the emails and realize that each one contains a single line from a stack trace. Odd as she should have been mailing out the whole stack. Hmmm. Wait a minute. The dev screwed up and iterated over the stack trace and sent each of us a separate email for each line in a stack trace for every error that came through. And I think the errors started having constructive interference where the code failed while sending the stack trace line by line emails generating more stack traces to iterate through and even more emails. Was an easy fix, but my group had to eat a bit of crow on that one.
A good developer got me in the habit of always surrounding any manual SQL statement with a begin and rollback transaction. Run it once, if the count is what you expect then change the rollback to commit.
You are essentially asking “if I can’t do it right how do I do it?” The answer is you really can’t. As someone else suggested you can put spots around the room but what will happen is inevitably you will have a spot behind you while you shoot and you will cast a shadow over the shot. Or you will be facing right at a spotlight as you shoot. Neither ideal. What is preventing you from putting it over the table? Ceiling too high? An obstruction? No electrical there? Give us an idea of why.
So second breakfast is out? I always like to have a snack before breakfast and another small second breakfast after the first breakfast.
I have close friends I have known for going on forty years. They bring up their dick washing techniques and I am not sure the friendship would make it to the forty year mark.
And bad golfers. So either way he is right at home.
Lord don’t let them run over a small white police woman. They will all get shot. And all those folks excusing that cop for riding over a protestor will be completely silent on the horse having its own mind and can’t hold the cop responsible.
A man that has been pissing on the law and obstructing order every step of the way has no business calling himself a law and order guy. Stop blocking access to documents and blocking subpoenas. Stop selling arms illegally. Stop caging children and families. Stop firing investigators so you and your friends don’t have to face the law and the order. Stop paying porn stars to stay silent. Stop seeking illegal aid from Russia. Do all that and maybe you can say law and order without us fucking puking Donnie boy.
Sardo tight racks were overpriced and useless imho. $300 would get him a decent case if he doesn’t have one. Less risky than buying a cue as cues are a matter of preference. Template racks are inexpensive and work great. I like the Accu-rack. The magic rack is OK but not quite as good imho. I think the Break Rak device is under $300. It is a device for practicing breaks without having to keep reracking. Supposed to work well but I have never used one. And really only something I would get if your dad is a hard breaker. You can get him various training packages. Zero-X billiards has some wonderful materials available. Videos and books and such.
Had a 19 year old roommate in college that had a panic attack so bad he thought he was having a massive heart attack. Got carted off in the middle of the night in an ambulance. Got returned a few hours later after they checked him, gave him some Valium, and suggested counseling. Have known a few other folks over the years that have had similar experiences. Our brains are funny things.
Did a quick search and found an article saying he was put under protection May 17th. And clearly a hypothetical running mate wouldn’t be covered. Too many possible candidates to cover.
I am sure Susan Collins is convinced he learned his lesson this time.
Evidently you aren’t. So correct?
Silly, Paul Ryan never had a spine.
They probably figure it will weed out those with medical conditions and save them money in the long term.
Wonder why the serial numbers all end in the same four digits. Coincidence?
They aren’t sequential. I said the same. Same four digits end all four bills. Middle numbers are different. This would put the bills at a minimum 10,000 apart.
First four make more sense. You wouldn’t think the first numbers would change often enough to cause them to differ. The last four being the same is just odd. At first I thought they all had the same number as I checked the first and the last digits and they matched.
No. Would be strange to change the middle digits as a way of making them unique as counterfeits. And probably would cost more than $2 to counterfeit a two dollar bill. Just trying to figure out how that would happen. Does he have a big stack of two dollar bills, each holding 10,000 bills that are all sequential and he takes one from each stack so they are grouped like that? Just happened to be how a bank gave them to him? Just raises my curiosity.
The only way they would do it in an afternoon is if they knew they had bipartisan support. Not suggesting they do it without GOP buy in.
It is as much a huge jungle gym as a museum, and is completely amazing. Highly recommend. Kids and adults will be exhausted when they leave.
AR15’s are fine because of 2A, but masonry isn’t?
I was in Paris in 2012 and happened upon two different protests the same day. One was transit workers the other I still have no idea about. They looked middle eastern and had pictures of people and Sanskrit looking writing but couldn’t find anyone who could tell me what the hell it was about. I will say that they were having a lot of fun as they marched.
Not advocating for him to. Just a mental exercise. Just curious how that would play out.
Can we get the My Little Pony folks involved? I think they would be a nice army to flank the opposition as the KPop fans attack from the front.
Wonder how much has been spent compared to the Russian investigation they keep crying hoax about. All that whining about wasted cash...I am sure they will be upset about this waste too. Right?
I think there is a huge difference. The Kardashian’s are actually good at business.
Lol misread your first sentence and thought your answer was your wife. Definitely did a double take.
Felonious stupidity one of the charges?
First thing I thought of. Honestly I got to wonder what percentage of black families qualify? Maybe immediate families wouldn’t be high. But I bet it would be frightening if you just checked grandmothers who had lost one of their descendants that way.
Got six once. And was completely hooked behind the 9. Had to push. Pushed into a bank and didn’t see the table again.
Knee on your neck might just qualify.
I have been interviewing and leading group interviews for 25 years. It is amazing to me how many of my coworkers can not get through their head that interviews are not single sided. They have to want to work with us as much as we want them to come work with us. Sure I am going to ask you tough questions. But I am not going to be a dick about them. And I am going to let you grill me to if you like.
I think you are meant to hate pretty much everyone in it.
For me it was completely meh. Maybe I have known too many folks like Ignatious to really be surprised or amused by him.
I have played on a few tables that were of equal quality, but never one that was better. Money well spent imho. And I plan on buying one myself eventually.
Is that the future ex senator Susan Collins? She can just start going by ex now so she gets the hang of it.
If the popular person is into scat play, maybe with them?
“I didn’t know how many it would take. But I was pretty sure how many they were going to use.” - Tater Salad
As opposed to your meditation dildo? Or maybe your formal dildo? How about your hiking dildo?
It is rarely broken. They just sold too much in too short a time and it can’t keep up. Or they took it offline to clean or haven’t set it up again after cleaning. The machines are fairly bullet proof if not abused but have limits on how much they can produce.
Fair share being zero. So they killed more than zero.
Umm, that happens with the 100% vegetable oil too. I did that many times before and after vegetable oil. The filtering and removal process didn’t change at all between the two “oils”. The only difference was whether the new oil came in a box or a jug.
Which should never ever be used. Hand chalk is really bad for the table and just messy. Far better ways to keep things smooth.
The good old prison pocket.
We will know they have changed when they start prosecuting police who assaulted folks and were not filmed. Suspending cops who were caught on video is barely a start.
I hoped she would turn into Eddie as it went along.
Wtf are wrong with Merrels? I mean fuck this racist pos sure, but his shoes didn’t do anything!
Which contradicts nothing I have said. The point is that ethics are what happen when no one is watching. Are they growing ethics or are they just doing what they have to with all eyes (and lenses) watching them closely? Only time will tell.
Except for the riot police.
You also have to factor in how much power the switch uses for the motion sensor. I bet it isn’t much less than the LED bulb.
Starting to think that black people should form a union. Bring the idea of collective bargaining to bear against fuckwit papers like this.
Absolutely no good can come from this and it could pour gasoline on the fire. So of course he will. Sigh...
Saw an extremely old Hindu temple when I was in India back in 2006 or so. Had them everywhere. Surprised me when I first noticed. Work with several Hindus from India and have noticed them in bracelets a few times. All in for saying fuck Nazis. But happy to give any Indian looking folks a pass with swastikas.
Didn’t see any in Japan. Only hit temples in Tokyo and Kyoto though.
Just a clever plot to find out your reddit username. Check mate.
How about Slowpoke Rodriguez?
Has he? Saw where they said he wouldn’t support Trump. But that isn’t the same as supporting Biden.
Really? Thought all states eventually accepted the seat belt laws because of incentives for federal funding.
Motorcycles must really freak you out.
I got carded while placing a bet at Churchill Downs...while holding a beer. Have to be 21 to drink and only 18 to bet so found that one kind of funny.
I have been riding for about five years. Getting on one in front of a cop makes you uncomfortable the first few times as you realize you don’t have on a seatbelt.
It really was. It and Heroine were competing for testing funds and aspirin lost. Higher ups at Bayer though heroine had more promise financially. The team behind aspirin essentially said screw it and tested anyway. The main guy who developed it ended up not getting credit because it was Nazi era Germany and he was, you guessed it, Jewish. So his assistant got credit instead.
Also Matt Jones who is a sports radio guy. May sound weird but that is pretty big there as he is huge in the UK fan base and was considering running in that race himself.
Nope. Refusing the order is more powerful. Make the fucker fire you for not following an illegal order.
As a clear American man, I support this message.
Then it sounds like the list of dreads is the first item on the list of dreads and since you can’t do anything about it you remove it. So no more list of dreads to worry about.
Find activities that eliminate any room for thinking about the things you are anxious about. For me it is things like taking a motorcycle ride. Can’t worry about anything when I am focused on riding. Or I play pool. My mind is so focused on the match I can’t worry about anything else. Read a book or listen to an audiobook. Again it occupies my mind. My mind is really good at problem solving so if I find myself worrying about something that has no solution I try and give it a non trivial problem to work on that I can solve. Like how to run this rack.
Immediately melting the wheels and tires seemed unwise too.
For some definition of the word work.
I have seen players who seemed to hit so hard they were trying to damage the table. They failed, but not for lack of trying. There are often shims that are under the slate to help level one piece of slate to the next. I would guess he means this. Unless you are shooting the cueball directly into the slate like with a masse or a jump shot, I can’t see how that would possibly get damaged. Having said that, stop hitting it hard. Completely useless strategy and it is possible to damage the cue, the balls, or send the cue ball off the table and into walls, people, small children, china cabinets, etc...
Not aiming at the face isn’t a training issue. It is an ethics issue. Can’t teach ethics in a class. People either have them or they don’t.
Was going to suggest a demo hammer drill. But saw you mention that above. I have an odd idea you might try. Works on things like removing badges from vehicles. Might work for this too. Get some high test fishing line from Bass pro shop or the like. Talking the 100-200 lb line. Take a piece about two feet long and attach either end to about six” long pieces of 1” diameter dowel. Cut channels along the boards such that you have strips that are about six inches wide. Start on an end you can access or cut across one section so you can work the line below. Saw the line back and forth between your two hands while pulling it towards you across the boards. Should cut the glue without lifting the boards up any in the process. If it works in the small, I bet you could automate it by tying the line in a loop and using a drill with a sanding drum wrapped in a bunch of duct tape as a drive wheel for it. But I bet that even by hand it would go fairly quick.
His safe word is “creepy”.
Was in the hospital for the plain old every day flu back in November. In the ER from 10 pm till 1pm the next afternoon. Bills totaled over $30,000. Cost me around $3,000 out of pocket after insurance.
Being a stickler for the rules implies everyone plays by the same rules. They don’t. APA rules allow exactly what your BIL did. So you should pick a rule set and make sure everyone knows those rules before playing if you are going to be a stickler. Otherwise you shouldn’t be a stickler.
Yes
Gives me a serious Kate Mara vibe.
You mean foul?
People don’t know what a scratch is? Even bar rules players know a scratch is when the cue ball drops in a pocket.
Imho that will come up and make much more of a difference than making a ball in the wrong pocket. Otherwise you get people doing tap safes like snooker and that makes the games screwy.
They got ... occupied?... very quickly to keep them from going over to the South. Grant in particular took a fairly large force into Paducah (port city on the Ohio river in the west part of the state). Schools in Paducah were named after Southern generals. And there is still a large historic site called White Haven that was essentially a plantation complete with slave quarters. KY wasn’t neutral by choice. Basically because the North didn’t really give them a chance to be anything else.
Born and raised there and left when I was 18. Stay in a few normal areas and you are fine (Louisville, Lexington, Paducah, Florence, etc...). Live in KC area now and have traveled all over the world. Stupid people everywhere I have traveled.
The person I replied to seemed to imply they didn’t support the South at the beginning. Large portions of the state did. There was a real risk that they would join the south at the start. Agree there is no excuse for having the statue now. Go look up what happened in Paducah. They covered it I. The recent History Channel miniseries Grant in the first episode. I am from that town so have read a lot about it over the years.
Just the tip...of the sword. Totally an accident.
Not sure the amount changes the equation much. It is either paid propaganda or it isn’t.
But you miss the point. It is like saying if you bribe a politician to vote a certain way, if it is small enough and he doesn’t really need the money it is no big deal. There would be a bunch of manufactured affront if they dropped it now. But if it was just magically gone for a year no one would really notice. I personally don’t care if they keep it or drop it. I would like to see the military spend that money on something more productive than just padding the profits of major league teams a bit though. And if they keep it and are still pissed about the kneeling then just stop covering it at all. If everyone decides it is not worthy of note, then it is not worthy of note.
Thought I read that they got stuck with the cost?
And he doesn’t care about the truth. So will still watch the NFL either way, just will say he doesn’t.
According to a book called Life Expectancy by Dean Koontz, you become a baker. Just be careful of those damn arialists.
At least in the US a billiards table has no pockets. A table with pockets is either a snooker or a pool table depending on how the pockets are cut (round faces verse flat faces). Collectively those two are sometimes referred to as pocket billiards. And generally the term baulk originated with baulkline billiards which was a variation of billiards introduced to make it a bit more difficult. Prior to baulk line billiards you could score a point by just hitting both other balls on the table. If you got those two balls into a corner you could pretty easily score a ton of points without much trouble. The baulk lines were added so that you could only score so many points within one section of the table before having to move the balls to a different area to continue scoring. Then of course they moved onto the three cushion variation which achieves the same goal of making the game a bit tougher.
Probably not the first unanticipated boner she has come across in her life I expect.
Scooter ride. Not a motorcycle.
It is trying to social distance itself.
More than three black guys on every street corner in Roppongi happy to meet you with a very firm handshake in hopes of enticing you into a bar. They are probably more confused than the cops.
But you have snuck in your sneakers.
Goes back to riding a horse and driving a team of horses in a wagon.
At least he has a helmet.
Except at the car. That would not be prudent.
Major theme of a book series by Baldacci called Memory Man.
Looks like he has to go.
Never heard snooker disallowed those. Interesting. What do they do when no legal play is possible? Probably very rare but could imagine if the last red gets trapped on a rail by two colored balls and there is no path to hit the red, pretty much the only thing you could do is an intentional foul.
Interesting. Been watching more snooker recently and haven’t been able to figure out what the deal is when after a foul (non intentional) sometimes the balls are reset and the fouling player has to try again, and sometimes the table turns over to the opponent with only the penalty applied. Is this the choice of the non fouling player kind of like a push shot? Or is there a nuance I am missing. Maybe reset only happens if no balls other than the CB moved? Also how is the resetting of balls typically handled in non refereed games? Players have to agree where the balls were and they just take a best guess at position?
Only if you clean the shaft and the tip before putting them in. Otherwise you will still pick up some from the tip and shaft as it will fall down in.
They make tip covers that work fairly well. Bout a 1/2” tall and sold in diameters that work for various tip diameters.
You haven’t been paying attention have you. Trump’s folks have been speaking out of both sides of their mouths since he took office. They had folks arguing that only congress had oversight of the President In one court while arguing Congress had no power to oversee the president in another. He has claimed to want to release his tax returns in public while fighting tooth and nail not to release his tax returns in court. Dude is hypocrisy incarnate.
Someone stealing my dad’s parking spot in a busy restaurant lot was how I learned the phrase “cock sucker”. Also the first time I saw my dad yell at someone. Me and my siblings were horrified, edified, and amused all at once. Was amazing.
Same for the county where Maker’s Mark is distilled/bottled. You can only get small free samples at the distillery and are limited to small souvenir bottles to purchase.
Turns out that wasn’t safe at all.
Was also someone who hung themselves at a theme camp a few years before that and people thought it was art of some sort for a while before realizing what happened.
It isn’t just that. There are more poor and middle class there than rich. There is some diversity, and the lack of it seems more to be about POC just not wanting to go than anything else. And not everyone is high or drunk (been 10 times, never taken a drug there and only been drunk there once). The point is that Burning Man as a whole doesn’t want tourists whether they are rich, poor, drugged, sober, black, white, etc... it wants people who participate.
The difference is that if an insurance company doesn’t pay you no one really cares. If someone says they just saw someone else’s results for medical testing I guarantee people will care. Stakes are different.
I am cross dominant (shoot left, right eye dominant) and it never really affected me. Just have to make sure my right eye is looking down the shaft. The one tip I would give is that I mostly aim when I am standing up behind the ball and not in my stance. Then I concentrate on getting the cue on the line of the shot. Neither of those are really effected by dominance. And then I focus on making good contact with the spot on the CB I need to hit. That is dominance effected but doesn’t seem to rely on uncomfortable head position to get right.
Same reaction before people started wearing masks frankly. Idiots predated Covid by a lot.
As you get older that will be less and less of a draw methinks.
I got sent to collections for $0.23 one time for a long distance phone card in college. Between stamp, envelope, and check would have cost me $0.50 to send them $0.23 so thought screw it. Using the card this month will just pay it then. Before the month was over (so less than 30 days from due date of bill) I got a letter from a collection agency for $0.23. I said screw it. Sent them a check for $10.00 figuring they would just hold the credit and draw it down. Nope. Immediately issued a refund check. I would be very curious how much money was spent to collect the $0.23. All this was before online payments and such were a thing.
Cities with toll roads? Used to have to have correct change for some of them.
What other movement type that begins with b does this remind me of? Bowel movement! Or am I being redundant?
Seriously. We root for teams to tank if they suck so we can get better players for the next season.
That’s a shame, I think we would have had fun. But fair enough. Have had that change one ladies mind. Usually got a smile out of the rest and seemed to relax them.
Portal 1 is the first game I ever finished the night I got it. Then I immediately played through the whole thing a second time. Amazing game. Haven’t replayed Portal 2 yet. Waiting till my bad memory fully purges it.
I have never wanted to hunt in my life. But this I think I could get into. Flying baconater.
They call them numb nuts. It’s a thing. OK it isn’t. But could be.
If it is good enough to stop a hurricane it should work on a internet cloud too.
Vera Vera What has become of you? Does anyone else in here feel the way I do?
It is cafe press. Anyone can put that up there.
Entirely depends on how the tap water tastes where you are. Parents live in Lexington KY and their water is about the worst I have ever tasted. Seems like everyone there drinks bottled or filtered water. I live in KC and it has some of the best tasting water. So no need for bottled. And before you say everyone thinks their own water tastes better, fairly sure everyone hates the taste of Lexington water whether they live there or not.
Change a tire? I wouldn’t trust this fucker to call triple A to get someone to change a tire. No way he would even attempt changing one himself.
All those dreams of it being filled with naked hooters as a kid have finally been fulfilled. Grats!
Except if it is obstruction of justice. Which it seems to be.
Assume Trump loses. Expect these fucks to go apeshit if Biden fires their replacements and how it is politically motivated. These hypocrites are really pushing things too far.
Balls yellow over time because of UV exposure. Nothing you can do to reverse it.
Funny thing is engineers are people too. We have friends and loved ones so we do actually think of the implications of our decisions. Humanities degrees don’t miraculously make people ethical and STEM degrees don’t make them oblivious.
Too busy pondering the pope’s head covering and bear’s bathroom location.
Ho Ender. Ho Bean.
Thanks. Definitely a substantial amount.
Yeah, lady at work did this recently and I didn’t want to be uncouth and ask her. Her reason was that the dog hated the vet building so didn’t want the last thing he experienced being something he hated. Made sense.
Bought an Action Masse cue from Pool Dawg. It was under $100. Hated the tip it came with and swapped that for a Kamui SS. Tried to find a masse cue 20 years ago and never could find anyplace that carried them. So kind of bought it just to check that twenty year old box more than anything.
Just commenting on cost there. Didn’t mean to comment on the value of doing it. If I had a pet I. That situation I can see it would be worth it.
Just move the H two words over.
And most importantly they have been contagious for likely two weeks meaning everyone they have worked with in preparation for the event are also likely contagious even if still testing negative.
Probably just smelled her now and again when she wasn’t looking.
West Wing Isaac and Ishmael. Special episode that was created after 9/11. Wasn’t part of the story arc and was essentially about the characters all trying to wrap their minds around the contrast of peaceful and radical Islam.
The way I describe it is that part of my brain is coming up with content. It then dictates the content to another part of my head responsible for typing. The first part knows which one to use. The second one doesn’t give a shit. It types whichever occurs to it first. I can type about 70 wpm with a proper keyboard and can thumb fairly quick on a phone. So I think the second part of my brain is just more worried about speed than accuracy. If something is important I have to task the first part with reading what the second part got on paper/the screen.
Lots of free rubber bullets, OC spray, and OC canisters to the face. Not being defenestrated yet at least.
Probably had handlers wrangling the folks together to fill the frames of the cameras.
My sister never laid her twins in the same bed after a month or so. It increased the chances that one waking would wake the other and she would have two screaming babies at the same time. Separated she had a chance to get one woken baby out of the room before the other woke.
House Party was not an Oscar award level film but wouldn’t call it gay porn.
Managing a Hooters. Know a guy that did that for years and he said the working with pretty women all day being great lasted about a week. Then it was just women bitching about each other non stop for years. He ended up hating the women and guys that worked there and despised the customers.
Nah they are non-beer alcohol water. Easy to confuse the two.
Nah you see miserly folks pretty much with any gathering. Doesn’t matter if they are rich or poor. Some people just like getting free shit.
I am in the less pay more work bucket. How do I get your gig?
Writing is a means of communicating ideas. It is the ideas that are important not the crude mechanism that we use to convey them.
Had one in my backyard (emphasis on the word had). I mowed my yard for the first time wearing sneakers and stepped on one. It went right through the sole and a inch or so into my foot. Had to wear boots to mow until the thing thankfully died.
He also resisted for a really long time as he didn’t think they could ever put together a cast of kid actors the age they should be with the skills to play the parts. He kept getting producers who wanted to use teenagers instead of 6-7 year olds. He kept turning them down. What did the final movie use? Teenagers. Sigh....
If all the folks that Trump fired vote for Biden, Trump might be screwed.
I always thought they should have just done an anime style movie instead. Get kids to do the voice acting.
Let me introduce you to a product called bugslide. Works great for visors as well as windscreens, headlights, or the whole front of the bike.
One that hasn’t. Carry a microfiber cloth.
I wear a full face helmet but often flip the visor up when I stop. And often forget to pop it down as soon as I take off. Had a huge damn bug smack me in an eye before I closed the shield. Hurt like hell. Worst part though is about two miles later it woke up and started flapping around like mad. Had to flip the shield up to let it out.
Tear offs? You have me intrigued.
Yeah. Knew exactly what you meant. Just never realized they were available. Will be looking for these.
Bought a bottle of bugslide. Small spray bottle. It plus the cloth do wonders. Also always have a bottle of water in the tank bag.
I have used both clear and black and they play the same. The only difference is whether you like the look of the see-through pad. Others argue they are too expensive. All depends on whether you change your own tips or not. A Kamui medium lasts me a year of constant play before I have to pay someone to replace. Something like a LePro lasts me about two months of constant play. Since I don’t want to put them on myself and it is a pain to take them to a place to get them installed and installation isn’t free, the added cost of the Kamui is well justified for me. Something like Elk Masters might last as long but I never liked how they play. They seem to flatten and mushroom more which made them more inconsistent. Other than scuffing the tip I don’t need really have to maintain the Kamui and when I used to play with the others I was having to constantly fix them. Opinions differ. That is mine. Take it for what it is worth.
I get all the spin I need from a medium. And have never had a problem with mushrooming. So would suggest giving one a try.
Should have gone with the one the built into the side of a mountain. Though the two Paris guns are pretty damn big. Still say enough people and enough time and they could move em.
This is how it always worked for me.
Have her rotate her endowment more toward the table until it isn’t encumbering the cue. Have had quite a few ladies on my APA teams with this issue and that is generally what ends up working for them. Make sure she rotates at her feet, not just her upper body. Otherwise her balance will be off.
Seems like they may have something similar.
To be fair it seems the machines they were using sucked.
Cops must have uttered the magic incantation: “We feared for our lives.” Cop says that and they could use a nuke on a crowd. Absolutely ridiculous.
You mean court approved warrants aren’t capital crimes? Why I never.
And Bronies. Don’t forget the Bronies.
Thinking the only acceptable rate is zero.
Trump would lose his ever loving mind. And that means he would have to locate it from wherever he last lost it and lose it again. And that sounds like a lot of work for the champion of Cheetos.
Must get a lot of deer on the second floor balcony of a bar.
Conflict of interest really. But for the badge they might be the mental case.
In Jamaica? No clue. Guessing not as there are a lot of black folks in Jamaica. Would have been segregated in the Southern US.
Before you go too nuts in this look at how many counties there are in KY. There was a law that required counties to be created such that you could reach the county seat from anywhere in the county in one day on horseback. So while this isn’t great it isn’t as bad as it would seem. The only state that has more counties than KY is Texas iirc and KY is a fraction of the size of Texas. I think the major thinking is that lots of people voted early and by mail. And many poll workers are in the vulnerable group because of age. So seems like they are doing their best to let everyone vote without causing a lot of COVID spread.
Federal prosecutors take an oath to execute their duties faithfully. They are also officers of the court which means they do have a duty to fight corruption. And there is no prosecutor privilege. This isn’t a personal attorney, or a defense attorney. Any federal prosecutor damn well does have an ethical obligation to fight corruption.
Let’s see how many prosecutors have written books on their cases. The Manson prosecutor co wrote Helter Skelter. Jim Garrison wrote a book on the JFK stuff including his prosecution of Clay Shaw. Without a Doubt by Marcia Clark on OJ’s trial. What am I missing here? You can write a book on it but not talk about it in an interview? Bullshit. Edit : forget the most obvious. Mueller wrote a book talking about the Flynn prosecution as well as his prosecution of Martha Stewart. Are you saying he got permission from someone to write about those cases?
Right. But are those the same NASCAR officials at the track? The guy made it sound like they were there daily for eight months. I doubt the people who noticed it and called it in were at that location a lot. I am sure people were there. But was the person who saw this and thought something wrong was going on.
Pure repost.
BCA and APA rules are both fairly bar table friendly. They don’t want people having to constantly get someone to open the table to pull balls out to spot. So in general making a ball in either results in it staying down even if it ends a players turn. For APA 9 ball you wouldn’t get credit for illegally pocketed balls point wise but they stay down.
Bet a good tattoo artist could make something damn cool out of that. Thinking something like pebbles under a stream.
Seriously. I wouldn’t go to Burger King for a regular whopper. They taste awful. Can’t imagine going there for a fake one.
I knew a guy in HS whose father actually had a brick collection shelves in his basement. Seemed really weird until he explained how it worked. His dad collected a brick from every building from the cities downtown when it was demolished. He also got ones from buildings under renovation. He would write up where it was from, history of the building, when it was demolished, etc... went from odd to mildly interesting.
How about Beloved President Obama?
It leeks into my speech too. I think tons of people think I have some secret lover or something. But no, just an idiot.
I am picturing this lady just making up a completely different history for herself with every person whose teeth she cleans.
Was it bent before he started running? Maybe it is just having trouble keeping up with the rest of him.
My uncle tried microwaving his n95 mask to use it longer. Immediately caught fire.
No text. Just the image from the UNO reverse card. Or maybe an Undo icon.
This suit should immediately alleviate his embarrassment and shame. No one will again make fun of him I am sure.
People aren’t explaining that it isn’t like a bag of flour is C4. It is only when flour is dispersed in air that it gets dangerous. And this is true of most any fine particle. Essentially it comes down to how much surface area on the particle can oxidize quickly. When it is packed together it doesn’t have the same ability to oxidize quickly.
At least you used dishwasher detergent. Had a cousin who used regular dish soap the first time she tried. Covered he her kitchen floor in suds.
Well you will be, they just won’t be able to tell anymore.
We had a very narrow and closed in staircase in the house I grew up. Dad taught us how to do this so of course for a month or two we would go up the stairs without ever touching the stairs. We would go straight up and then straight across. We would climb above the door of the stairs and scare the crap out of mom when she would come looking for us. Dad loved it. Mom was not a fan. Visiting my grandparents on my dad’s side I noticed that the house my dad grew up in had a similar staircase, only with much higher ceilings than the one at our house. Climbed the walls just as easily and waited for the first one to come up the stairs so I could scare them. Grandma was the next to walk into the stairs. I said Boo, she looked up, shook her head, and otherwise ignored me. Obviously not the first encounter she had with this special skill. Was fairly amusing.
Used to be a bar in Louisville KY that had a board like this. They referred to it as Amos and Andy rather than Keno but same type of game. The board usually came out late at night. It fit their 9’ Gold Crowns (bar was the Barrett Bar). It would usually draw five to ten gamblers playing a large ring game. The rules as I remember them to the game they played was that each player would draw a pea from a Kelly pool bottle. Whatever number they drew was kept secret. They had to shoot a ball so it came to rest in one of the numbered holes such that the number on the ball and the number on the hole added up to the number on their pea. Whoever did that first won the pot. As someone who doesn’t gamble the game didn’t hold any interest for me. But the gamblers loved it as it was a ring game with a quicker turnaround than 9 ball that also took a bit less skill to seem to have a chance to win.
Have always described it as Soap Operas for men who like large sweaty dudes in leotards.
See it all the time in business. You get clients who feel they can bully you because you want their money. You get managers that feel they can bully you because you want to get paid. You get coworkers that bully you because they think you won’t make a fuss. You will get people who report to you who will bully you feeling you can’t afford to lose them. The way to combat all this is to stay logical, rational, and reasonable. And not give a single fuck. Once you stop worrying about all the above, you will find you are immune to bullies. They will figure it out quickly too and magically the bullying will stop.
No doubt.
Well, fairly sure gambling at all in KY was illegal. Whether directly on a game, or this. Least when I lived there. By Derby do you mean Derby City Classic? Just so others are aware that is now in Indiana so the laws will differ slightly to those in a Louisville bar.
My dad, his brothers, and a few friends picked up a neighbor’s MGB and placed it on their porch. Was just a prank so eventually they moved it back to the street again and everyone including the neighbor had a good laugh.
Point was that you aren’t calling the cops to get them towed.
You can tell who wanted the photo. Only the mom seems to be posing. And she seems annoyed the rest aren’t cooperating.
Often providers will only call with bad news these days. So if you had normal results and asked for an appointment to go over them I could see an extra charge. Note that you might be able to set up a MyQuest account to access your results directly next time. Basically you get notified when the results are in and get the raw results directly.
My guess. He wants a quick 5-4 defeat. He will then run on a “when I replace RBG that will become a 5-4 win.” Got to wonder how many who oppose Obamacare still think it is wise though.
Run, run, run away!
Tell me it has hydraulics so it can twerk!
There was one that always showed up at the KY Derby which is only a short walk from University of Louisville’s campus. We used to make a drinking game of what they said. He says Hell, you cheer and drink. He says gays you cheer and drink. Great fun. All while lined up at 9am waiting for the gates to open for Churchill Downs. Good times.
Youth and practice. Youth and practice. Most took naps when we got into the infield.
This was an existing issue with the $600 VW Super Beetle I bought from a buddy in 1992. Checked into replacement heater boxes and they were $600. As a poor college kid I didn’t have that sort of cash.
GNU Phillips. May his name travel through the clacks forever.
Noon on first Wednesday where I am. Unless there is a storm then it moves to Thursday.
I have never heard it go off more than one day late. Presumably they just keep putting it off till the weather breaks. The idea in moving it is in the event the storm going on is severe enough, you don’t want folks thinking it is just a test.
Remove the first two letters 😜
They might think it is a trap.
They me state West.
I kept one on the line for twenty minutes while my steam generator built enough pressure to run my computer. Did while in my cube at work. Coworkers enjoyed that one.
There are two main components. Collection and testing. Cities should be able to ramp up collection fairly easily if they can get the PPE and collection kits. But many cities aren’t going to have labs that can support large scale testing. And getting the machines, expertise, supplies, and authorizations necessary to stand up a lab is not a quick process. Large lab testing companies have been ramping up their capacity at a break neck pace and many university research labs, hospital labs, and in a few cases I have even heard large forensic labs have stepped out of their normal rolls to add some testing capability too. And everyone from feds, states, cities, employers, sports teams, etc are competing for those limited resources.
One state west. Damn autocorrect.
Look for the Iron Man branded line of catheters for sale at the snack counter.
On the pool side, a lot of folks build “bucket polishers” for about $30 USD. Should work just as well for snooker balls. Take a five gallon bucket, put a hole in the side near the bottom, put a 10” (iirc) car polisher in the bottom. Run the cord through the hole. Line above the polishing surface with a cut up welcome mat glued, clamped, or otherwise attached to the bucket sides. When you polish, put about a dime sized drop of Aramith Polish (should be available on Amazon) and stick balls around the perimeter only. Turn on the polisher and let it go for about 10 minutes per batch of balls. When you take the balls out, wipe them off with a microfiber cloth.
Frankly makes more sense than the Bill Gates thing. Still kissing cousins to zero sense mind you.
“What are you even doing in life if you can’t sell your cow’s piss?” - Anheuser Busch
Can refuse service for no reason but not for a prohibited reason. For instance couldn’t refuse service to disabled folks without a damn good reason. And presumably that is what these cards are playing on.
You obviously underestimate the effect of procrastinating laundry day. That last pair of underwear kicks in the emergency wash now or go commando mode that breaks the grip of procrastination.
Is it bigger or smaller than a sorry?
Yeah, completely screwed up the rest of the country by making piles of money and sending it to the feds as taxes to distribute to all the other states. How dare those assholes?
First of all, I live in Kansas. Just sick of people in other states than California taking California’s largess with one hand then demonizing them with the other. You want to deal with corruption? Fine. I know a guy who is breaking the emoluments clause daily. Funneled enormous amounts of money to his buddies for a malaria cure that no one wanted and doesn’t work. Funneled even more money to political friends in the form of contracts for masks from companies that have never existed before they got the contracts. More money to people to create test tubes who had no idea how to do so. More money in loans to companies they won’t even disclose. Corruption in dropping charges on a sycophant that plead guilty twice already! Corruption in firing any and all Federal prosecutors who even deign to look into his shady ass dealing. You want to attack corruption? Start there. Then you can bitch about California.
Oh I agree. Just assume that is what they are trying to imply with the worthless cards.
There was a similar case against Microsoft. Think that one was a class action suit. Lots of IT companies took the wrong lesson from that. Had one I worked as a contractor that asked me to convert to full time many times. We couldn’t ever agree on pay package. Then they would say they had to cut me as I could sue to be employed. If I wanted to be an employee I would be and that is going to be one strong argument in court if I were dumb enough to sue. So many IT shops have spouted this same stuff as if everyone wanted to work for them full time if they would only offer to convert them.
Oh it is certainly bullshit. Just guessing that is their reasoning.
There is the equivalent of an Interstate in Delhi India that has a Tree right in the middle of the pavement. For safety, they painted the trunk red. I also saw a man riding an elephant on the same interstate. Wouldn’t drive in India even if I was suicidal.
There is also a cookie called a macaroon that is coconut based. I have heard quite a few people confuse them.
That was my guess.
Looks like he is holding binoculars.
Walmart taking out key man insurance policies on cashiers. Basically making bets that their cashiers will die. They may have stopped that since it became public back in 2010.
Locations with large protests are not showing Covid spikes. Whereas places like Florida and Texas where folks are just going bar hopping and beach strolling are seeing large spikes. But don’t let facts get in the way of your outrage.
Just a warning. Some of the Samsung TVs require longer bolts than most other TVs. They also sometimes place the vesa bracket points in odd locations. I have a 55” Samsung and had to order bolts long enough to work separate from the mounting kit I bought.
My guess is this is more about the other thirty names on the list. Iran is demonstrating it has the intelligence chops to find thirty folks directly associated with the strike and used the warrants as a mechanism to broadcast that to the US.
Shouldn’t be grabbing women anywhere let alone there.
Had a Smalltalk class in college taught by a professor who had never written a line of Smalltalk in his life. I had used it for work and signed up for the class figuring it would be easy. The entire class ended up way easier than I expected. The entire grade for the class was from a Hello World program that took one line to code. “System message: ‘Hello World’” Turned out the professor had to offer the class because of a deal he made with IBM for VisualAge IDEs he was using for C++ but had no real interest in using Smalltalk.
Was it war? Been a while since I reread those.
One squeeze for yes. Two for no. Three for ask a better question.
Bought a bar box years ago and it is great. I have never seen a valley table where it sank in the middle like the other poster mentioned, and mine has stayed perfectly level for the 15 years I have owned it. And I bought it used from a pool hall that was closing. The big thing that tells you whether $500 is a good deal is whether the rails are in good shape. If they are then it is a good price. Valley tables are almost always 1 piece slates and nice thick ones too. Personally I can’t stand Olhausen. They are all about looks and not playability in my opinion. The rails aren’t wide enough to bridge properly from. And they often have scallops and such you end up leaning up against.
Everything I have read suggests Assange was a complete pig of a guest and they finally got sick of his shit and kicked him out.
Someone is racking for me as long as the eight is in the right spot and the corners aren’t all the same I don’t care. When I rack for myself or an opponent I give as fairly distributed a rack as I can. And to make sure I don’t randomly look like a dick by randomly putting the 13 at the top, I always rack the one at the top and put the 13 in the middle of the rack. I do have a chuckle when someone tries to rattle me by putting the 13 up front when racking for me. Even had a few who roll it around to make sure the 13 is perfectly framed for me. Those folks get my full focus.
I don’t know why they didn’t just put a tariff on the virus. I mean if China insists on sending so much of it to the US we should make money off of them. Make the US made viruses more competitive. /s
I have a valley table. I picked up the slate myself multiple times. It was one piece. You are wrong. Edit: imagine being so incapable of accepting you are mistaken that you delete your account instead. Dude, we are all wrong from time to time, not that big of a deal.
And you are proving yourself ignorant. Valleys are bar boxes. They are made to move around within a location and between locations regularly. And generally this is done without removing the slate and rails. They have one piece slates to make this easier. Also easier to level, and a hell of a lot more durable in an environment like a bar where they will take abuse. Here is a “how it is made” video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=g-ADsU2nb30 Please enjoy correcting your ignorance. And would be curious if anyone has ever seen a valley that came without a one piece slate. Never seen one myself.
Watch the video. If you can’t take my word for it look at the stack of one piece slates in the valley factory. Not sure what else to tell you.
In the US you can effectively borrow the keg and tap from the liquor store when you buy the beer. The CO2 setup is nice but most college kids just go for a simple tap with a hand pump. Leaves more money for beer. If you were a party house that had keggers often, you might chip in and buy your own tap or even your own keg. But mostly that will be fraternities and the like.
