Looks like a neighborhood watch cam to me.
Or he’s just an interpreter of high ranking...
Just use Tor, a VPN, and have the packages delivered to an abandoned house. And choose 1 day shipping so the police aren’t there waiting when you go get it
Yeah, and people in this thread are acting like he is forcing his wife not to get tattoos. She’s gotten 3 that he didn’t like so he’s clearly not forcing her not to. He’s not threatening to leave or do something if she does. He’s just upset.
For long term love to work, you have to make sacrifices to deal with other’s irrationalities. Now by being in a relationship with someone who is on the spectrum, they’re going to have to make a lot more sacrifices than most other couples. What determines if it is going to work or not, is if dealing with those irrationalities are worth it for maintaining the relationship. Most relationships that work long term, both people have to make sacrifices. I’m not saying your reasoning is incorrect, just that your reasoning results in a bias because everyone is reading the story from his point of view. I’d argue your reasoning is correct (well, it gets a lot more complicated when you have kids), but also able to be applied to the other side of the relationship. &gt; She married a person with wants and needs and the right to express himself however he sees fit. She can tell him not being able to get certain tattoos without him getting upset is a deal breaker for her (but it doesn’t seem like they are?) But other than that if he has a tantrum then she has no other input than “I don’t want to be with you anymore” Because in a long term relationship you agree to deal with the irrationalities of the other person (Everyone has them, but not many know they do because the irrationalities seem rational to them). Once you don’t want to deal with them you leave, you don’t try and manipulate them into changing. Some people in this thread say OP is manipulating her into changing. But i would have to disagree. She has gotten 3 tattoos he’s been upset with, if he was manipulating her she wouldn’t have been able to have gotten those 3 tattoos. OP also says he paid for the tattoo he didn’t agree with. That does not seem like manipulation to me. And she isn’t manipulating either, she’s dealing with his irrationalities as they agreed to at the start of their relationship. It’s a sucky situation, for some people the irrational is just tattoos. For most people, the irrational is getting upset over being slowed down for 30 seconds by a red light. Personally, i recently learned my SO is bisexual. (She recently learned this too, she took longer than most people to figure out because we’ve been dating for such a long time she’s never really been pushed to figure it out.) Naturally this was very surprising and took me off guard. For a short while i thought of a sleep over with her friends who are girls would be the same as a sleep over with all guys. I have an anxiety disorder. But then i realized i was being irrational. They have the same body parts, and i trust her not to get physical with any of her STRAIGHT friends. But, during the time i was being anxious over it (less than a week) she comforted me over the topic and we talked about it. She dealt with my irrationalities perfectly. Now if she were to have up and arms left because she didn’t agree with that, that would have obviously been horrible for both of us. Anyways, my point is that yes there disagreements where your only input is to just leave. But to a degree there is a level of dealing with your SO’s irrationalities. This is typical behavior between spouses (it’s just over a tattoo because of OP’s mental health instead of over more traditional things).
You’re a good developer :)
Yeah bill gates definitely doesn’t launder money lol
One time when i was a kid, i was at a public swimming pool. The pool was pretty crowded, it’s hard not to bump into people but if you say excuse me usually you’re fine. Well i began to swim under water and as i was swimming i swam through a relatively narrow opening between two girls a few years older than me. Well my feet as i as swimming went up and hit both of the girl’s butts. They thought it was my hands and went and told my parents, i was grounded for a week after the worst belt spanking i’ve ever received.
Thanks! I do enjoy playing it. Perhaps that is why I was able to pick it up better than the Mello. Marching band gets old with 3-4 hour practices 4 days a week and 16 hours of competition Saturdays. So time consuming i refused to add extra hours to learn mellophone on my own. (Winning state and the nationals competition for our class made it worth it though!) I however love concert band though! I played a small part of a song we were learning in class and it was great. I’m also motivated to learn because pretending like i’m playing gets boring.
I'm in a high school band and a french horn player. And I personally can't stand the trumpets. Let's start off with the instrument. First they always play so darn loud. The horn makes a beautiful noise, while the trumpets make sounds like they're coming out of a tin can. But it's easy to play loud on a trumpet, and the top chair trumpet players always think they're soooo cool because they can hit notes consistently so they play loud. They often drown out the flutes and our beautiful french horns. It's so obnoxious. Then there's just the cockieness that comes with being a trumpet player. Typically band directors play trumpet, and for some stupid reason trumpet players think that because they play trumpet they're so cool and hold a high social status. Uh, no. They're ugly as heck and always think they're the bomb among the girls. As far as internal drama among the french horn section, the french horn section is usually one of the smallest sections in a band. This one kid in my section joined band because my girlfriend was in band (and he felt he'd never get to see her if he didn't join). She is first chair, he is last. But he still sits in the second chair spot because he's older, despite being last chair. No body wants to keep their own binder, which results in 1st chair parts playing 2nd parts. There's usually not large discrepancies between first and 2nd chair players so 2nd parts typically play 1st parts which results in everyone being first part. Ugh, and most french horns have strings that attach the fingerings to the valves and those always break and you have to restring them which takes FOREVER. In order to empty spit you've to essentially disassemble your long windey horn to find the culprit. There's always that one younger horn player who manages to make it to 2nd chair because the practiced 6 hours a day for the playing test at the end of the week and can beat other people who sight read the playing test. We're usually pretty tight outside of concert band and go rollerskating sometimes. The closeness usually derives from the fact we have a small section. Also we are often treated as a woodwind instead of brass. Also the band director calls on us, and we never practice alone as just the french horn section during class. We're never usually the problem when something sounds really bad. We also like to play [Baby Shark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6DSY1vUhlQ) During free moments to get the song stuck in every one's head.
I'll think about that next time I practice. Thanks!
The temperature of the horn itself doesn't actually affect the pitch of the sound at all. It's the temperature of the air which makes wind instruments sound flat. However having a cold mouthpiece can be uncomfortable to many players. IMO a plastic mouthpiece would be more uncomfortable than it being cold. Especially considering you can warm up your mouthpiece pretty easily.
I thought you all were about to play Baby shark at [0:40](https://youtu.be/mzYjUXD7Sf8?t=39)
Thanks. We were supposed to play at 110 BPM for the playing test. I played a little slower than this, and i did initially start off playing like 70 BPM but sped it up as i learned the notes. I missed a few notes in the video, it seems to be now every time i play it i miss different random notes idk. Thanks for the advice! I don’t have an instructor so i learn the notes using a tuner on my phone. I try to get in the center of it, it’s like a little game to see how long i can keep it there. That might explain my tone.
Not really. But you probably don’t know how wikipedia works, like most wiki deniers.
&gt;.(Literally just a full stop) A what?
Somebody give a sexy beast some gold!
Yes i completely agree. Which is why I always check the sources cited when appropriate.
where you can leave a downvote on what you dislike the most
Just curious, what college degree did you get?
*but it’s a video*
oh okay. Did you get a bachelors or masters?
it was a joke :( sorry
You just opened up many opportunities to get you the life you want. It should be very exciting.
Yep! read my u/
&gt; "They" when used to describe an individual is not correct. they /T͟Hā/ pronoun 1.used to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified. "the two men could get life sentences if they are convicted" **2.used to refer to a person of unspecified gender. "ask someone if they could help"**
Forgot this wasn’t america and my first thought was the hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt you must be in.
Problems I wish I had.
I wouldn't consider myself an adult at 18. I've never found anyone not in the same social latter attractive, such as high schoolers when I'm in high school, college students when i'm in college, etc. A year or two into college any high schooler was unnatractive.
No she’s not. They had different bounds for the relationship so they decided it wouldn’t work. NAH.
There is a bias that makes people think Facebook uses their microphone to target them with ads. Facebook does do a really good job at supplying relevant ads to their users. However it is not from data obtained from the microphone. This method is not possible to do secretly on IOS. When an app is using your microphone in the background, it will notify you in the status bar. You can also check your daemon usage to see that your microphone is not running while on Facebook unless you're using the camera or similar feature. Do I understand the psychology behind what is making hundreds of thousands of people believe in the phenomena that Facebook is using their microphone to increase ad revenue? No, but I do understand the basic functions of IOS and operating systems to know that they don't. This is one of those things reddit is consistently wrong about.
That Facebook uses the microphone to listen to its users in order to target them with specific ads. On iOS for example, an app can not use the microphone in the background without your status bar glowing bright red. And even if you have your microphone enabled for the facebook app, you can check your daemon usage to see that your microphone is only running whenever using the camera or similar feature. Facebook is really good at targeting its users with relevant advertisements, however they do not achieve this via the microphone. Even if they used the microphone, voice to text technology is really inefficient especially when the phone is feet away or in a pocket. So even if Facebook wanted to use the microphone to aid its ad relevance, it wouldn't be able to without serious innovation in voice to text software.
It's an IOS bug.
No matter any effort put to avoid misusing scientific terms there will be still the people who misuse them. In fact most people will still misuse them. Being pedantic is futile. Some people are on the sex offenders list for trying to pee behind a tree at a school soccer game when there are no bathrooms. Some rape toddlers. Some are 25 year olds manipulating 16-17 year olds for sex. The sex offenders list mostly consists of the latter. Most people still consider that a pedophile, which means the non scientific use of the world pedophile includes those people. Pedophilia is a human made idea. Which means, you’re a pedophile if people say you’re a pedophile. If you’re in a monogamous relationship with someone your own age while 30 years old, and 90% of the population considers you a pedophile, you are then a pedophile. This isn’t the case for everything, gravity still exists even if everyone says it doesn’t. Pedophilia however wouldn’t exist if people never said it did. I personally don’t feel bad for sex offenders who offend against 16 year olds and get labeled as a pedophile by the populous. It protects children.
Which i clarified in my comment. Your lack of understanding seems to come from determining the difference between the same word with two different meanings depending on the context. Pedophilia. Pedophilia. One doesn’t exists if people says it doesn’t, one does. They’re two different things. One is the term psychs use to diagnose people attracted to prepubescent children. The other is the word most people use to classify someone who commits an extraneous act against a minor.
But if enough people misuse the word, the meaning of the word changes. It’s how language works and it’s how language is different from area to area despite being the same language. Enough people misuse the word pedophile, so the social aspect of the word has changed meaning to include any old guy into a minor. The medical term is still the same, sexually mature people who are attracted to pre-pubescent children. Now this could be hard to grasp if you live in an area where the meaning of the word hasn’t changed. Personally almost every time i’ve heard the word pedophile, it was used in such a manner. This has been a little different over the internet however, as is to be expected.
For some reason I keep reading all these lyrics as a country song
r/mod still does not work on mobile official app.
My girlfriend just told me she was bi about a couple weeks ago. We’ve been dating for so long and through the time most people figure it out, that she didn’t even know she was bi. I’m not breaking up with her, that’s stupid. But it does rise questions. Today, we were on a bus and she said to her also bisexual friend “Hey sit on my lap!” and i was like “what? no?!” and she got upset with me. If i were to have a girl sit on my lap, that’d be cheating. I genuinely don’t know. AITA for that? I told her that my standards for cheating remained the same, and still apply to girls as well. Like if she kisses a guy that’s cheating, but also if she kisses a girl. Even before i knew my GF was bi i wouldn’t want another bisexual girl to sit on her lap like that.
My SO, when we met she was heavily depressed and self harmed. Turned out I was just what she needed and she went from suicidal depression to periodic depression and coming upon a year without self harm.
Thanks, hugging and putting an arm around her friends even bisexual friends i would be perfectly okay with. There was this one incident before i knew she was bi where her and another girl stood close to each other talking and their boobs were touching, and my gf said “Our boobs are touching” and she said “i know 😂”. This happened right in front of me. I told her i did not like that at all but thought i was over reacting. My gf said that the other girl did it and she didn’t know what to do. But she could have easily backed away. And about just this past friday she held hands with a pansexual (polysexual maybe?) friend of hers while we were ice skating for about 15 seconds, interlocked fingers not for balance. I haven’t said anything at all about that though. The only reason i’d ever break up with her is if she cheated on me. If we break up she will return to self harm and likely kill herself.
What is the app that's 4th up on the far right? Below the calendar.
He wears his hat exactly how I imagined he would wear his hat.
This is not an intelligent comment.
The best thing the average person could do for the environment other than voting is to kill themselves. Does that mean we should be encouraging people to kill themselves? It makes the statement misleading and discouraging. Why fight for a better environment after i’m dead if I don’t have kids? Even having a child is negligible compared to what corporations are doing to harm the environment. Most over-population occurs in areas that barely use fossils fuels because they’re so poor. Yes having a kid hurts the environment, your existence also hurts the environment. But it is very possible to exist, have kids and have a healthy environment, we, largely cooperations, just have to treat our surroundings better.
Wow, I can not believe comments on this subreddit about no real benefit of 128 tick are getting upvoted. I’ve held that opinion and made posts on this sub about it 2 years ago, and was always heavily downvotes and disagreed with.
The Supreme Court hasn’t ruled on anything in regards to trump collusion?
Same. It’s some real /r/titlegore
For me it was a picture of a dog sitting at a lot where a burned down house used to be.
The bigger issue than that is your circulatory system. It’s hard for the human heart to pump blood all the way to your head if you’re 7 foot tall. Most people 7ft or just under die in their 50s/60s.
change your number dude
/r/billwurtz
First of all, don’t focus on your grade. Most High schools across the country fake their grades. You know what that means? GPA is worth less. A 3.7 is just as good as a 4.0. Because in most smaller schools, a 4.0 was easier to get than someone else’s 3.7. My AP chemistry teacher has a Ph.d and used to be a professor at a university. (Which he can no longer do because he forged results to studies he didn’t do and disciplined for sexual harassment, which is why he is a high school teacher, but he is still a really good teacher and smart.) What matters is what AP exams you’ve passed and ACT scores. He said when he worked on the admission board for his university, they handed him folders of people with a 3.6 GPA and above with a 28 ACT score and above FIRST. Then down from there. Don’t drop the class. A B or even a C in that class is better for you than an easier math class with an A. Colleges don’t care about your GPA if they see all you took were the easy classes. You’re still learning more than any other class.
Honestly, if you’re failing AP Chem in high school, unless there’s some serious change in your work ethic, a major in engineering is pretty far. An accountant is easy to become and makes similar money. Or financial analyst and work your way up.
As a senior I would personally only take 4 AP classes and try to get the rest of your periods as free periods for homework. You’re already halfway done, and you will thank yourself in college.
remindme! 9 hours
/r/thathappened
Why did he spend thousands of his own dollars to maintain cydia?
Yep. I wouldn’t be surprised if he went about saying it the wrong way though.
You can use iTunes to go to 12.1. Look up a tutorial on how to do it. you'll only be able to do it for just a little while longer however.
Even if you fail, so what? Colleges won’t not let you in if you fail an AP class. Usually people who get a D or similar in an AP class do better than most people when they take the actual class in college. Because they’ve already sat through all the content once.
Does your school not offer any AP classes? If they offer even just 1 you’ll be able to sign up with them.
Read the AP book and answer the questions at the end of each chapter. If you do just this and get all the questions answered you’ll pass the AP exam. Which is all that really matters.
Then you can still sign up with them and the school themselves will even give you the test. Even if you’re the only one taking it.
Then if you’d be waiting for a jailbreak for iOS 13 which is well over a year from now.
This is a speech I gave in front of my school when there was a debate about school shootings, specifically regarding metal detectors. An anonymous donor donated a lot of money for metal detectors to be put into the school. The school had an assembly for the debate and a survey on whether there should be metal detectors or not. The donation was turned down and there are no metal detectors in the building. Part of my speech was aired on the local news station. The part about the media was not aired.
I thought Khan Academy was only SAT?
That's on every version, 11.3 and up can disable it.
But not every continent has the same name as the main country in that comment.
You are not educated on the subject. The repeal actually hasn’t even been enacted yet. Early 2019 is when it takes place.
Eh, you're completely wrong. Here is a video made in April 2018 on how to shut down the very feature you just mentioned [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aU6gXKG2BE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aU6gXKG2BE)
Woah there teddy Roosevelt
No one cares but you
All the driver did was make an illegal u-turn. Something almost everyone does at some point. Such consequence is an appropriate discipline for such an act. Justice isn't over-punishing people.
Reading faster is not the solution. The solution is reading at a pace where you can comprehend. You get 8 minutes per passage. You want to spend less time on the questions before spending less time on the passage. When people skim or read really fast, they tend not to comprehend and have to go back to the text to find the answer for every question. This takes a lot more time than just simply reading 15 wpm slower. The only way to work on this skill, is to read ACT style short stories and go back and answer ACT style questions. The more you do, the better you will get.
Kaplan ACT Rapid review on demand is pretty good for me. Covers everything that could possibly be on the ACT. Approved/sponsored by ACT.
Dude we get it, you made a video. Now please stop advertising it all over the place. Make a post with the link to it and be done.
Can i ask how much you make/year? I’ve always wanted to know the salary for buy side analysts.
What is a super score?
Create a new account and post the exact same thing then delete the account to avoid this.
Yikes 😬
I’m willing to bet the other side of that story has more validity.
&gt; I use one for distance/midpoin Care to share?
Thanks, and thanks for the surprisingly quick response to a 5 month old post lol
And you don’t even need one (well for a cat), cat claws are not hard enough to scratch the glass on your phone. They are hard enough to scratch plastic screen protectors however.
thanks
I recommend Kapplan rapid review on demand if you don't mind spending $40. Or ACT online prep
“I enjoy spending time with family and friends. I also play [sport] casually with a small team of friends and watch ball games on TV” Doesn’t matter what you do for fun, make something up lol
This is r/jailbreak?
Then maybe find someone else
I’m colorblind so it was worse
Do you by any chance have your tetherme hotspot on?
Check your battery usage and see if anything is taking it up
you type so cute :) 😍
Even if apple did have code to force update people, it could be easily removed if you're jailbroken.
That’s because we’re talking about Cornell
That’s a RES issue.
If HTML5 works fine for you on pure websites, it will work fine for you on reddit. Reddit also has better server specs than most other media sharing websites like imgur or gfycat etc. People like you are just always looking for something to hate about reddit.
good bot
GPA really is not that important. Not because of it just being a number, but most high schools fake their grades. Colleges know this. I have a 4.0 UW, but that is only because my teachers in classes make things worth more so if all you do is simply turn in your daily work you’ll get at least a B or high C for the semester. Then if you take the tests and get like a B or similar you’ll have an easy A. Also, people cheat. And the kind of people who cheat aren’t the kind of people who typically get in trouble. The people who cheat tend to be the top 10% of their class. Cheating is easy for your regular high school grades. A lot harder to cheat on the ACT. Now colleges still don’t want to see you take easy classes and get D’s and C’s, but if you challenge yourself, a C in one high school is more work than an A in another. I’m about to take midterms today and tomorrow. Each mid term is worth 20% of that semester grade. Teachers get in trouble if people have low grades. So they make the the mid terms really easy. calculus: midterm was domain and range, 6 questions US Hist: told us all the answers then handed out the test AP Chem: 75 multiple choice we’ve already completed English: stupid east test as always But i know that the 4.0 i’ve done basically 0 work for is quite useless. What matters are AP exam scores, ACT/SAT scores, grade growth, essay, etc.
The only programs i can use to search is chrome, and there are images so i can’t copy and paste.
Windows PC but i’ll be viewing it on chrome OS. It contains images though so i can’t just copy and paste.
Okay i see what you mean now. So i’ll open all of the .html as a .txt, paste all the files into one and then convert it back to .html?
Yeah, in that case it sucks for you because your high school actually makes you try for good grades. But on the other hand, you have it better than I because you’re having to work for your grade and are actually learning. Meaning you’ll have an edge on people who come from those schools in college. (Personally i self study a lot but no one else in my school does that.) The good thing is that colleges aren’t dumb and know high schools fake their grades. So they either look at your GPA compared to the rest of your class, or only use your GPA to get a general/vague idea of how you perform in class.
This accomplished exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
who cares
If you’re unfamiliar with computer fonts, “type faces” may be an unfamiliar word. Maybe the last paragraph had some harder words or acronyms. Other than though, an excellent ELI5, one of the better ones i’ve seen by far.
It's been a jailbreak tweak forever. This is actually a direct copy from a jailbreak tweak by Apple.
What if i were to take adderall right before a test?
Because browse subs like /r/gatekeeping
It’s a scam.
That’s the thing though, this video is obviously scripted. It’s so obvious. Why should OP make the title “The Trust Game (by the way this is scripted)”? It’s silly. Everyone watching this video knows it’s scripted. It’s like getting upset at the Avengers film makers because everything the actors said was written out on paper before they even spoke! There is no label saying “This is not actual real footage” on every single movie you watch is there? It’s like people can’t wrap their mind around what a skit is
Right but this isn’t facebook, it’s reddit. The demographic is significantly younger.
if you just read the AP book and answer the questions you’re set. Edit: I didn’t mean to act like i was making this sound easy, it’s just really all you have to do. AP Calc isn’t like this because the books out there aren’t too great.
And that’s why i’m not on facebook. People who can’t tell the difference can complain over there. I have higher expectations for reddit.
&gt;My fellow Americans, climate change is real but any policy to confront this issue would hurt our donors so we won't do anything about it. All of our economic policies will hurt 99% of Americans but, again, we want to help our donors first and foremost. Immigration really is one of the reasons America is America but brown people scare us. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a7or2p/comment/ec4jsup?st=JPVZG6PW&amp;sh=06b96f2b
Its unconstitutional for the president to start a war without congressional approval.
Also learn barometers
an easier way is to just rearrange it until the formal charge (e- in lewis structure minus valence electrons on periodic table) is 0 or the charge of the ion.
https://imgur.com/a/nMcR8hr There is a screenshot of how one of my teachers fake her grades. Our notebook where we do bellwork on is a grade that made the tests worthless. If i didn’t even take the only two tests that term, I would have still gotten a 95% A in the tests section.
I agree with this. Get pricing analyst position for experience, and then get experience in a financial analyst position, and at my company 6 years of experience as a financial analyst qualifies you for a financial manager.
It’s common strategy when taking tests to choose the most specific correct answer. Tests will do this all the time, especially english tests. To get the correct answer on the answer key you have to choose the most specific one. English ACT does this.
just use unc0ver
If you don't like staged then Frankie is simply not for you. Some of his older videos aren't as staged. The whole DayZ Arma 2 cheating scandal was because frankie initially tried to keep the fact his videos were scripted a secret to avoid disappointing his viewers (like you). Any time he was accused of using cheats, he was really using mod tools on his own (single player) server. Same for the CS:GO bhopping script. Unfortunately he was not quite the best at PR so it all got quite a bit out of hand.
What you need to do is put all the files in one folder and share that
What do you think neonazis are mentally
You have every right to turn around and say “don’t touch me”. Any guy who does this is doing it because they “think girls like it” or are trying to be flirty. Personally i’d never be flirty physically before knowing the girl is into it.
They know and do it as a flirty move. They think girls like it, essentially getting as close to the butt as they can without it being considered groping. It’s quite disgusting.
I’m a guy and personally never raise my voice or hit things, even when angry. Yelling just doesn’t really help take out any anger? Usually when i’m angry i freeze and that’s it. I don’t get that way watching football either, idk but it seems to be weird of me. My SO appreciates it though.
I might just even end up making it a redirect to /r/SCUMgame but idk yet
I like ACT more because it’s a non profit company and budges less when it comes to political pressure form colleges.
Anything is possible when your man smells like old spice and not a lady. I'm on a horse.
Most law makers receive enough lobby money they don’t care. This would only hurt the honest law makers like Bernie Sanders who’s main income is the actual salary.
They’re talking about the senate and house i believe. They might care, but won’t be nearly as affected.
They even have missions on the road map! That was my favorite part of DayZ mod.
Because it’s hard to find true conservatives on reddit.
This bug is fixed! Good job to the developers for reacting so fast. :) SCUM developers are doing this whole early access thing right.
\-
Just store your stuff in wooden crates, not the house items. It's less buggy.
I also got my phone at launch, and I'm at 85% battery health. Unfortunately, the back glass on my iphone is broken so I don't think i'd be able to get a battery replacement without replacing the whole phone and paying for it.
Get out of here.
Because the creator of the post deleted it. Pwn does not put malware into his stuff. Also judging by your flair, you’re using Pwn’s work as well.
on a reddit post in /r/picturegame
:)
Chop the christmas tree down with an axe
I built mine in a silo that only has 1 window and 1 door.
A sports care costs $66k lol
yea more like 1:100000 $$$$$$$$$$
My organs. They’re worth a hefty bit.
\-
Something is wet if it has water on it. The water molecules in the water have water on them. Therefore water is wet. Unless you single out a single molecule of water.
. give it a bath and it will be fine
Yeah we’ll spill their tea today just like we spelt it all over the deck yesterday!
neither is 71
Restaurant*
You charge your electric vehicle at a charge station, where the electricity is made from fossil fuels most likely. I wish there was a further effort to make such stations like these solar or wind powered.
So don’t try on your first one, then try on your second one for good increases?
I don’t believe you
Ferb?
Every time you pass a car going the opposite direction on a 2 way road. Just a few feat over to the side and you’re dead.
When i was a kid and i had sleep paralysis, i just made a bunch of naked girls pop up. If i didn’t do that it would have been this fat guy with a machete.
oh :(
I hate how i can’t hit permalink to move up in a comment change. On the redesign or mobile.
Please don’t ever ride the subway
you’re the big spoon?
They can’t directly find your location through your email. Now if they knew your real email address, they could do a basic google search to find any social media and see who you are. But you said you used a fake email account. It is also impossible to get your IP through just an email. But if they send you a link to their own website, and you go to the website, they can then see the IP you used to access the website. However, the scammer is just some scumbag trying to get money from dumb people. Even if the scammer had such information, nothing bad would happen.
Did you even read what i said? Due to an unrealistic aspect of the game (lag) camping is not rewarded, at least if they know where you are.
For a masters in finance you could make $90k straight out of college. But the post was probably made up.
It’s an early access game. If there wasn’t lag i would be worried.
Yeah that’s not how game development works. Especially for indie developers. The lag isn’t that bad, especially on low pop servers. Either way, you can’t optimize a game, add content then have to optimize it again because you just added a bunch of stuff. It’s quicker and cheaper to optimize it after you add the content.
You can’t just “optimize a building” lol. That’s not how it works.
Why did she say sandscript? what?
Just know your parents don’t define you. You can do what ever you want now, as far as you should be concerned they don’t matter in your life.
The problem with that mentality is, when it comes to something like rape and sexual assault, most bad guys will get away with it. It’s not a few bad guys, it’s almost every bad guy.
If i knew exactly then i’d be hired. Severs are responsible for sending almost every bit of information the client receives, many times a second. The more people you have, the harder it is on the server. What you’re experiencing is what i described previously. The lag compensation is not good in this game (or existent at all?), but that’s expected and can’t really be refined until at least the female player models are in. In the mean time the lag can be minimized by being the one who rushes, long distance battles and being in first person. If you don’t like the game and don’t want to play it anymore, then there is little reason for you to be on this sub. Early Access games are clearly just not for you.
The thing is about taxidermy, is that you’d be able to tell that the cat doesn’t look like it used to. It would look significantly different. That’s a reason no weird rich folk taxidermists their loved ones. Because they won’t look the same. Your best bet is to contact the artist in the OP and pay them to make one of your cat. Seriously, and it’d probably be cheaper than a taxidermy. I bet the artist would do it for like $250 while a taxidermy is months long process and can be upwards of $500.
Look at the commits for just Electra 1131, it’s mostly Pwn. https://twitter.com/Pwn20wnd/status/1015371650081017856 https://twitter.com/stek29/status/1014918490938060800
Source? You can keep saying it but i won’t believe it’s true until i see it.
Clearly you didn’t look at this commit then. This proves he does the most https://github.com/coolstar/electra1131/commit/9a3b42392c2f9ea00384f4c5f901cf95d6111730
They’re all over the place in bunkers.
You’re raped, but can’t prove it in court. Did the rape happen?
Dark mode for me brings out the scratches in my phone’s display
Yeah, if it wasn’t a stolen car then they’d get the license plate and you either flee the country or go to jail with an increased sentence eventually.
No one does that, that’s only something in movies... What people do however is tell the guards that a gang is planning on killing him and they will put him in solitary confinement out side of genpop. Also pretending to be suicidal gets you easy solitary.
So what you’re saying is we need a volcano to explode?😁
Yikes. This almost sounds exactly like what companies who contribute the most to climate change would put on a note card and send to people through the mail. You have fallen victim of their propaganda. What causes climate change more than the exhaust on all our cars are those large, often unfiltered smoke stacks you see coming out of hundreds of thousands of factories in china. China has taken bigger steps to reduce pollution than any other country.
I tried moving there but they said no because i wasn’t female.
I don’t believe this. Then where are all the tweaks stored? How are the purchases managed? Unless Sileo is dependent on Cydia i don’t see how else that’d happen. And if sileo is dependent on cydia then all you’re really getting is the interface.
Well then why doesn’t /u/saurik do that?
That’s going to be one of the hardest emissions to let down. There is always going to be pollution with 7 billion people living on this planet. However there is a lot of needless pollution that can be attacked first via other methods. Humans still have to eat. &gt;You can’t just stop companies from polluting if people want to buy products that cause pollution. Again passing the narrative that in order for the goods to be made the environment has to be polluted. This is not true for almost all goods. Meat is an exception for this, because cows fart. It’s going to be far more effective and easy to cut down on climate change through legislation and not “every one stop buying this because in 80 years the earth will be to hot.” I know you’re not a corporate shill but you really do sound like one.
Yeah they only save you thousands of dollars and prepare you for college.
You could just run it through a wall.
Just use old.reddit.com honestly
Unfortunately, as slow internet becomes less common and fast internet becomes more common, you will continue to be left behind by websites. It’s simply a bad business and financial decision to hold back on features and visual effects to help those on bad internet speeds. For every 1 person they lose because of this, they get a dozen more. Reddit does a good job in the sense they provide an opt out and old.reddit.com. Most other sites do not provide such.
Oh okay, thank you for the answer. In that case my assumption that Sileo would meet the same fate is probably true. Thank you for putting so much of your own money into making Cydia possible. You don’t have to but do it anyways for the community and I have always respected that.
Or better off people live in better off areas and tend to send their kids to better schools who then learn more and become smarter and are challenged which affects brain development.
I’m straight and my girlfriend is bi. I personally couldn’t care less what her sexuality is as long as i’m included. The only thing that is a little different is we’ll point out pretty girls we see with each other. She’s actually homo-leaning and is demisexual towards guys. I didn’t know this until almost a year into our relationship. i’m happy for her but i honestly don’t care.
I’m a male and agree to an extent. I would never date a girl who i thought was “dumb.”
Oooh, sorry i misunderstood your comment.
How do airlines “get away with murder” ??
What other countries do is send you the report so you can make changes, then you sign it and give it back.
No not even close.
They did fix the search. It works many times better than it used to and they’ve said they updated it. They have given modmail tools you just got to to use he new mod mail. They’ve completely revamped the spam fighting system.
This subreddit has served its purpose, to let you know if you need an attorney or not. The answer is yes, you need an attorney. Any further legal advice you accept should come from an attorney.
My conclusion: Bernie is more of a true progressive, but due to the current political climate i will be getting behind whichever candidate has a higher chance of winning the presidency.
It looks like he turned the wrong way down a one way street though.
Or make the door shut all the way
Chrome does this by default
Therapy does a really good job and doing just exactly this.
That’s not the case in America.
No. Colorblindness doesn’t work like that.
National honors society is legit.
So you’re an anarchist...
eotxnapiects
What they want to see is growth. This actually helps people more than it hurts. If the first time you took it and you got a 25, then 27, then 30 then 32 then 35, they will be far more impressed than someone who took it once and got a 35.
Can you share it?
Yeah but is there an online copy. I didn’t take the test so i can’t get it.
Yeah i’m in AP Chem and there was a section on electron configurations and i answered all the questions for that passage in just a few minutes
http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28x%2B5%29%5E3+%2B+2%28x%2B5%29%5E2+-+3 wolfram alpha says E
It was a long time ago, the parties are completely different parties under the same name now. Many argue the parties actually switched from conservative to progressive and progressive to conservative.
In traffic laws, they are not. Unless there’s a bike lane.
Pharmacy school is much harder than accounting school though
Right but if she were to have an interest in accounting and attempt to learn it she would be able to do it, and she’d find it easier compared to pharmacy school.
Well no, not necessarily haha. You might have the potential to successfully go through pharmacy school, and you may even have the potential to perform better than she did. However, you’ll never know because you didn’t go through pharmacy school. Your wife did go through more rigorous schooling though. But yeah lol if my wife was a pharmacist she’d be smarter than me haha.
I heard in third world European countries they don’t measure distance in foot ball fields and height in statues of liberty. Plebs.
&gt;I have a feeling having a stat for teammates would encourage team flashing ~~in lower ranks~~ lol FTFY
Because they were removed automatically on accident.
They ban millions of counts a day. You all are merely conspiring.
They have the hashes stored, not the actual passwords. You know absolutely nothing about security. Google however is far more invasive does collect a lot of information about you. It’s for advertising, and they make a lot of money off of it. Apple is known for security, apple and google are polar opposites.
Mania and hypomania are withdrawal symptoms of Zoloft. You sound a lot like you’re manic/hypomanic. It’ll probably come crashing back down and when it does go see your doctor please.
Is a CPU cooler mandatory?
Can you suggest what PSU you are talking about?
okay, can i have cheaper PSU suggestions?
It’ll be like that for the rest of your life.
It ha 5 prongs on top and 4 prongs on bottom though. I’ve tried a VGA cable and it doesn’t fit.
It’s an SB560 - 52039. I have no cords, i’m trying to buy all that’s needed to connect it to a desktop computer. Here’s some pictures of the manual https://imgur.com/gallery/QfhdQpA When i call the company and ask what cords i need they say they don’t support that model anymore and refuse to help.
not vga
Yeah so it looks like i’m going to need some sort of adapter from db-9 to VGA heck
Thank you!!
Did they win?
yess omg i struggled on that one
9-6=3
The last 3 were easy. 58 and 59 were stupid easy. There were no ~~one~~ C’s as answers in the last 9 questions so if you guessed C’s sorry edit: there was one C
Oh I see what you’re saying now. sorry
that’s how you do it without a calculator tho, often times that’s what you do on the act when pi is involved and not left in terms of pi
if you guess c’s, there wasn’t a c in all 9 last questions soooo. Mostly B’s and A’s.
yes the last 4 or 5 questions has like 3 a’s in them
that was the one i didn’t know, thanks.
.3 on that yes. There was another like what’s the probability of A and B and it was like and .08
had the world “personal” in it and had something about how he got to where he is forgot the answer choice tho
there was 1 i believe. MAYBE 2
his blood pressure maybe
lobbyists*
No one's defending the company. It just doesn't mean anything that they invested in reddit.
I got to the act an hour early bc i got out of the gym early and there was no point in driving back home. A girl got dropped off by someone who had to get to work so she was also an hour early. We talked for a whole hour and i got her number after the test and we’re going to a night time pool party tomorrow lol EDIT: UPDATE here: https://www.reddit.com/r/ACT/comments/bymo1p/i_met_someone_in_the_act_checkin_line_who_said/eqz5nox?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x
i think the act is getting me laid lol
Bro my 12 year old cousin built a pc and he isn't even smart, gets like C's in school. You know that game you played as a kid where you put the circle in the circle hole and the star in the star hole? It's the same thing just with screws.
Still way better than any of us will ever be.
Maybe it was bc he was a guy and had a purse.
You should be a show writer.
We scandis have thursday’s as holidays so we can make it a long weekend with just 1 day off.
Blue waffle?
We scandis do it the best way. Holidays on thursdays so we can take one vacation day off and make it a long weekend.
Haha, but we scandis have holidays on thursday so we can take friday off allowing for a long weekend.
It was an inscribed hexagon this time haha
Colleges don’t look at weighted anyway.
you sure you're not an LDLC fan?
What are your tire stacking qualifications?
But with that logic even gasoline is a battery lol
No one likes the diet and exercise response. Does the medicine itself cause weight gain? Not really, but it can cause body image issues as a side effect. So even if you eat well and exercise, and weigh less from before you started zoloft, you may still feel fat.
But the H2 fuses with the oxygen in the air to make electricity that powers an electric motor. The hydrogen is just pressurized in the gas tank. So no, unlike gasoline hydrogen is not burned by the fuel cell, it is rather fused with the O2 in the air which gives off the appearance that it's burning away. The only waste product is water in the engine. So there really isn't any "Adding energy to the hydrogen" unless you're talking about pressurizing it.
Oh I see what you were saying now, i misinterpreted your comment. It acts as a fuel if you look at how it's used in the car, but a battery if you look at total energy from the time it's extracted.
remindme! 3 months
Ram can be repurposed as vram tho
My monitor is right next to my computer, but I also have a 50m ethernet cable (left over from when we moved houses). So instead of buying another ethernet cable, I just wrapped the thing all the way around the house and then back into my computer and it was the perfect length. If I just connected it from the monitor to my pc then I would have a whole lot of excess cable by my feet.
what PSU do you have? &amp; don't tell warranty company it caught on fire where it connects to the PSU
fuck
you dont need ram if you have enough vram
/s.
Yo i literally stayed up that whole night playing video games, and got finished early and napped through half the test and i still got a 4
that’s how you end vram yes
We made out at the pool party (there was alcohol) but we didn't have sex (bc there was alcohol and lack of a place). She lives only 2 minutes from me (goes to a different school though) so i picked her up and brought her back to my place earlier this night and had sex lol. Neither of us are looking for a serious relationship as we're moving away for college soon most likely, so we gonna fwb for a while.
Update here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/ACT/comments/bymo1p/i\_met\_someone\_in\_the\_act\_checkin\_line\_who\_said/eqz5nox?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/ACT/comments/bymo1p/i_met_someone_in_the_act_checkin_line_who_said/eqz5nox?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)
It probably still is.
Right but they find it unattractive to hear about it.
did you just simplify
No actually, the Hydrogen sulfide which makes your fart stink is a gas and will form a bubble rather than dissipating into the water.
Right, but that (small amount) hydrogen sulfide which is dissolved will go into the water not into the bottle. Mean the HS^^- that makes it into the bottle is unaffected.
same stank
It should be able to be stored in a sealed vacuum though.
Or just wait til he is born and fart in his face then.
Did you actually drink the coffee?
&gt;For the love of god does anyone have for the love of ACT science pdf? well said
If you paid you paid. There will be no after fee. I was going to wait until after i got my scores back from the june test, but realized the deadline was yesterday now I have to pay the fee :/
It's because he's crouching. At close range with the awp, if you're crouching you can relatively consistently hit very close range no-scopes. You'll see he crouches both times.
Where is the setting to have the enemy name pop up? This doesnt happen for me.
/r/totallynotrobots
Valve has also already stated they have data showing that increased participation in overwatch does not result in increased convictions.
it looks bad on college applications bc it’s a scam.
And to think i almost watched this without sound
But your bullets are still the same size. It makes no difference.
Oh, well the actual NHS gets you free college tuition lol
If you’re anxious about starting zoloft, you should probably be on zoloft haha. If your psych prescribed it then you will benefit from it (assuming it’s the right medicine for you). just take it, you’ll be fine. Worst case scenario... you stop taking it. There’s 0% chance of death or long term issues for starting zoloft
He was being sarcastic.
toot toot! TOOT TOOT TOOOOOOT
Except it’s not plausible at all, you are completely wrong and don’t understand how servers work. Perhaps he picked up the rifle, and the servers went down. But doesn’t mean him picking up the rifle caused the servers to go down.
Yeah i was just summing it up into fewer words bc that’s a lot to type. You’re still wrong.
~~No. If you get in and go to their 5 week thing you get free college tuition to almost any college in your state basically.~~ im so wrong. I'm thinking of governor scholars.
in that case you should do it for the free college tuition...
You’re supposed to wait 2 seconds before pulling off after a light turns green.
Shoooooooooooooooooooooooot im an idiot. I am thinking of governor scholars...
She’s not karen at all.
There wasn't much to it really. We went through a traditional interview, and at the end he said (dead ass serious too) "I have to ask, what is the meaning behind "Evo Sexy Beast". I replied "Oh, I uh made that username when i was 12 and it stuck." And he said "Okay." And then we concluded and shook hands and i walked out sweating with embarrassment...
Remindme! 2 days
The most likely reason is you messed up something on your answer sheet when you filled in your information.
As a chem student I read this as "un - ionization" and was really confused.
YWBTA if you added your SD name to the list.
half your monthly income
You can use the stick.
It's not luck my dude
Probably.
zoloft hasn’t turned me “numb” or anything, but i’m taking it for anxiety. I know everyone is different, but i believe most people with mood disorders feel “numb” because they don’t feel the extreme moods they used to feel before, so them feeling like most other people do they consider “numb”.
Yes, definitely INFO on this one.
Yeah, anxiety and depression often come together. I don’t have depression, only anxiety. Thus my mood hasn’t changed. If anything i’m happier because my anxiety is improving.
I used to get in trouble for cussing by typing “hell” when i was really just saying “he’ll” without the apostrophe.
It's clearly real, you don't understand physics. He is applying counter torque with his other hand to keep the other side of the bar in the air while he wipes the sweat out of his eye. The last thing you want to happen is be blinded by sweat while lifting such heavy weights.
It's taken from professional games.
It still costs money through opportunity cost.
They’ve done the second option before. It ends up being multiple of the same clips on the front page.
It isn’t easy to mess with upvotes. By purchasing an ad, you can target at specific audiences and an algorithm does it for you. Large companies like Microsoft do not do guerrilla advertising. Small businesses however occasionally do find some success on reddit but it is very rare.
Except for merit based scholarships.
Yes it does. Usually for full rides you have to apply and a minimum of 33 is usually required. It’s why i’m going for a 36 to maximize my chances. I currently also have a 32
That was me lol, i still have until dec 1st to get it up
Wow! This game is absolutely amazing! I will bring it with me to play every where i go! 5 out of 5 stars! I recommend you buy! wow! amazing game! woah dude! Awesome! :)
Relevant username? ...irony?
It doesn't do much but it confuses the hell out of t's lol
I never said it was useless
You got to have sv_cheats 1 enabled and use a PS4 controller then press down the touch pad after you throw the smoke
On new cache i’ll see if i can find a similar smoke. I’m excited.
Assuming you have a teammate willing to put in the time it takes to learn this smoke lol
what do you use to play CS then?
Is english your first language? edit: i was joking
What’s rule 2.3?
I love this
/r/billwurtz
Sal has same shoulders &amp; glasses, and joe has same hairline. Otherwise yeah joe’s is definitely the least. That dude doesn’t even have a double chin
It’s probably in a college city.
And remove any dissenting opinions that go against what they deem “anti-trump”. And considering the man himself encourages sexual assault against women, it’s not hard to imagine how that gets out of hand. Also, if you go into the subreddit and post a comment that’s pro-hillary or something it’ll be removed and you’ll be banned within an hour. Amazing how they can remove all the dissenting views but not the hate speech.
Full video with enemy POV and audio [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPC9s7GuZ\_Y](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPC9s7GuZ_Y)
"uh oh" - poland
Hahaha "Nooo!"
The caster is stuttering so bad i can't understand
It's a GIF
yeah i don’t buy skins. I would change it for reddit but this was recorded with what i see on my screen using geforce experience. I could live without skins, i don’t like them particularly.
YTA Going against the grain on this one. A lot of /r/childfree in here You’re new to the job, and you’re getting passed on the extra work because you’re new and don’t have kids to take care of. You’re supposed to be there for your coworkers, and taking this extra work would be helping them out and you can expect help in the future should you come across a reason to need it. Your boss saying because you don’t have kids is probably another way of justifying who gets this extra work nobody wants. Now, the biggest point here though, is that you were okay with the fact that you were doing the out of town stuff at first, but then became not okay with it when you came to believe kids were why you were doing the extra work. This shows that the reason for you not wanting to do the work is largely because of your distaste for kids. Which makes YTA. Albeit just a slight A, but the A in this situation.
Fair enough, let's ask him. /u/sassyramennoodles What are your thoughts on children?
For me it’s showering and being healthy. Like if all i do is play cs for 2 - 3 days in a row and i haven’t slept right or eaten well or showered then i suck. I fix this by getting off cs for a while.
B is hard to take as a T too though so it evens out. No ct watches b site from car so the spammable wall will ruin the risk reward of the site, as it doesn’t help T’s take it. Hard to take, but hard to retake.
bruh did you just @ me
bruh what skin is that my p250 doesn’t do that
and people make fun of my quake view model smh
While i agree, you shouldn’t not want to do a job *just* because your co workers could do it if they didn’t have kids. Which it seems is like what OP was doing, as he was okay with doing the work until he realized other ppl couldn’t do it bc of their kids.
Well that’s how OP took it. It does not mean that’s what OP’s boss meant. You have to go into reading these posts outside of OPs perspective. The OPs (not specifically this OP) want to believe they’re NTA and word (knowingly or not) their post with a bias toward NTA.
Right, personally i would say INFO. But everyone here so far as said NTA so i decided to go out on a limb and say YTA, to point out that all these NTA may not be “correct”.
It's weird how even if you try different headphones to listen to the video, you still notice the change in sound quality. So weird, so clearly a software issue. However, I notice when i have surround sound disabled in the logitech software, my headset still has surround sound! in fact it has better surround sound than when it is enabled. wth?
Ugh i hate when that happens.
what is that in freedom units?
Not really. Drink when you're thirsty, and you'll be alright. Try your best to stay away from sugary drinks. Decades of marketing and spreading misinformation by beverage companies is what leads people to believe this. The scientific community disagrees that you need to drink as much as most people think they do.
:( Unacceptable for a $150 headset i just bought. But in stereo mode, i still have surround sound. (and seems to work better than when surround sound is on). Am i not understanding what stereo means?
Yeah, and the death itself was on the faulty prison system.
Report botting doesn’t work anymore.
It quit working way before then too.
Fastest ace should probably be measured from first to last kill
me &amp;#x200B; \-Source: him
Why not hang by the strap? edit: I mean turning it around and hanging it by the hard forehead strap
You could also just turn it around and hang it by the forehead piece.
No i mean the forehead strap i guess it’s a plastic band or something idk what it’s called
Sounds more like your anxiety than zoloft withdrawals. Tell your doctor.
still before WWII
It seems cool in a photo but if you’re actually driving that thing around it’s going to look tacky... Thing google glass.
Yeah in a photo it can be cool and all but imagine driving this to work and hopping out in khakis... super tacky and cringe
bruh /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
it gets more and more gay the longer you watch
I mean maybe not at absolute max settings, but it would require less than that to run.
It's not compatible with hidebarX
&gt;provides them the same amount of air time. This is against the first amendment, so good luck with that.
Maybe we shouldn't use trump as a level of standard for other country's politics? Saying "at least he's better than Trump" is like eating cat shit and then saying "well at least it's better than eating dog shit."
I see your point regarding how it is not a first amendment right issue, I was wrong in that regard. &gt;If a candidate wants to pay out of pocket and secure some other platform outside of that, that is their choice and first amendment right, the same right we all have. But would this provide an even further advantage to the billionaires running for office?
The thought of a same sex couple didn't even cross my mind, it's the idea of how one guy's two exe wives married each other lol. Love triangle.
Why don't you just ⛏️🚂🏭 ⛏️🚂🏭 ⛏️🚂🏭 ?
To be fair, it conveyed the same if not more relevant information as the person they replied to.
CS:GO: He used bhop commands in a private server, likely to practice strafing which is important in bhopping. Pros do this all the time to focus on their strafes. DayZ: His DayZ videos are scripted, and especially in his later videos most of it was filmed on a private server of his own. (In his last few arma 3 videos, they all were). In Arma 2, he obviously had moderator tools as it was on his server. He used these tools to set up scenes and scripted segments of the video. The "flashing yellow temperature icon" scandal is because cheats and moderator tools are often copy pasted. but the cheats with added measures to keep it undetected. So the cheat other cheaters used and the moderator tool frankie used was probably almost the same thing. The only thing that makes a cheat different from a moderator tool, is that you can use it on servers which are not your own. Anyone who is a Frankie fan knows his videos are scripted. Now, Frankie was horrible with the PR. He responded lately, and still never has said that his videos are scripted. He wanted to hide the fact his videos were scripted so he didn't admit to it to explain why it appears that he is hacking under close analysis. 1
Is there seriously a peyton manning dick pic floating around? lol
Lol, i’m still in high school self-studying for the AP Calculus based physics exam. Thank you!!
yes
Speak too soon?
Yes there is quite a bit of drag, but not as much as appears. The plain merely skids over top of the water, and flaps open up to let in a fair bit of water, but just enough to not cause an incredible amount of jarring that could result in mechanical failure or a nosedive.
The parallax view app also drains battery sooo
I know, i was just joking lol
Is it to late to register in ky? i turned 18 in november and registered in october but got denied.
Sounds like a good societal and economic system.
Gotta make that argument in court tho. “my speedometer said 35, prove the accuracy to be within 3 mph”
full video https://vm.tiktok.com/XF1bsq/
Found!
good luck charlie ... OOF
Theoretically, yes. but maintaining the certification is something many police departments fail at. especially the ones built into the cars from my experience.
do you not have any ppl you talk to or sit near in class? i make most of my friends by asking them if they got any plans with their group that i can come too. If you’re a freshman, most other freshman are in the exact same boat and are always stoked when someone wants to be their friend lol
Works for me iPhone X 12.4, which is A11 I just wish it also worked with HideBarX
Pretty sure it only works on A11 and below for iOS 12
I would like for it to be to the side of the home bar, and if slide by with a transparent background like what happens at the bottom of news broadcasts. And also it’d be cool if it worked with hidebarX
I had similar helicopter parents. No closed/locked doors, etc.. I started to just watch porn with the door open. when they caught me i told them my door was open so i wasn’t breaking any rules. then they took my ipad and computer from me. So then i just started getting naked and masturbating with the door open and when they caught me they just yelled and grounded me more. But then i got grounded FROM my room bc they didn’t know what else to ground me from. so i just started refusing to put clothes on and masturbated on the floor leaving it there. My dad didn’t want to spank me while i was naked. (when he did i moaned). So eventually they ungrounded me under the pretense that i get to close my door but no tablet or computer back still. I wasn’t allowed to go to friends houses if there was a girl there (even a sister) or go anywhere i could “get a girl pregnant”. So i started talking about how i ate a girl out in the bathroom at school and told my parents about all these sexual things (that i didn’t do, but they didn’t know) and eventually i was allowed to go to places like that bc they felt they couldn’t stop me from doing it anyway. Eventually i wanted my tablet and computer and phone back so i started breaking an item in the house every 10 minutes and told them i wouldn’t stop until they gave me my stuff back. They tied me down but i would eventually get free or be they let me go to go to school. At school i showed the counselor the rope burn marks on my wrists and my parents got in trouble with the CPS. They tried to keep me grounded even further after that bc they were mad, but i resumed breaking something every 10 minutes. Eventually they gave me leniency after vowing i’m out of the house when i hit 18. But that was okay i just lived with a friend for a few months until i went off to college. Still no contact.
CEO of [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1D\_mcfcIIWbhyzChf9Z64tE-gIHujtxSv?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1D_mcfcIIWbhyzChf9Z64tE-gIHujtxSv?usp=sharing) &amp;#x200B; Edit: fixed link
i thought it was public, ill look into it in an hour
Smarter every day has a recent video on snatch blocks* Sorry i meant snatch block😬
Thank you, i tried googling but i googled hatch block 😬😂
I can buy something like this to open the door? where?
Alright, I changed the link. use this one instead [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1D\_mcfcIIWbhyzChf9Z64tE-gIHujtxSv?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1D_mcfcIIWbhyzChf9Z64tE-gIHujtxSv?usp=sharing)
&gt;downing of Iran Air Flight 655 on January Ambiguous preposition, makes it sound like the US downed flight 655 on Jan 6th
&gt;why would they bomb a titty bar? you misspelled US embassy
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/emygse/natural_selection/fdsm8ao?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnO-MflYxCw)
&gt; I took Fire Science classes at my local community college. &gt; you have to have your fire on ROCKS
**You have been banned from Australia.**
MY PHONE IS SET TO AUTOMATIC CAPS LOCK. BUT YEAH IDK WHY IT'S SUCH A BIG DEAL LOL
If you check the original video, the darkness that looks like blood on the tip of the horn is there before piggy goes home [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iw-DoN5VBUs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iw-DoN5VBUs) Judging by the height of which the warthog flies and how it doesn't get caught on the horn, I would have to go with scooped with a diagonal cut rather than a perpendicular impale.
They aren't actually speaking. They're just mimicking the sounds and repeat behaviors that leads to them getting a treat. The bird has no emotional connection to the owners.
The stores merely detain and collect evidence, all the due process is handled in court which has nothing to do with the stores. &gt;the big stores have some practices that are a bit eyebrow raising in terms of due process This sentence is the most ignorant thing I've read all day. The big stores don't really care...
Due process is fair treatment through the judicial system, big stores are not part of the judicial system lmao. All they do is notify police and occasionally detain.
No. Just a little creativity.
I’m only paying $6,000/yr, but i’m living at home with no fafsa money and a half scholarship (provost)
orientation was free for me but no adult
If you want to go to college to have fun learning about a topic, major in history. But, want a decent paying job you’re able to get with your degree?
They’ve voted for Mcconnell forever and trump?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_presidential_election_in_Kentucky significant trump victory https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_Senate_election_in_Kentucky Rand paul twice https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_United_States_Senate_election_in_Kentucky Mitch McConnell winning fayette county. i’m fairly liberal too, but fayette county is not.
And here's a more useful reply to someone who links a 17 minute video to back 1 claim which takes up 1 minute of the video [https://youtu.be/iuHlWe\_aydE?t=312](https://youtu.be/iuHlWe_aydE?t=312)
Pirating is illegal. Do NOT pm me to find a list of pirated textbooks for all UK majors.
It’s because they’re only 1 pixel thick. Depending on the res and pixel density of the screen you’re viewing it on decides the effect. Your screen can’t decide which color for that line of pixels to show, so it does both.
I mean i don’t want to sound /r/iamverysmart but the first time i just kinda screwed everything in to where it looked like it fits. and then plugged stuff in whenever it fit and it just kinda turned out okay. The only guide or manual i looked at was one that came with the case that tells you where to put the 3 1 pin connectors for the power button/lights.
Does anyone know why taking the r value and square it gives the percent relation for x and y?
They are brainless dimwits used for food... They just don’t know any thing other than to *just keep swimming.*
&gt;Why wouldn't they just bring it to the industry consortium responsible for managing and updating the regulation? Because one of the biggest problems with democracy, is that it's slow.
They tried this same thing with Micro USB, but by the time the law was ready to be enforced it was already outdated.
Ports take up space. One of the hardest things in smart phones is getting the features small enough to fit in the phone. Having redundant features such as two charging methods doesn't allow for as much space for other things. If/when wireless charging becomes long distance or faster, there isn't much of a reason to have an external port where other things can then be fit into.
did you get it?
This application of it is actually quite unlikely in our lifetime. Getting such a high resolution into something as small as the front of your eyes is quite a ways away from being possible.
Projecting it is the bigger monster than both of those... Unless you're talking about VR.
Looks like OP is probably from [Rhode Island](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7u51vm/lawyer_says_nonconsecutive_time_wouldnt_count/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
then if they just refused to go to the back court?
irrational\*
appreciating
3/5 sounds more like it
So like 120 people died from a virus in china with billions of people. Meanwhile malaria kills over 1,000,000 per YEAR and everyone just kinda ignores it.
1,000,000 die from malaria every year
&gt;As a Texan, Okay but like, why?
He was a Lawyer. He has since given up being a lawyer and is moving to YouTube full time. He has a registered company in UK, videos completed, and everything. It's a matter of when not if.
We have 2 balers, one for plastic one for cardboard.
I don't break down the cardboard either. If I do, I just set it on the ground and walk on it, then push it in. If I can get all my cardboard load into the baler and press the button then I don't need to do that, though.
Also, claim unemployment when you do your quarantine. That's what the CARES act is for.
I was told this by a CSM but perhaps you're right and it's just a myth.
they coulda jail broke before it got locked
¿ǝƃɐɯᴉ sᴉɥʇ uᴉ ƃuoɹʍ ƃuᴉɥʇʎuɐ ǝǝs ʇ,uop I 'ǝɹǝɥ ǝᴉssn∀
As someone who has never done drugs &gt;Think of that little voice that vocalizes or writes down your thoughts as you think them. That little guy changes a bit, This helps me understand just a little bit more.
ooh do I get to see what my face looks like from other people's point of view? I don't understand what you mean by me "Seeing" these things
Could you link what video conference you are talking about?
fixed
i plugged in 2 of the 3. One says “F_Panel” and that’s plugged in. the connector in the picture, i can’t find anywhere on the motherboard at all.
thanks. then do you have any idea why my pc isn’t posting? The LED lights are on and they’re plugged into a usb port on the motherboard.
https://imgur.com/gallery/5IxzU6X
i know what you’re talking about but i don’t have any of those cords. like those 1 pin things that plug in a certain order. https://imgur.com/gallery/5IxzU6X there’s the front panel section of my pc
i did https://imgur.com/gallery/5IxzU6X and i connected them all in every possible place they can go
B450 Tomahawk Max
https://imgur.com/gallery/aRgJTgc I don’t have those above connectors. the only front panel connectors that come from the top front of my pc are these.
https://www.nzxt.com/products/h510-matte-white There is my case. https://imgur.com/gallery/lIRAlRI there is a picture of the cords that are coming from underneath my power button.
https://imgur.com/gallery/lIRAlRI there is a picture of underneath my power button. i follow all those cords and don’t see them
There is no manual. But i found a breaker cable. and i inserted it following proper documentation for the motherboard into JFP1, i still get nothing. There is still no reset switch in the breaker adapter
There is no manual. But i found a breaker cable. and i inserted it following proper documentation for the motherboard into JFP1, i still get nothing. There is still no reset switch in the breaker adapter
There is no manual. But i found a breaker cable. it was in a small bag in a separate box and i inserted it following proper documentation for the motherboard into JFP1, i still get nothing. There is still no reset switch in the breaker adapter
i did that since the beginning but it didn’t work.
Tapping the positive and negative power switch with a screw driver also doesn’t do anything.
NZXT H510
Yeah it didn't work. I took it to a repair guy in my city to let him try and figure it out. I tried for hours and couldn't figure it out.
I bought it from newegg. it’s possible my little brother threw it out when he threw the boxes away though.
so what ur saying is i need to develop clothes that are transparent to IR and trick girls into wearing them then use this tweak OP requested to see it
No. /u/iM4CH3T3's advice of only keeping the last backup before jailbreaking was not sound advice. Not everything on your phone is stored in your iCloud backup, and not anything that would cause problems with your phone from jailbreaking is stored.
Can you explain to me why the LED lights come on when I don't even power the motherboard un via jumpstarting it or pressing the power button? The LED lights are plugged into the USB port on the motherboard.
&gt;Never trust water in the wild unless someone else that knows the area has vouched for it. Interesting way to say &gt;Never drink the water of an unknown source unless somebody else does it first.
Oasis are filled by underground aquifers. If it wasn't then the water would evaporate away far before sand would fill in the hole.
I agree with what you're saying. However, those circumstances could change through a global depression, natural disaster, global warming, and maybe even a global pandemic.
Do you have records where you can calculate how many sales you made with the price of the item so you can calculate how much 7% commission really is? Our advice here is completely contingent on the fact that you will be making way less money with the commission. Obviously, commission is not the best source of income as it is very uncertain, but it may be better than unemployment at the moment due to the fact you know you will have a job after the 6 months is up. Also, you can (and should) still look for jobs if you get your "old job" back. Interestingly this post just gave me an idea for creating a commission simulator where it can take inputs of sales numbers, uncertainty factors, commission percentage, seasonal influx, and base salary all to estimate earnings from a commissioned job offer. After a quick google search, I was unable to find something like this.
&gt;And yes a random apocalypse could always happen! but such a line could render any and all arguments meaningless anyway! Sure but global warming is an imminent apocalypse coming that could result in an outbreak of wars in our children's lifetime. Also, rogue biotechnology by terrorist organizations is very possible as well. I'm just saying that WW3 isn't impossible. It's virtually impossible under today's circumstances, but thee circumstances can and are expected to change.
how come the water and ice droplets don't fall?
it turned out to be a defective power supply. thanks for the help.
&gt;why do people register to a party if it stops you from voting for certain things? Because it doesn't stop you from voting for certain things.
&gt;unite the African American block as well as the applachian rural block ??? Have you ever been to Appalachia?
But you would still your candidate to not be on the ballot if it meant splitting the votes against 2 candidates and ensuring Trump winning. Biden said it best himself, it’s better to get shot in the leg than in the heart.
Cruel and unusual punishment still applies though. Labor for a ticket is unconstitutional.
Would he still be protected by D.C. eviction laws?
what happens if i dump oleic acid onto a few ants that were alive
Why is the guy in the background putting a sash around the girl?
Yes. Most of them are regular people just like you and me. The Order Police from WWII in Germany were made of men taken from regular households from regular civilian backgrounds, and they killed just because they were told to.
Thank you so much! So basically I had it all the way up to the 0.27605704, I just messed up in my units and thought that was radians when instead it is revolutions. By converting that to a fraction of 360 you got it into a measure of theta in which the coordinate can be found by taking the r\*cos(theta) for x, and r\*sin(theta) for y. As long as I find the angle in either radians or degrees, I can still find the answer.
