Well, there's yer problem!!
Which one?
[What about in 2) here](https://www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/comments/a6qebq/tip_dont_stare_at_your_phone_on_a_date/ebx551x/)
You should probably read that again
He got two in a row!
Isn't that a superiority complex?
Logged him out of what account though?
I wore a tie every day for school and even now a few years after leaving I still catch myself holding my arm across my chest when I lean forward over something
Looks like it's a reference to Ghost in the Shell
Digital gardeners?
Wow, with a name like that, that guy was destined to become a landlord
No, but honestly it's implied, given the percentage of content that is OC
Good luck explaining why the seal is broken if you didn't drink any
Aww, I miss my puffles
Lezalit would beat the crap out of you for messing up his name that badly
I didn't say I wanted Cheese World!!
The charm of /r/me_irl is that it's more than the sum of its parts
I'll give my life if that's what's asked
&gt; Christmas poppers oh no
Maybe I'm just set in my ways but "drumstick" sounds a decidedly unappetising name for an ice cream
Easter?
Jesus man give him a chance
Looks like Japan's on its way out as well
It was just a prediction
Reddit's favourite part of a joke is when it gets pointed out
I don't like the metal grid, makes it look like there's scaffolding on it
You think that's bad, I though it was the queen at first
Why was it clever?
It's just "MI6" btw, no "the"
huh
Wait that's not how the song goes
Who's got the screwdriver?
Nah, it's all about the dinnerware for them
And the Star Trek one?
I agree but... What's physco-science?
There's probably 3 or 4 that I text "all day" with a few more I text a few times a week
?
Don't be silly, birds aren't real
Probably wouldn't have been a start at all otherwise
Why so many deaths under 1 year old??
Without an explicit multiplication symbol the parentheses are implied
[This should answer that](https://imgur.com/gallery/6VR7W)
Nothing you've said suggests he was ever a big texter in the first place
So the insult was meant to provoke rape?
I'm pretty sure the position shown is one of the comfortable ones physically. But not every cat likes being on their back
I think there's a prevailing view that lonely men are desperate to get laid and nothing else
What are the benefits?
I wish I was disappointed at the number of people not getting your sarcasm, but nothing surprises me anymore
This comment works on two levels
Is it?
An incorrect subreddit.
Same with thuh-row
Same with thuh-roh
Squirl
Bet your English teacher loved you
Why?
He has been on reddit for six years you know, I think he's aware
In my neck of the woods, a bop is a party
Really? You know the Waterman? Have you seen the 1909 Cahill Map it’s based— …You have a framed reproduction at home?! Whoa. …Listen, forget these questions. Are you doing anything tonight?
You said you asked her out twice already!
Does "do good to you" sound better? As in, the type of good that superheroes do
It isn't
I'm holding one in foil right now.... It's from a pack of double fingers
Everywhere's a shithole
It's why she called 911
How many guys do you know whose dicks are always visible through their clothes?
Card puns suit you
That's a nice basement!
Are you thinking of x-posts?
The pattern on the couch is like the background of some 3D modeling software
It's just local pieces, simply moved
Doesn't look like anything to me
It's tagbait that does the rounds on Facebook
&gt; Glasses. Your glasses shrink the profile of your eyes, and give your head an apparent peanut shape. Consider rounder frames. I would just suggest she wear contacts as often as possible. That's some crazy distortion
Whyyy I eyes ya
Thought these were ducks from the thumbnail
Kiki is the finger's name
First divorce, huh?
Why do you think it's that easy if you've been in a situation where it didn't work?
Could someone explain the joke please?
Of course you don't have to think every thought in words. You just can
Is 12:15am supposed to be late?
This. Why do people think introverts have to be quiet *all* the time?
The fuck is this place? Some sort of cowboy-themed clothing store?
How do you live in a DMV? Unless you're joking, and you mean you just work in one?
Ohhh! I've never heard that before, thanks
This sub is text post only, so you have to use an image host other than reddit, and then paste the link into a text post. Are you failing a captcha on imgur or something?
This is the best reply that comment could get
'Video Unavailable' by The Uploader Has Not Made This Video Available In Your Country? I love that song
Guess I'll have to watch it now
I thought it was a sex position
Possibly hurting someone? That flute is a spike
He's still asking isn't he
Why don't people just make up a word for walk when they're talking to their dog about it?
The same source should produce the same comment, unless the app is modifying what you type after you hit send
Someone who understands linguistics in a discussion about different pronunciations? I must be dreaming
But you didn't *mean* to do less harm
I've always wanted a cat that was mostly female
I just end up swallowing the water while the pill stays in my mouth
Or the sign and bollards are
I think that's what we call a cottage, lad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih4auGvzw4A
Cos a bunch of smart people are replying to him apprently under the impression he's saying the plane was hit during the retaliation
Really makes you think
I'm kind of struggling to figure out what the layout of a grocery store that has everything you need on the perimeter could be, or even why a "perimeter" would be a thing
I'm, what's your name?
Disrespectful?
&gt;sorries! Like a knife through the heart
https://youtu.be/LVYKwNQZCV8?t=101
/s/ requires your teeth to touch. When does it usually happen for you?
Aren't your other fingers supporting it?
Well, it does sound like something you'd say if something unfortunate happened
He's called Meme Man. Apparently it was an attempt at a model of a head that got posted on /3/ ages ago
But 2k19 isn't 200019
&gt;1. Become newly single. 2. Let minimum appropriate time pass until it is deemed socially acceptable to start dating post-break-up. 3. Excitement, install some apps. 4. **Realise you have options.** You've lost me
Maybe this is just me, but I think the only place you should kiss someone before the mouth is the cheek. Obviously what you wrote is great and hot, but for a first kiss?
I mean sometimes it's nice to combine a bunch of known constants together...
I think it's called a woman?
I saw the movie, but didn't recognise him. Oh well
In lots of places
Just so you know, in future you can just say "differ"
Now explain why this is posted on a cringe sub
I have no additional remarks
You go to primary school at age 5 (years 1-6), then secondary school at 11 (years 7-11), then sixth form at 16 (years 12-13). GCSEs are the most basic qualification, you take the exams at the end of secondary school and are important for getting into sixth form and university. A-levels are more advanced and are taken at the end of sixth form. They form the basis of your university applications
&gt; Chromebook cart Huh, I guess I am old
&gt; Some it will come quickly, some take time Could you put some numbers to that?
Perfectly acceptable in some friend groups. In fact I'm not sure I know why you were so shocked
Well, that turned dark quick
I understand
What?
Don't know where you're getting your words, but flautist is absolutely fine, or should I say, absolautely fine
Technically loads of flags aren't correct since there's a big variation in dimension ratios used
I don't think I could watch more than 30 seconds of this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEsCD_ntB68
99% of the stuff posted here is thoroughly unmotivating
What a joke! Can you imagine a bunch of thieves trying to form a guild?
Yeah, these days a lot of the "unexpected" reveals happen about a tenth into the video
They should turn the light on or go to sleep then
Yes I agree, just that that comment sounded like the option hadn't even been mentioned
Sounds like victim mentality
&gt; You definently dress like a uni. Student What does that menan?
And if they are?
More like coincidental
Most of my units are 100% final exam
Peak /r/engineeringstudents
Ah right. Well did either party specify which kind of rice?
We have two exams periods per year; one is in January (right now) and starts right after the Christmas holidays, the other starts a couple of weeks after we get back from Easter holidays (equivalent of spring break I guess). They're both two weeks long. So we get the holidays to study, and they're generally pretty good about not setting stuff to be handed in just before exams. &gt;How many classes are you taking at a time? I'm not sure I can answer this meaningfully to you, but this term we studied three different units of content, each with an exam, plus labs
Especially videos that don't take 10 minutes to deliver 2 minutes of content
I thought Drexel was a stationery manufacturer
I thought the 'rule' was supposed to help where the i and e make /i:/, which they don't in many of the examples shown there, like "being" and "glacier"
Only jumping spiders and tarantulas should exist
Glad I'm not the only one who feels this
Yes but here we're allowed to moan about them
Why? That is what they are called
Cyberbullied a dude who claimed repeatedly to have killed a bunch of kittens. And that was the mob's fault anyway, not the "responsible" smaller FB group
How is it pronounced in the show?
This constant meta post bickering is what always brings me back to this sub
What sort of stuff is in physics 2?
Couple bridges away but not too far at all
/r/ForeverAlone
No, down with the social network-isation!
Either point it into the wind, or don't use it in the wind
An insecure one I guess
I like how this reads as if they expect you to read a drivers licence from 20 metres away
A few years
I'd ask this on a more suitable sub like /r/AskReddit if I were you :)
RES allows you to open the contents of any post in-line with the list of posts, so you never go to a comments page
How about "give it too 'im"?
FWIW, I've certainly never seen stuff being sold for 1p before. I mean that is literally giving it awyay
We still have them in the Channel Islands
If you have one person standing next to another person, how many people do you have?
I thought everyone got this joke out of their system *before* university
Well, sometimes a neagtive time does have some physical significance. Usually it comes with a positive time too though
&gt;"Do girls from your state drive wearing only cutoffs and a sports bra?" &gt;"Hot" I'm still confused
Some girls are dreadful at flirting. Fortunately not all
That's... Could you, write a book or something? I want to see what else goes on inside that mind
To show she didn't mean offence I imagine
My god, your career fairs sound awesome
I think it's just really overshadowed by Airplane. Airplane always gets brought up instead of this, but I prefer Top Secret
?? When has Chad not been a compliment?
No, it's been banned by the government
Mm maybe not since RES doesn't work with the redesign. Maybe ask on /r/Enhancement
&gt;I notice one of the bigger offenders of this being the news articles I read in the BBC Have you got a link?
Because it's just called "pics". Too catch-all a name for place for pictures of 'high quality'
Aw, I'm bummed that that post got removed as it seemed to be bringing recognition to a movie that is definitely underrated. I imagine it got removed because it broke the rule on original content. But I was asking for an example of the other kind of post - an unfunny one that hasn't been removed
My point is that even posts we may find unfunny still make "an attempt at humour", which is how the rule is worded
This is the special epsiode to bridge between seasons
This girl isn't even white!
I don't think you've been getting daily doses. It's been private for a long while
Yeah I only needed 30 seconds
Hess called it
I don't see how that makes it a bad update. Like any update, it's a change that will take some time to get used to
I can put in a good word for you if you like?
I'm actually training for a Castle speedrun, so in a sense it's the end of the road ;D Still a long way to go otherwise though
Twice the schnoze, double the line
Well I would hope you can get hard without being stimulated at all
a/an depends on the sound, not the letter used
This comparison is the only thing a Hershey bar has ever been good for
Apex predator btw
Great, now I'm going to remember this comment forever
Which is funny because the rest of their streams is a flirt marathon
Bless you
You're right. He called Raid a newer mobile game and Clash of Clans &amp; Candy Crush boomer newer games
Millipedes: At least they aren't centipedes
What simping?
Finger goes straight to the L key
Just this one woman? Or have there been others?
You should be able to find the characters you need on a donger list website
Yeah, there's a bunch of websites that catalogue them. Look into kaomoji as well
If you were in space you'd be careful opening a hatch too
Oh right, I thought she was sticking to restaurant-related examples
Huh? I didn't see anything in chat that relates to current events
I'd call that road sign false advertising. When the museum isn't on fire, at least
I'm sorry, why is OP's friend cringe if that comment is cringe?
It's actually impossible for humans to tell children apart just by their face. It's usually done by sound and smell. The ^more ^^you ^^^know!
Eh at least tundra yields 1 food. Mountains are only useful if you're the Inca
Presumably OP is directing the facepalm at the people the tweet is satirising
&gt;gone full incel and started using towels wut
Hang on... Are we talking about the friend promoting the business?
Nerve status: touched
I dunno, they are pretty thin
I think the last good thing that came out of there was waterguy
It seems everyone got a little emotional over that thread
I hope you find a way to overcome those feelings!
&gt; But I have zero tolerance for hate. It's all very well for people to say that, but the problem is that everyone has their own idea of what constitutes "hate" and feel wholly justified in rejecting something because they consider it "hate"
Do you agree that pushing something out of your mind is not the same as not tolerating it?
Or people who would sooner put you in a box and insult you than respond constructively to your words
Are you willing to consider viewpoints that you call categorically wrong?
The internet makes it so easy to find a nice comfortable little echo chamber full of people who do nothing but tell you you're right :/
&gt; racism and homophobia and transphobia and things of those sorts are NOT opinions. it’s wrongfully directed hate. This itself is an opinion. There are positions which could be considered racist, homophobic or transphobic and are not simple hatred
https://www.reddit.com/r/starterpacks/comments/gvebt7/rstarterpacks_is_standing_with_the_us_protestors/
I'm concerned that a lot of people who do this think they are somehow helping to fight a cause, rather than simply doing it for their own personal benefit
Do you think the statement exhibits hate or ignorance?
Just so I can follow what you're saying properly, what are they ignorant of?
Makes a change from Hess carrying it amirite
I checked the sub and it seems like there's no crusade against him at all there at least
How do these two communicate
Society as a whole is obsessed with sex
I wouldn't say it's silent?
Ah, it's unfortunate you have that takeaway. Complete disregard for opposing viewpoints is never a healthy thing :(
And if a flat earther gives that response, he's automatically won the debate? I've never debated Trump, I don't know what it's like
As far as I'm aware there isn't a procedure by which someone can "get a vagina"
I'd like to think I haven't wasted my time trying to see your perspective, but if you aren't willing to give a critical response then we've reached a dead end
It's tough enough keeping up with the poltics of my own country! Would you rather that Trump wasn't included in these debates?
Now you're putting words in my mouth!
&gt;seagle
Q is generally pronounced as "k". Its name is pronounced like "cue"
That was quality
Okay, now watch [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYp0xAetaBo), [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJvept23aHc) and [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRPf-DFTll0). Now, do you pronounce the word *sad* as "essaydee"?
It's when you pour juices over meat while cooking it
How do you pronounce nasdaq? Burqa?
Love you too, cowboy
I love how he even started trash talking the hosts
What are you talking about?
I think you're making an assumption. To me it was a humorous observation that an amateur competition is being much more watched than a professional competition in the same sport
Under the shade of a coolibah tree?
And which one do you think it is?
You think it's still there?
&gt; Reddit recently allowed them to take over and close the sub dedicated to mocking them, /r/inceltears. Do you have a source?
Do you take issue with the original meme itself?
Thank you. So many people seem far too convinced that their views are objectively correct, now and forever more
Alright, thanks for answering. Upvoted &gt;I had generously assumed you had read those paragraphs you mentioned. And I don't think you did, considering you didn't know I existed before I made that comment just now
Thank you, I'll check it out when I can
Absence of men
You'll probably have to offer something special
I swear there was a guy who used to do this when tagged
You mean a drawing of a person with bullet wounds? Or holes through them? Or what
&gt;It's not like we ever go back in the future and watch those videos. Do you think this applies to everyone?
You could do something with that. Or a stream where you paint miniatures (again, if you're good). Generally you need a following before you can do things like play games badly
Exactly
When would they have time to sleep with all the shit going down?
I love how much they lean into the twitch meta
Shit, even I own Minecraft
Have you also had recommendations that you haven't liked so much, or that haven't been related to names of bloggers you know?
And don't you think that if Google was reading your mind, it would make all your recommendations stuff that you wanted to watch?
Not really, which makes it a bit tricky whenever I'm trying to find a particular moment. On the other hand all the audio files have timestamps in the name so it's not too bad
Why is that yikes?
Glad I saw this comment
What I'm saying is that you only notice the coincidences like this, and not all the not-coincidences. Google probably does have a good idea of what you like, and if a video is popular and aligns with your interests it's likely you'll love it too. The ninja thing is a big coincidence, but that's exactly why you noticed it
&gt;stop trying to police what other communities can and cannot do. &gt;Just don’t fucking say it. Is it really that hard? -- /u/musclebaloo
Why not ask the vet to have a go on you?
Not mice at all
There's actually a legal loophole where you don't have to pay for the work if they accept the tea. That's why they didn't
sons
Not my Dennis the Menace
Somehow manages to offend everyone on screen in 5 seconds LUL
There's plenty of banterous commentary. I think they have a good balance
I want to see him play Ludwig just for the interview
nice
Usually you can tell by context. I had a look at the example that prompted your question and it seems you could tell the context there
Exactly
I think OP is referring to the act of visualising possible lines
OHHHHHHHHHHHHH Thank you
Hopefully
I thought you were joking. This is something out of a movie
Her chat is very well trained. Emote spam better choreographed than a Broadway musical
That was cute widepeepoHappy
And then feigned surprise when he got back so chat didn't feel inadequate
My god, I'm watching it now and I can't believe Hans isn't doing everything deliberately
So he should find a therapist that strengthens his self-hate again so the first therapist is safe
What would accents add anyway?
The rare double suicide by words
It's fun to join in the spam
[He never had a chance](https://www.twitch.tv/tyongeee/clip/FragileSlickSageMingLee)
Lol whoops Fixed it now
Damn, it's never even occured to me that miffed and chuffed would be a confusing pair
And his rant after when he exposed Alex
He stole the show today for sure
Sounds like an upgrade to me. One of the reasons I've avoided new reddit so far is that I don't like having all the posts shoved in my face
I guess thy're not very important for facial expressions
This is totally a question for this sub, he's asking about the correct usage of a phrase
Doesn't this already happen in dreams and hallucinations?
Plus paper is soft
Seems the least you could do is answer the question for the guy ;)
I'm the same way. Could be a form of synesthesia but I'm not sure
&gt; I'll have to test it out when she get a boyfriend. monkaW
He's still fucking going as well. Poor Hess
[He looks like Deus Ex Machina from Mirai Nikki](https://www.anime-planet.com/images/characters/deus-ex-machina-18688.jpg?t=1546426896)
&gt;heat needs to leave your body for a cold place how long would that take? Lomger than you might think, as the heat all has to leave via radiation, which is much less efficient than the convection you're used to
I imagine your cat is noticing your change in body language and is distracted from what she was doing. And it's possible she can hear your earphones of course
I think it's called being sensible
Well what's the unit code?
You can say Lena Horne was to a smaller extent
Ah I see. It doesn't look like you have to memorise the code. If you understand the code you write in preparation, you should have no problem reproducing it in the exam
Did you mean to reply to me?
Sure, it has a negative connotation if you start suggesting it has a negative connotation
Happy birthday!
Is protecting someone who violated a NAP itself a violation of a NAP?
Oh shit you can? I'll have to give that a look
Has Bezos *tried* paying people in upvotes?
&gt; botez crushing on hasan I mean, this sort of thing is bread and butter shit for LSF
THANK YOU, no wonder the guy's life is a disaster
You've done the same here, just without the last line
Would God rather we didn't sin?
So it's more important that we have free will than that sins aren't committed?
I guess my next question would be "why?", but I understand if that's too complicated to get into for a reddit thread
Didn't have to use the monkey bars either
I was asking if you did
Considering that on your other posts you say you're a 17 year old boy, and 20 minutes before posting this you asked someone else the same question, yes I do haha
For what it's worth you do make a cute girl lol
A helping verb?
Someone else posted the IPA but you're basically saying it ra-oot
I've had the same thing for ages
Perfect analogy. Thank you for being a critical thinker.
Ah I see how you meant it
Too lewd
We bought a load of mouse shaped toys for my cat when we got her, turns out she would rather just chase conkers around instead
The double-take lul
What I wonder about Mario speedrunners is how they're able to endure hearing those sound effects for hours on end each day
I take it you're not suggesting that the comments be replaced by a poll
You know that those often come hand in hand
They were all really close. Shame about the chess.com DDOS
It's certainly easier to visualise fewer dimensions than more dimensions
I guess you're not used to it? I have trouble sleeping with either
Well, not for lack of trying
Install? *Install*? Are you calling me a phoneposter?
Why watch porn with men at all? I'm a straight man and the last thing I want to see when I'm turned on is some guy swinging his dick around
Weebs and Botez simps combined... I foresee an empire that will last a thousand years
Based ISO 8601
There was a US version? Wonder how that went down
There's still a difference between tagging something as manipulated and tagging it as manipulative. The former is a matter of fact about the media, whereas the second is conjecture about the intentions of the poster. Yes, Trump probably did intend to manipulate viewers of the post. But it is conjecture.
First microwaves, now the sea. Is no phone safe on Twitch?
Is the NAP between individuals or more of a community-wide thing?
Do people get to choose to extend their life or does the government do it for them?
The notion that this is any better or worse because it's pride month makes no sense
[Or a model aeroplane of water](https://youtu.be/usrl2FUWhEE?t=170)
Could I press you on what that degree should be? For example if Adam pisses off Bertie and Bertie shoots him dead, Adam can't do much in retaliation. He can't kill Bertie back, but could his friend avenge his death instead?
The free market wins again
How did they pick up the habit?
Ancaps assemble
I think a lot of people would consider that very deniable logic
Yeah, it's a bit like Roko's Basilisk
&gt;whole reason to use twitch, being interactive with the streamer That's not "the whole reason to use twitch", not for everyone
Why is it comparable to con artists? Giving people your bathwater when they pay for your bathwater isn't a con
Stopify.co is just a website, but what I'm guessing he sent you was a shortened URL. If you click on it, it will reveal information to him such as your IP address
How do we know when it's been reclaimed? Once it has been reclaimed, will everyone be allowed to use it?
Would you say that the word is a slur, or that the word when used in a certain way is a slur?
Do you think that black people can use it in an offensive of derogatory way?
Alright, thank you for the answers
No, this is the XDD. Completely different model
Imagin calling a queue a line
How do jump shots and hip firing an awp work?
You can buy single rolls of toilet paper in Korea?
I wonder if I could get your thoughts on this. I recently watched an interview with Milton Friedman where he argued that state bodies which regulate product safety are unnecessary, as manufacturers already have incentive to provide safe products: customers want safe products. If a manufacturer realises it can save money by skimping on safety features, it can offer the product at a lower price, appealing to a section of the market (the poors). Now the most affordable option on the market has no safety features, as opposed to the case where a regulatory body ensures that the most affordable option *does* have safety features. Is this beneficial?
[Gonna have to drop this in here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65oS6BYEfr0)
Does it cost them money to adhere to those private regulations?
There must be stuff that uses the trope
Unfortunately I didn't have a tab open playing any of this stream so I missed this part as well
"Why do you suppose I just hurled a rook at your head, Niemann?" "I- I don't know" "Sure you do" "The lost tempo?" "Were you flagging or were you losing?" "I don't know." "Start reciting moves." "Knight to queen's knight 2-" "In *algebraic* chess notation dammit! Look at me!" "Knight b2" *slap* "Bishop a6" *slap* "Rook takes c8" *slap* "Now, was I flagging or was I losing?" "I don't know" "Recite again" "Knight b2" *slap* "Bishop a6" *slap* "Rook takes c8" *slap* "*Flagging or losing*?" "Flagging" "So you DO know the difference!"
I don't know if I'm just biased but the American newsreaders still sound way more grating to me. I'm not sure why. Maybe it's cos they so often seem to shout at the camera as well as doing the intonation
Why wouldn't you want to look happy on a campaign poster?
[Is the US head of state in particular danger when he's being transported somewhere?](https://www.a1-windscreens.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/presidential-motorcades.jpg)
["I tried to warn you noobs, but I see you're actually fools. Or else you thought this was an instruction manual"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o66FUc61MvU)
No, not the best location
What are you talking about? Racism, sexism.... You're the first one to bring that up
&gt; pictures of cat girls reading the communist manifesto on onlyfans.com Got a... Got a link?
Seems like you could basically make it in real life if each of the moving emitters gave off a trail of smoke blown away in a straight line and illuminated from above Also TIL a new word
I'm not bi but I imagine it's possible to be attracted to someone who is either "completely" male *or* female, and not someone who has characteristics of both
Whatever you do, don't watch Threads
Less than a month, you say?
Emoji are still characters though, as distinct from forum smileys
We didn't write anything before the internet and texting?
You can see who the mods are in the sidebar if that's what you mean?
Just so you know, this is a pallas cat. It's not domestic
So... no
Ah, I see what you're saying
Based
Finally, someone who tells it like it is
It's probably harder to react when you're the guy who caused it. You need to get over the "Oh shit, did *I* do that?"
I fear that many people *think* they want an unbiased news source, but when push comes to shove they'd rather stick with one that tells them what they want to hear
Well, images made with a keyboard. They're still typable characters
I love this
Could you give us a screenshot of what you see?
What about this says to you "normie trash"?
What's your reasoning for that?
Is it singleplayer?
How does the multiplayer manifest in terms of communities, fighting, economy for instance?
I see, thanks for the explanantion
&gt; My cousin’s girlfriend wears berets with pins on them and shit I can't tell whether that's supposed to be [this](https://cdna.lystit.com/photos/burberry/eaf3abf7/burberry-ANTIQUE-YELLOW-Pin-Detail-Vintage-Check-Wool-Beret.jpeg) or [this](https://66.media.tumblr.com/92a230ad64a89ea3bd22f8b2f4ef2422/tumblr_inline_p9ewn53dox1safd2x_640.jpg)
&gt; Divine law https://i.imgflip.com/3rsqlu.png
Yes, he seems to repeatedly state that he's carrying out the wishes of the client after much discussion of what they want
The murder of a foetus is a pretty special case
OHmygah
[Pitched down guinea pig](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQcvlyjcaPM)
Says who?
It didn't use to be this way :(
Despite the name this sub isn't just for fails. It's a general livestream clip sub
Is that what a single downvoted comment says to you?
It's probably because they don't want to mind their own business and let people murder people
It's so frickin annoying
I hope this brings back the [proofster meme](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/099/682/e8e.png)
Worry about it more Worry about it more RIGHT NOW
[Expert Wasted Entire Life Studying Anteaters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXD9HnrNrvk)
Yes, but you understand why it's useful?
Try not to view it as elitist or exclusive. These tricky rules exist because they have to, otherwise a sub would get filled up with undesirable posts and lose its appeal and usefulness - to veteran users and newcomers alike. There are subs which will give you free karma if you need it
Late still means later, doesn't matter which way the numbers are going
To differentiate it from the first one I imagine
Well shit, I've said desu loads of times and never knew this
It is a conversion: cat years to human years. A year in this sense is a measure of the progression through a lifetime, not a measure of time itself
&gt; They all seem like annoying attention seekers and the chats seem like a bunch of immature middle schoolers. https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/031/015/EA42mJJXYAEzxWF_(2).jpg
[Well apparently Twitch is going to start issuing bans which are permanent rather than indefinite.](https://twitter.com/Slasher/status/1275974442238324737?s=20) So I'm not sure that it is tomato tomato anymore
&gt;whether or not Twitch ever removes the ban. Which only time will truly tell I think there's also a difference between "we will unban this person, we're just not sure when" and "we have no intention ever to unban this person". I think it's a useful distinction, but I get that the community doesn't
[A pre-coital agreement?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxFU_fIUawM)
Chad is an attractive likeable person, I don't see how that's insulting
I do, if there's paper. Don't see why not
Why do you think that not using a particular application of nuclear energy means it would have been replaced by a different application? What does it have to do with "more efficient energy" and widespread space travel?
It's a little known fact that Greek temples have survived thousands of years because they were constructed from deltas
Morbid curisosity does not mean someone is sick. This seems like a total overreaction
My island does this
I guessing you don't rhyme Sawyer wih lawyer then?
Dang
It looks like that study was concerning emoji use in text messages. I'm sure lots of people who resist emoji use on reddit have no issue with using thiem in texts
https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/hfxb70/selfpost_weekend_is_active_introduce_yourself_and/
I see what you're saying. I still think that Chad can be used positively, whereas Karen is always negative. Maybe it is misogynistic, I don't know
I'm intrigued, where do you read defence of bounces in that comment?
It seems almost overdramatic
That's just it then. You don't have to see the cute little lamb in order to buy and eat it
Is this the first time he mentioned Icke on stream?
Yeah I kinda wish I watched him now so I could tell what was part of the act and what wasn't. You think he was acting weird then?
You've worded my sentiments exactly
Plus the "prepare for the 29th" thing. I'm jumping in on this conspiracy theory
We're going to have a whole weekend of this bullshit aren't we
I was here :)
I mean in terms of Doc withholding info from Tim, not Tim from chat
It's like dying of thirst in the desert and seeing a mirage in the distance
It's all moving too fast
Is their premium service going to be Brime Prime?
It's just classic Lily, she's incredibly apologetic and would rather blame herself before making others feel bad about anything
What ways do you think it's worse?
After you finish a book you presumably retain knowledge about the characters. Does that mean you care more about their lives than your own?
Might it be possible to add flair explanations to the submission page? Also, it appears that the sidebar rules have not been updated on old reddit (for some time, in fact)
Does he have a book?
Hi, welcome to the sub!
monkaW
The kitten owns the lift now. We have to pay tolls for passage
Who's Doc? Is he related to Fed?
...Noted
I love the way Brian says Sadge
I always wonder when I see a thread of comments like this. Where you live, do the pavements and shop aisles and whatever else look like roads? With trains of people keeping to one side everywhere they go? I have a hard time imagining it
We know nothing about the guy. Everything is based on his word alone. I mean if there is a banwave I'll sorrowfully eat my words but I think we're gullible for believing that post carries weight
You were subbed to AHS?
I've seen somewhere that all the admins are going to step down and instate the PCM mods as the new admins. Then we'll all go to AHS and draw funny moustaches on them while they're sleeping
Yikes
WeirdChamp
PogU Law School?
I think the simpler the work is, the less plagiarism matters.* Take the "👉😎👉 zoop" meme for example. It would be unthinkable to complain about plagiarism if you were the one who created that and then saw it being used all over reddit *and I'm not even sure how many people always think that the poster of a meme is the original creator
What are you and OP talking about?
Why can't it be possible?
The UK generally stays closer to French pronunciations
Unless I'm misunderstanding you, how does that refute the men can't be women argument?
Do you have a screenshot so I can see?
I'm kinda like this too
I can't tell if you're saying you think that was an actual ad for Uber and it scares me
Can't stand em
GTAGE
I assumed OP wanted to drown all the meateaters
That's a nice streamer you've got on your platform
You're 35 not 36, you're in the clear
It's one insensitive remark, and one made out of concern/ignorance than meanness, according to what you've said. See if the numbness fades; if it doesn't then the way forward is clear
What about him makes him your ideal person?
