Yeah some are
Arrested for how long? 😡
Marvel movies are light too in general. IW and CW and WS are deeper
That's business baby
F
*confused and agitated stare*
Nice
To fap in?
N I G G A H
Bats rape other bats in nature
Hope you’re a troll
Hi gringo
Lol
You forgot LIKE A BOSS
Idk if it's tied with the idea about personal responsibility that some ideologies promote. The idea that if you are valuable you will be paid as such, and if you aren't, then it's your job to make yourself more valuable and gain the required skills to be paid more. It's probably difficult for people inculcated like this all of their lives to see someone in the muck and not think "i did it, why can't they? I chose to work hard and leave my circumstances and now they are different. Why won't they just work harder?" I have to believe the view is a little more nuance than that, but in general it lacks sensitivity regarding the impact of situational factors as well as other personal factors that may influence someone's success or the capacity for them to succeed.
/r/brandnewsentence
any group out there, there's gonna be a bad vocal bunch. just accept that! if you are a vegan, vegetarian, a liberal/conservative, a community of gamers, etc. Literally for almost every substantial sub out here, you gonna find entitled insensitive or douchey people. In their attempts to teach you about their community and what they believe in, they turn you off with their language or rhetoric or whatever. It can be unfortunate that people may associate you with this minority if you become a part of that minority sub group, but... But that's people. But ideas, those are what we strive for. Those are what we live our lives by. If you find value in the idea of vegetarianism or veganism or a plant based diet, whatever you want to call it, go for it! You not gonna allow some people to keep you from what you really want to do, from how you really want to live your life. Also, in my case, I live mostly vegetarian and plant based except for occasional pizza or sweet bread because I have a hard time staying morally consistent. And I do this as a graduate student not really earning all that much! If you want to learn more about options, visit /r/vegetarian or /r/vegan or /r/plantbaseddiet, and you can search threads or make one of your own to explore all of the affordable options that you can incorporate for your diet that won't dent the bank!
i think he means avocado
its noncanon. i dont have a source but you can find someone else mention it here
oh god they put isis music on this /s
it's possible that people who maintain it as as a strong part of their identity will lead them to greater difficulty in empathizing with people with differing views and to having their own minds changed
snakes can fucc
you must be doing something right! good show
ya i know im just saying that people who comment attack helicopter stuff are very well triggered people themselves. whatever, useless point!
i cant touch a car because the car is sick so i cant be infected you know how it is typical car sickness syndrome
I sit down or something and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe
think the name is Goose
duh duh duh duh
lopl
Mtherfuckers at Cartoon Network cancelled it. Sons of bitches
Non Canon novel
Time?
PLEASE
Your first point I think is wrong. That's not what they are saying or what I took away. The automatically racist thing
But we can't completely ignore race either.
Ladies and gentlemen, we got em
God that sucks. I'd like to assume you are free to criticize it. If the narrative of racist accusations is not true I'm willing to believe
It do be like that sometimes
Why use it?
Is this a more tricep heavy push up form or ?
Yeah, that'll show em
It do be like that sometimes
Oh she's making something grow alright
Ah yes that number sounds much more manageable
I'll use my voice I'll be so fucking rude
Haha there sure are only 2 or 3 fans and they all think this way yeah
Hulk has a new do g
Should have insected it clearly
Ooh got em
LOL
K
Dw it's fine
He's prob trolling
Seems odd. Avengers trailer will take away views from CPT Marvel's trailer. Interesting if they do this
Tell us what it is you want from MCU. We don't want to play or guess at what it is you think marvel needs to do
Answer is children. Always is.
Ha that looks expensive
Sure thing tuna boss
Kid: we really do live in a society
NICE
He
Tell us where avengers trailer is and. U get an upvote
What the fuck
Nice job proving you don't know squat
Sure
Doesn't work for brownies ☹️ At least boxed mixes
Gah, I'm in similar place. If I leave, my BS won't provide me with good opportunities. So, I either stay and try to really focus and ignore the pain, start all over again in another position at the bottom doing same grunt work, or...nothing I guess.
Some people label it as Ch'kin or something equally cringy
How to fuck a dolphin weiersy block
My only curse is you
Give me all the of flex tape that you have
it do be like that sometimes
haha a doll smiles more than brie /s
is it possible to ban tweets from these people unless its from actual news sources, actors, or marvel themselves? haha, I know that's probably not possible but the experience of watching these pop up here is pretty mildly frustrating at this point. oh well!
Sunday: sorry it's the Lord's day for sure it will come sometime before the heat death of the universe
Yeah thanos doesn't give a fuck if bush or any of us make it
Well not really right. More like poop squares
Top 10 Photos Taken ~~minutes~~ Months Before Disaster
Bottom. Text
He grapes people! He grapes them in the mouth
Yep. Pretty normal shit
Yesnt
Chicken's not vegan? Honest tho how dumb would that dude be to think that
Taco Bell puto
Think I misunderstood the post.
Hot snakes and bubble gut
Ive come back from being blown before
What did they say to explain it?
Fucked up dude
Hank hill. Kicks thanos ass
It really do be like that
Congrats to marvel for marketing it this way and not letting the secret out! 🕺🏻🕺🏻👌🙏🙏🙏
BAN THAT FUCKER. DONT FUCK WITH MODS
FARMER THANOS FARMER THANOS
Do it
I'm gonna put some dirt in your eye
Watch the film
Maybe I'm going to hell for this and dank memes
No u
What the fuck
Reality is often disappointing
Ladies and gentlemen, we got em
Guys, can we beat that?
As far as Spidey is concerned what leads you to believe he would be out of school ?
Think so
You tried
This comment right here officer
L
You're still here?
U right
I'm sorry Mr Stark
Alright I don't ge this reference
I mean he has illness but he's also self aware and clearly trolling lol. But I think he takes it seriously. IDK lol it's very strange
That's why i get a lil irritated when I hear people make blanket statements. But it's just ignorance or a way to blow off steam from reading headlines
Keep the change
Weird flex but ok
Boatsex
Oh God. What a fucking misanthrope
mf Perry 😤
Why people act so confident when they wrong
There's a LOT of channels that get a whole lot of views that many of us are not aware of .
Cool
same to you my dear friend
Eternal squabble
TIME FOR SOME RANCH
The hardest choices require the strongest wills
Lol reminded me of Xavier renegade angel
Bruh he's expressing an opinion. I detect hostility in your comment but maybe I'm wrong ?
Alright thanks
uh, pokemon red, daxter, and neopets
bottom text
We were destined to lose. How? ...is this possible? Fucking Christ ....
Lol except in real life Ruffalo is more of the humanitarian focused guy while Downey channels Stark in a different way . But both still good people
Beautiful
Please don't lay your eggs in me
I just called c h i e f
se tonight
🔴🔵🔴
Thank you!
I was told by convention center people I cannot park overnight which was an option I was exploring. I suppose the policy changed
No one paying you to tho
Same
as long as parents can communicate with teachers about the little hellspawns they drop off at school then that's one of the best things you can do. a better student means a less interrupting student and a stronger learner which makes the teacher's job that much more efficient, not to mention easier. the learning experience isn't just had at school or in detention but at home as well. but not everyone is going to pay sufficient attention to their kids' progress and that just makes the students performance and the teachers performance and efficacy struggle
Shia gets stung by a desert lizard on his ding dong
Zeus or Thor sounds much better. I think I have freedom to pick and choose
He’s not an atheist . He shared before he’s not affiliated
That’s racist
You don't deserve it if you slow down which is the opposite of the objective of a race lul
False
Always.
Rada Rada Rada Rada Rada
That's fine
Intriguing
If I get one more lame meme reference out of you I'm gonna lose it
"you will never be...a god"
Me too buddy
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=16i1WNmXn5Y
Damn
Time Mexicans to rise up
Too many armored suits I think. Only complaint and I don't even have the game
I think the new suit has a different regulator thingie
Omg you dumb fuck it's been reposted so many times and you still got it wrong. You fucking nincompoop you monkey! Reality is often dissappointing
Ok let's just go around saying dumb shit about people I'm sure that's fraught with good times ! Fuck you you ingrate !
Mods pls
I am
Thank you !
Thanks
That looks like...Spidey from a cutscene from marvel ultimate alliance not sure which one tho
I'm not sure if it's because of the big character mash up setting but some of the multiple character movies end up undoing work from respective individual movies
Reality is often not dissappointing
Beautiful
That doesn't help friend! I need something concrete :(
In Spider Man
It do be like that sometimes
i'm sorry i didn't know this was a competition. i'll make sure to try better next time dad
play stupid games win stupid prizes, so to speak. i think he should have known this girl well enough to realize that if she caught on to his shit that she would display him in this way. whether it's right or wrong, who can say?
he didn't say he had an example he's not gonna look it up for you. one thing you should try is to always try and "disconfirm" what you know. If you think "X" group of people act in a certain way, if you believe people will react in "X" way, etc.... just any assumption about human behavior in general, don't just assume you know! Actively seek out information that flies counter to your claims! Human experience is varied, and although it is true that stable differences exist between people there are other types of behavior that are less "generalizable". So the idea that "all men will be crucified" is a bit more contentious or debatable than "all people need social interaction" but yeah, find your own examples. Really, unless the claims someone is making are truly extravagant and require immediate verification with a source (e.g. there's martians on the moon) you can look up most things on your own.
I understand of course I'm not excusing it
Who's that man who came to visit mom the other day? They were in your room for a while
Anyone reading this, you may get triggered from the emotional language but just focus on the message. Be responsible in adopting pets because it's a BFD.
Time for a crusade
F
It do be like that
O n o n
GODS I WAS STRONG BACK THEN
This is it chief
Yeah man it's tough. At 23 going on 24 I'm still figuring it out . Can't say much except hang in there if you know what you want out of life. Through constant stumbling eventually we'll figure out how to start walking again
It would be nice if people were calmer before uproaring and engaging in outrage but it's a lot to expect especially with such emotional issues and topics
F
They would though. Just how it is
🅱️
Dead baby jokes are funny. They never get old
I'm not the person you replied to but why do you think this is an adequate response?
The box said 3 years+ but I ate the whole thing in 20 minutes
snip snap snip snap!
lol what the fucckkk. i can't look at this without slightly gagging
my friend says im supposed to accept traffic as a part of life but honestly gentlemen, i'd rather not be living
Bruh look in the mirror . Stop it. Get some help ⚰️🗿
It do be like that sometimes
F
It do be like that sometimes
🗿
It do be like that sometimes
Aphex twin took care of that
*Bottomn't text
Cool beans 😎👍🏽
Well can gifts be whatever the couple wants them to be ignoring what's usually "traditional"?
It's the KGB
Cloud. Boye
Who's on first
Same
I mean whether you are speaking the truth anyone can just fact Check for themselves
It's rewind time
You’re a dense one
Do you feel¿, berating Reddit. Grow up and , just like I have done.
Nibba
Found planet fitness employee 🗿😎
Don't fuck dogs tho
What the fuck
Spacey Sphere
That sounds miserable for you doesn’t it
What would you have the admins do? The mods? The users? What does your overt outrage and dismay concerning the content here serve?
Rice balls
Jokes definitely were not. Gotta strongly disagree with that opinion ! 🗿
Some animals are important for the ecosystem. Some are less. Does that mean it’s okay to let people hunt those less “useful” creatures? You’re seeking logic when this is more about ethics with the rhino. I’m sure other animals are far more important for the ecosystem and it would be sensible to stop their extinction. We can’t force others to feel empathy for innocent animals like those rhinos.
South Text
Edamame is around same ballpark for Downtempo chill
Sex...
🗿
POD THE ROD
Like spaghetti. Until it gets wet
What's your biggest regret from not having left your path ?
🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔
What kinds of blocks are the white ?
Kinda fresh doe 😳😳
Lol
Thats a Texas size 10-4
Oof
Kink shaming is my kink
The big bopper
gah, I'm still stuck in the "what do i use to enter code" stage. i mean i did start this book and used the IDLE program that comes with it so I guess I should just stick with that?
Unfortunately the majority is not like this. Which means we must tear the industry down
Thanks
Thanks
We live in a society
Let me put you on hold ma'am
That was a a pizza?
&gt; next time. Next week FTFY :)
watching someone die recently and them not really being able to verbalize anything makes me think about what the fuck is going on through their minds. maybe they were so dazed and lost that they just...slipped and passed on
🗿
Doing a drive I see
Well put
You have committed a grave error
Yes az main here and I call them that way too
Thog don't care
Fuck I need to see this image
haha i look at morbid and dark shit on the semi reg so there's very little that exists out there that can leave me shooketh :(
🗿
They finally gonna make a toilet seat for us long balled nibbas
se tonight
Pee
We to lo
I imagine most people in these videos are one something. Whether it's retardation or bath salts
It doesn't tell time
Woosh
Nibba eating beans
Alexa play clubbed to death (kurayamino variation)
I mean it's what the masses want that's why they spread it upvoted and wrote articles about it. Womp womp
No
/r/perfectlycutscreams
Bruh there reallybe people out here with ANAL_RAPIST as their user name. TF cares?
Look how they massacred my boy
Uuuu
Kappa
👍🏼
Thanks
Npanelcringe
Yes
😖
Yep yep haha
🦀🦀🦀free Palestine🦀🦀🦀
Thank you
How TF do I avoid this. Trying to train for a 5k now I'm gonna be nervous as fuck
You're trash dont-fall
ONE BASE AT AA TIME
It do be like that sometimes
Reduce it to atoms
She's is ha way
We fucking on the ben 10 bed tonight
ORDER CORN
Klondike bar
Yes
Injecting saline into their dick
Nj
It has never stopped me before
This is true as well. I mean the last part at least. Or I mean, I agree with it
LMAO
lol i remember doing retarded shit like this when i was a little shit too lmao
😳 kinda fresh doe
Where my gamer girl pee
we call him, Bruce U
100 percent unsatisfied
Yes if it was a girl dog sure
You can put in money through their mobile app too
He sounds right tho. Must not have been difficult at all to change your mind off one comment I see people say this a lot too
DO A FLIP
dog was having none of that shit
Yeah I think I either change the gamemode quick or turn cheats on. ty
/r/hydrohomos
South text
Get this guy a fucking puppers
To be faiiiiirr
Just replace the water with extra juice
Uh
It do be like that
🗿
Arf arf arf
No, I don't think I will
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Uhh animation I don't get picky unless it's disney XD marvel show quality. But I just wasn't into the plot where they spend like 3-4 episodes in that fight tournament? And of course I got my expectations subverted in thinking the hero killer would actually be victorious haha. I just wasn't all that jazzed about the plot . Maybe 3.5/5 where first season is 4/5
Lol I'm gonna switch to everyone and see if I get any matches. So far no much luck this year in terms of women. I'm not gay but we'll see what happens!
Haha sometimes I think ab8ut this quote even though it's harsh from GOT: Never forget what you are, the rest of the world will not. Wear it like armour and it can never be used to hurt you. I mean it's harsh but the idea for me is that you accept those things about you, both what you can and can't control. Like for me, I have a below average length penis. And like, I used to let it torment me but now I make stupid jokes about it. But flaws as we see them are just insecurities. And it's possible to be secure in whatever shape or form your body is. Whether you're obese or crippled or missing an eye or a leg or you have a speech impediment or you're bald or you have burns across your face, you can learn to be secure in that vessel, in your skin. It's not easy of course, but in the end, if you use what you perceive as imperfections like armor , it can never be used against you (I.e through other's judgments). Chances are though, people will ignore or miss your own perceived flaws if you are able to beam with some level of confidence. We're stuck in perpetual states of self degredation and self criticism, but if we learn to control this, we'll find that most of the times the really negative judgments are really just the ones we directed towards ourselves, and that people are pretty willing and open to accept us as long as we have learned to do the same for others.
Haha original comment oni Chan
Good to hear 😎
http://gtcarlot.com/colors/car/33189467-2.html Acura RSX
Nigga
Reality can be whatever I want
For anyone who watched this: how do you develop passion? What does it take to become what Irwin was? How do you find that thing ? How do you keep it going ?
I feel dumb for not doing this. I see them and I say eww even though I also have empathy for the dead creature. I will try and do this in the most sanitary way possible next time.
That's ok, thank you for what you were willing to share with us. It's not easy.
fuck. thanks
yeah it's fucking stupid i got into a phd program for research yet im super low in curiosity and asking questions is hard haha. idk how i came to this decision but idk if ill be in it for the long haul. but passion. yeah. i mean i think I care about animals and the environment and helping out others. i don't do enough on this front but I think it's important haha.
that's funny. i kinda don't feel like a true arizonan because the worst ive had to personally deal with is roaches and a rat. no spiders or scorpions or whatever.
curb your enthusiasm theme
Yes it did. Putting my thoughts on paper so to speak. Thank you.
It's going to hurt, that terror and build up. I hope you can stay strong, for yourself and other family members. Maybe you might cope with it in the moment better than me! We really really can never truly forecast it. I deluded myself into thinking it wouldn't be as painful as it was. But we don't always have to be strong in the stoic sense. Crying also takes courage, to be the most vulnerable. That is strength as well I think. Im glad you were able to take him out and enjoy time with him before his condition worsened. I wish I could have done something similar with my dad. By the end, I never got to really be with him outside of just lying in bed or sitting next to him. But I hope that was enough. Take care of yourself too. I hope the best for your family and that you all can find peace amidst that chaos and pain
You maleficent aglet
Sure thank you I'll try haha
What the fuck is that
Theodore packs some meat so it’s likely to take up more space and have more surface area touching the inside of her mouth. Alvin looks like he is having the time of his life but he tends to be a more hedonistic person, so this is likely average for him which takes away any extraordinary sensations. Simon is a possible candidate but when you think about it, given how skinny he is, his dick is probably long and skinny, so most of Eleanor’s mount would not even touch the middle most part of his shaft. Theodore, given is girth and his gf’s largest mouth, is likely receiving the best head that anyone will ever receive, and evidently, deserves it for packing so much meat with him and always listening to his homies when they need it the most.
Theodore packs some meat so it’s likely to take up more space and have more surface area touching the inside of her mouth. Alvin looks like he is having the time of his life but he tends to be a more hedonistic person, so this is likely average for him which takes away any extraordinary sensations. Simon is a possible candidate but when you think about it, given how skinny he is, his dick is probably long and skinny, so most of Eleanor’s mount would not even touch the middle most part of his shaft. Theodore, given is girth and his gf’s largest mouth, is likely receiving the best head that anyone will ever receive, and evidently, deserves it for packing so much meat with him and always listening to his homies when they need it the most.
Get your hands off my penus
You had one job Charles
Good going mate. visit /r/vegan for more support !
🗿
&gt; Bone saw IS REAAADY
/u/edthehamstuh this has stopped me so much. contributes to anxiety and procrastination. it's not even a procrastination thing usually it's a laziness thing. its the fear that if might come out wrong but also the fear that it will be too hard or that it will take too long or being unwilling to get it started to make it all happen. agh. also yes, the fear of producing a crappy thing is real too.
It do be like that sometimes
Any more tips on broadening your identity?
Sorry
Hey crab man
Thanks
People combine vore and that Loli shit which is real fucked up
Quick Q: if I hope on the balls of my feet when ascending from a squat (heels coming up), what is likely the issue and what is the most effective fix?
yeah for some reason its hard! like i try and be conscious of most of my movements for lifting but with squat i guess its scary to overthink it for my since you have all that weight and pressure at the bottom.
🗿👍🏽
haha ngl i would fucking be depressed if i was veg and couldnt have soy or wheat. no seitan pasta rice bread tvp chikn fsh veggie burgers. oh and tofu
What are career options that combine background in data analysis/statistics and psychology? Say, if you pursued a PhD in experimental psychology which emphasized experimental methodology, data analysis, and statistical knowledge. Are there any areas that bar applicants who don't specifically have degrees in computer science or engineering or areas outside of the social sciences? I know this might be a large and vast inquiry but I just wanted to start broad to at least get a very general sense of what is out there right now. Thanks
Night king, help. I'm dummy thicc, and the clap of my ice cheeks is alerting the night's watch
Little bitch taunts me with his transformers legs. Eat a dick
There's some peanut ones at the bottom.
Also my fave https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EwSM_mxKgow
Piss jugs Ricky
/r/dogswithjobs
Uh. Is this satire ?
CORINTH IS FAMOUS FOR ITS LEATHER
Fax
They should have made more effort to pull us in
I'm stuff
Thanks!
Cool
I'm gonna suck you čock
👏🏽
yeah i understand haha. fasting in that way seems unappealing because of that fact.
many? care to mention one or two of these supposedly proven theories?
can u burn linguini board?
they were commenting on how you said no regrets, and added so brave after
yeah i underestimate how quickly it can be used for ill.
gg
ggg
ggg
gggg
gggggg
ggggggg
h
kkkk
ellele
yo wtf
Cunning 100
MEHTUL BAT
Uh false haha. Nice troll 🙄🙄🙄
alexa play ffff
yeah it's dumb that they keep the rules this way intentionally to get the candidates to talk over each other.
Oh man u so busy oh man
What's wrong with crying 😤😤😤🗿
Wow
Thanks
People getting non lethally hurt is funny
Idk what the purpose of having this specific format is or holding it in a big threatre with all the money thrown at it but they should be smaller and slower . Sacrifice the TV bullshit side of it to actually get viewers to hear what everyone has to say. God damn it
I don't think that's a fair generalization. If people here are misled or ignorant about the political side and the possible ineffectiveness of government to help these disadvantaged people, the best thing to do is to educate and not berate them
Sauce
Bruh u cut it off too early
Nugget biscuit
Thanks
Vengeance has consumed you. It's consuming them. I'm done letting it consume me.
But not us
Sorry bruh that dude a bitch
Schwarzenegger (German pronunciation: [ˈʃvaɐ̯tsn̩ˌʔɛɡɐ]) is a German surname that means person from Schwarzenegg, which is both a village in Switzerland (currently split between the municipalities of Unterlangenegg and Oberlangenegg) and a place in Land Salzburg in Austria. "Schwarzen" means "black", and "egg" (from the same root as the German word "ecke" for "corner") refers to a ridge, e.g., Eggli (long ridge), Eggiman (lives on a ridge), and Eggler (farms on a ridge).[1][2] Notable people with the surname include:
i mean in general you don't have to always go for the frozen vegan alternatives. rice, beans, lentils, pasta, fruit and veg, oats, bread, are the basic staples to get started. are all of those more expensive than meat in your part of the world? I'm just curious
It's going to happen but it's not ok
Mature
Jimmy smits is a cool guy
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BvQ571eAOZE Relevant
I just lost my child to lung cancer
i downvote hunting pics and steak pics
lll
Get me some tater tots
Fuck you
Thanks!
Thanks
Thank you! Detailed . And your last point is correct
butt fathrr
The CEO of sex
No it's Franz
Nice breakdown
Haha sex haha
Haha anyone in Lubbock here? Tis rough
you're
Hard choice for many! Or at least, it takes a lot of hands and help to make you see that you can do things for yourself that may result in positive change
I'm not sweatin tho v he do be hustling. Respec
Will you accept
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a5JmUs_Ekbo
I think MF God responsible
No
Hey
Holy shit good one I laughed liked a moron too
Haha nice username
haha the tex t is separated haha
Hello! I am desperate for help. I become hampered in my weight loss goals by the struggle of eating too much because of not feeling full. Is it more about developing greater resistance to temptation to not eat above my daily calorie limit? Am I not eating enough filling foods? It's harder as a vegetarian but I should be able to make it work right? Does anyone have advice? Just about structuring diets and what foods to include (or include more of). I generally have oatmeal and PB in the morning, pasta and some soy for lunch, and tofu, vegetables, and rice in the evening. I am eating more beans right now and tortillas sometimes too. Also potatoes
Gay
my bad brother i didnt read the tone of comments or thread and i apologize
Yes, you are right about the first thing. I'll change the habits surrounding when I'm eating. Thanks!
Yeah, i understand what you are saying. that mindfulness for eating. i tend to make my food for one dish but dump it all into my plate. i should leave some in the kitchen. my impulsiveness would lead me to just shove everything real quick down my mouth, so I'll be more deliberate. thanks!
yeah i havent had good success with sticking to it when making it so strict. i don't know if my body actually needs it or if its just my brain but it feels like I have to constantly be eating something in order to feel "energized", "alert". Like I get the feeling my body is running "low" on food and then things start to shut down like my attention and enthusiasm and my emotions start to dip. my emotions become very much involved with my eating habits so that makes it trickier. I'll see if I can experiment more with IF. thanks!
Srsly
Ookkbrsrded users when making comment on klmeta jokes 😅😂
get nae naed
Unless 😋
its colored greens. you don't call them collard people....
please surrender your alabsanian passport
Hah n word lel
Ha trolled lel
/r/okbuddyretard
You're a sheep
Yes
time to ddox him and spam all his accounts
I am the master of all baiters
I am wanted for the assasination of general suleimani and am currently held in prison by Iranian forces
I am once again reposting for your karmic support
no it's johnathan testicels
Thanks!
Yep yep, I just found some through SALT and CATS Academics. I'll see how it goes, thanks!
Ditto on the last position, but I'm looking into tutoring for sure. Thanks and best of luck during these times!
Thank you
I definitely laughed
EZ Clappers
I stepped way. I was lucky that my phd program had the "masters on the way" option, and so at least I'm not leaving with anything. But like what other people may have experienced, after tears and frustration I realized that I really wasn't passionate about the methods or the questions or the significance of the questions. I couldn't find any real meaning anymore, and it was time for me to go. Now my mental health has improved and I actually feel optimistic about what's coming next. It's a big decision, but sometimes it's the right one. I won't tell you what to choose, just offering my thoughts
i mean probably not right? at least the sub group of repubs that voted for trump. romney has shit on trump before so they def don't care for this photo op
sunmerreddit
seems illogical to post a comment that someone can respond to and then tell them to "shut up". just don't comment if you don't want a response lmao
lol got em. just a random passerby looking at two online keyboard warriors have it
raul
There should be some more freedom to talk about things in an open way. And there should be gracefulness shown in pointing out why someone said something that they should not have said or should have phrased better. It's a tough thing, discussion is, especially because people are working with different amounts, types, and quality of information, both from their own personal backgrounds as well as what it is accessible to them from the news, social media, etc. this realization is very important, but it doesn't really become salient during a discussion (from what I have observed) between a more hardcore liberal and someone who doesn't identify that way. The latter person gets accused of certain things the former makes assumptions about, and it then devolves into personal criticisms and attacks. Having bad ideas is not bad insofar as your own recognition of the poor quality of your ideas is an instigator for reflection and change. Ignorance is not malice until it becomes intentional, deliberate, calculated ignorance, a decision to remain indifferent or continue to retain ideas in the light of informative rebuttals. Just take a look at this convo within this same sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/h7hrgp/we_should_let_some_dog_breeds_die_out/fulu9bh/
It's good propaganda tho 😭
Haha dumbass
"get the fuck outta here scrub"
Jesus christ it's Jason Big Horn
yeah, his mom
esh afs
begone vile asf
lol knowing this sub I was expecting a pop sock. was plesasntly suprised!
This is the worst thing I have ever seen.
Absolute fucking moron
fauci was right about the "anti science" bias. i do dream of a world where most of us are scientists in some way. most of us have the capacity, even from birth, and the further honing of our critical thinking and reasoning skills would make us very competent adults. you don't have to be a scientist by trade, but simply having been taught the scientific method, being aware of psychological biases the human mind is privy to, being trained in basic logic, etc would do absolute wonders for us all as a global, human, Terran society
garey busey, mark twain, obama, kid rock, killer bean
he do be looking sad tho
i mean people here do like that word no cap
yeah i've moved from worrying about the spread to just concerning myself with me and my direct family. the rest of arizona can suck an egg lol. same as it's always been, every person for themselves because some people can't be helped or won't allow themselves to be helped or be open to suggestions regarding public health. this is one of the few things in recent times that has actually helped me lose some faith in my fellow humans.
Butt how laff in imagine not?
Fish up!
i reckon if we go toe to toe in bird law i will come out the victor
honestly the degree doesn't actually mean that much. you may be educated in that particular domain but it doesn't directly translate to knowledge and depth on other topics. you are smart enough to know this lol
Now you’re getting it!
lol
I wish they would just go fully mask off (pun not intended) and say fuck you students. stop pretending to actually care lmao! Like, I accept this is how business works and money works. I just wish they just said it how it really is
excellent
Pog
Preach
This kills the crab
i am trying to figure out what these comments are for. i guess just a general venting process for the commenter? or is there something for the rest of us to be gained from hearing about people "quitting" reddit and the like?
