Her summer versions getting my anniversary ticket to pair with Esser and Rackham. 4 months should be enough thas me for me to get motivated to grind an ultima gun right?
I did around 100 pulls during rate up when I started before saving for a spark. I kind of regretted it because all those elemental teams ended up locked behind grid anyways and I ended up getting just as many characters from free pulls while saving for said spark anyways. But I’m the grand scheme of things I’ve sparked 4 times and am halfway to number 5 (Rat zodiac?) so I can’t say it held me back or anything.
It's probably even more true for him since his issues seem to be confidence related rather than anything else.
The AI doesn't follow a strict decision tree. Different conditions increase the change of doing something, like you mentoined def break / low hp ratio will increase the chance, while elemental disadvantage / inability effects will decrease the chance. &amp;#x200B; Hitting elemental disadvantage is a really rare thing, but I've notice that ignoring elemental advantaged units is not comparatively as likely. Which is why Mo Long will pretty much always go for Rina, but Seara will once in a blue moon go for someone else.
IIRC, Vajra replacements would be Yoda or S Izmir. I don’t know who’d be a S Grea replacement though... In any case looks like you’re out of luck for now.
The Stiches rework looks bonkers, first thing I'll try with him is the regen build. That honestly looks bonkers. &amp;#x200B; Seems Stiches will also be more viable if for no other reason than how good the slam boosts make his wave clear.
It’s consistent, the same thing happens with continuous damage. Vero takes 5% damage *before* cleansing and healing for 3%. Hard to notice but can get him killed in very rare cases.
Other than John Wall, I’d consider Scott Brooks a player’s coach. Incidentally him and Kerr and former players.
The problem that I see is that this and last year's laning changes (that plus Blaze / Yrel led to the stale passive soak solo meta) have flaws that become apparent at high levels of play and those who follow it. &amp;#x200B; For everyone else that doesn't play conservatively? Well things that encourage pushing \*do\* serve to shake things just like the state goal. Game gets a lot different when you have to start worrying about coordinated ganks and team movements. I don't have to in the leagues I play so I go ahead and grab my double globes and push with impunity. I'll keep an eye on the minimap just in case and it's fine. That doesn't cut it against really good players who hide their movements or only need an extra hero to gank (which also makes spotting ganks from the minimap harder).
The merc thing is definitely something I've felt before. There are lots of times where you just stand around and do nothing. I got a lot better at this game by just being more patient a lot of the times. Taken to the logical extreme is the staring contest solo's sometimes get when soaking lanes safely. &amp;#x200B; Haunted Mines is a good example of always having something to do. The camps are so frequent and the mines phase takes you so far away from the lanes that there's just a lot going on. Conversely you have Tomb where after the forts are gone it's just a really boring game imo.
None taken, I was more speculating why they keep doing these things. There's a big tension with pro play being about not taking unnecessary risks and the dev team pushing players to be more aggressive. But while large parts of the playerbase will follow the intent, pro players just find even nore conservative / passive playstyles (or you can blame Blaze / Yrel for being too ungankable for that). &amp;#x200B; Maybe it's cyclical though, early in HGC 2018 it felt like \*every\* solo laner was getting ganked left and right as teams found better rotations to punish them. They responded by playing extremely conservatively. So the current solo meta didn't happen immediately after the 2018 laning changes.
Sure, but the wave requires a lot more babysitting than previously though. People kept talking about this change as if the blue wave would infinitely push into red's side, leaving the blue solo behind. But I was thinking about this scenario: 1. red solo freezes lane outside keep range 2. objective spawns, red solo has to make the long trip to participate 3. who knows where the minions are crashing now? The extreme back and forth probably isn't balanced so precisely for this to consistently happen, but just a possibility I thought of while watching.
I've been playing a lot of other games lately. I don't see that as a bad thing. But I am predicting future salt when I want to play GBF beyond dailies I'll be really mad I didn't grind xyz...
Ya, hard fouls were more accepted then, Ni if you go look at 80/90’s fight highlights it’s basically always the same 10 for a reason. Because actual fights didn’t happen that much.
Ok today's Chev punching test have yielded some results: &amp;#x200B; /u/fliflafluffy \- Zeta was a good choice, in particular her character weapon at slvl 10 essentially gets me rage 3 for free. She and MC hit around 2.3 mil ougi this way, but still aren't capping. Need more EMPs on Zeta maybe (or a better ring roll). Has potential. &amp;#x200B; /u/Thirn \- done, not much left to do except work on grid and maybe Death 1.5 months to get SSR? &amp;#x200B; /u/PieFormation \- thanks for the tips: how it's gone so far: I tried Vira in the past, didn't have a trick to let her ougi anyways and her TA /w echoes didn't do much at all. Failed experiment. Likewise I tried Joker before, but for some reason Comatose didn't do much for MC and Lyria / Azazel cap without Comatose, I think anyways, not sure how their caps interact with Shiva. So it wasn't a great buff for just MC and Joker. Also, Shiva breaking Comatose was really frustrating rng to say the least. Lady Grey was someone I hadn't considered - really strong nukes and freeing a slot on MC was awesome, again she hits 2.3 mil like Zeta. Her nukes are comparable to Zeta's echo and nuke, but the free slot and extra 100k on Azazel's nuke might put her on top. More experimenting tomorrow to see if her or Zeta take the last slot. &amp;#x200B; Random note: sometimes Lyria hits for 2.6 mil, sometimes 3 mil. I have no idea why the big variance, Azazel and MC were very consistent so I doubt it was S2 range. Edit: so far Zera, Lady Grey and Vas (early test) can get Chev down to 15%, so getting there...
I think it was worse when he asked the Jazz to waive him so he could play closer to his kid’s cancer treatments in NYC. Fish promptly signed with the Lakers.
From what I understand Simplicity and Octalysys did not own the league spot, while TS / Endemic / TF do. Not sure about HHE or Scythe. So I wonder if it's just like with R20, where they weren't satisfied only being the sponsor and wanted to be owner as well.
I had forgot about all that. I remember Total Biscuit implying that SC2 eSports was only alive because of Morhaime insisting Blizz put money into it...
It was more the risk that he was going to be suspended for a big chunk of time, turning it to dead money. &amp;#x200B; Also, IIRC he played like crap last year.
Courts are remarkably accommodating to rich people huh? I have seen more than a few court cases involving athletes postponed until the off season.
I was under the impression that getting his contract voided wasn't an automatic thing and something the player's union almost certainly would have filed a grievance against happening.
So my QM experience this week: &amp;#x200B; Queue exceeds estimated time, requeue, does it again. Change to call of nexus hero and get an \*even longer\* estimated queue time. &amp;#x200B; When it did pop, I was 2 stacks + me + 2 newbies versus 3 stacks + 2 stacks. Ok, so hero level doesn't mean skill right? We just got stomped by coincidence. &amp;#x200B; Next game: triple warrior, Auriel, Chromie. Um ya... we got stomped even harder. &amp;#x200B; You might notice it's a sample size of 2 games, so despite it being pick none of the above I won't make that conclusion. However it's not for lack of trying, every other attempt to queue has taken \~5 minutes and I've given up to go play AI / Brawl / Ranked / Other Games.
Maybe Liam and Diesel who were rumored to be in HGC next year.
There’s a reason McIntyre calls the role the garbage man. That said there are definitely times solo laners overdo it, finding that balance is very important. As is ignoring ignorant teammates.
How quickly people forget that they used to expand it after 5/10 minutes, but high level players complained and it got changed to *one hour*.
Even when it's positive it's just a weird system. I had a 3 game losing streak so my PRA went up a point since now I'm even further away from my target rank... Then the game exploded during draft so I lost 600 points and my PRA jumped up again lol. &amp;#x200B; Other than this weirdness it doesn't mean anything though. My favored adjustment each match is still very small (or non-existent). So it's not like my mmr / rank mismatch is actually effecting anything.
I never know if those people are the ones who are just financially ignorant or blindly angry.
I used it the other day to seal off the middle path on Tomb to secure an escape route. No one (killing me as I was also low) slipping through that way!
Are you watching a live stream or rebroadcast? Trick does rebroadcasts at night (NA time) and those tend to have much lower numbers.
Every two lane map I strongly consider drafting her. Real easy to get value and not worry about little detail stuff that she can’t do there.
Depends where you were I guess. I clearly was taught that HIV came from sex, drug needles and transfusions in the early 90’s. Not saying what they teach in school was common knowledge for everywhere else. There are adults out there who still think of Pluto as a planet for example. But the science was there pretty early is my point.
I think it’ll take so long to gain a meaningful level advantage off turtling that you just risk giving up too much map control. Plus waiting to make use of your advantage risks death timers mucking up your plans. We’ll see though. I get the feeling if that happens the devs will nerf the passive xp.
It indirectly does (at least on a rational market). For example if a stock’s PE ratio differs too far from market average then there’s a good chance the price is going to move in the opposite direction. Won’t happen overnight of course, but that’s why earnings and guidance are so closely watched.
A lot of external sources of armor got buffed too (notably Uther). So I think the net effect on Garrosh is when played with another source of armor he’ll have a smoother armor curve than before. Not as high when low life of course, but tankier when at high life. Hopefully that’s enough to make the changes net neutral for him.
It really depends what rules they played under. When motivated Shaq was perfectly fine showing in the PnR and letting the guard recover.
The replay monitor makes sense because that would end up being a backdoor instant replay, which they aren’t supposed to be using. Edit: there are some calls that are reviewable on video. I remember a playoff game where the refs went to ‘review’ a really obvious one of those because they wanted to check on something the crew disagreed on off-ball that was not reviewable.
I’ve been playing HoTs on and off since technical alpha. It’s always been dogged by ded game memes and rumors of Blizz pulls the plug. I suppose it finally happened. It’s no secret that HotS wasn’t one of their smash hits. Also that HGC was being propped up by the company. So to lose HGC wasn’t a huge surprise (although completely pulling it versus scaling back does shock me). However, I never would have expected them to publicly announce scaling back HotS itself but they just did. I guess I’d hoped that 2.0 was enough to monetize the game at it’s current level of support. Sad day, especially with yet another batch of gameplay changes. Tough to take that this might be the last major iteration of the game.
I mean D3 was cancelled and completely restarted during the 14 year break between games and Titan, Warcraft: Adventures and Ghost were never released at all even though they were poorly kept secrets. So I understand the delay in announcing titles without assuming anything about the dev cycle other than it being early on. For HoTs though, ya it’s not looking good. Perception matters and if people think the game is spiraling then how are you going to get new players to stick around and get it on an upward trajectory?
I feel that’s a tough situation. Would there even be a hots competitive scene of significant scale without HGC? Those first two Blizzcon tournaments were pretty sad after all. Heroes was always playing catch-up, so maybe they needed the jumpstart of Blizz backing them to have a chance rather than waiting for a scene to develop organically.
It’s kind of funny how many people claim to have this quote front and center as if they live their life by it.
&gt; What most likely happened was Blizzard execs jebaited the Heroes E-Sports Team into thinking HGC 2019 was possible, and they then jebaited the HGC teams. Not that it matters now, but I believe the big limbo HGC has been in was because Blizz was trying to find a third party event organizer to take over. At least that would be a much more graceful exit (to say the least) and match some of the other major changes to HGC rumors that were swirling around a few weeks ago.
WoW is such a balancing act. Change things enough to be worthy of an expansion but not so much that players feel left behind (especially with an rpg).
Ya Blizz had no involvement at all in that for a literal decade other than the dispute about rights. Actually now that I think about it Blizz very nearly killed BW by forcing Korea to switch to SC2. If not for Afreeca reviving BW we probably wouldn’t have a scene anymore (and probably not BW Remastered).
They probably are going to pay them a few months salary rather than cutting them loose immediately. I don’t know how long the original contract was for or how it was structured granted.
Gresko is actually Blizzard’s “chief development officer”. Since other companies don’t have that position I can only guess he’s the one all the game directors report to. A quick history for him with the company would be this: &gt; Gresko was previously the executive producer of Overwatch and joined Blizzard in 2008 as production director on Diablo III. So he actually isn’t involved with a lot of the stuff that guy read off (more like his company folded after he jumped to Blizz) and was in fact from Overwatch lol.
At the time Ghost getting canned was actually a really big deal. Starcraft was supposed to be a franchise and the first step in that direction after BW didn’t even get out the door. Plus it was supposed to be on Game Cube IIRC (remember Starcraft 64?). You don’t just lose your deal with Nintendo and shrug your shoulders. So I don’t know the particulars but it seemed like Blizz just though BlizzNorth had another disaster on their hands with D3. But even if I were to go back and watch the BlizzNorth era teaser stuff (I might be misremembering if video was actually released or just news previews) I don’t know that I could see what D3 might have turned out like if they had been kept around.
Yesterday was the first time I heard of th guy too, so I was curious. My first thought he was the guy Activision hired to run their eSports leagues or maybe even the new game director for Heroes. Now I know his title at least.
I didn’t read the Kotaku article but did it talk about Blizz wages in absolute terms or compared to other game companies? Because I can tell you that all game companies pay their software people crap wages (especially with all the overtime). Maybe things have changed but I know lots of burned out game programmers who leave the industry since there’s not better company from that perspective.
With yesterday’s announcement I’m starting to think of 2.0 as their Hail Mary to save Heroes. In hindsight they changed major pieces of the game really, really often. I don’t know anymore how much of that was to fix problems with the game (armor stacking being removed to fix armor having increasing returns being the latest one) and how much to make it more fun (scaling changes to let them balance Cho’Gall I guess).
The Clippers kind of lucked into being good under Sterling. Remember he was against trades because he didn’t think a player could possibly be worth it if a team wanted to let go of him... Also he let a ton of homegrown players walk for nothing, again because he didn’t believe in trades even when he knew he wouldn’t match their offer! Wouldn’t you know trading for CP3 turned the franchise around.
I’m sure the feeling goes double with the Korean scene after BW’s near death too =/
I basically tweet daily for an AP pot and a Soul Balm. A sunstone is a steal
It’s funny the Cain lowest win rate thread really showed me just how many people hate the effect pro play has on everyone else. Maybe there is a silver lining to the news this week there.
Well problem is you are both right. HotS 1.0 *and* 2.0 failed to monetize the game. Pretty sure they even told us that much about 1.0 when they introduced 2.0 and of course now they're telling us for 2.0 too. Sucks but it's not like they had a financial success and managed to lose it.
Exactly, Blizz was originally just going to be the publisher for Diablo 1 but ended up buying Condor games (and renaming them Blizz North) during D1's development.
His stream introducing Hanzo with Trik was just exuding enthusiasm as well. It was pretty funny and he talked a lot about the design process too.
But which one!
Keep her in the back line since casino chips are always handy.
Don’t discourage me... I’m doing the same as you. One drop and enough mats to buy 3 more Fimbuls (the cheap ones...) so far.
It’s not a bad conspiracy theory. The fact is Blizzard being a separate company within Activision (with Morhaime as CEO) was a strange corporate arrangement, but kept them independent and free to stay the course so to speak. Also from what TotalBiscuit said a lot of the early bumps with SC2’s eSports scene were overcome because of Morhaime not because anyone else believed in it. IIRC Blizz is no longer a company within Activision, but Morhaime was CEO of the combined thing. Now he’s gone and Blizz is directly under Activision rather than an independent co-entity like before. I guess we’ll never know, and it might just be idealistic thinking.
RL has much better and more diverse support (their games are on NBC Sports online!). Probably always seemed like a better future even before the radio silence regarding HGC.
His point is you could have made this same post every three months for 2 years and been wrong until now. We all knew HotS wasn’t a big hit for them because it’s always been ignored in the quarterly reports. We never knew until last week that it was actually doing *that* bad though.
I mean it works both ways right? Justing states that they spent an hour telling the devs how to fix Match Making. Without knowing seeing how their ideas would have worked in real life why were they so sure they were right? Obviously not defending the Devs, it’s been clear match making has been problematic for years now and they managed to make it worse a few times last year...
Not quite, there wasn’t a clear ownership structure then. When they made it explicit is when R20 stopped sponsoring them. Also consider that the cheer/spray graphics all feature R20’s logo which they own not Justing.
It was during the off-season when everyone was announcing next season plans IIRC. The only one that came late imo was Trik. But based on what he said last off-season, casters aren’t contracted indefinitely but one year at a time anyways. So if HGC was slow telling then something they wouldn’t wait around and pass up other opportunities. So maybe from that perspective they had ‘early’ warning’. Or you could also think of it as they had deadlines that HGC missed and they moved on?
The stock was depressed from Vivendi using their majority shareholder status to milk the company like a cow (iirc they gave themselves a special dividend every year). When Kotick arranged to get the company out from under Vivendi the stock took off like a rocket.
All that’s needed for an English stream is NetEase saying go ahead and an English caster willing to stay up all night (time zone dependent). And I guess cast for Twitch views instead of salary...
Wow Josh Mosquiera too, one time D3 savior.
Sad, I hate seeing a pull / rare weapon go to waste.
Add journey drops and that’s what I’m doing.
I’ll note that Akashi can drop the silver relic shards. So you can still get these weapons without getting both matching eternals.
You need a JP billing address to make a JP iTunes account these days
I believe Light should be Seruel / Lucio/ Song. Dark I don’t have most of your characters son o can’t suggest much. D’Jeanne is an auto-include no matter the atma imo. I do like Narmaya and don’t mind running her in my Sword team. Vira is a no-brainer if you need Veil. Don’t have / use any of your other dark SSRs to have a real opinion though. Fire I personally run Glory / S Bea / S Percy / Yuel. I have Aoidos but don’t particularly like him except on super short fights. I’ve toyed with changing Yuel for Ghandagoza but haven’t experimented yet, mostly to let me play riskier on Bea. Earth I wouldn’t bother running sword. Wind is fine with Monika / Lancelot / Nio but I’d strongly consider a sword class for MC. Then again people run Dancer for Wind so maybe just the two sword attackers are enough.
I feel you. I’ve been out of town, left looking forward to the board game event and trying out the xo changes (and Stiches rework). The announcement doesn’t effect any of that per se.. but somehow it does. I’m sure when I get back home I’ll log in anyways... I hope.
It was a really niche build too. So some rare situations it was as they said. My Uther is rusty but I don’t think those situations made it strong enough to blindly go Q build. Although a I suspect it’s really an over nerf to stop bruiser Uther since he was the only one missed by the pre-Blizzcon nerfs targeting non-warrior tanks.
Also Zeratu isn’t taking your keeps while you aren’t looking or thought you were chasing him off your back line during objective.
Ya, all the niche / sleeper OP heroes (and Zagara) got nerfed.
I remember last year the community bits goal was missed by quite a lot. I didn’t track this year as closely, but IIRC the top prize was missed again. What evidence does anyone have that community engagement was just untapped potential when the only community engagement seemed like a group of diehard super fans rather than widespread support.
Anyone using free rolls to complete a spark should be careful doing so during 3% banners. If you get a less than 150 draws you will pay a over half a spark cost for less than half a spark worth of SSRs (rng excepted of course). Now depending on what you want (cough Metera cough) it might be worth it to take the potential hit. And you could get lucky in either direction, this is just some math on a smallish sample size.
Hmm, I have ~240 pulls saved. If I get lucky in roulette or clear my sidenstory backlog I could spark the next X-mad banner. Hopefully it’s an extra long flash gala or something then lol.
I’m curious about that too. I wonder how much of that is based on perception and how much on actual financial considerations (there have been a ton of I used to buy tons posts since the infamous letter).
I think with the way people are already assuming it’s a future change I don’t think they can back off the change now.
Well that would be the extreme bright side of reducing costs for long term sustainability. Now that he bottom line is settled, no need for anyone to meddle with the day to day.
Clicking the roulette is just cosmetic. First iteration there were people who showed screenshots of it landing on something and getting something else. &amp;#x200B; As you can imagine, if the gamecrashed while roulette spun what would happen? It has to give you a result even if you never clicked it. So it's just cosmetic and your value is already computed once you pull up the roulette screen. &amp;#x200B; Your experience and other people who closed the game / crashed / whatever during roulette are all the same, so I'm pretty comfortable saying that's how it works.
Papers make excellent kindling for roasting fires too.
Interesting, so they have updated their league breakdowns since they first introduced. &gt; And I have seen many, many people in this spot. So the question is, how can you be in the top 10% of hotslogs but the bottom 40% in game? Also like you, I've seen many people with very inflated hotslog league rankings (including myself). I think the assumption most people have for the discrepancy is that hotslog's player population is not representative of the game. I don't have any evidence for this of course, but going by the old Reddit player survey (admittedly self reported) the population here already skews towards the higher MMR's. I wouldn't be surprised if hotslog did the same. Anecdotally, I remember going about 2 months where I didn't upload replays. When I remember and uploaded the backlog, less than 10% of games had been uploaded by other people. This was when I was in Gold HL. &gt; Anecdotally I have seen lots of silvers and golds in game that have silver/gold hotslogs MMR and suck ass, and I've seen silvers/golds in game who are actually pretty good and I check their hotslogs and they have diamond MMR. Last time I checked, HL Platinum was only ~300 MMR difference from top to bottom. That's a very narrow band and some of the other lower leagues are like this IIRC. So what you're seeing could be totally reasonable, without assuming leagues in game are broken. High / low players within a league *should* have different skill levels after all.
Are you sure he's not just blowing smoke here? From my knowledge hardware bans aren't really a thing, and a cursory google search seemed to back me up on this. &amp;#x200B; In any case, there are other digital fingerprinting techniques Blizz might be able to use however (the SC community has long used them to identify smurfs and account sharing).
&gt;Yeah, the logical assumption is that hotslogs skews towards higher MMRs. i.e. average ingame MMR of hotslogs players is higher than average ingame MMR of the population as a whole. I wonder what skewing effect this has on MMR calculations actually. Since we assume low MMR's don't upload replays, then that means they show in a few games at the default MMR rather than 'bad MMR', hence more MMR gain for beating them. &amp;#x200B; &gt;It's not just different MMR bands at play here - we are looking at people the top 10% of the site's population being in the bottom 40% in game. This isn't that unbelievable actually, what ratio of users do you think hotslog actually captures? If it's half of players then this wouldn't make sense, but what if it's only 1/10? Then suddenly that top 10% doesn't mean much \*especially\* if it's not a representatively sample.
That's an obsolete technique unfortunately. These days, iOS \*automatically\* spoofs your MAC address when joining public networks (I'd assume Android does it too). IIRC Windows also automatically spoofs MAC addresses for computers within the same network so they all show the same MAC address (this is to anonymize all requests coming from the same network). I wouldn't be surprised if you could just change a MAC address manually now a days even. Only other hardware ID-ing technique I'm familiar with is mobile device GUIDs, but that was also circumventable with root access (so mobile companies bank on ignorance / it being a PITA to modify your phone). I would imagine other hardware ID techniques face the same issue.
Yesterday I got call of nexus for Tracer (on NA)! It was glorious, even if it was a 10 assassin/specialist game. But at least Hammer was on *our* side.
Team armor is such a huge asset, especially in QM. So Uther really was the winner from the armor rebalance.
I've been putting off UBHL for way too long I need some advice. I have 2\* Typhon Grim, but no Thor. Should my last two slots be Baha and something to heal (Cat car probably)? &amp;#x200B; For element I was trying to decide between the following * Varuna Water - 2 Fimbuls, 1 Murg. I could chain damage cuts for days with Sparta / Kat / Box; alternatively I have the Kengito lineup (but not grid) * Magna Earth - I hear this is a good starter element; 1 Axe, 0 Katana. 5\\\* Threo, but no Alex or any healers really (Cain / Mahira / Arulu for supports). * Magna Wind - 5\\\* Nio and Monika are good right? I also have S. Jeanne, W. Lancelot and Metera. * Magna1 Light - Lucio / Io / Seruel good enough? Also have S. Naoise, Amira, Juliet. No Sofia or eternals. &amp;#x200B; For completeness I have completed AES and M1 grids for Fire and Dark, but I assumed they're just terrible options for UBHL (unless Yuel / F. Socie / Tanks is better than I thought).
Makes me wonder why Alex's weapon came with uncap on release, but Europa and Shiva's didn't. Hope for Grimn's to I suppose.
I supposed Eustace is there because Zeta is puppers? Although, Ilsa would have fit better for that joke, so maybe it's time for me to play Gripping Freedom.
Ah, sadly I haven't pulled either version of Eustace. I even got a Titan begging for Stratomizers!
I'm already thinking Gladiator (Michael Sword + katana of your choice) will be a great pairing for him. He just seems to open up so many options for team building. I might be overrating him since I want him and haven't pulled him yet, but he really does seem worthy of a 10.
Her unlock weapon is a bow, maybe it's one of those transforming FOE weapons
Just finished my 300 draws (thanks roulette discount). Got Shiva (twice even :-/) and already had Lucio. Any argument to take Drang over Alex (only Earth buffers I have are Cain, Mahira, Arulu and Cag)? I have a Varuna grid and was thinking of playing Sage to break into UBHL. Also Olivia seems tempting for waifu reasons (and her Sword would be nice for mechanic set ups maybe?). She’s also be getting a spot in my FL over Naru for atma synergy. Edit: S Zooeys in my SD so I’m not really considering her.
Ya, Blue Sphere seems like something Ibreally should be adding to my Varuna grid. I doubt I’d use him either... Alex I definitely would, although I hate the idea of kicking Cain out so soon after getting him. DAO not worth considering?
Ya I noticed that too, so much for Song / Pig / Metera Hollowsky as the new meta Wait it’s dual Axe / Spear. Maybe the Light Spear niche will get a boost to meta now?
Fire meta used to be flashfest, zodiac, seasonal meta. So it’s not that bad. Also, clearly Shiva, Athena, Hollowsky spear had to have been planned out for a while. In the element strong the Tia Malice even. Makes me wonder what they have up their sleeve for other elements now.
Metera just got 5*, Suteras a big character in six, maybe she’ll get an SSR version... or a meme SR version
I had planned to 5* Esser and Anniversary ticket S Ilsa to go Gun, but now that I got Shiva, I’d Zeta gets a (good) 5* I’ll have to go Spear all the way. Then i could anniversary tix s zeta and go light Spear too lol.
How does it perform? I don't see much data over an M2 grid so it's gotta be damage / damage cap that you'd do it for huh (and QoL of not sparking dupes...)?
I mean you do know the history Mark Jackson has with the Warriors right? I’m guessing you probably do. Now do you know that JVG has literally done interviews complaining about the Warriors being bad for the NBA? He’s done it more than once even. I don’t think GSW fans not wanting to listen to this tandem is that strange really.
Klay has one of the lowest foul rates when shooting in the entire NBA. I think it was something absurd like 1% of his attempts draw a foul, so I’ll give him the benefit of the doubt that he wasn’t baiting a whistle (there was a chart comparing the top 3 point shooters during the Rockets series and Klay was last on the list). During the landing space debate of the Rockets series the conclusion was that you end up spreading your legs to avoid getting undercut, which is something Steph’s done a lot post-ankle issues. So that’s what I think Klay was trying to do when he saw the close out coming.
Two games in a row they’ve had foul trouble. I didn’t pay close attention to their other series, but are they always so foul happy?
That pissed me off so much. Especially when the refs are reviewing it for clear path foul, so lots of replays. Commentators stone silent.
I remember thinking he was an idiot for contesting a layup in the restricted circle immediately after his 5th foul. Like does he not know how to adjust his play?
He still remembers all the cuts and reads
But how many stupid turnovers and bad shots did he have? A lot... he had a lot.
He literally thinks the Warriors are bad for the league because they’re too good. As if ratings haven’t been up and as if they haven’t looked beatable the last two years. I think he was on Lowe post talking about how much he hated having to pretend the Warriors wouldn’t win it all. He’s basically a KD=snake troll. He gave another offseason interview basically saying his job sucked now because the Warriors were too good. Kind of a mind boggling attitude.
It is not as grindy in the sense that you aren’t OTK-ing something 100’s of times. But you still have to repeat missions a lot and *because* you can’t just auto due to format, it can feel just as tedious. That said, I enjoyed the second one; fights were a true challenge, rewards were quite good and rote repitition was a lot less than normal (albeit my fire grid / char pool is quite good).
Usually when shooters have too much time to think about it or double clutch open shots or whatever I just assume they're going to miss. Iggy's the exception; it seems that whenever he can get in his own head / break his own rhythm he actually shoots better. It's really strange.
If it makes you feel any better, most of the mistakes you made won't actually matter in the long run (or medium run even). IIRC there was only one 10 pull you could have saved, so no big deal there. The game is very generous when it comes to crystals / tickets. Half ap/ep comes around every 2 months or so. Plus once you get far enough in the game you really aren't limited at all by pots or berries anyways (I've been in that mode for years now it feels like). Uncapping SSR's is something you'll do anyways for the the trophies, so look on the bright side. Besides, early game you have to make do with whatever garbage Gacha 'gifts' you. The wasted EMPs sucks, but that's life, you'll get them back.
I think everyone downvoting him assumes this video is a joke video. Like the 9 Wilhelm grid solo-ing HL raids video. I assume everyone upvoting you thinks this video is dead serious lol.
&gt;classic Giannis tactic of shoulder charging people down to the point of injuring Looney. I'm glad some non-Warrior fans see it this way... I get bully ball, and initiating contact to get a foul; but there's definitely a point where it should be an offensive foul and that play was one of them.
He has been generating a ton of contact and forcing the refs to do something. Close enough to the restricted area and of course he'll get the benefit of the doubt (even more-so than offensive players already do). I'm curious how this strat will work on the road.
She’s been amazing for proving grounds so far!
The other guy specifically said said stars. Pop wasn't more valuable than Duncan and he'd be the first one to tell you that. Pop's a great coach but losing Kawhi took the Spurs from championship contender to playoff streak.
It's a medical issue though, so Kerr can push on the medical staff, but they still have to clear him.
I mean he used to be; then he got Teague’s starting spot and I’m not sure what happened.
So they’d have no Russ and no PG? I don’t see the appeal of that timeline
I think that’s more the current state of centers. How many centers can switch into the perimeter in the scenario you’re describing? Giannis? Anyone else?
Seriously, my next question would be are there enough good refs to make a playoff rotation people wouldn't criticize?
His hall of fame case is similar to Robert Horry's. Now that he's retired and people have calmed down bit Horry's case is completely gone now. I suspect Iggy's HoF hype will go the same way. That said, he totally deserves some permanent recognition at the Chase Center after he retires.
The others gave good advice, but consider if you're racing (attach - refresh spam); then Halle is very good for that and doesn't need atma synergy.
I don't really consider the clear speed, because I was going to clear enough for all the trophies anyways (I think 100 clears for wind), which was more than enough to get 2 FLB Windhoses. But my clear speeds 1-2 turns each phase for Ex+ then and now. I see this time around they lowered the trophy requirements to 50 clears though...
Derrick Rose went to a basketball factory of a school. &amp;#x200B; The other star players before him managed to make it out to D1 without cheating (so far as we know anyways).
When he hit the free throws to cut it to 7; I was really hoping for an improbable come back. All it would have taken was a miss and a 3 to get into Turn the pressure up right? But nope Raptors just went on a run.
Frustrating to see how many looks the Warriors could still generate and just have people clank them
So all this talk about Halle; any mine test her With Hollowsky Axe yet? If it works then Earth and Light can both make Axe comps now, that would be pretty huge.
Good luck with the SSR Ticket!
Sarasa is Axe proficiency.
Start with chars, tickets and outfits. Pots and cp if you need them too. The shops don’t restock and they’re there forever so you can always go back later
So the bleach thing. I've actually done that when I was around his age. What happened was my mom was doing laundry and she had a paper cup sitting on the washing machine. It was half full of bleach. I was a kid doing kid things running around the house, jumping off the couch, etc. All tired out, I ran into the laundry room wanting to ask for some water.. Seeing the cup, I grabbed it and took a drink. I remember my Mom's look of panic as I grabbed it. Fortunately, I have very strong taste aversion so the instant it touched my tongue I spit it across the room. But man, I was ready to down the entire cup in one go. So ya... kids aren't very careful / knowledgeable (I had never seen or smelled bleach before that day). 9 or 10 is around 3rd grade. That's still really young for people who have forgotten.
On one hand, one was off-court issues and this was on-court stuff (as on-court as a non-player can get anyways).
Great point, that would make a lot of sense for them to make themselves known as a willing partner for salary purposes (ie dumping).
The defense has been so bad. Even with a few starters to help out, the bench mob completely blew the game end of the third. It's just the same story every game, bench comes in, Raptors go on a huge run. And they can't even hit open shots to make up for it.
Probably, the Warriors are just looking so lost right now.
Finally cleared Proud+. I’m not great at team building and only gearing for all damage all the time was a mindset to unlock from (looking at the ranking teams didn’t help). In the end I followed some teams I saw here with some modifications (no Sara or Soriz, both very common). Grid: 4 swords (only 1 4* cuz I’m stingy with sword stones), 1 Axe and since I no longer had weapon synergy - the free Slvl10 Ygg wand (seriously helped to bump up squishy teams), Seraphic, Ex, Baha, Baihu Claw (probably should have be a second Ex). Summons: 4* Ygg, 5* Baha, 4* Cat Car (curse my lazy self for not finishing Lucifer yet...), doubly water bundles. Support 3* Alex Palespine: Elysian, Arulu, Mahira, Cain. Delays, veil and undispellable buffs. Only sketchy part was surviving Necro rain rng and the following boss buffs. I got lucky with charms and ougi rng. All survived. Snow White - first off the damage seems unreasonably high here... second off it was team balance change. Spartan, Eugen, Halle, Vira. Alex full cut for first ougi, then always bundle / phalanx the rest and triggers. No damage means no debuff here. So that was nice. Then uplift on Vira and let her spam heals. Halle hits like a truck, great validation of the reworks lol. Macula - much easier than Snow White outside her auto-wipe gimmick. I ended up doing Elysian - Alex - Eustace - First Years. Eustace paralyze is really strong and buys so much time to get cool downs back. First years with dodge, heal and gravity have everything you need; just make sure they have the least hp to get targeted by the normal ougi. Not much else to say. Overall, nice to go back in time and play Elysian and lots of control (gravity, delay, etc). Sheep Sleep turns out to be really strong on stuff like this. It’s basically boss: skip a turn. After two pg proud+’s, hopefully I can make my own teams to clear next time.
If you have Uriel handy then Crysaor /w Arum Flow and Dual Arts, Sieg S3, Eustace S3 (no S2) and whoever is a 5 chain on demand. That’s usually a good place to start and you already have 2, likely 3 sword/katana characters for Ultima synergy too (poor Eustace).
Lol, what a day when the og version is what people want huh? If going all tank doesn’t work then you can try your luck with Elysian Charm / Sheep Sleep. Add on a FLB Tiamat and it might get you favorable rng long enough to burst Huanglong down.
Super rotation is the 10% trigger ya? In that case you should be able to burst that (\~5 mil left). Just start preparing early enough to build charge bars. &amp;#x200B; Edit: IIRC Pecorine can substitute the trigger too, but maybe check with someone else first.
Can you beat the rising beast trials? The proud quests are imo a small step up from those.
Yes, you lose it if you retreat. But it's unlimited elixirs so that's pretty unlikely to happen.
There are lots of sources for pots besides moons. The current event is a great one for example.
I meant damage skills; but that is a good distinction and why I say the selection of skills on those 5 isn't great.
&gt;Is that related to the "targeted by special attack" status? Yes, you need to clear that debuff to avoid his out of turn nukes. &amp;#x200B; The rest I'm rusty on, since I did Proud+ last time and haven't gotten around to it this go around yet.
You can upgrade with the seal once the spear is FLB. Just select the seal from your supplies =&gt; power-ups and apply it to the spear. It'll keep all levels and skill levels, just gain a new skill (and weapon name).
Not really, every replay of the Durant injury scrubs out the Raptor crowd. Whitewashing to keep the great fan awe narrative. If this was Philly though... you know they’d have gotten roasted Edit: just read ESPN’s story on it and they only mention the cheers as he left the floor. Which, in context, sounded really sarcastic to me (still some people waving him away on the way to the tunnel I thought).
So much went wrong, no one screened for him against full court pressure, no one came to him / open after he picked up his dribble, then when they did come up.. straddling the line like that
I really hope so, but my hopes and dreams haven’t been coming true lately...
I’m hoping Warriors can finally win a home game and Durant gives another 15-20 minutes in G7.
He hurt his Achilles, but wasn’t in obvious pain like a torn Achilles usually indicates. Let’s not overreact like the original calf injury spawning a thousand Achilles tear threads.
The latest report Insaw indicates it’s a separate injury. Maybe his calf injury forces his leg to compensate causing the new one. Or maybe the weakened calf caused a chain reaction. Don’t know. But for what it’s worth they’re saying it’s a new injury.
Posted before I knew it was his Achilles. I thought he tweaked his calf again.
What gets me more is how Cook and Lacob aren’t sweating buckets watching that go up.
I just cleared, team was Spartan (revive, hardened shield, rain of arrows) / Albert / Sandy / DLF / Precure / Pecorine. If something goes wrong Precure has substitute / dodge and you can revive someone. If something goes really wrong Precure can substitute almost everything. It did take me two tries through (double nuke killed MC through mirror image first run, happens I suppose). Also Light Buncles + Spartan is a rng-proof way to deal double Omnitcus. I would say Albert is pretty important too, he has so much delay that you basically don’t take a special attack until the 75% trigger and subsequent OD ougis.
Ya, hard to appreciate off ball stuff like that; but guarding 2 players; not giving up a layup; and still making it out to the three point line has to be one of the hardest things to do out there. Great play.
Thinking back, I don’t know why I used Sandy over Seruel for Veil. So if that makes it easier for you to get through the 75% trigger... charge bar boost also helps you line up DLF ougis. I guess I was just thinking as many free characters as possible heh. What is your grid like? Light is probably one of my best grids (4chev swords). And light magna gets really tanky after all.
He practiced with the team. That was the condition for him getting cleared. That was the big news leading up to the game. The practice was closed to media though, so the only reports out were “saw them going in”, “they just came back”.
She makes so much sense as a summon though. As a character she’s be Sakura / Lyria
I still use mechanic teams for easier content; without Huanglong it’s too many skills to boost charge bars lol.
Ya, I'd gotten confused by the timeline pre-coffee. I was more pointing it out as unrelated injuries can happen in succession. That reads more sarcastic than I intended.
[https://www.espn.com/nba/story/\_/id/26941781/durant-makes-return-game-5-warriors](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/26941781/durant-makes-return-game-5-warriors) &amp;#x200B; Like I said closed practice (although I can't find an article saying that), so details were pretty scant. Practice Sunday, shoot around Monday. From what I know his 3v3 with coaches and back-ups never happened though (the one he was shooting to do before game 4 because they didn't have a practice scheduled)..
True, different people want everyone as a character. Can't criticize taste.
&gt;I wouldn't say him looking good is justification that he was ready to play. But people are saying him not looking good in workout was justification to sit him. Which one should carry more weight?
&gt;Barkley called Achilles on the first injury, as did many others. It can’t just be a coincidence that everyone called Achilles and now it is Achilles. Are you implying he had a bum Achilles all along? Or are you poking fun at a stopped clock being right twice a day?
I will say this about the Warrior's process. They don't believe in easing people back in. They firmly believe that if someone's cleared to play, he's good to play normal minutes. The only time someone coming off an injury had minutes reduced was Steph in 2016 with the MCL sprain. But everyone else I remember coming back, came back to their 'normal' role. Even Boogie went straight into the starting line-up. If that philosophy that someone who's good to go, is also 100% is wrong, then it's wrong. But it's consistent with how they've operated the last few seasons.
It's out of necessity, him and Looney are the best Center options. Bogut is nowhere near what he was in 2016 (when he could anchor a defense and facilitate some nice offense with screens and handoffs). I'm disappointed in how much Bell's development has plateaued, it's like he let the mini-Draymond stuff get to his head. Or maybe it's just a sophomore slump. Either way they could really use more from him.
Him driving over and over again into the lane to brick a floater was really painful to watch.
I've been missing JaVale MgGee a lot too. High energy rebounder who can block shots and finish lobs. That's really all they need out of the Center spot IMO, Athleticism and energy.
Do you think it’s a company hotline or something? The reason they hired Woj was because he brought sources that ESPN people didn’t have (you can debate the ethics of his sources if you like). Shelbourne was on Lowepost with I think Windhorst talking about NBA rumors when one of them stopped and said “I think we have the same source!” And everyone had a chuckle. They don’t really share them since they’re individual relationships and all.
He just really wanted back into the game lol.
OKC brass sure felt that way; that they would have had Horford if Durant had committed to them instead of waffling then finally leaving.
Why Mettle! I actually have 4 copies and was hoping for something more relevant...
A cross court pass isn’t the easiest thing in the world to make in that moment. Lowry was open too so why pass him up to make a tougher pass with time winding down?
Ya, that's what I got from it too. That he already lost the story to Demps. Of course, Rich Paul could be lying, but I doubt it. He doesn't have a history of talking to Woj after all.
I mean he didn't seem like a very good GM prior to this anyways.
&gt;What's the end outcome you're hoping for? The NBA commissioner making a team fire their head coach? Right, that'll basically never happen. So what's wrong with venting to an neutral 'insider'. It would be really bad manners to vent about Walton to Laker's brass after all and pointless to do it to say... Dell Demps.
Meyers worked for Arm Tellerm’s agency. He wasn’t TMac’s agent just another guy in the office that he knew over the years.
What new weapons?
He doesn’t have to play the idiot when everyone else already is lol.
He was ruled out earlier and left the arena on crutches. Hopefully precautionary
If you're just trophy hunting, note that the extreme+ / nightmare+ in part 2 used to have two of the clear bosses in them. The last collaboration however didn't do this, but if you want to be lazy in part 1 and see it can't hurt. &amp;#x200B; Also, last it used to be the case that just farming solo would get your the 'best' ratio for emptying out the shop; but recently I've had to farm raids to get enough of the 3rd item. So maybe they've rebalanced something.
Hey now, Rackam was a silhouette when Zero was talking about why he didn't hijack a a sky ship!
I feel they made a change, since lately I've been getting quartz all the time from Arcarum (10 at a time from gold map chests and end of expedition red chests)
At 5\* her S2 gains a special buff that is extended by Ougi, so you might want to get into practice lining that up. But at 4\* there's no reason to hold anything other than overlapping buffs (ie if you have W. Lancelot his S3 doesn't stack with her S2),
On PC using AndApp or your desktop browser? &amp;#x200B; Also, when you login the email is case sensitive, so that might be messing you up. &amp;#x200B; Last, you can always request a password reset can't you?
Ya, that's how I remember it too, that Suzaku was basically wrong and while he couldn't actually justify himself. Despite that he was still a popular character so they let it slide. Plus the fact that Lelouch couldn't get over his personal attachments to him kept him from being treated as a full-on villain.
Also, Katana spec to match Kengo and Vajra.
Metera is already nice for Crysaor otk, so that would be awesome if this weapon bugged her even more.
I have such a hard time believing a grid with 3 unboosted spines is going to (near) cap cap autos.
He got to go ‘home’. To the only place that nothing has ever been asked of him. That’s basically the only reason I liked his ending. The rest of the ending and even how he got there... not as much.
Can't go wrong with Bella.
I'm in a dead guild. I've been seeing people who haven't logged in, in weeks come back to get their vampire lord. They didn't do it right away because it took them a while to get word and redownload (does the welcome back give notify people?).
&gt;Also her passive (activating the nuke at end of turn when almost knocked out) is amazing for Dark with its enmity focus, adding enormous skill damage as a reward for doing what you want to do anyway. Forte just got skill damage with dark seals too. &amp;#x200B; Maybe Dark Spear is back on the menu (if only Karyl was spear spec too).
How crazy would it have been if she was the 5\* reward for Gisla? You thought you were done with enmity Hades? Here comes the power creep lol.
Is Durandal worth dama bars?
Get an Atma/Ultima, get Belial Scythe, change MH (GW Dagger or ideally Parazonium if you really want to play dagger class). If you are hitting cap, a Qilin Bow is pretty worth it too (especially if you have a dark OTK set-up). Depending on how far along you are, the Dark Opus weapon is pretty easy to get and will beat out a Celeste Spear any day of the week. You generally have too many Magna weapons, even adding a second Ex instead of a Spear will probably benefit you.
I don't get how this is always such a surprise when it's bought up. At the time CP3 took \*less money\* to opt-in for the trade to happen. Is that really something someone without guarantees does?
That transition where you go from 'big kid' to 'old man' is fast isn't it?
He also had surgery to fix some of the residual structural issues from what I understand.
Light Anthuria incoming.
Well also KAT's contract. I think people understand that timeline more than "the Wiggin's era".
Dwight played against the Warriors twice, unless somehow you mean Durant, who isn't Capela's normal assignment anyways.
That's what I get for copying the spelling in the OP.
For some reason wiki linked to a tweet giving numbers for that, but the weapon skills page doesn't reflect it. In any case it's 15% at Slvl 10.
Well if it makes you feel better it's now reported that the paperwork date was contingent on if the Pelicans could move the #4 pick. So it sounds like it really was considered during the main trade talks, but deferred to after (since NO didn't have a third team line-up up until today).
&gt; but they were so zeroed in on making the trade that they were willing to put their master plan on the back burner (..not so good!): You really think them not doing the trade over ~5 mil in cap room would have been the right thing to do? You don't always get everything you want when negotiating, NBA or otherwise. I don't see anything wrong with them setting priorities and putting this or that on the other side of 'deal breaker' (remember the Kyle Kuzma stuff earlier?).
I get your point, I just think you're either overstating things or still going off the older inaccurate reports about how the negotiations went. The report you quoted with the Lakers might needing to throw something extra actually contradicts what both Bobby Marks and Woj are now saying. Edit: I should say, even before today’s clarifications, I didn’t see it as a huge deal. So we’ve probably hit the point where we should agree to disagree.
Fire Spear teams are very good; but you also posted to the wrong thread =p. For reference I run: Xeno Axe Asparas, Heles, Shiva, Yuel. And the following two turns is enough to top-6 pubbed Grimnir's. T1 - Yuel S4, Shiva S3, Heles S3, Sun summon (Yuels S2 and Shiva S2 time permitting) T2 - Shiva summon &amp;#x200B; Ushmagal and Skill Cap on Ultima are more for solo-ing / slower raids. For example I switch to Hollowsky Spear MH spartan for Tiamat Malice, swapping out Heles for Lanvane (b/c I don't have Athena). Works pretty well still.
Crew buffs start with 30% charge.
Because it turns out most bigs can't actually guard on the perimeter, so you have to figure out other ways to make them relevant on defense.
Funny enough the two people who I remember being most successful defending him were Rodman and Wallace, both giving up a lot of inches to Shaq. I guess lower center of gravity helps with leverage?
I recall DeAndre Jordan's had a few seasons in the 70's. Granted that was just catching lobs, but it's not totally crazy for Shaq to top 70%.
Contender for what is the question?
&gt;The problem with that is the nba is players league, the NFL isn't. Ya no kidding, other than a few positions, everyone in the NFL is expendable and often out-performed by the latest rookie. NBA is all about superstars and getting the few out there.
That’s was roughly my high school vertical! Not sure if I should be feeling ashamed now.
They beat up crappy Eastern conference teams, none of them had injury issues. Reggie, AI, Kidd played and all that (I guess Reggie was pretty old by then).
Germany has some really archaic citizenship laws. Basically as I understand it anyone descended from a German citizen can claim citizenship. But you cannot (or it’s nearly impossible) become a naturalized citizen otherwise. They don’t have birth rite citizenship either.
I was just reading that apparently that’s how the Suns judge scouting performance...
The post part is actually important. Passing out of the post and playing back to the basket iirc are very important aspects for the center in triangle. Used to take back to the basket part for granted and looked for guys that could pass out of a double team, which has always been hard to find. Now you can’t even count on bigs doing the first part.
This is a good question, none of the comps in the OP are from Jordan’s eras. I wonder how his usage / tov numbers compare to say Clyde Drexler’s?
It hasn’t been a stand alone event in quite some time. Um not sure what the plan for it is. Maybe they need to add more primals / weapons and make it a bizarro rotb.
It's funny how every player who grew up in/around LA is actually a Clippers fan! What are the odds?!
Come on, it's not like current players were born within the last 7 years...
&gt;but it seems that only extended to the top players, such as Iggy. &amp;#x200B; Naw, it only extended to religious players like Dray (backup at the time), since Bogut (atheist) hated his guts and was the starting center.
Sure is, Iggy's kind of a strange dude himself. I assume this is what he's trying to touch on, but who knows, maybe he's just pulling a Kyrie and pretending to be woke or something.
I mean, Klay's dad played for and is still involved with the Lakers. I know Klay likes to raze him and all ("We're better than Showtime"), but I think he'd be plenty happy being the 3rd star on the Lakers if they get a max slot ready and the Warriors don't pay up.
You can count on one-hand how many NBA players have one. I don't think it's really what Klay's aiming for here.
Kawhi has alway been a Warriors killer I have to say.
&gt;I mean... not be all "hindsight is 20/20" or what not but I feel like this was kind of predictable... right? Sure, the disease of more and all that. The number of 'almost champions' who completely collapse the following year compared to champions who fall off. Barkley said he knew his post-finals Suns team wasn't getting back in \*preseason\* based on how people were acting all big headed. Easy to say in hindsight of course since it's really hard to buck optimism and last impressions from Boston's conference finals run.
Brad Stevens really does put a lot of the blame on himself. Made me realize, this is more or less his first time managing bonafide NBA stars other than Horford (who by all accounts is low maintenance). At Butler his players weren't highly recruited / ranked. And his Boston teams the past weren't high on accolades either. I wonder how much of a culture shock last season was for him.
3 EX is too many; drop pone for that 2nd Fimbul.
Yup, that would be the distopia of truthiness.
Ya but Love and Kyrie played awful together. Love’s numbers went down whenever LeBron was out.
I'm starting to notice a trend that when the boss says they're ok with paying the luxury tax... they don't mean the repeater penalty. And long overlapping contracts are really hard to duck the tax with. The Rockets for example are back in the tax iirc after ducking it last season to avoid the repeater penalty.
3 in 4, so there are years to get around it. But signing 4 big contracts without 2 years of each other would make it hard. This could have been headed off if that’s the worry of course, but this’s the route they took.
Only thing I didn’t have on the banner was Bea. I like Bea and all, but I’m not sparking her even for 18k crystals lol.
&gt;Robomi being gone for years after her first event is likely the closest we're ever going to get to an actual death during the story. SR Robomi is basically a &gt;!memorial to the real Robomi.!&lt; Not sure if that counts or not.
&gt;. But yeah, during GW it's really easy to churn through a good number of those, especially if you're just mass leeching for tokens.... Especially when Viramate was a thing! Just click all the auto-join notifications on the raid finder while watching a movie or something.
We know from Jean's shouting that everyone attacking the cart titan on the wall died. Didn't look like a lot of others survived elsewhere, but I seem to recall there were people on the roof when the rumbling happened and it looked like more than the named characters saving Yelena's fortress from being overrun by titans.
No, Nicolo's still with Sasha's family. But I did notice the resemblance and it seemed intentional given that scene happens right after Armin and Mikasa talk about him.
I had no idea there was a sequel to Fantasica. Evangeline might be my favorite character art ever. I see it didn't last long though...
&gt; I hate the progression systems It's very slapped together isn't it? I started it around anniversary for the goodies, did nothing but grind events, hitting a wall at \~15k might (ie once mana circles are maxed, dragons, prints are unbound, been upgrading the halidom regularly too). So clearly not ready for the late game, but I'm lvl 82... solely from events (and skipping all the omega and harder difficulties since I still don't qualify).
&gt;The big issues are gold/stamina/gear rng. Events follow the same format, much like the majoritiy of games. I do however wish there was more variety. See, this is the funny thing. It's the exact same issue people have complained about since the game was released. Every new feature and balance change since has basically been a way to dance around this.
&gt;Still, it takes a lot more than the other average game to promote a character early on. It's actually a lot faster to man promote characters in E7 than in SW. Not that SW is the known for being fast to play lol.
&gt; I'm too lazy to state the reason for this but it should make some intuitive sense for people who can about it from a business perspective. More of less the principle you're looking for is the free-rider problem. Or maybe economic surplus is a better fit. Either way both of those topics don't have agreed on solutions. So the gacha lifecycle is hardly this cut and dry.
I thought they published Love Live is how that got in, along with Id@lMasters? Didn’t know about Code Geass though, that’s cool to hear.
There are quite a few games that definitely seem optimized for tablet (or PC / emulator) when it comes to small UI/X.
&gt;The best fire healer in the game is a limited seasonal unit, and pubs being pubs, you sometimes get noped if you don't have him for one of the fights. H! Lowen I hope? (one of the few seasonal I have)
It’s not even their definition for what’s anime, they straight up exclude titles that have anime adaptation from the list lol.
It's also the inspiration for Dragon Ball, so if you go that route, then it's quite well known in the West.
Yes, those were the straws that started the review bombing and based on sub content these days all the fixes addressing pets and other things have placated a lot of the bombers. The gold/stamina issues usually underpin everything (\*cough\* gear conversion \*cough\*) but somehow people are fine with the superficial fix (again gear conversion). Maybe they've all given up on gold/stamina being fixed? I dunno.
If if makes you feel any better, unless you like Real Time Arena, the game is still fundamentally the same (gear grind, gold sinks). Auto repeat doesn't really change that imo.
I would agree with this, I'd also say there's a lot of people who enjoy getting immediate feedback/gratification so will be babysitting that phone anyways no matter what else they're doing. Auto-repeat is great for people who want to 'progress' while working or otherwise occupied though.
That's sad, since I have 5\* Threo and neither of those other guys lol (nor Octo come to mention it... I should stop being lazy and finish him).
Beginning of March is usually pre-anniversary celebrations, then mid to end of March is anniversary proper.
Been on a break lately, wondering what I should do with my 10 metatron omega animas: uncap my first bow or start a dark opus weapon? Grid is 5 swords, xeno sword, seraphic, ultima sword, flex spot (right now it's a chev gun). Have hallowsky spear and the characters to switch over if such a team exists in Light, but right now I'm doing sword boys with a long term eye towards hallowsky axe with boar / Amira. &amp;#x200B; Bonus question, how good is the new cosmic sword?
Alrite, sound good. I guess time to run the new GO, thanks.
Looking at my box again I have 2 Lucifer summons, I should combine and ULB that guy, and go for the dark opus (I assume skill key, then long-long-term stamina key?). Also I do have a fire magna grid, so looks like cosmic sword farming is on the menu now too, thanks.
&gt;game philosophy focused on making sure games end very quickly Ya, while it can drive some people crazy, it also has some mechanics that typically get nerfed out of other CCGs. So that's a plus for some people \*something something non-interactive game play\*.
Been doing the harder solo quests finally and wondering... how do you keep your melee from suiciding? On the Rathalos solo missions my ranged won't run straight in and face take everything, but the H!Mym and Nobunaga....
Undying better be or what’s the point. As for the rest... well they only last one turn lol.
Light Spear gonna make a come back now?! (to be clear I mean Ultima Spear comps).
She showed up a lot last Fire GW; all the Agni lords loved her. Agni doesn’t run Ultima iirc so they’ll still run her maybe.
People who dumped all the excess xenophobia mats for some quarts will probably be unhappy if Xeno Ifrit is good. I can't imagine them adding a 3rd farmable sub summon to Fire though. So what exactly is this thing going to do?
So they're really shoving RotB and Xeno in before GW rather than spreading it out huh?\* No Fire Proving Ground though, but I think at this point Ushmagal isn't going to be that missed between still new (for most people) Astrals and Xeno Scythe 5\* uncap. I'm really curious what they're going to do with that. Raw power it has to compete with Astral and effect wise it has to compete with ULB Astral and Hollowsky Weapons. Im actually really curious about the Xeno Ifrit summon, it's farmable so you'd assume it's either a quartz source (which Xeno already had?) or something relevant. The latter to me means sub-aura... but Fire already has 2 Arcarum's for that and several gacha subauras. So would they really do that? I guess it might end up being a bridge summons or mid-game players. Or something very specialized to mix in and out? I dunno, I'm probably overthinking this one. &amp;#x200B; \* I'm pretty happy about RotB btw, I still need to uncap my seraphic. And you can probably tell I'm really excited for the new Xeno stuff.
Box wondering when she can play on the front-line too.
Having gotten X-mas Magisa first, I was really tripped up that OG didn't have melee prof. Was already to throw her into a Fist team with Anila.
&gt;Carmelina is still very boring to play, you just press all 3 skills whenever they are off-cd since there aren’t really much tactics to them. Given that they made the buffs stronger/more reliable I wonder if they're just pushing her to a Full-Auto niche. &amp;#x200B; &gt;And Vira still has the Light/Dark gimmick baked into her mechanic, even though the number are still low and I can’t think of any Light boss who also deal Dark damage. Does that really matter? She doesn't seems to suffer for having both properties anymore.
&gt;Now that Satyr data is out, I don't think she's as bad as some might think. Like yeah, her resource management isn't great, but I think that if you focus on healing she should be fine. When I first read her kit, I just had a sneaking suspicions her unique kit (for Fire anyways even outside the debuff turn reduction) was going to be awesome for the upcoming GW. People didn't seem to think so, but it's something I just can't shake. Not going to spark her like I originally joked, but I'll be keeping an eye on her to see how it eventually shakes out.
How confident do you feel about him when his teammate has 59 points?
Are you arguing that Anthony Davis isn't a start then? Cuz like you said they played together a lot lol.
Was a joke about Jrue hogging the last possession so AD couldn't get to 60.
I was really casual when this event came out, couldn't figure out if the 11-th Eternal stuff was a joke or not. But ya, no lockout on S3 would have been so broken.
All else being equal, you jut go Light / Dark to avoid elemental weakness. And between those Dark has CA weapons with Avatar sticks. Basically MC + Lyria is enough to kill everything, so it doesn't matter who the last two are. If for some reason Huanglong's weaker elemental attack isn't doing it for you. You just wait until Strike time, then you have an even easier time of it. Personally that's what I do and I 0-click with Baha - Kaguya.
I don't think talking about systemic racism against blacks precludes that from changing things for Asian, Hispanic and Middle Easter communities. Black Lives Matter targets a glaring issue about policing black communities, but the the root and cure for that isn't going to be black exclusive. Now, I'm quite aware of the perception in non-black minority communities that black people don't care about their issues and the frustration that race relations in America is sometimes literally Black and White and no room for anyone else (see how much anti-Asian rhetoric comes out of the government without being challenged these days and all the casual racism towards Muslims the last decade ect.). But for a historical example of how racial issues don't have racially exclusive outcomes, It's not like the Civil Right's Act only protects African Americans despite the vast, vast majority of MLK's supporters being African American.
&gt;But how do you get a good harp in Fire? Your only free option as a newer player is like...Niyon's unlock weap, the other free ones are bad. RotB Harp is quite good actually. Also, Xeno Ifrit Axe works great for Lumberjack too if you're wanting to match a Harp class now.
&gt;And, while fire doesn't really use Hollowsky staff, Water and Wind definitely do. During my Lumberjack can Full-Auto everything mania I did put together a hollowsky staff team for water. S. Teena / Shiva / Mugen / Magisa / Flaretato was the line-up with Mugen and Magisa swapping places depending on my mood. I don't know that Yuel is so amazing to swap in here, but since I'm going to try Aoidos somewhere once he hits 100, I may as well experiment with Yuel too (and I guess Anthuria).
It's just another option, since I think she will work very well in hollowsky staff teams. Maybe not top tier, but she's much more likely to find a home there or in Elysian than she is in Fire Sword.. In any case, there are definitely new players hurt by this change, but all this hand wringing is odd when she's very quickly replaced for the majority of players. No one is ticketing her for anything after all. Once you get to the point where you can make an Atma yourself, then the concerns about hollowsky farming go out the door. So it's just a very short window where people are using the WMTSB freebie and lack the options where they use Yuel.
Why is it impossible? Half the time all Yuel ever gained from strife key was 10% TA since she caps DA from her S1 if you had any emp. I don’t find the lack of stats a convincing loss since the hypothetical is a mid game player has holes all over the grid rather than an end game player who’s dropped the Atma. If you liked her or wanted her for utility then you can still do that in fire sword (see countless players running Anila as a buffer off proficiency). There’s nothing magic about her that carries mid game teams that she needed Atma synergy for. And again this is a really small niche, not all early-mid game players have Yuel after all. Edit: I should say my first impression was to hate the change too, but then I thought about it and it’s really minor since how often was she used for non-Agni? Maybe the Harp prof stuff doesn’t lead anywhere, maybe it does. But I already know where the sword prod lead to in Magna.
Sakura Wars collab was when I first tried to play Langrisser, was shocked how hard the collab was for newbies (was used to collars being trivial give aways from other games). To bad to hear about how good that character was... I'm currently trying (very casually) again to get Parn with much better results since I've actually played a little.
Lots, there used to be a google doc with a list of upcoming releases. Sorry I don't have a link handy, maybe someone else does. FG3000 usually does a pre-register YouTube video every month. Not everything on it is coming out soon though (\*cough\* Diablo Immortals \*cough\*).
Brave Nine is... 9 units at a time.
Crysaor with Decimate while I level Grand Io to 100. Two sources of elemental-advantage nukes and 5 free slots to level characters. Once Io hits 100, I don't know if the one max-character will annoy me. Maybe I'll go back to on-element parties.
I don't know if I'm just on a hot streak or the drop rate got buffed, but doing my daily ex+'s has dropped a \*ton\* of selfies the last month.
You have the two Levi Daggers they gave out? Then two more from pendant shop this month and that's actually a better grid than I farmed my first Xeno Scythe with. So it can be done. My team back then was Weapon Master + Silva + Charlotta + Story Kat. Strat was double burst and tank until cooldowns / meters were ready gain. Was kind of slow going and you can probably do something better with Lyria / Aquors / flex even.
To make them, go to Draw Settings -&gt; Auto-Settings -&gt; Auto Exp Reserve. Instead of giving you the weapons int he box, they'll end u being put into a reserve pool, when you hit certain limits you'll get a Chalice. Which can be used in the power-up section of the upgrade screen. It basically saves you the tedium of manually taking angel weapons out of your crate and feeding them 20 at a time to a weapon (each Chalice is 30k exp).
It can be either, this guy has quite the track record though. So I'm not inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Conversely we laugh at all the idiots on lowlight reels and get jealous that they made it on pure athleticism.
The glass half-full\* response would be that this time around the democratic base is going to be really motivated to come out, unlike for Hillary. Of course Biden is just soooo old. That the pessimist in me wonders if he really can rally the people. Also, the double pessimist in me remembers how far away November is for this stuff to fade away (even though it really shouldn't as a society we can't just turn the page on this). &amp;#x200B; In any case, interesting story out today that Trump is actively trying to rally evangelicals who've been growing tired of him. That's why he had the national guard pepper spray, flash bang and shoot the crowd outside the White House. Although, I wonder which intrepid reporter will find and interview the priests/church staff that also got shot and pepper sprayed since they cleared the entire path to the church.
The rural vote was a big part of the puzzle. But, another piece was how effective the Trump campaign was at discouraging minorities from coming out for Clinton (views on Russia's role in this matter is not something I want to touch lol). Micro targeting and winning electorates by the smallest minority to bypass the popular vote, those are technically the rules. But obviously never been exploited to this extent (every other minority president has at least been close enough to say, ya I guess that's fine).
I mean F2P can't get a refund for their gems through google. Only paid gems can do that.
Heir of Light
DragonSky is an idle game that launched a few months ago. All about dragons (not just a name).
He was barely dribbling between shots too. Definitely seemed to be taking it easy.
But as mentioned there's nothing that'll protect a second wave in Sweden. Their chief epidemiologist predicted a 15-20% antibody rate before they test results were in. Well they came in and showed half that (7. something %). Which is basically in line with what Spain and other countries that did lock down have.
&gt;While Sweden can actually not go in lockdown and come up with even less casualties as they had this spring because they achieved a somewhat better immunity compared to other European countries. Not according to the most recent studies: [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/05/28/upshot/coronavirus-herd-immunity.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/05/28/upshot/coronavirus-herd-immunity.html) &amp;#x200B; Logically thinking this is obvious, even if you go by the mildest mortality estimate multiplied by the most conservative herd immunity estimates (60-70% is the number I see cited a lot), we'd be talking about orders of magnitude more death than they've suffered.
&gt;I'm kind of stuck in a rut with my fire team and I'm looking for any advice on team setups, particularly for GW NM. I have a 3 Ixaba primal grid and these are my current SSR characters. What line ups have you been using? You're missing Alaanan though, so there's one meta comp you can still try out. If none of the current comps are fun for you, there's always hope for Monk to open things up with Magisa, Grea, flex (maybe Tsubasa).
As the other guy said, it's quite flexible, but the core components are going to be Qilin Bow, ULB DO and Scales of Dominion. If you're one of those Hades Stamina is a joke people, then Gisla is core too.
As one newspaper said: the police response to the protests are just proving the need for said protests. It's really sad. On one hand you can say it's finally exposing the systemic issues, but on the other it's not so easy to change everyone out wholesale.
&gt;Whether the criticism belongs in a BLM thread or not is precisely what we're talking about here. The context of this very thread is Fertitta contrasting supporting the current protests and trying to pretend he was right for opposing what Morey said.
&gt;Does GBF always have a Halloween re-run around this time? I was very surprised to see this banner today, but I've seen nobody talk about it here. I don't recall them doing it last year, but they did announce that seasons would be easier to get in the future, aka available more than once a year.
If I remember the past few years, free rolls happen during the middle/start of summer, then there's one last banner with a bunch of seasonals at the end of summer. So it's a bit of a choice if you want the free-rolls or wait for them to finish releasing summer characters.
Lol ya the wall looks perfectly fine to me... maybe video too low res or something.
Just don't let this guy pick the cutouts: [https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/01/sport/nrl-cardboard-cutout-adolf-hitler-fox-news-matty-johns-spt-intl/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/01/sport/nrl-cardboard-cutout-adolf-hitler-fox-news-matty-johns-spt-intl/index.html)
It would be fascinating if the conclusion to the ultra-small ball experiment was that wear-and-tear not actually basketball tactics is why it can't win a championship (which the Rockets going deep wouldn't necessarily prove, but would come close). Like would we just see teams rearranging their bench to have guys soak up more minutes in the regular season? It's definitely easier to find quality guards than bigs, so if you dedicated to not having bigs on the roster (save a few), you could probably get some good depth.
That's the thing, in his original apology he basically claimed ignorance and pledged to learn more. But now that he doesn't have to fight for his job, it's not a mistake huh?
That’s why they always have that one random summer unit in March!
Then i pull Jericho. Trying to remember if I really saw Meliodas getting owned by the monster... or did I imagine that?
I was a few weapons short of Meteora to add garrison during water GW, made me sad. Also back when water mechanic was a thing, I always wondered when I'd get my last Silva to uncap her rifle (with MC ca cap up at 4\*!).
Especially with Earth adv GW coming up next.
It even becomes a shield to hide behind. Racist liberals always talk about how they can’t be racists because of how progressive they are.
Slightly related, there was a fire trial character that was infamously released as a dark character instead (Zeta)...
The baha dagger will beat erichthonius for hp. You'd likely replace an AES for the Shiva sword actually, or maybe even the Astral so you don't have two ex mods. Also, if you can tweak your line-up to baha sword you'll squeeze a little more cosmic synergy there haha.
I upvoted you but I still updated the game and logged in to get my freebies lol... The pretty art is too irresistible sometimes. Also, I'm early, but look a new side story format. So they did something other than cut and replace this time.
Philly always drafted at the top of the lottery where the supposed can't miss prospects were. No one's taking Giannis as a project top-5. Conversely, he wasn't going to fall to the second round where Philly was loading up on picks and doing most of their polishing diamonds work. Maybe if they ever tried it again, they'd do better to target late lottery and late first round? I think Hinkie intentionally did not want late first rounders due to the guaranteed money, thinking that a second rounder was just as good. But you could argue that the talent drop off between 25-35 is pretty significant.
&gt;(is it even worth it if one unit is left out?) Ultima synergy is usually worth it if you can hit 3/4 members. Ultima's are getting phased out lately though, so you might want to go all-in on the hollowsky. I find the hollowsky much easier to farm than Ultima too (but more time consuming). &amp;#x200B; Water hollowsky teams I play Lumberjack a lot. Bonus is, Rising Force OTK matches too (although you don't get that much supplemental damage with low click set-ups). You can also go with Warlock for more offense and if Lily isn't enough sustain (or you want to swap her out) Sage is a pretty good option too; usually for more solo content. &amp;#x200B; Edit: missed that you were asking for Dark classes. Lucha and Soldier are the racing classes, in which case they just burst and leave (or die) before cooldowns become a real problem. I rarely play Dark these days so I'm not sure what the more general classes end up being, but I like playing GloryBringer with Xeno Katana.
Do you really think everyone replying to you is the same guy or something?
That reminds me, Hercules rules the Proving Ground leader boards since those are about Damage per turn rather than second.
Forgot Sacred Standard has data. It’s sometimes a controversial weapon in this sub though lol.
Last year was the only year he’s done that right? I don’t remember him being much of a shooter on the Nets or Lakers.
Right, Highlander still uses it since you need all the massive mods you can get, probably should have specified since Titan is a unique case.
David Geffen comes to mind, he's always donating to UCLA even though he never went there. Although, fact checking myself on Wiki, he used to tell people he did lol.
&gt;He's actually completed a full inventory page a few months ago. He even +99-ed them... he's definitely got some sort of complex lol.
I run Lumberjack (DO / Xeno MH) / Dante / Mahira / Magisa with a Hollowsky Staff. You won't cast Mahira's potions, but you get refresh/armored and random heals from Woodcutter's Song. Then Dante just does cat things. Caveat: it can't quite solo Ca Ong or Europa, so that requires a bit of baby sitting (or might be my grid, it's missing katanas still).
Figures, he's good at everything (and likely my next 5\* eternal).
If you're just hunting blue chests, single windhose should be enough (\~300k honors I think?). Although, my ping is fast enough that I do my Alex hunting with Nio (apply Coma, auto / refresh until coma wears off, chain burst, enjoy blue chest).
We need a Ghost in the Shell game.
Wow, never seen that before. Now I’m wondering what are the odds the fire GW boss will do AoE auto / specials versus being completely abused by Rein. No middle ground in my predictions lol.
So do we give any credit to the early 2000 Sonics in this? They were smeared as a hopeless jump shooting team back then, but both Rashard Lewis and Ray Allen would go on and make pretty important contributions to later teams on this list. Lewis in particular being a stretch 4 waaaaay before it was in style and actually making his 3's unlike Antoine Walker (the only other PF I remember regularly shooting them back then).
&gt;Even if you unlucky and pull the remaining 3, it is still pretty much usable. That reminds me; I really wonder what they're going to do for Crest 4\* uncap this month.
My original suspicion was Satyr was going to be key somehow. Unclearable debuff spam on nm100/150 maybe? We’ll see I guess.
It is travesable for normal people, but not easy or safe. There’s a free quest you’ll unlock later that has you rescuing a stranded trading ship so the implication I took is that other than a few special individuals it’s just something rare, but possible to do. Also I wouldn’t assume that just because Phntagarande and Nahlegrande are cut off that Oarleygrande is too.
Well when you ya good post play still in the game you could easily expect to get 60+% from 2. That’s a lot harder for 3 point shooter to out efficient (especially under the old rules where and-1’s on the perimeter rarely happened). I dunno about the wing players taking 20 footers though; that was a big part of the game too lol.
It's pretty amazing that you tied those things together...
I’d honestly be happy with a more reliable burned proc. I’m not expecting too much but I have to comment on everyone saying the MH requirement will never be removed cuz of Arkansas, blah blah. But why do they all have to be the same? Right now we have RotB which very much follows the model of the first weapon doing one thing (ciphers), while the second weapon does something else (gimmicky positional effects). Xeno could very well follow that 5* model.
Question that's been bugging me doing my GW prep. I see a lot of nm 90 OTK videos where they cap def down on the dummy, but that's not representative of the actual nm90 def right? Or does 90 actually have the same def as the dummy?
&gt;an assistant coach, No opinion on the attitude part, but I can totally see how his flaws weren't exposed as an assistant coach. Basically all his lowlights have to do with game management, which he just seems pretty incapable of doing. Then the interpersonal breakdowns... it's a lot easier to piss off players when you're at the top. When you're number two or so, people tend to brush it off in my experience anyways.
Thanks, for some reason I thought it had 14/15 def.
Hmm, ok. Well I'll set something comfortably clears 40k and hope it's enough then. Non-ougi comp, so if it has to be an easy 2-turn clear not the end of the world.
Alrite, current tests are pretty comfortably over 40mil, so I'll assume that'll work until proven otherwise lol.
Nagging injuries, poor conditioning and lack of motivation are a deadly combo.
That makes sense, that’s how everyone ended up with so much cap space a few years back after all.
Zion posterizing AD, what more could Silver want?
Pretty sure none of those things are enabled. If you want to see the story you can probably find play throughs on YouTube.
I think ESPN has the Big O top-10, which they certainly didn’t in any previous all time list I’ve seen from them lol. Russ really did wonders for his reputation.
I have Aoidos at 96 and he’s basically 100% uptime in his self hype. Doesn’t feel like his lvl 100 S1 enhancement will need that much help to maintain hype party-wide. Can’t wait to finish leveling him and trying the combo. Also faster ramp up of hype stacks means there’s no such thing as overkill when it comes to hype buffs too.
They count as different weapons; they gain new weapon ids when the cipher is applied (which is why you have to go through the hassle of unfavoriting / unequiping them).
I think they usually alternate, so we should be due another ring whenever they decide to modify the shop.
A while back I remember talking with some Texas fans about how Dallas and Houston were each basically persona non-grata for competing agents. Like it was very clear if you were with agent A, Dallas would have no shot and with agent B, Houston would have no shot. I forget the names and players involved though... But there were similar rumblings that Kupchak has similar issues in LA, though now that it's Rob Pelinka running things I don't know how that changes the agent relationships. In any case, it's kind of an open secret that this is how a lot of the NBA works I thought? I'd have to listen to the podcast to see if it's a matter of severity I guess. &amp;#x200B; For what it's worth, when I really followed college basketball; it was very much the same thing with AAU teams affiliated with shoe companies steering their recruits to universities sponsored by the shoe companies. Outside the normal, assistant coaching positions for AAU coaches, brothers or famous recruits. Cushy admin jobs for player parents... NCAA is really slimy lol.
Also, the Lakers rescuing KCP twice in free agency, then getting Klutch's two biggest clients in the next 3 years. I think that one every chalks up to LeGM, but it's basically the same thing right?
I wish I had a link handy, but there was a research paper a few years back comparing the cost of voting - in terms of voter registration fees - to the outlawed poll taxes of the Jim Crow era. Guess what? Inflation adjusted it costs more to vote now than the poll taxes declared unconstitutional. It's amazing how this sort of stuff goes unchallenged now. Not to mention the gall for some elected official to re-brand racists voter suppression tactics and try to claim they are not racist of course.
If I remember that team right, they were actually pretty fast pace for the era. Their offensive strategy was to run every chance they got. Then work it in the half court if no opportunity for a break... So basically, they picked up cheap baskets cuz they couldn't buy a bucket otherwise lol. But they ran a lot.
Grids are just too crowed, when they were core DO didn't exist and Cosmic grids weren't a thing anymore. Among other changes too. Long story short, they just don't add enough (especially with weapon prof restrictions) compared to the other end-game options.
I was just reminded by your post/flair about all the web of Klutch players around LA lately is all. I do remember the CAA talk with the PG13 recruitment too, since D-Lo was with CAA. Probably did have some effect, but you never know I suppose.
I blame the step back. All sorts of weird jump stops don't get called anymore (although in the slow-mo it's a walk not a jump stop even lol).
&gt;Yeah, Best to avoid those pointless macro grinding games I started referring to these games as jealous gacha games. They monopolize your screen so you can't open anything else even if there's no actual gameplay going on.
Or decline that trade in the first place.
My cursory research for felon re-franchisement was that it was pretty wide-spread, not just Florida. But like you said it's all up in the air legally speaking, so I don't know if those articles are already out of date.
First line had me assuming this was going to be about Coronatourism, but it turns out to be about All Lives Mattering.
It's already been cleared up that it's not the dev but the casting call that got removed. But why are you calling the dev a whistleblower? They're the ones hiring and paying for the VAs not CR.
Once you get your 5th AES you won’t have room for both ex weapons. Arguably you should already have it in grid even at 0* though.
So was the comparison Octo with Mahira and Ba'al versus Sarasa with Mahira and Ba'al? Or Octo unbuffed? I haven't seen that screen, but that was basically the retort someone gave when I said Sarasa is pretty bad now - that if you give her all the buffs and echos she craps out damage. But honestly that's true of all attackers, so I'm not too convinced. I don't have Ba'al, but I do have Mahira FLB. I can confirm that Mahira alone doesn't make Sarasa an OP attacker (my team was Mahira, Halle, Sarasa). It's possible she needs a different grid to flourish. Way back in the day people would throw in a single enmity mod into an M2 grid for Sarasa / Ayer. I don't know that there's enough room anymore to do that, but maybe you need something like that to take advantage of her undying buff and play her more aggressive? I don't know.
So ya, the middle pick is build a team around her and make her shine. That seems obvious though. The right one is interesting, I don't see numbers like that when I solo Neptune. But I don't have the advantage of dummy damage logging to say for sure. Although, thinking back I kill Nepture before T10, so I don't get the crazy 3-tiger burst. Would love to know what I'm missing here though. I don't see how right screen keeps up with middle without Ba'al's TA buff (and echoes).
All those guys with old Shiva x Shiva grids are ready to make a come back!
I didn't expect an hp mod; that's kind of welcome actually since lately as a magna pleb, I've been feeling the lack of durability on harder content. Pleasantly surprised how easy the mats to craft are. I don't anticipate the trophy being too difficult either given how burst water is nowadays. However, I'm still really sad that the Burn on Ougi didn't get buffed. Was it really that OP to let this guy self-proc?
Ya they seem to want to run between UnF. I guess so that you don't have to wait too long for gold bar-ing the eternal. Also the eternal unlock pack..
Don't forget all the fees they get charged, like having to rent books from the library and other BS like that...
It's actually not an assassin skill at all, just ougi cap up. I was also confused, and thought you guys were talking about using her new S1 to add amplified damage to her Ougi. But the amp damage is auto-attack only. In any case, she certainly puts out surprising amounts of damage on dummies now. I'm not convinced just yet that it's representative against things that hit back. But maybe it is? Would love a bigger thread to geek on out her rebalance down the line since she was my first 5\*. So I'm not against her being good at all lol. Maybe by the time we do the Earth GW pre-discussions people will have more firm data on where she stands.
Maybe my perception is skewed cuz the only other grids I've been working on lately are Varuna and cosmic sword chev.
So highlander is all the rage right now, and most people say you either go 1 Gisla highlander or 3+ Gislas. If you have more Gislas, that would take Majestas slot in easy content, or Ultima in hard content. Couse you'd need a new main hand, so change your Xeno for a PG / Astral fist, (which you arguably should do for both scenarios anyways). If you only have 2 Gislas, then for now you'd just swap one for a Scales of Dominion until you get more.
Holiday Magisa always seemed underrated. She's kind of terrible for racing, so that'll cap her rating of course. But she's quite good at everything else, solo content, super charges ougi comps. Rareish healer in Earth. I'm thinking of a DO LJ comp to see if she makes Sarasa better than my first impression of her. Just haven't gotten around to it, with the current lack of Water things I feel like killing now (other than Ca Ong).
She's a really strong Full Auto character with shorter than they look skill cycles, a non-green heal and CA spec up (since FA teams ougi more than you normally would, especially if playing fire). She also matches hollowsky prof for the premier FA class - LJ. Given all that, it's easy to forget, you can go ahead and use her in normal play too and be pretty safe. Her debuffs are quite handy and on full auto she wastes a lot of heal/ougi so there's a lot of optimization possible. Will definitely be trying her on my first GW NM100 team. So far I've been running her FA with Mugen and Shiva since Shiva appreciates the meter and Mugen does Mugen things. I think for manual / hard play I'l give the hype duo a whirl with her (why is lvl 100 so far away still? I really don't want to slime).
If I’m not mistaken Vajra chest is a guaranteed one, just random contents. So really just wanpan away unless you can race for red chests.
Funny that they all hold the highest law enforcement positions in the US government huh?
&gt;The weapon's useful even if it's not a mainhand though? Should be worth saying that the Xeno Axe will be your BiS main hand for a long time.
Just in case, don't forget to grab a Qilin bow while RotB is up. Also here's a more in-depth guide for hades highlander: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVgsYI710FVml4vNyTC4B3VtFTZFvOLVu9bXl-Y2-RE/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KVgsYI710FVml4vNyTC4B3VtFTZFvOLVu9bXl-Y2-RE/edit)
1% is kind of hilarious actually.
&gt;Edit: Why are people downvoting you? Probably anger over his other non-serious troll comment lol.
It's more than it takes to get a True Xeno weapon. It's just a lot to do if you end up doing it on top of grinding out Xeno weapons. Summon drop rate is also much worse than weapon drop rates. Personally, I've just been running the raid on full auto after taking the \~10 minutes to 5\* my Scythe. So it's pretty easy for end-game players and people who already have their true xenos. But I'm not going to be heartless to the newbs lol. Also, I know the summon sucks, but I have OCD and nothing else to do in game now, so background FA it is. Oh, also xp and summons for quartz are very welcome.
Is in in your time limited stash? Rusted Katanas aren’t a gauranteed drop so if you have everything else you just got unlucky.
Fraux isn’t so useful for OTK (ex+ or nm 90). So if that’s your route to 29 boxes then not her. But you don’t need Alanaan to OTK either of them , so don’t feel constrained to get him (my NM90 OTK will be Glory, Shiva, Yuisis/Anila, Lyria)
Fraux is much better for FA. I messed up my astra count, and was short of 400 (let alone 416) after 5\*'s both Devil and Sun. So I'm waiting to see what the NM boss looks like before I pull the trigger on my evoker. I assume you're in a similar situation. If so, I'd just wait a few days before pulling the trigger. It's not like it'll take long to hit lvl 80 on whoever anyways.
&gt;1/ Is drop rate boots and Kaguya affect to TE HL for farming AES? Nope, TE HL drops AES in a 100% gold chest, red chest and share chest. &amp;#x200B; &gt;2/ For the next GW, should I replace all my AES 0 star to Colos Canes 3 stars for OTK? If you still have all those canes, then yes do it. If not and you'll have to farm / skill-up. Then it depends if you think you'll be able to OTK with a cane grid, otherwise just stick with AES. Also don't forget awakenings when you settle on an OTK line-up.
&gt;I’m using this grid with the fire harp dream meme team, been quite fun with all their buffs. https://i.imgur.com/NYgWIQK.jpg What summons are you using? 4 ex mods seems excessive unless you're doing something like double shiva or devil x shiva
He accepted her early enough to help raise her at least. Jobs also had a really complicated issue with family over his own adoption you could say.
&gt;Almost certain it would give me the boost I need to grind Ifrit. Um, you'd use a water grid to grind Ifrit, so the Xeno Scythe wouldn't help. Unless you mean a Xeno Harp for your water team?
Event summons almost never get a 4\* uncap after the fact. The only one I can think of that happening was [https://gbf.wiki/Dragon\_Knights](https://gbf.wiki/Dragon_Knights) which got it when the event was added to side stories. So from that stand point I'd say you're pretty safe. If you are OCD, did you buy out the shop already? That's what I do, reduce the free 3\* and leave the shop untouched "just in case".
&gt;comparing to my other elements (all running M1 grids) doing 2M or more. I'll assume you're running the same MC for those elements too? If so then it'll come down to specific line-ups and buffs. The M1 grids are all about the same power (except Dark and Wind with enmity are much stronger). If you are using different MC classes, then keep in mind that each class has different attack stats (which mostly stop mattering when you hit HL / buy EMP skills).
Go for AES, you'll pick up ES weapons along the way, which are very easy to mix with any Ixabas gacha blesses you with, at which point it's an easy transition to Agni. AES / ES grids are comparable to chain grids, so I wouldn't commit to the prom grind either (other than to get one prom staff).
It's not like Gun characters have this mechanic though just Ilsa (who's also bow spec, but since they're called bullets and she uses a gun...) and Eustace (depending on what you consider loaded stacks).
&gt;Are the featured items worth a spark? Would you recommend drawing during the current Premium draw (which ends 2020-06-20 18:59 JST)? So any thoughts on this one? I've been saving to double spark summer (once during discounts, once during final banner). But who knows if the summer characters even tempt me that much (I also plan to spark Halloween since I can't not have Zeta any longer). Draw/crystal wise I'm on track for that. But something about Pengy makes me think I might regret not sparking her come GW.
Usually he's just downvoted out of view. He's finally getting the attention he wants lol.
&gt;I have a feeling Fire Harp will see some use this GW as long as the boss doesn't spam dispels, but if the boss does... Well I'd have to make some adjustments. If it does, then there's always the Fire Staff team to fallback on: Dark Opus LJ, Teena, flex, flex, Flaretato backline. &amp;#x200B; I've been procrastinating quite a bit and Aoidos is still lvl 99, or I'd start trying this out myself (was planning to see how Yuel fits here too for manual play).
&gt;2) Apsaras/Vira/Shiva/Anila How do you like Vira here? I'm only missing Fire and Light Viras to complete my collection. My Siero ticket is really leaning towards her... (or Visachan).
Cuz chances are most people don't even have an Ultima Harp. People probably have a Hollowsky Staff, which is more lenient on proficiency and opens up a lot of good non-Harp characters to throw in.
&gt;The Aoidos/Anthuria setup was surprisingly \~25%/three minutes slower. This doesn't surprise me. Both Rein and Fraux actually have nukes, plus Rein grants lots of bonus damage (via S2, especially on Grim). While Anthuria / Aoidos are purely off their auto/ougi damage. Aoidos doesn't have enough cap-up to bridge the difference. BTW, from my still preliminary testing this is the same conclusion I'm starting to reach with Halle vs Threo. Halle beats Theo on all the auto/ougi damage, but Threo has much more nuke/bonus damage. &amp;#x200B; &gt;I think a lot of people using Mugen don't realize how much less damage you deal as a party by using Mugen non-blue, even with his team buffs. It just isn't worth it. Good tip, I haven't messed around with Mugen enough, but will try him in different FA line-ups for nm95/100/150.
Can't go wrong with Anila / Athena / Shiva even if you don't have any spear boosters. Yuisis and Sieg are also worth a look to mix in for different types of content.
GW is a pretty big sink. But from what I recall, 40 boxing is still around 500-600 pots. I'm currently sitting over 10x that amount lol.
He admitted it was all a bluff and that he wouldn't have been able to stand not playing by sitting out.
The shop will stick around too under the events tab.
I opened up expecting to see a Water team, what a surprise to see a Dark Stamina team lol. I do have a Bahamut, Fallen Sword and Unheil... been looking for an excuse to make a highlander grid. How critical would you say V. Dokkan is, since I don't have her?
Self assassin with TA/ echoes ; team assassin with TA / echoes on T10 mean she’s pretty much the queen of all burstable content. Since Fire doesn’t run turtle comps you may as well add that she’s the premier attacker that’ll fit anywhere too. So, you’ll see her all over the PG and GW leaderboards barring some really strange cheese. Not much else to say about her other than pairing her with Bandit Tychoon means 100% onslaught uptime for her passive bonus damage, which why not? Actually that is the thing that interests me in her beyond being an attacker. It’s a 100/10 crit buff which means Hollosky Bow anyone? Rackham is actually pretty good now and S Ilsa is this weird support / attacker hybrid so it can work with a selfish MC in bandit Tychoon. Been busy with other elements (and now Monk comps) so sadly haven’t given this enough run to make any conclusions yet.
The original announcement made it seem like it (outright said?) that the character came alone. So I had the same misconception, nice surprise though huh?
It's the rare police union statement that doesn't sound like some movie villain speech.
It's already happening for college football teams. I don't know what kind of OTAs there were having for that to happen since all colleges are closed right now. Football team culture with a coach absolute dictator always felt off to me. Maybe the fact that I had to edit that last sentence several times to be less racially loaded is why.
I think the verdict is already in that there can be severe long term damage to the lungs. I was reading about some of the bleeding / clotting issues the other day. Not too sure but I'd imagine that's not damage you just bounce back when the virus clears up too.
As much as I hate to say it, you'd have to give it time to see for sure. We're only now able to definitively see the post-Memorial Day spikes.
&gt;I think this was reasonable, Yes but the Surgeon Generally literally berating people on twitter for buying masks saying "they don't work" was not reasonable.
Perk really will do anything for attention these days. Isn't that the very definition of a sell out? lol
The standing ovation for Elia Kazan comes to mind too.
Also, pretty sure US hospitality workers have more protection / rights than &lt;random African country ship is flagged to&gt; offers to cruise ship workers.
Can linger on surfaces though. I guess the mask and glove thing will prevent that from happening.
&gt; I think the Gran Destino, where the bucks/lakers/clippers are staying. Imagine the conspiracy theories if outbreaks happen at the other hotels.
KD was worth it.
If you remember the first year there was fear that KD broke his leg late in the season. Turned out to be a bone bruise. But before that was known, an insightful article came out arguing this was basically the reason they gutted the bench for KD but in reverse. Two superstars was insurance in case one got hurt. But like you pointed out, the secondary effect was you couldn't really afford to lose Iggy / Klay / Draymond since they didn't have the same back-up. Team building is hard lol.
I wish I had F. Metera. That line-up does seem more exciting than the one I can run.
My assumption from reading the patch was she was nerfed. Then running Neptune solos she felt awful so I assumed I was right. Then I saw some counter opinions and videos, so I took ran a few time against a dummy and she beat the pants off Halle after 10 turns (no ultimate even, obviously with ultimate she destroys everyone on damage). \*But\* the huge caveat is that she takes damage easier than Halle (especially if you use GZ ever) and she lacks self-buffs for the most part. So on stamina grids she can drop off pretty fast. Halle even taking damage has her self stacking buff to keep her damage output. Once Fire GW is over, I'll probably start focusing more on Earth comps to see if my first or second impression about Halle is correct. But she doesn't seem nerfed to the ground yet anyways.
And rising lol
You just need 50 more fragments, up to you if you want to fully upgrade a weapon (not recommended) or get 10 ele changed ones. It is a little weird that the fate episodes did not unlock with the free eternal, but you aren't required a fully upgrade a weapon to uncap to 5\*.
&gt;https://imgur.com/a/EWWAM2Z &amp;#x200B; Not a lot, if you have Agni or demi-Agni imo start farming ES and leave Colo behind.
Prelims are over now, time to slack. To be useful, for everyone still trying to work something out with Colo grids; Devil grids are really rediculous for OTK. Like my no-gacha Devil highlander* (that’s a mouthful) is consistently (fails less than once / 20 roils) able to OTK NM. It’s amazing. Also amazing is Shiva’s crit rng his output literally swings by a million+ depending on his criting I didn’t think he had that many crit nodes. Also, Lightning Strike turns the MC into a total monster with the amplified damage (+Astral). Just feels right for Fire to be using an an Axe and for Apsaras to shine again after being dumped by everyone for LJ lol. \* also 4* DO and Astral
What Mh are you using for Monk?
&gt;At Level 95 - New Support Skill, "Glitter of the Seven Jewels" - Healing ~~cap~~ specs (thanks, u/Van24) for Light allies is increased based on the number of Aurora Crests, works from the backline. That's a really crappy crest effect. I'm a bit disappointed. Rest looks usable for medium-ish fights where you want mitigation without going all-in on a defensive character at least.
I can't wait to see if Monk CCWs will follow the LJ / Cavalier trend of no emblems. If so might we see a rebalance of old CCWs (or maybe new ones)? So maybe this hypothetical isn't so crazy (or I'm just up too late grinding tokens).
Just a first impression, we’ll see. And as always depends on the numbers as this is the first time we’ll get heal from crests.
&gt;4840 every 7 turns is more than what Grand Katalina gives you, although dispel cancel/veil is certainly better than charge bar/crest. But eh, limited vs starter SSR. So, you're talking the power of her total healing. Not her healing from crests, which is the effect under discussion. Ignore her crest effect and she still heals 4400 every 7 turns (with her support skill). I get the feeling a lot of people are looking at it like that: Light has big healers ergo this crest is amazing. When it's just Light has big healers full stop.
Yes, because Water currently is the only team that builds around crests with SCag and Macula. Also Lily if the fight is tough enough. Edit: phrased that backwards it's because water uses a lot of characters who happen to have crests, so it's 'free' synergy
&gt;True story. Not my story but that of someone I know who works for the DOE. They've reported her but she's still in the classroom teaching low-income minority students.... I believe your story and the effect it has on kids. It's really tragic too. I remember sharing a report I read about the development of STEM skills in Western countries. Around middle school girls lose interest in STEM despite outperforming boys on average in elementary school. The study was trying to nail down reason for this since that same loss of interest didn't happen in Eastern countries. Then a girl I knew was like, "You know what? When I was in honors math the teacher pulled me aside and told me I just didn't have an aptitude for math, so I changed subjects." This was despite her getting an A.
Nope, but I keep hoping. The damage reduction ones aren't bad, but the nature of crest stacking generally makes them less OP than they sound. In any case, this started with me saying her crest passive is bad, so...
AoE damage, one easy way is a summon call. Or you can hit it enough to exhaustthe mirror image stacks.
You might also consider moving some plus marks. I've been too chicken to rely on only LJ for sustain, but trying your team with a similar grid cut me from 16-18 turns to 11. Who needs sustain when you just kill the boss huh?
Question about eternals. Is there any date/ballpark estimate when 6\* will come out? Also, is Octo really getting phased out of Earth meta? I don't have Naru or Vazeta. I'm either going to make him or Siete this GW.
Cool, I'll stick with Octo then since dirt GW is coming next.
&gt;Apparently Rhein can be useful lol, No attacks for 3 turns then giant nuke will do wonders for speed I imagine.
I feel you, I was pretty lazy \*until\* my OTK team derped during prelims. So in came the plus marks lol. Now I feel the team you suggested is close to 10 turns, so here come the rest of the plus marks. &amp;#x200B; Edit: I R dumb, calling Sun before letting FA do it's magic shaves a turn off, so easy 10 turns now, 9 if I get some crit luck.
When the game was asking me if I wanted to skip the tutorial followed by the prerelease notice I honestly thought I was going to be able to play the tutorial then be gated until servers opened. Imagine my surprise when it's completely off for a few more days. Like how hard would it have been to let me learn the game completely locally to my phone to build some hype while I wait?
Can you unlock LJ? The S1 healing should be enough to get you by even before you max the class out.
&gt;That's a sad story and I'd completly understand if he's completly bitter right now, he's lost A LOT of money because he chose to play hurt. I recall that off-season he admitted to not fully understanding what the doctors were telling him. I would say his agent really let him down since he's supposed to look out for his future well-being and earnings.
&gt;I could unlock LJ then, problem is that I'll stop the GW grind for a while to boost up the class. Or maybe that's a good thing for a change You can boost up the LJ on NM 95 using just the S1 for heals, then bring two subskills. I doubt the missing passives and extra EMP skill will cause you to wipe. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Edit: Aw crap. It just occurred to me that Lumberjack isn't Spear, so do I have to remove my Ultima Spear or maybe I should keep it for Shiva / Athena / Anila / Zeta? I kept the Spear since 3/4 coverage is still good and Shiva \*really\* likes extra data (so does Zeta).
I was thinking of running elysian for NM100, but I never got around to finding a good MH (ran out of Quartz for DO, didn't consider an Ultima Harp). So really cool to see it this! Still probably not going to make an Ultima though...
Also SSRs with Aoidos and Altair finally getting events (albeit Altair not so forgotten).
Lol, the last quote: Reporter: "I've never heard him say he's a Laker fan". &lt;Proceeds to start new PG Quote with "I grew up a Laker and Clipper fan."&gt; &amp;#x200B; Basically PG just seemed a fan of California teams, which makes sense since he didn't grow up in LA. Having lived there for a long stretch, most people from the surrounded counties \*really\* hate being lumped in as LA folks.
I remember the Dray to LA rumors because of it too. I wonder how that would turn out. Someone to do the defensive dirty work so LeBron can take some reps off or would it sour like Harden and CP3?
Did the kids ever catch on that they didn't go to Disneyland at all? Or did he end up rebooking.
She used to be a staple for blasting bosses with her guaranteed triples and echos. Then you had a pretty good defensive S1 (albeit subject to rng) to let you mash without bringing dedicated defense (which would slow down your burst). Unfortunately, I haven't found a place to fit her in this GW yet. Maybe for nm100 she can make a comeback with Esser and speed mash to T10.
I recall both Rudy and Donovan were asymptotic at first then started reporting symptoms. Nothing serious though.
You are correct. Also Anila has many separate buffs with the same icon, so I don't think Elil can actually dispel all of them even if it's the only thing on your party.
2 hours after the 4 billion dollar thread being filled with "and they can't spend any money updating the game" jokes. They sure act fast.
WInd / Water / Earth all have easy to get harps that work great as MH (Astral or Grim / Xeno / Xeno or DO respectively). So that leaves Fire / Dark / Light, I'll list the options for you to decide for yourself. Light F2P only has the seraphic, which might not be up to your tastes. Dark's best harp is Gacha (Unheil), or the Qilin Harp. Fire typically doesn't do ougi comps, but if you want, they're best harps is Gacha (Kerak) or the Draconic. Distant third is Zhuque Harp.
1 turn ex.
Everyone saying it's about Kawhi, but really this is about Doc having flashbacks to losing Tim Duncan over his 'no family on charter flights' rule. &amp;#x200B; ([https://orlandomagicdaily.com/2018/02/18/grant-hill-confirms-doc-rivers-rule-helped-cost-orlando-magic-tim-duncan/](https://orlandomagicdaily.com/2018/02/18/grant-hill-confirms-doc-rivers-rule-helped-cost-orlando-magic-tim-duncan/))
The only thing is I'm not sure if they still win in 2014 if they win in 2013. That 2014 team played with a huge chip on their shoulder after letting the finals slip away. The Spurs are a really professional team, so it's not like they would have taken it easy. But would they have taken it to the next level like they did? 2013-2014 is the only time they even made back-to-back finals after all.
Passing out of the double team used to be a really important post-up skill. Along with the re-post. You hardly see that anymore either.
You know how I know this isn't the official report? The dates are in order.
Antibodies are hard to detect for mild cases like you may have had. You didn’t have much virus so your body didn’t generate as much antibody to match (or something along those lines). Then there’s the concern/possibility that this could be like the common cold and any antibodies your body produces just fade out after a few weeks.
I was just listening to Rage Against the Machine yesterday. You should check out the music video for Testify.
He means 400k with echo (your scenario for Therese on a crap grid). Since that breaks down to 220k auto + 180k echo, in which case Sieg's 30% unique mod is only getting him to 290k. This is also a bit fuzzy with their different base stats too (Therese has 7.5% more attack). Course, Sieg will scale up better with a team-wide echo, but he's got a long way to go to reach the same output. The math for Sturm is a bit more complicated, since she has more buffs and way more attack than Therese. &amp;#x200B; I don't really see how higher defense will hurt Therese more than other attackers either?
&gt;An alternative to this entire concept, if your grid and characters are strong enough, is to just pummel the boss without caring about reapplying debuffs. Shiva deserves a special shout-out for unclearable 10% def down. It's basically the only FA option you have when hitting 50% faster than your cooldowns (I find sacc-ing someone at 50% pretty hard to time. Might be easier at nm 100 though).
So many removed comments, I'm going to guess they're from non-NBA folks wandering over lol.
&gt;5\* Draconic Harp I'm really low on fire quartz, but made sure I had enough left over to make this if necessary. But then 0 fire quartz also means no 5\* eternal... how tryhard do I want to go here.
&gt;inflicts 2.5T of Skill Sealed on all allies Ok... now this is a GW boss complete with super annoying mechanics. I guess Alaanan might really be the better backliner here. But no guaranteeing you get slashed around 50% to auto-cleanse skill seal. Edit: veil is also a thing I suppose
So my challenge today: no Athena, no Sieg. Really trying not to spend the quartz for draconic. Turns out Sturm is nice, but don't have her either. Never did switch to Agni, so can't throw in Kerak or Gansta Knives. So feels good to cobble together a 12-16 minute FA team: LJ - Teena - Percy - Anthuria (one-click to stance dance). Zahl in the backline for crest reduction. Started with the Aoidos / Anthuria template, but Anthuria in Silent Step means team hype is unreliable at best. So no team def-up and no point for Aoidos. Percy rebalance turns out to mean he has 20% accuracy up every time he tries to fear. I saw it landing throughout the fight, was surprisingly reliable. The sustain on this team is maybe a little overkill. They reach the 50% trigger at full hp. 3 turns of skill seal drops them pretty fast, but they recover. I tried to run Anthuria on Quick Tap and the team gets super inconsistent. Sometime even wipes before 50%, so not sure where I can swap defense for offense. But maybe this is good enough for work time afk runs. Final note on Teena - she can't blind the boss until 25%, but being able to burn and apply accuracy down is worth bringing her. 6/10 uptime and causes Elil to miss normal \*and\* specials? I'd bring Teena for that even without her healing or crest generation.
Also not bad in manual ougi comps I'm finding. Despite the calls that she's been gutted too.
Double colo, took gravity, mm, laughing logger. After posting this I either jinxed myself or something because I failed 3 straight (cleared 5 straight earlier without trouble). Each time was because I couldn't tank 3 turns without skills and lost people too early. So, the hp margins seem very strict. My crew was getting creamed all day yesterday so I probably didn't notice an underdog hp/attack buff (I spent attack / first officer bufftime to farm meat).
I thought it was Zeta at first too. I guess any blond that wears red clothes = Zeta now and forever to me (also pig tails).
I swapped out leaf burning for two reasons: anthuria's def-up has a higher cap and stacks faster. Also, the shield keeps MC from healing the team lol (and he's tankier than there rest of the team anyways).
Shout out Joachim Noah suing his shoe designer for ruining his feet.
&gt;Edit: different sources say his height is actually 6’4” One being retirement Barkley btw (he gets cut off at the end). [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_MKiqw7ZIMI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MKiqw7ZIMI)
&gt;Correct me if I'm wrong, but path of destruction has the same effect at 0\* and at 3\* right? Is Shiva a good enough investment of sunstones these days? He's an autoslot in any party regardless right? (Don't have bahamut/belial/lucifer) Same call at 0\* and 3\*. So no point in Sunstoning him until he gets an op 4\*. I'd save sunstones even if you don't have anything better to use them on, there's always Arcarum and you'll probably luck into something better sooner than you can get 3 more sunstones.
Ya, but players are coming from all over, so the timeline of who gets tested when isn't fixed (like Jokic is in Serbia still).
&gt;little silly to assume it's not acting like most every other type of Coronavirus, which would be around 2-3 years Was under the impression common cold corona viruses (the most common one by far) don't provide immunity nearly that long? Although, it's so closely related to SARS, that that's probably the most accurate comparison for predicting how it'll work.
Oh right, got confused. I wonder if there is a case of delayed intro -&gt; release then.
Now that you mention it, nm100 definitely takes so long even on manual that you're way past the breakpoint where crit capping with double colo beats Shiva.
Definitely a lot of promising athletes are held back a grade to get this effect too. I don't know if parents are also trying to push it naturally though.
Yup, go ham.
If Spear Cav had an AoE heal of some sort, I would have gladly used it. But my lack of Athena / Sieg meant I needed heals from LJ (or maybe not, was too lazy to try).
This only happens if she's in silent tap. I'd put money on it being due to a coding shortcut where they automatically put quick tap on her when she's brought into a fight.
&gt;Are either Earth eternal necessary to FA? Threo will kill herself on FA, so not recommended unless it's a short fight.
Oh man, I totally forgot Zeus throws up a 100% damage cut. What a troll way to end GW (even if unintended).
Interesting, that might be the situation where you'd run the harp grid then. I'd wait to hear from other people if it's actually a real thing though, but I suppose Crysaor (maybe? 57+% DA might negate Perseus) / Naru / Vazeta / Caim could pull it off.
Halle with 5 stacks has a stupid high TA chance that’s true. Forgot Zerker’s new skill is 4/5 uptime. And usually the down turn is when you unhold charge attacks, so that works for MC. Not too familiar with Lobelia, but he seems a weird fit in that team. Wouldn’t Caim copying Vazeta be better? Sounds like you have a lot of choices, but I’m guessing you’ll still need Alex anima, so no harm grinding that while the earth grids fully shake out.
&gt;Ok then, Im saving gacha for summer banner (hopefully can get spark, currently has 33k crystal + 106 tix , still around 10 unfinished sidestories left and tons of sidequests from mainstory) You're easily on track to spark. They'll be free rolls during summer to give you a discount if you're ok with them picking a banner for you (historically does overlap a 6% banner). If you want to wait until the final summer banner, that's more than enough time to get the last 84 draws.
Just 1 Gisla, 1 vagabond and Scales to outpace M2. The rest I think are correct.
The added stall on fear also turned out really nice. No more petrifying a boss with full diamonds and eating the ougi anyways. More than once the fear duration was more than enough to break Elil / push to the next HP trigger.
I was thinking this too. Then I realized ridiculous summer events have always been a thing (somehow I didn’t blink at dog powered paddle boats).
I'm lost, how do those work? Chrysler double ougi with Kaneshige = 26% meter, eternal wonder = 5%, Huanlgong main = 30%, Sarasa is only at 91%? Then for the Uriel comp, what's norcel and how does the Cav get to 100% to Ougi with the AK for def down?
Oh was just looking at emblem (been a while since I’ve used Kengo). Any ideas how the Cav set up works?
I’m sure some people assumed Amira got autocorrected lol
Naw more like throwing cosmic axe people another bone.
Old school hollowsky Axe team was Zerker / Chevira / Boar / Amira Didn’t last too long in popularity but I don’t see why you can’t try it.
Whoever's giving the presentation probably should have read the slides before the meeting started huh?
&gt;The main problem is that Titan has absolute no crit synergy, which is kind of annoying. A long time back there was this troll(?) Titan guide talking about Gallinarius as a great F2P option.... In any case I wonder if that author is still salivating about putting Leona in a grid full of these; [https://gbf.wiki/L%27Arc\_Qui\_ne\_Faut](https://gbf.wiki/L%27Arc_Qui_ne_Faut)
Rate Up is a lie, but grats on Chicken. She was my first spark in the game, and her 5\* is amazing.
Interesting that the first comment is how JP players don't trust the devs commercial practices... I thought the complaint was they kept changing things to screw over global players on monetization?
&gt; I'm super short on fire quartz right now though, since I need 200x4 for the Ixabas and 100 for the summon, then up to 500 more, if I want to do a primal opus, so it's gonna take me some time to build. Do your daily magna's for selfies. Empty your box of SR summons to reduce. Do all the relevant side stories. If you have pendants to spare, you can trade for them too. If you're still out of quartz then two really painful grinding sources: Shiva for a token amount of quartz ever so often and Ifrit Showdown for a chance of selfies on Extreme (pretty low chance).
