How is Liv Tyler as beautiful as she is when he dad is Steve Tyler? The man embodies the Eddie Murphy standup bit about singers getting massive amount of pussy because they can sing not because they're always male models.
Emma is gorgeous...but it seems like she thinks her books are wonky and needs to shift them sideways.
Emma is stunning. Period.
This is how the Black Widow should look...it's one of the tiny number of gripes I have about *Infinity War*, that she is gonna be blonde with a less than flattering haircut. Here? Here is perfection!
A fine example of genetic hybridization 😉
Wow...I think she is even more gorgeous here than her usual beautiful self. Must be the tank top. 😉
Jenna is living anime 😍
Definitely. Ming-Na Wen was pretty back in her early *ER* and *Street Fighter* days....she is an absolute smokeshow now. Forget about Asian women not raisining...she is a fine wine that improved with age 😊
Three gorgeous heroines. Oddly, this pic makes me still think Chloe being half-Chinese and half-Caucasian would have allowed Coulson and May to be her parents. The poses by Ming-Na Wen and Chloe Bennet in their second and third shots just call our "two generations of badass".
I've watched both, thank you. But yes, she does seem to have some minor issues with her speech at times...I just attributed it to her strong jawline making certain sounds more difficult to produce. Maybe there is some alignment issue we don't know about...maybe she broke her jaw when she was younger and it didn't heal 100% correctly.
Your boobies are great but I'm not gonna lie...your derriere is simply heavenly!
A Welshman, I presume 😉
Felicity is totally Mom-ing it up here...and I have to say she pulls the look off without going too far 😁
She needs to come back to the MCU fold...Thor needs the last of his warrior posse by his side as he fights to rebuild Asgard.
I think she's pregnant with her second kid these days.
Such a beautiful woman 😍
Her poise and aura are gorgeous 😁
Doesn't seem all that long ago that Janelle was big on wearing suits...kind of odd to see her an outfit like this one.
Still one of my favourite pics of Padmé 😍
Emma = Hermione. She can do other roles but she is a Gryffindor through and through 😊
She can drain my good any time she likes 😉
Her smile is just so...captivating 😍
While she doesn't actually have short hair here...there is an illusion of it IMO. AND I think Daisy would look good with an Audrey Hepburn type of short 'do.
Gorgeous view 😉
So many reasons to be jealous of Justin Verlander...but being this beauty's SO is at the top of my list.
I feel for the guy on the left...I would be struggling so hard not to drool or pitch a tent at the Charlize wearing that dress, staring at the ground would be my go-to move as well... 😉
Hmmmm...Thunderdome glam is in?
Debby looks good bit I'm not sure tree root graphics are the best design flare choice.
Great message..but Emma looks strange here. Like she's had a stroke or something.
I honestly think she's gotten more attractive as she's gotten older 😍
Mighty pretty lady 😁
Another goddess who only gets better with age 😎
The black &amp; white palette and lens choice really makes certain features pop out 😊
Katy is looking mighty prim here...but I bet she has some dirty thoughts about her neighbours trucking through her head at thst moment 😉
Melissa looks amazing here...but I think her smile looks a tad too forced. Though I would be forcing a smile if I had to regularly walk a gauntlet of flashing lights and shouted commands...
Only Keira's natural beauty is keeping this picture manageable to look at...the shirt blends in too well with the background and the vest &amp; tails pattern is a bit busy.
That ring is just....weird. Sarah is looking retro hot but her bling is all protective guard for her finger and knuckle joint.
This picture is both awesome and painful. The former because Emma is bringing her A-game to the hotness party...but that outfit's colour hurts my eyes 😜.
All together now, Whovians..."Oh, brilliant!" 😊
Jenna is heavenly...but I'm not fully feeling the dress pattern.
This outfit definitely leaves me speechless....
Those earrings are some serious bling...her lobes must feel all stretched out when she takes the off 😮
Simply scrumptious Scarlett 😍
Deadly and gorgeous...what a combo 😊
A true beauty 😀
What's up with Selena's eyebrows here? They look badly penciled in.
Now I can't unsee 😛
African goddess 😉
Hmm...not the most flattering photo of Vanessa IMO. She looks way older than she is, crow's feet and such.
Jenna definitely pulls off that colour well 😊
Doing her best Harley impressipm out of costume...loce it! 😍
That wrap is just wrong..it looks like it's eating her head slowly like The Blob.
Jenna should be the focus here...but I just can't stop looking at that supposed cab behind her. I want to what kind of vehicle it is! But Jenna is still beautiful here 😉
Having never seen SMG the Second (*Buffy* star Sarah Michelle Gellar is the First) in anything but *Star Trek: Discovery* before - *The Walking Dead* is on my to-do list - it's weird to see her not in her Michael Burnham persona. She's a Nubian goddess who can kick ass, don't get me wrong. Just a new experience for me.
I hate to say this but...i miss these days for Michelle.
Emilia is looking nice and thick here. Or thickish. Still, loving every centimetre of her 😊
Danielle looks stunning as usual...but what is going on with that dress?! It looks like it's failing apart at the left shoulder 🤔
Sadly not prime Lohan but she's looking good here.
Funny and gorgeous...her husband is a lucky fellow 😊
Elegant but minimalist...I love her dress 😎
She's an Inhuman (legal workaround for Fox owning the rights to Marvel Comics mutants) with the ability to control and effect all matters vibrational frequencies. Earthquakes and tremors being the common attack style with her abilities.
Chloe looks amazing in a vintage style...but her expression is a tad off-putting.
I'm strangely getting Leeloo vibes from this outfit. Keira looks gorgeous...but it looks like she's wearing layered Tensor bandages.
That is quite the top... 😮
Neither twin is ugly (though Mary-Kate looks rougher) but Elizabeth definitely is the prettiest Olsen sibling.
Commander Hill on her off day 😉
Not a fan of the makeup...but she is gorgeous 😊
She might be a puck bunny...but she is a hot puck bunny 😎
She's a pocket full of hawt 😘
I like the pompadour 😉
Not the worst hairdo...but I'm not sure it suits Anne.
She's a pretty gal...but her smile is just effervescent 😍
Gorgeous...simply gorgeous 😊
Huh...don't think Carice did herself a favour by getting work done. Didn't even recognize her till I stared awhile.
Wow...I'm jealous. My local representative is an old WASP male conservative.
Daisy is looking stunning here...I bet people would be OK with an Empress who looks like this 😉
Sparkly casual....I like 😁
I struggle to pick between Kristanna and Summer Glau for hottest Terminatrix. I guess the only solution is a mud or jello wrestling bout. For charity, so the needy can benefit from fanboy perversion 😉
A bit too much red used here...makes everything else drowned out, palette-wise.
Baby Spice grew up and got hotter!
Darby looks stunning here! I can see why she was picked to be Molly Quinn's mom on *Castle*...her poise and method of carrying certain fashions match.
Still gorgeous after all of these years 😍
Is there a cosmetic treatment where your skin gets darker as your hair lightens? Other than long-term sun exposure? I don't remember Naya looking that dark in *Glee*...
Charlize is just too beautiful to believe. Though I personally think her taste in men is a bit weird.
Suck it Russia...we have have our own blonde tennis goddess!
Really? Aww frak...I am the same way. Smoking just totally taints the fantasy cuz the smell is just off-putting for me
Utterly gorgeous and my kind of juicy 😊
I honestly think Jessica has only gotten hotter as she's gotten older and had kids. *Dark Angel* Jessica was good looking, but current Jessica Alba is fire incarnate!
Bridget's Dottie Underwood on *Agent Carter* was the perfect foil and frenemy for Hayley Atwell's Peggy Carter. And her Peggy cosplay S2E1 was a brilliant bit 😊
Diva Katy is the best Katy IMO...her poise and aura when Diva Katy is just off the charts 😍
Weird dichotomy here IMO...fancy hairdo, good make-up, beautiful jewelry against a dress that looks an exercise leotard in this shot.
The pulled-back high ponytail doesn't flatter her face...but the dress is just killing it 😎
Wow...she looks rail thin here. I guess the power of slimming black triumphed over cameras adding 10lbs.
So very pretty 😊
Emilia is flaunting two of my favourite things about her here 😉
Wow...that dress' overall design doesn't do much for me, but I definitely love its side-profile attributes 😉
She's framing her booty for photographic capture so well here...and what a booty it is!
Christina's Rubenesque form gives me heart palpitations 😍
Iridescent Indian ingenue 😁
So damn pretty in all the right ways 😍
The Avril Lavigne, punk princess hair isn't doing much for me...but Shirley as a whole is still ravishing 😁
Cosmetically altered or not, she is definitely someone I'd be willing to let sire me if a real vampire 😉
The asymmetrical hairdo is a bit odd...but Daisy is just too pretty to let that spoil her looks 😊
She is mega cute here...cuz her dress should be giving me a dizzy spell. But her powers of cuteness are curing that handily 😁
What an interesting ab window on that dress...perfect access to either her northern peaks or her southern valley 😎
I prefer Jennifer with her hair down...but I can't be negative about this pic 😁
I honestly would have a number of other models before Karlie Kloss...gorgeous figure and lovely pose, but the hairstyle and huge sunglasses totally alter her face.
Gemma looks low-key amazing here...flattering but simple dress and subdued make-up 😀
Simply ravishing 😊
The step-up, proto-beehive look is rather fetching on Katy...though her *decolletagé* continued to lead the way 😋
She looks stunning here...but I had to look hard to confirm it was the same actress from *Time After Time*, since they went for neutral make-up for here on that series.
Fair enough 😉
Cookie definitely allowed her the chance to work on her crazy skills 😉
Simply heavenly 😍
Don't Google "Titanoboa"...you will never sleep soundly again 😉
Your wife is a smart lady 😉
She can make a gay man contract a case of grabby hands 😎
Scarlett looks amazing here 😀
The hair doesn't do a heck of a lot for me...but Emma is just too pretty to let that stop her 😊
I too would have to concentrate on where I'm walking if I had to tackle that flooring...or wear something that tight 😉
She makes being near-sighted look sexy 😍
She is etherally beautiful 😍
Well fuck him, I do!
"Serpentine", eh.... 😉
Is James Franco standing outside of the frame? Her expression screams "Why is this happening?!" 😂
Yup...she's mighty, mighty pretty IMO. Lots of fantasies.
I missed her in *Thor: Ragnarok"...I would haves like to see Lady Sif cracking wise alongside Thor.
Not a huge fan of that dress...but Emma looks refined and stunning here 😊
Really not loving the dress...the colour is meh and the cut is way too heavy on her frame.
High-quality Hebrew heinie 😉
Wonderful shot of Anne's bountiful talent(s)! 😎
Scarlett looks absolutely magnificent!
Emma looks amazing...but her outfit looks like she pilfered from the female half of Mystery Inc.
I think Hayley or her stylist misjudged just how low cut the bodice on this dress was...not that I'm complaining 😉
So mesmerizing....I could stare at this pic for hours 😊
I'm not sure polka dots suit Natalie...clean lines and patterns all the way ☺
So freaking gorgeous 😚
Scarlett, as a whole, looks stunning. Her dress? Looks like as repurposed bath mat that had a hole in it.
Simply ravishing ☺
Ben McKenzie is just too lucky to articulate properly 🙄
Her smile is just so infectious 😊
While an upskirt shot would have been a nice by-product, the camera angle is more trying to shoot an auditorium stage or convention hall platform from a location not too close (which would would result in a constant panned-up view) and not too far away (forcing heavy use of zoom lenses).
*Why so serious?* While it's the wrong version of the DC Universe...I just had to quote Heath Ledger's Joker 😉
That dress is quite the outfit...she's like a Phoenix reborn in flame here 😍
If it was suddenly revealed that Karlie and BFF Taylor Swift were half-sisters or cousins? Wouldn't be surprised...at all. Karlie is gorgeous but it's like staring at Taylor in a slighly warped mirror 🤔
Oh...Kate might be precariously balanced on that stool, but she looks amazing while being precariously balanced 😉
Hailee? Sweetie? You have a right to wear whatever your heart desires...but that outfit is meant for collecting the kinds of looks you've been getting. Looking like you're less than impressed isn't cooling anyone's ardour...just fueling it.
I would disappoint them so hard...but at least I'd be the reason for a Taylor song 😉
She looks sinfully hot here 😎
Very impressive 😉
Nope....JLaw is rocking a G-string 😁
Her one scene in *Serenity* still gives me chills.
She was the spoiled princess character Trip got marooned with after helping her escape kidnappers that NX-01 Enterpise accidentally aided.
If this is a recent pic of Leah....then she hasn't she's a day since *VIP*. Gorgeous, in any case!
The focus could be better...but Emma's beauty still shines through 😁
She's gorgeous and a card shark...dangerous combination. But an awesome one 😉
As a fellow brunet with large front teeth, all I can say is "Hate all you want but she is fine wine that will only get better with age!"
She's gonna break tradition and look smoking hot on her deathbed at age 105 instead of the expected tiny Asian grandma...old age will be too afraid to make her get grey and wrinkly lest she kick its ass.
A wrist tatoo, huh? Well, at least it looks to be more attractive ink than Scarlett Johansson's. IMO.
Pretty...but she has decent flippers on her.
Virologist...treasure hunter...vampire princess...she is gorgeous any way you split it 😍
Patty is sent undercover at a strip club and decides she needs to practice her moves. Barry wholeheartedly supports the idea as a supportive boyfriend should.
She is a dark goddess ☺
She was on DS9? Huh....
She's rightfully complemented on her tush...but the front view is nothing to shun either 😉
The "mussed" look she has here is definite boner fuel 😎.
The retro looks suits her IMO...then again, so does modern professional wear and whatever her stage wear is classified as. Though her current run as a blonde is a bit of damper to the libido...
I don't know what's more boner-inducing...the sideboob or Margot licking the ice cream 😎.
That is one mighty fine derriere on display...wow! 😍
Close to perfect in the list provided...but I think it's "Giddish" and "Hargitay" for Kelli and Mariska.
Such a small but important role in *Serenity*...but she sold it 😊.
Really need to watch *Star Trek Beyond*...
This pose needs the costume...it adds to the power of the stance, especially since it focuses attention on one of the iconic symbols of modern culture. And Melissa's perfect perky pair 😉.
Mako's rebellious phase 😉
So, so damn stunning 😍
*Saul of the Mole Men*? I have to see it just for the title alone!
Wouldn't mind being trapped alone on a deep space ark with her.... 😉
Quite the get up.
Those are some mighty fine Daisy Dukes she's sporting...along with a mighty fine behind 😁.
I wouldn't mind being the last man on Earth with her as the last woman 😁.
I totally hated that they killed her character is the pilot episode of *Timeless*...her character was awesome and she filled out a pair of jodhpurs nicely 😎.
Lindy was hilairous as Claudia, Sydney Fox's secretary on *Relic Hunter*, though it did feel like she was being made to ape Charisma Carpenter's Cordelia Chase from the Buffyverse at times.
Prettiest demon killer around...except for her fellow Slayers 😉.
I know it's from a Playboy pictorial, because I remember my dad having this issue...just trying to recall who the model is.
Ok...someone help me out. What type of camera is being used for this, cuz it looks like someone filmed a porno with the gear they use for US and UK soaps. I ask this because I once struggled to articulate the difference between how a soap is filmed and how other modern dramas are done.
Hey, fridges can be damn sexy! 😉
Such yummy mummy Nerd Queen 😊
It would be super hot...but even the best actresses couldn't match just how white trash that vid was.
Just call me Renfield!
I'd love to paint her abs like a Jackson Pollack...
Her White Canary costumes really don't do her cleavage justice...but this one did 😉.
Camren's ass is prime whooty...and needs to be claimed!
That body is just obscene in how hot it is 😍
Hybrid perfection...petite and perky with a phat booty 😍
Welll...one **can** want to splatter the face of a gorgeous celebrity with spunk or pussy juice but be polite about it...or note attraction. Just a rarity. 😉
Her abs are definitely drool worthy 😋.
You preach the gospel there 😉.
It's not just the short hair...I could deal with just going to a pageboy or another short hairdo. It's an entire wardrobe and vibe shift that I've disliked in other entertainers...Christina Aguilera's "Dirrrty" phase comes to mind.
And since it was Tara Strong voicing Ingrid, it was like watching Raven from Teen Titans as a normal goth teen 😉.
About 1 year.
*Flight of the Navigator* FTW!
The 2009 version of *Wonder Woman* is an animated retelling of Diana's origin story in the modern day. Keri voiced Diana and Nathan Fillion was Steve Trevor.
I'd give anything to worship her gorgeous stomach...though I'd of course pay homage to the rest of her heavenly form as well 😉
They produce some mighty fine booties on Remulak!
I feel sorry for Haley Joel...he ages and turns into a bad metabolism version of Shaggy from *Scooby Doo*. Little sister Emily, though... 😎
Yessir!
I've personally never viewed Inara's breakdown in *Heart of Gold* as being hypocritical. Her devastation about discovering Mal slept with Nandi seems to be more about believing Mal has issues with Inara herself and not with prostitutes in general than freaking out that he slept with a prostitute at all. Which doesn't contradict anything Mal said or did prior to this episode...he's rude and belligerent about her job but not about the sex (otherwise he's be giving Jayne a hard time about visiting whorehouses during their shoreleave opportunities as frequently as it is inferred he does) but how the Companions' Guild dresses up the Oldest Profession to be something else. Mal and Nandi sleeping together is doubly heartbreaking because, besides Inara believing a false "truth" of Mal finding her lacking for reasons unrelated to her job, the two lovers gravitated toward each other due to similar personalities seeking to replace buried attraction to Inara with each other as one step removed figures.
Yes...but she's an actress who's done several roles, including the lead in the *Mortal Instruments* film. She has fame and recognition amongst a percentage of the population separate to her father.
That we know of...who knows what kind of shenanigans she's been up to. What better way to throw people off the scent than the two videos she did for SNL that imply she's wild and dangerous...we laugh at the absurdity but what better way to hide the kinky cosplay and drug-fuelled orgies than use sketch comedy to disguise the truth? 😉
Now THAT would be the kind of remake I could get behind!
Robin Thicke is a complete moron to let this mocha goddess get away!
I would love to recreate *Last Tango in Paris* with her.. st least the food sex part 😉
One of the leads from the SyFy series *Killjoys*... plays a leather clad bounty huntress known as Dutch.
Not much to do when you're waiting for your kickass secret agent bodysuit to finish going through the wash. Though I wonder...DEO or SHIELD laundry room?
She's supposed to be a huge bitch to work with, so i thibk a bit of bondage and domination to teach hee some lessons before fucking her deep 😉
"Cucking" is intentionally cheating on a spouse or SO to their face....used to be solely malicious but it's now a sex fantasy In some circles. In this case, Olivia would be fucking your spouse or BF/GF while you watch.
The most kickass Asian MILF around! I definitely think she's a wildcat in bed who just loves to command her lovers to worship her 😍.
Can't fault Anakin for prioritizing the safety of his smokeshow wife and mother of his children over the Jedi Order...bunch of sexually repressed and emotionally-stunted elitists playing "peacekeepers".
Backwards or forwards....Emilia is still utterly gorgeous :D
I'm partial to both ladies...but I'd have to pick Emilia, just for her accent as she screams and begs for me to worship and fuck her arse more :D
I actually thought the idea of *Street Hawk*'s Jesse Mach (and that was an action hero name if anything!) needing a form\-fitting bodysuit was a pretty smart idea....between needing to ensure that it wouldn't become a wingsuit (due to excess material grabbing hold of the air flowing past the rider when at high or Hyperboost speeds) and pulling Jesse off Street Hawk, and it being fitted with sensors to feed the support team all of Jesse's vitals while out on missions or patrol? It was actually logical.
I wouldn't say the *MacGyver* reboot follows a modern cop show formula, but it definitely deviates from the original's "lone wolf problem solver" theme.
If *Avengers 4* will have the reunited OG Avengers and Ant-Man travelling back in time to retrieve the stones...saving Coulson is something I could see them doing - or at least Tony - but Coulson wouldn't be given The Bus and his team, as he would probably be The Avengers' SHIELD handler/liaison.
While I'm aware she's been pushing to leave *Arrow* for a while now....I'm gonna miss her. And what with how the most recent season ended, making sure her nephew and sister-in-law are safe would seem logical, though that might how they write Colton Haynes' Roy Harper back in again. In any case, Willa is looking simply sinful here :D
She's young, fit and foxy...bras should be anathema to her right now! ;)
And to think she was training to be a lawyer before taking up modelling and acting....can you imagine being in court and having her tearing you apart on the stand? I know I'd be struggling with an inappropriate moment boner ;)
Well...she is playing the young version of Catwoman after all. Only makes sense for her costumes to reflect the future of her character as a role model for dominatrices ;D Plus, I've long thought she bears a passing resemblance to Michelle Pfeiffer, and thinking about Camren in the *Batman Returns* Catwoman costume is simply yummy!
It would have made sense, but I guess the whole mess with Universal holding the film rights to solo Hulk films means The Abomination can't show up in any form in the MCU since he was the bad guy in *The Incredible Hulk*.
Probably the same reason I noted above/below (depending on likes) about why The Abomination didn't appear in any of the post-*Winter Soldier* MCU shows or movies: Universal owns the rights to characters like Emil Blonsky and Samuel Sterns, so we can get no more than passing references in the MCU properties.
Demi won't need those Red Bulls when I get to worshiping her....her body will produce enough endorphins and energy to equal a Scarborough Suitcase worth of Red Bulls :D
I really hope she doesn't do a Lohan and only get naked after she's been through a drug addiction ringer...those juicy chest pillows deserve to be worshiped and admired in their current prime state!
She's still beautiful...but I have a preference for *Community*\-era Alison Brie. Still beautiful, but fuller figures are my bag :)
A very sexy Lady of Eire :D
Germany definitely produces some very fine works ;)
That's the problem with the whole "Hollywood Ugly/Nerdy" trope...unless an actress goes basically all out to look like garbage - Charlize Theron as Alieen Wurnos in *Monster* comes to mind - they're never really ugly or nerdy enough to match the character's supposed appearance.
Utterly stunning :D
I was totally ready to argue how this pic was eligible...but I noticed the pic she was signing. So that's a "never mind". Definitely a stunning pic ;)
While I prefer her as a brunette....she definitely still ignites my lightsaber as a blonde ;)
Hello, fellow *Timeless* fan!
Slim but toned...body fat percentages high enough to equate for Lynda Carter's bustline wouldn't have been possible due to diet and physical exertion.
Maybe it's that simple...but if true, then why not have Betty Ross show up? Or even just someone from SHIELD mentioning they talked with her when trying to hunt down Banner for Avengers 1 or post Avengers 2? Guess it doesn't matter till Marvel decides they want ro do something with the Hulk not featuring the Avengers ;)
Hitler was Austrian. Probably why I like H&amp;K and Mercedes over Glock and Audi :P
Mrs. Philip J. Coulson....Clark Gregg is a lucky SOB.
I dunno...I prefer Margot. But I support your opinion!
If recognize the logo in the background? Nickelodeon awards from years ago...pretty sure this is not too long after her breakout in the *The Princess Diaries* and that was early 2000s.
I....respectfully disagree with you. Carrie Fisher jumpstarted puberty in numerous young men and women wearing this outfit...though Olivia did it justice :)
Fair enough.
It seems my European geography is rusty...Ingolstadt is in Germany. I understood it to be Austrian, based on comments about the Audi-BMW competitive relationship. Guess my point is moot...though I still prefer H&amp;K ;)
Two gorgeous generations of French femininity 😍
I wonder how badly the pussy wedgie got from that swimsuit? The fabric is stretched like crazy and the gusset has to be digging into her pussy hard!
Sweet Jesus....😍
Oh, how my teen geek boner begged to be flogged when this pic was released!
See.. if the Cylons had only doubled down on their near-perfect replicas and had all 12 models as gorgeous women, I think the Colonies of Kobol would have gone along with being subjugated. I know I would be open to being a servant to a hyper-intelligent AI if its avatar looked and sounded like Tricia Helfer, Lucy Lawless or Grace Park. Hell, I'd accept Alessandra Torresani as well 😉
I would have said a sister or first cousin to Scarlett Johansson...but yours works too 😉
They made a third one?!
Neil McDonough is a talented mofo....he can chew scenes like a pro as Damien or he can play straight man as Dum Dum Dugan to Peggy or Howard Stark. Or Cap. 😀
I really think an episode with Sara trying to re-connect with her mom as a way to grieve would be awesome, especially if Dinah calls Sara out for her ability to save Laurel and Quentin but her lack of follow-through and Sara fired back that she to take extra measure to prevent abusing her role because the Legends would back her in any plan she came up with.
I actually think that helped sell the version of Lara that was being put up on screen...she has some training in MMA but she's not great at it, she is good with archery, apparently competent with acrobatics and gymnastics...she's early Lara, one who's never had to really face down dangerous situations before arriving on Yamantai and awakening the Tomb Raider instinct. Still, I see what you're saying and I respect your viewpoint.
Right...let's see... Keira - Mouth...hearing Keira/Elizabeth beg you to ram your fat prick down her dainty throat and pound her tonsils like a heavy bag, feeling her amazing tongue bathing your cock as she works to press her nose to your abdomen in the least time possible, experiencing the unbelievable suction as she fights valiantly to taste your seed like the delicacy she believes it is! Such talents test the best of men, but you know holding out means Keira/Elizabeth will reach into her bag of tricks to reveal hidden marvels of fellatio that would test the mettle of the most jaded of oral aficionados...driving you to peaks of madness few have ever come back from wholly sane! Melissa - Pussy...the risk of having my manhood crushed into pulp by her enhanced Kegel muscles would be worth being able to experience the heavenly furnace that is Supergirl's tight cunny, dripping one of the rarest substances in the all the know galaxies: a Kryptonian female's natural lube enhanced by how her body processes the solar energy of a yellow sun, stimulating the nerves of the lucky sexual partner to such an extent that it takes a special being to handle the extra pleasure granted. Pounding her mint-condition cock-sleeve would be like having a glove made the finest silk wrapped around your cock as it massaged and coaxed every tiny micro-litre of cum from you to feed her voracious sexual appetite....hearing her beg you to go faster and plaster her womb with your seed would only spur on further efforts to risk the dangers for the greatest reward! Natalie - Ass....oh sweet merciful Lord, the thought of getting to toss Natalie/Padme's salad while she's wearing the second sexiest costume in the Star Wars canon (breathing down the neck of the Slave Leia costume IMO) is just too amazing to contemplate! Then filling her ass to the breaking point and having her beg me to fuck her ass like a back-alley whore, fondling that delicious derriere and pounded her poop chute while those uber-yoga pants are around her ankles? Giggity :D Gal - Eat...I'd definitely love to give myself the challenge of disproving the idea the Amazons have about men only being useful for breeding by blowing the good Princess' mind, devouring her untouched pussy like it was the first meal I'd been allowed in years and driving her to orgasm after orgasm without stop until her even her own enhanced constitution can't handle the pleasure any longer. Her virgin peach would be the sweetest thing I would have ever tasted and I'd go back for more until she had to tie me down with the Lasso of Truth...which would only make things worse, as I'd wax poetically about how heavenly her pussy was and I how would bring her to ever-greater heights of pleasure with more practice :P
Feeling a Jean Grey vibe here...though her chest size is realistic ;)
The angle's a tad wonky...but I'm definitely loving this picture :D
Thank you, but I want to try and encourage respectful disagreement in sub-reddits. I too loved the *Tomb Raider* reboot but I liked the Angelina Jolie ones that get crapped on, so I know that my opinion isn't the same as other people's. I see r/nzguy79's point about how Alicia - to them - needed a bit more stature &amp; muscle but I didn't have the same issue.
Venus without her half-shell :D
Part of me wonders what Daddy Eminem thinks about pictures like this...and part of me wants to happily ignore who her father is and just go to town in sampling all the goodies on display ;)
Oh....I just want to dive right into this ginger goddess' treasure trove and taste-test her firecrotch, get those sexy Scottish stems wrapped around my head and pulling me in so I can devour her pussy :D
Oh, to be lost on a desert island with her... :D
I'd paint her face with cum...bathe her gorgeous features with my seed, marking her as my Scottish siren to pleasure and pound as I see fit!
Zoey looks like she's wearing something like a harem girl's costume...oh, having her as a personal genie would be amazing! Lots of sexy wishes that benefit both her and myself, so she'd be less inclined to warp them to have me suffer because she'd lose out on getting all of her tight holes filed or her pussy worshipped while I plowed the cunt-licker ;D
I wouldn't say no to being handcuffed to a bed while Melissa rode me like a cowgirl, though I would hope to get in some ass fondling eventually ;)
So very doable...and with her role as a pitchwoman for Aveeno, probably in possession of loads of lotion to use for lubing her up for some fun :D
That booty is simply epic...and she's wearing vertical stripes, so you know her ass is even bigger than it appears!
Squirrel Girl can feast on my nuts any time she wants!
Suffocating while worshipping her pussy due to her thighs being wrapped around my head would be an amazing way to go ;)
Alison could sit on my face and drape that front panel over me, carrying on her business while I much her cunt :D
If there ever was a secret Hollywood celebrity sex auction, Reese and Ava would set a record high price for a night of unlimited action :D
I bet that is one of the secret perks for being one of Demi's back-up dancers...being rode hard and used fully for Demi's pleasure nightly, but with the occasional orgy where Demi services her dancers as a thank you for all they do for her :D
I'm the closing driver for the local Domino's - Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada - and we were asked about this once because apparently the caller had a cheese-crust pizza made by a Greater Toronto Area franchise because of a gluten allergy and they wanted something bigger than the 10" personal Gluten Free crust we offer. And they wanted it again but were now in our neck of the woods (2 hours south). Caller couldn't say how their cheese-crust pizza was built, so I had to decline their request and explain it was a custom pizza that we couldn't replicate without instructions....but the shift runner (in-store supervisor in charge of everything but making deliveries) and I had some quiet time between orders, so we tried experimenting with making a cheese crust pizza. Total disaster....looked more a greasy cheese omelette and tasted horrible. Then again, it was just a couple of layers of mozzarella with pepperoni, so the grease factor was high.
I bet Natalie secretly loves flaunting her nipples like this...dressing just risque enough to get them standing proud but keeping them mostly hidden so she can maintain an air of class and respect &lt;3.
Depending on how Jed, Mo and Jeff handle IW, I could see Fury popping up as a recording to Coulson.
Actually? Perfume. If I recall the interview right, that is. Very popular fragrance back in the 70s from I'm told.
Those boots must be torture to walk in....but what they do to Natalie's delectable tush is simply magnificent :D
I can see why she would be the teacher's pet....though I'm sure it's more like "Teacher's Cum Slave". ;)
So much cuter than a Siamese cat ;)
Nope...just the Corvette logo. Lola's got a booty and a tramp stamp to match ;)
People rag on FoMoCo...but making a from-the-factory sleeper for public consumption is a huge win in my book. Plus, I still remember gazing at one of these beasts at my local Ford dealership back when...there's a reason it's the Panther platform, folks :D
I wish I could do that to my Murano...I don't find the base headlights enough for when I'm working at night.
I wonder if her sisters dressed her...they're fashionistas now, so I figure Elizabeth would be keeping them in the loop for helping her dress for her film premieres and award shows.
Looks like Kat was out partying it up for a while before the pic was taken....and is that Spencer Reid from *Criminal Minds*?
She is her mother's daughter...gorgeous!
Wow...those are some serious chompers!
Yes...and no. Peter is underage and probably doesn't have a passport, so getting him from New York to Berlin is highly suspect and definitely illegal (Aunt May didn't give permission to have Tony take Peter). HOWEVER, he has been keeping an eye on Peter and has a run-down on his abilities and skills to that point, so he knows Peter is hella strong and his whole crime-fighting style is about containment; Tony knew Peter could roll with some of the big dogs in the airport fight (though I'm sure discovering just how much of a match Peter is for Cap and Bucky was a pleasant surprise) and that his webbing was would be a good non-fatal solution to the problem of putting down supersoldiers and Infinity Stone-modified humans like Cap, Bucky and Wanda.
And to think she could have ended up playing Cordelia....definitely ended up with the right role. So hot and so dangerous :D
I didn't even recognize Paget Brewster there...guess the pointy shoes threw me off ;)
I personally never thought the whole "piercings everywhere and skunk pattern hair" look suited Christina...just seemed to detract from her natural beauty. Her recent pictorial where she wasn't very much makeup - they claimed none but no magazine is going to avoid touch-up work altogether - just proves she can stun with what God or genetics gave her :D
I'd come wherever Dove asked me to....face, chest, pussy or her tight tummy :)
I'd love to plug into her wide-body bass and rock her world :D
I upvoted you for trying to be all "I've loved her since before the hype!"...but she was the daughter on *The Bill Engvall Show,* not on Foxworthy's series. Both are Blue Collar Comedy founders...but yeah ;)
Uhhh...even with the now non-canon "Eight Years Later" title card from *Spider-man: Homecoming* (separating the prologue of just after the Battle of New York and the primary part of the film), Spidey had only been on Team Stark for a day or two before the airport fight, as per the selfie videos taken just before and during the throwdown in Berlin. Now, as of the events of *Homecoming*, I could see Tony working on getting a fast-tracked passport for Peter under the guise of being able to take him to various international conferences and symposiums. Cuz if Pepper didn't kill him for it, Rhodey would have hit him with guilt-trip comments about taking a minor into a combat situation and without legal documentation too.
I'm with John Spartan on the matter of sex and reproduction...if my partner was Sandra, there'd be zero VR involved. Old-fashioned triple F fun - Frenching, Fondling, Fucking - only! :D
I'd hack her firewalls any time she wanted ;)
Gladiatrix Beyonce! Pepsi's ad monkeys definitely hit on a genius idea to have her, Britney and P!nk pitch soda in outfits like these :O
Totally ok. Just wanted to get the goof addressed before someone with less tact came along :)
Damn blanket...it's in the way! ;)
Isn't that Odette Annable? Or there a joke that is flying past my head?
Let's just say the relationship between Imra and Mon-El is dubious as of the season finale (trying not to spoil anything). He's back to the 30th century with Imra but they both know his torch for Kara has been extinguished. Though...am I nuts to think Kara and Mon-El could be distantly related due to his name seemingly sounding like he's of the house of El?
Handwriting analysis says "Work"...but she definitely could command quite the contingent to wank 😉
Also the villainess of *The Man From U.N.C.L.E.*...the Italian shipping heiress :)
It's just not fair...she looks good in everything :D
Or Emily Deschanel IMO. Three gorgeous women who knock my socks off :D
You honour the gods at ILM with this...cuz this is spectacular!
Fit but not insanely so...winner winner, chicken dinner :D
I dunno...but I want to find out!
Early Anne really got my motor revving :D
Bezoar.
Whomever gets Brie pregnant will win one hell of a jackpot...those tits will milk up like crazy!
Natalie...have fantasized about her for basically 20 years. Though Hayley and Karen are very close competitors, just newer to the game :D
Oh, I know :D
Definitely one of my prime wank bank subjects...she will always be my Princess :D
I bet these two had a couple of private "rehersal" sessions for this scene... :D
The last project I know she did was some MTV drama that was supposed to be edgy and her first mature character role...but I heard it bombed. That or the live Rocky Horror Picture Show broadcast.
I bet Victoria can pull off classy pussy flashes ;)
She deserves to be worshipped every day by her horny fans :D
Mic drop moment :D
Airbrushing...Photoshop didn't exist in 1983-1984.
Now? Just recently turned 30, I believe.
Well, I can't say I'm an expert but every time I've seen the photo on the left (part of a *Rolling Stone* pictorial and interview from around time of *Return of the Jedi*'s release in 1983), that is its form. I guess the only way to really tell is looking at a copy of the issue in question to know if it was airbrushing or later Photoshop tinkering.
From this film? Acted for a while primarily, including a semi-miraculous 2-season Fox genre show (*Dollhouse*) but took a hiatus to get her degree fairly recently. She also has a production company -- Boston Diva.
His costume already has with the Flash vs. The Monitor confrontation on Earth-90...so fingers crossed!
Or...like the comics version of Flashpoint, Clark was found and kept in a govt lab most of/all of his life. DAMN IT, BARRY!!
Wade's lady love, Vanessa Carlyle. Who is Copycat in the comics but there is theory she'll be Lady Death.
I bet she's a rabid size queen, just aching to get her tight pussy and womb filled past breaking with a big cock...stretching her to new limits and driving her to ecstacy as her cunt gets ploughed over and over again! :D
Crazy hybrid cosplay fantasy where the Black Widow exists in the Star Wars universe and has been tasked with obtaining sensitive information from Senator Naberrie...which leads to a sultry threesome between them and Black Widow's client :P
I would worship this petite Texan goddess for hours, showing her all the deliciously kinky ways she can feel pleasure by showing devotion to every part of her body...leaving her right pussy and virgin ass to last, so she is dripping wet and down for some serious hole-plugging fun!
Natalie is my queen, she commands and I obey with pleasure...worshiping her body and proving my devotion to her in every kinky way possible. Well...barring certain things that she knows are my limits and respects them. ;)
Based on our mutual heights? She would definitely need those heels to allow us to fuck standing up...but since she is so tiny? Once I had pounded her in this position, I would carry-fuck as she served as a portable cock-sheath :P
She can be my Companion any time she feels like it :D
Based on the outfit and pose? Seems to be a BTS video for the *Maxim* photo shoot she did around the time of *Battlestar Galactica*.
* Rebecca - Blowjob. The scene from *Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation* with her testing her breath-holding skills in the pool? Made me fantasize about her breathing control and how she could apply it to giving amazing blowjobs! * Alicia - Pussy. Just to say I've ploughed out Lara Croft and made her beg for it first...probably even set something up so it's full cosplay and she is in either the Yamatau!Lara costume from the reboot game and film...or the iconic costume of tight top and insanely small cargo shorts :D * Charlize - Anal. Plunder her tight South African ass till she begs for more...then up the game with a 15" black dildo and have her imagine being sodomized by the black bull she had her eye on when she was a teen who she never got a chance with ;)
* Kate - Blowjob, since I bet she's a skilled fellatio artist that would conjure up a heavy load from my balls...plus I figure a load of spunk is cheaper than that crazy baby's foreskin face cream she supposedly uses. * Jenna - Pussy, as I want to give her the fucking of her life...but in Queen Victoria costume. Have her go nuts and demand to be pounded like a whore while fully kitted out in period royal regalia :P * Daisy - Anal, since an arse like hers - one she puts extra special effort into shaping - deserves a reward of being thoroughly plundered and filled up with hot cum!
Kinky threesome with Daisy's clone-like sisters while Daisy gets to watch as I fuck them to multiple orgasms, with Kika Rose &amp; Poppy Sophia loudly begging for little sister Daisy to come join the fun. Price of play? Daisy has to feast on the creampies I've left in her big sisters' tight cunts and swallow the loads down. :P
Now that you mention it....huh!
Or they live somewhere that streaming or box set are the only options.
I still can't fathom how *Blue Bloods* on CBS hid David's physique when he appeared as the mayor of New York at the same time he was doing *Arrow*...their costumer must have had their work cut out them :D
And when the Legends had to stop Reverse Flash from borking history by allowing Apollo 13 to complete its moon landing mission...WaveRider is spaceworthy. BUT unknown if she's up to a long-range spaceflight...though I'm sure she is :)
It's **possibly** (and most likely, actually) a reference to the Koenig brothers (all played by Patton Oswalt) from *Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.* and their mutual obsession with ID lanyards...including whether or not someone is trusted enough to be issued one ;)
Different answers for different future-originating characters.... The Legion? A lot of info on Earth history was lost in various social collapses that occurred between "now" and their time period, so their knowledge is based on reconstructed data. Thawne? He knows about the Crisis on Infinite Earths, since the news articles shown via Gideon about the Flash's future disappearance talked about it but between Thawne's own meddling (the particle accelerator was originally supposed to be turned on in 2019, but Thawne took over Harrison Wells' life and got it going 5 years sooner) and Barry dicking with the timeline via Flashpoint? It's happening in 2019 now, instead of 2024. Nora? She's similar to Thawne, in that she is from the future where CoIE happened in 2024 and her actions in helping stop the STAR labs satellite and changing the identity of Cicada helps accelerate Crisis on Infinite Earths. So two of them know about CoIE and the third party is from too far in the future to know about it since happened numerous centuries prior.
I think she is...but she'll cut loose every so often and slum it to get her inner cumslut exercised :P
Closest we've gotten to seeing her Latina lady lumps in their natural splendour.
I am pretty sure they were but weight changes for roles have affected their proportions.
All we need is Candice Patton to have three generations of West Family hotness :D
I watched it and liked it but didn't **love** it. IMO, her role as FBI agent Emily Byrne felt too much like a thinly disguised version of Kate Beckett at times, various supporting characters (like her remarried ex, her shifty brother and even her father) felt 2D and unsympathetic too often, and a plot twist that happens late in the series about Emily's backstory seems to suddenly make her an in-remission sociopath that makes you root for her less.
And you'd struggle not to let your eyes wander while she's doing it, but....they're magnetic :D
Possible use of bioweapons too? Or the aliens' ships used some highly toxic substance for power that caused environmental issues until we figured out how to clean it up properly.
Even if the only reason why Cassandra Jean played Nora Fries in the Elseworlds crossover was because her husband is Green Arrow, it's not like she'd be the first spouse to get a role because she's sleeping with a show lead on a CW show. Hell, both Genevieve Padalecki and Daneel Ackles ended up on *Supernatural* because their spouses play the Winchester brothers, and I think it was Mrs. Padalecki that replaced Katie Cassidy as Ruby.
Winter Reltrac Celchu, Legends timeline childhood friend and personal aide of Leia. Also the Alliance/New Republic intelligence operative codenamed "Targeter". Trivia note: artist Shabby Blue uses the likeness of actress Michelle Pfeiffer for his art featuring Winter.
I think *Silent Witness* is supposed to refer to how the victim's corpse tells its story via its condition when examined.
Dunno...people disagreeing with my preference for Lee over Julie? People disagreeing Julie made a good Catwoman?
Demon that Sam was associating with while Dean was in Hell...I think. I definitely know Ruby is a demon and has been played by both Katie and Gen Padalecki.
So...now I know what Summer Glau looks like as a blonde: gorgeous. ;) I kid...sort of. Pom is gorgeous period, but she looks like Summer Glau here IMO.
Uh....wow!
She looks amazing for 52+ but she's still a tad too old. Maybe if the main story story is treated as a flashback and they bookend the film with older Mulan in the form of Ming-Na :)
Natalie would be the toast of SDCC 2019, running her own meet &amp; greet where she relieves all of her horny virginal fans of their cherries :D
Interesting note, though technically not canon: in the novelization for *GoldenEye*, John Gardner (yup...the then official Bond writer did the novelization) gives Bond an internal monologue during the scene at the casino where he identifies Xenia as Georgian via how her English was accented where he confirms his suspicions about her being shady because her accented English is how a Muscovite (Moscow native) would pronounce words.
You definitely get an idea of why Han is both smitten with and driven mad by Leia...it's his relationship with Qi'ra all over again, except Leia is way less secretive.
My picks as well...cosplay fun with Black Widow and Peggy Carter as Captain America :D
(in a Fonzie voice) Aiiiiiiiiiii....
Those specs look like the first pair I ever owned...just goes to prove Anne is gorgeous enough to make even those monstrosities look good :P
While it's not a Maria Hill TV series, she's the lead in the upcoming dramedy *Stumptown* as a Jessica Jones-like PI...but without superpowers.
Two gorgeous hybrids :D
Not a movie. TV show *Vinyl*. I think it was 1x01.
Glad I am not alone in thinking the same thing ;)
Simple answer? He's Canadian ;)
More than just "nearly made it"...she was Janeway for like a couple of shooting days before she decided that a TV show production schedule wasn't compatible with how she worked. Or the bigwigs realized their choice of her wasn't working. Then came Kate Mulgrew :D
If stuff I've heard is correct? Her political leanings are a tad deep in Republican territory.
A perfectly proportioned Persian princess :D
While I get why CBS and the CW went with the "classic" Supergirl outfit, this one definitely isn't half-bad. Certainly would give her a greater solar radiation absorption ability due to all the wonderful bare skin ;)
Yup...Mrs. Phil Coulson is still got it going on :D
I know the post title can't be tweaked now..but it's "Heigl", just for general info's sake :)
Well, it certainly would have given her greater solar radiation absorption capabilities...all of that gorgeous skin on display ;)
Uh...are we sure? Doesn't seem to look like Megan Boone IMO.
Excellent choice! And since their characters' civilian identities both have the surname "Danvers"? Fantasy where Carol is Kara's eldest sister (by adoption) and Kara wants to connect with her (MCU canon has Carol estranged from her parents, but I could see a post-return to Earth Carol wanting to look in on "baby sister" Alex and discovering she has a even younger adopted sister), but ends up being seduced by Carol :D
No official explanation, no. I would have said the gap between *Quantum of Solace* and *Skyfall* was to have been filled with the events of several - if not nearly all - of the Connery to Brosnan Bond films, so the DB5 got upgraded that way. Except a modern retelling of *Goldfinger* would have used an 2009-12 Aston model instead... Another explanation is that Bond privately had the DB5 upgraded by a security firm that trick out clients' cars with nifty defensive and offensive options. Literary Bond of the John Gardner era had it done to a Bentley Mulsanne Turbo and Saab 96.
Just look at her dad...he's a silver fox of a man, so she has good genes for aging well :)
She's apparently had breast augmentation surgery, though she has given birth to at least one kid. So bit of both, since she is definitely in her thicc stage here, though not heavy heavy.
And make threats about taking away their bucket? ;)
I'm honestly of two minds on such a concept at this stage of the game. On the one hand, Lena getting to witness Kara Zor-El for the first time - on the surface, what Lex and Lillian were ranting about concerning Kryptonians - would be epic because Lena would be forced to bear witness to who Kara is when she's let off the chain...a mirror to Lena's own personality but with superpowers and a much smaller sense of outright compassion. On the other hand? Season 1's Red K episode was well-acted but there has never have been much - if any - emotional follow up to all of the stuff that Kara did while she was under Red K's influence. Yes, there was the entire following episode where Kara was struggling to win back National City's trust, but my issue is about the lack of acknowledgment of how Kara's actions altered her relationships with her friends, family and Cat; the resentment Kara expressed for how Alex and Eliza forced her to hide who she is and conform to a certain identity alone should have earned itself greater exploration, since it would have allowed for the question about what society expects refugees and immigrants to do when they arrived in a new land and why there is push back for said parties wanting to have access to their birth culture's language and traditions.
Ironically, I first saw the following explanation about Winn being CatCo's IT guy when he's supposed to be a super-genius in a Supergirl fanfic...but I think it's logical: Winn, like Lena with her family, was unfairly painted with the same brush as his father (i.e. genius but mentally unstable) and the only job he could get in the technology sector were menial ones, with being CatCo's chief IT guy. Think about it...CatCo HQ is a huge building with hundreds of employees, so there has to be entire IT department. BUT there's no sign of a boss/supervisor for Winn other than Cat Grant, his desk/station is within clear sight and hearing distance of Cat's office and Cat utilized him for critical tech support roles during times of crisis. I could honestly see Cat actually taking advantage of the dearth of tech sector job opportunities for Winn to have one of the top minds working for her, making sure her imperial palace worked with peak efficiency.
Thank you :)
No...she wore several pushup bras to achieve this look for an episode of *Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.* where a perv was fantasizing about her.
Eh...not the worst pairing possible IMO. She's certainly capable of calling Gibbs out for any BS he might pull, but I think they work better as informal siblings re: their emotional connection.
Such a tough choice....but I have to pick Hayley. Just can't resist her :)
I would have said "chubby face Keira Knightley" instead of Italia Ricci, but you do you ;)
Yeah...really wonder what Ralph and Kevin will say in the Tinseltown Stiffs segment that covers Mr. Wright's passing.
Sort of a mixed bag of reasons, I think...Fleming's novels were the backbone of the story sources for the films, so even when they were altered for budget or time period reasons or a perceived lack of a good story, they guided the hand of the scriptwriters. Also, I think with how things went with Dalton's films, the first to really have focus on things like the Russian occupation of Afghanistan and the Muhajadeen or the war on drugs, Broccoli (first Cubby, then Barbara) and Wilson decided to make the plots grandiose again, with villains with crazy global domination plans to get butts in seats. But I'm sure that there has been always a factor of not provoking groups like the IRA or al-Qaeda by having them feature in a Bond film as villains because of triggering attacks in retaliation. The use of SMERSH and the Soviet Union is one thing, since the USSR wasn't going to invade or nuke Great Britain over caricatures of their military officers or political leaders because they could dismiss it as silly Western propaganda drivel; extremist groups that needed legitimacy to gain any success would definitely choose to stage a car bomb or a suicide bomber attack to make a point to get people talking about them.
*GoldenEye* is set around 5 years post-fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet Union, so like any large military, they're not going to junk serviceable weapons, tech and uniforms because of a shift in politics. Plus the issue of the newly born Russian Federation having cash issues because former satellite states that contributed resources, foodstuff and products now were their own entities meant completely redoing uniforms wasn't something they were worried about. The action film trope of military officers selling tech and weapons from their commands to terrorists and black market merchants for money has a basis in reality. Also, I doubt any costume house that did military uniforms would have had access to any then-modern Russian military uniforms anyway, so reusing existing Red Army surplus or knockoffs that have shown up in innumerable films was the easiest solution. Unless a costume house decided to bribe a Russian military base commander for access to their supplies to nab sets of duty and dress uniforms.
*Black Swan*
Chloe is my hapa queen. Olivia lost a few points after getting surgery, though I still think she is pretty, but Chloe is the GOAT for me.
George restarted his grandfather's company and moved over to specialty appliance manufacturing :)
Both are technically options for future episodes but David Harewood isn't a fan of playing OG Henshaw/Cyborg Superman and Dean Cain apparently isn't interested in coming back. So...Jeremiah would need a recasting. Which isn't the worst choice but the showrunners need a solid idea of who he is to make sure the character's use isn't squandered.
Just noticed that myself...damn!
Uh....I thought Olivia's mom was Cambodian?
Costume test shoot for her character in *Batman Forever*..."Sugar" to Debi Mazar's leather-clad vixen "Spice", Two-Face's girlfriends.
While Leviathan did manipulate things to ensure Obsidian was successful again by engineering a massive failure in Lord Tech's new smartphone, that happened before the events of S1.
It was mentioned in S1 that Kara was in line to be or was the youngest member of Krypton's Science Guild at age 12. Which, even for a race possessing advanced intelligence, is a prodigy-level achievement but one with inherent issues for crafting storylines due to her being able to solve a problem in minutes.
It does look like she has a healed over piercing at her navel.
Because the executives at LucasFilm and Disney took a look at all the griping fans and critics have done about the prequels and the various modifications of the OT films and took the wrong goddamn lesson from it: they think getting anti-fanboys in the director's chair means that they'll get good films that avoid all of Lucas' foibles. Or that the films will be edgy because reasons. Which has proven to be completely wrong and even more fan-rant spawning than what came before! Disney needs to understand that a middle path has been the way, is currently the way and needs to remain the way in the future for doing Star Wars successfully...respecting the reasons why the OT (while not Oscar material for "serious" categories) was so successful while avoiding the extremes of Lucas' constant revising or Johnson's attempts to deconstruct things and be meta.
Then there must have been quite the manoeuvring to get Ron Howard in to finish *Solo* after Lord &amp; Miller got dumped a good chunk of the way through filming. Unless Lord &amp; Miller aren't in the DGA....
No, Lauren's character doesn't think he's Van Wilder and is honestly trying to seduce Taj because she likes him. Honestly, *Van Wilder: The Rise of Taj* is in the same vein of sequels as *Short Circuit 2* or *Showgirls 2*, in that the someone greenlit a sequel to a popular or infamous film but couldn't get the original lead back...so the sequel gets to be about a secondary character from the first film. Except Fisher Stevens or Kal Penn's characters in *Short Circuit* or *Van Wilder* were a hell of lot more interesting than Rena Riffel's character in the OG *Showgirls* IMO ;)
Same here :D
Yup...in all of its direct-to-video splendour. Tried to make it a thriller or something...never watched it thankfully, but remember the various comments of horror and disbelief at its release :P
It should...pretty sure she's a natural ginger ;)
*Hotel Chevalier,* a mini-prequel to *The Darjeeling Express*.
It's quite a mouthful...but like the woman who it refers to, it's a delicious mouthful ;)
Friendly bit of advice: never refer to **any** Welsh person as "English"....doesn't go over well and starts a rant at heat and z heating at worst ;)
So...both her and her on-screen daughter have played played topless autopsy victims? What a crazy, random happenstance! ;)
Bah...Faora doesn't need a silly Earth weapon to defeat Wonder Woman! She will crush her with her bare hands! ;)
Definitely was warming up for a "Wait a minute....!" rant but then stopped when I recalled that yes, *V For Vendetta*, was based on a comic from a DC imprint. Vertigo, right?
To be fair to the porn studo/production company that made this, it's a lot easier to build a Imperial Stormtrooper costume due to the kits and plans on the Internet. First Order stormie gear would have been limited to LucasFilm/Disney owned and/or controlled sources at the point this parody was filmed. Would it have been better if someone tried to mock up a facsimile of a FO stormtrooper's helmet and armour and got it super wrong? Cuz at least they tried?
Natalie is a goddess who I've worshipped for a while, so you'll get no argument from me on the latter part. As for the former? *V For Vendetta* is an Alan Moore creation and his stuff seems to be published via DC or one of the imprints...at least his really famous stuff like *V For Vendetta* and *Watchmen*.
I get what you're putting down and I like your thinking...but Christy Carlson Romano has bigger tits that this beauty. Pretty obvious bolt-ons but bigger breasts none the less. ;)
Sadly, no...not unless Christy Carlson Romano got her implants taken out recently.
Model and actress Emily Ratajkowski, who seems to do a lot of nude and topless modelling. Mainly does modelling, though she played Ben Affleck's side piece in *Gone Girl*.
I totally agree with you but I feel like I should at least note for the record that Armando Huerta (this picture's artist) has stated he draws what he's commissioned to do. So if the person footing the bill for making a picture like this wants him to give Natalie tig ole bitties? Then he'll comply and give the commissioner what they asked for. Though I personally hope he tried to find a line where the customer gets what they wanted but things were kept a bit restrained from what could have been done.
I think it's the mouth...both Emma and Angelina have angular faces, but the angle of Emma's head here combined with her suddenly having pillowy DSLs) makes the Angelina look noticeable.
It could very well be his style but I could swear I've seen something on a forum or website talking about his artwork...or was it a response to someone's comment on DeviantArt?...where Armando himself acknowledges he's personally more into realistic or near realistic proportions for his pinup work. However, he apparently has created a demand monster where people mainly want him to draw female celebs in character or "IRL" (i.e. spoofing a look they had for a premiere, award show or photoshoot) with larger breasts than they actually possess.
To be fair....an entire planet elected a 14-year old girl to be their leader. So either Naboo has an insanely low age of majority or Palpatine was doing large-scale mental manipulation long years before becoming Emperor ;)
Believe so, yeah.
You're not wrong...both are gorgeous :D
Oddly enough? I think this might be a production still from *Green Arrow and The Canaries*...Kat seems to be wearing the same top as she is in another production shot I've seen floating around the Internet that has been attributed to *Arrow*'s sequel show.
I dunno about needing weight gain...Mia Smoak/Queen is built similarly to her aunt and I never struggled with believing Speedy could fight. Now, Mia can't fight like her father when it comes to taking on certain kinds of opponents but she was trained by Nyssa al-Ghul so I can imagine she was taught how to handle opponents who out-weigh her.
Oh, she probably does deserve one, but CBS could be paying her more to be a cast member of *Hawaii 5-0* than The CW can.
That we're shown on screen, anyway...Beckett got the coaxium heist job that saw Rio (shown here ploughing Qi'ra) and Val die from Voss BEFORE he met Han Solo, so it could be argued that Voss could have wanted to meet Beckett's entire crew at the time of the hire. Or that Qi'ra, being Voss' lieutenant, met all of them on Voss' behalf to gauge their worthiness. Head-canon for sure...but not unreasonable head-canon IMO.
Yes, she had a double mastectomy due to the high chances of her getting breast cancer, but she had implants put in.
Yes, she had a double mastectomy due to the high chances of her getting breast cancer, but she had implants put in.
Not a big wrestling fan, but I'm familiar with Becky. And I would have said this was a fake of Fem!Shepherd from the first 3 *Mass Effect* games...not Ms. Lynch.
Heather Carolin. She has a wonderful selection of photoshoots to appreciate, including a Playboy one!
Scarlett was a guest performer with the original Pussyxat Dolls (burlesque troupe, not pop group) back in like 2003 or so.
Summer checks all the boxes...she can play soft, crazy, straight-up badass, entitled bitch looking to be hatefucked, and every other category of boner fuel! But she is really the stereotypical Girl Next Door that you fantasized about giving you all of your firsts :D
Yup, as Horatio Caine's baby mama ex, if I recall right.
Nope...Alice Eve. KStew has never been that well-endowed.
Same category of celeb as Jessica Nigri...busty cosplayer who enjoys posting cocktease pics of themselves in the skimpiest possible versions of various costumes.
Hmmm...fan of Captain Marvel, it seems. That has delicious possibilities methinks... ;)
Yes...and holy crap did that bowl cut wig really make her look different!
Maybe they thought that *Discovery* would shoot in Vancouver due to its long use in genre TV?
Very good point.
While intra-planetary transport is near-instantaneous, public transporter hubs may only be available during certain times of the day and any transporter hubs not operated by Starfleet that service Starfleet facilities could have even stricter times of operation. Plus, whether it's Starfleet or the Tal Shiar/Romulans or both, Dahj is a hunted figure. I doubt she can just use a public transporter to hop from France to California. Probably had to sneak on to a cargo shuttle hauling goods that couldn't be transported or replicated to avoid detection until she found Picard at Starfleet.
I wonder if Data's application to join Starfleet wasn't treated like Nog's or even Worf's when they joined (i.e. they were members of non-Federation cultures, though Worf had presumably been granted citizenship when the Rozhenkos adopted him? That he had to get the endorsement of a member of Starfleet (a crew member or officer from the *Tripoli*?) to have his application considered and Maddox got rolled in to argue Data was an advanced machine.
Well, only if you consider promotion to the Admiralty as "imprisonment"...Janeway was the Admiral who assigned or at least gave the order for Picard and the Enterprise-E to be the Federation envoy to Shinzon's new government in *Nemesis* So...Starfleet must had been OK with most of the stuff she did while in command of Voyager, though I'm sure they also promoted her to keep her shenanigans limited to Earth and Starfleet facilities.
Pretty sure it's Jennifer on the left and Margot on the right...Margot did a shower scene (that she regrets doing) in an Australian movie and the shot on the right looks like the bathroom/shower set used.
I think it's a fair point...Disney owns a lot of IP these days and submitting artwork from something like Marvel or Star Wars fits the **letter** of the law around here but not the **spirit** (i.e. porn of Disney's animated movies and TV shows).
Ahhhhhh....gotcha.
Kate's tattoos have been acknowledged at least **three** times in the Arrowverse: 1) *Elseworlds*, where Kara gets a **very** good look at them via X-ray vision and is definitely....flustered; 2) Jacob pointing out she added the tattoos at her neck in the time she was away on her training trip (*Batwoman* S01E01); and 3) Alt-Beth pointing out that her version of Jacob Kane would have killed her Earth's version of Kate for getting **any** ink done, let alone the volume of body art Earth-1/Earth Prime Kate has at that point (presumably, he's even more narrow-minded on that Earth due to only losing Gabrielle in the crash, compared to "our" Jacob being more flexible with trying to keep a relationship with Kate in their mutual grief).
So....she didn't presumably move for a better climate. Guess there's more thirsty fans in the US of A than the UK of GB. And more cons with cosplay contests she can crush ;)
Is there a name for the fighting style the two women are using to kick the crap out of the guy? It seems similar to what was used in two Bond films (*Diamonds are Forever* and *A View to a Kill*) by Bambi &amp; Thumper and May Day respectively? Or is it just flashy combos of moves that wouldn't really work IRL?
And has a decent set of pipes, too...if the song on the radio recently "featuring Sophie Simmons" is Gene and Shannon's progeny.
#PourOneOut Cuz she sadly doesn't look like this any more....too much plastic surgery IMO.
Caity is **shredded** here! :D &lt;3
Giggity...all suited up and ready whoop ass :)
Kinda makes one wonder about Courtney appearing as Marie-Antoinette in multiple episodes this season...after Nora and Ray were written out.
Maybe have the Hawks back as their Thanagarian versions (like from DCAU), since the Time Masters talked about a Thanagarian invasion that Vandal Savage was supposed to help stop?
I'm down for servicing the Sirens of Skynet, though don't forget Shirley Manson and Helena Bonham-Carter (as Skynet herself)!
I bet the little hussy was planning on this the whole time...promising to be your wingwoman, offering up options but always selling them just poorly enough that you passed each time, totally cock-blocking you when you tried to hook up by your lonesome but always acting so contrite about it! All she really wanted was you balls deep in her tight pussy, revelling in how you were taking out your blue-ball frustration on her over and over again. Then...she drops the big taunt that she know will get you so mad that you'll rawdog her ass, not knowing she's been fantasizing about you taking her anal cherry for weeks!
Based on the rate at which Disney is acquiring IPs, it may be sooner than one thinks before it can be shown without issue ;)
She's half-Welsh and half-English...she's gonna be naturally pale. Plus, she favours her dad (actor Michael Sheen) in facial structure. Both add up to her having lots of milky skin on display :)
**This** Peyton List? Pass. She's pretty but a tad young and not my cuppa. The older actress Peyton List, who played Lisa "Golden Glider" Snart in the Arrowverse (or did pre-Crisis on Infinite Earths) and the Romulan version of Cersei Lannister in *Star Trek: Picard*? **HULK SMASH!**
Would be logical...seems Jewish-Irish pairings are not that uncommon from stuff I've read and heard. Alyson Hannigan is another example of the positive effects of inter-faith marriages where one parent is Jewish and one is of Irish descent ;)
Welsh women who can sing...you know they're gonna pack some top-shelf jubblies. Marina...Charlotte...Katherine...all blessed with an over-abubdance of lungs and chest pillows :D
She's an actress and one with a couple of major roles. I'd certainly put her far above some "celebrities" that get posted in subs like this one.
Gonna say....puberty? ;) Marina apparently is rather bipolar when it comes to her 32GG chest pillows. She's either hiding them or testing the tensile strength of her performance outfits' material.
Gotta watch Canadian TV...she was the ME that either was an ex and still loved, or just had the hots for, Louis Ferreira (*Stargate Universe*'s Colonel Young)'s police dectective on our crime drama *Motive*. Probably came to appreciate the Great White North during her time with Jim Carrey...maybe?
Congresswoman Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY). "AOC" has become a shorthand way of referring to her on Reddit and other places.
Uh....pretty sure I've seen copies of *Playboy* at my local convenience store. Don't seem to be covered in dust ;)
Her mother died from it...so yeah. She did a voluntary double mastectomy to curb her chances but got reconstructive surgery as well.
Nope...Scarlett did a guest shot with the OG Pussycat Dolls (burlesque troupe, not the girl group) like 20 years ago. This pic is of her during that performance.
While it's possible she a reduction, the triumvirate of training tone Black Widow multiple times, pregnancy and padt use of good push up bras are the more likely reasons she looks smaller in bust these days.
The baby momma he dumped for Giselle Bundchen...while Bridget was pregnant with their kid.
I dunno if she was opposed to showing it off or she was too fit/trim to realistically be a mother of three that never exercised or moderated her diet. I mean, I've heard she was basically bankrupt when she started filming *Game of Thrones* due to her (hopefully former) management embezzling or pissing away her earnings. More motivation to do nude scenes if it means better salary...I've been through bankruptcy and you start thinking differently when you know you're that broke.
Kathleen's nude scenes in *Boss* are extra special to me...I'm old enough to remember Kathleen as the daughter on the Canadian-made TV show *Maniac Mansion* (based on the LucasArts computer game) in the early 90s, and she entranced me back then as a (then) modern-day version of Marilyn Munster (the normal member of a family of weirdos).
Ah...I remember the timing wrong. Or the "outrage" certain media outlets tried to stir up when it became public Bridget was pregnant with Tom's kid when he was dating Giselle.
Opposite for her...she got breast augmentation surgery because her breasts deflated after her pregnancy and breastfeeding period for her son.
Nature kinda killed them first...she got her breasts augmented because they shrank noticeably after her pregnancy and she wanted her chest back. I'm sure if she had been someone who kept her pregnancy boobs permanently, she would have stayed natural.
Someone liberated this pic from Egocentric, I see.
She definitely had a boob job...she's acknowledged it as something she did for herself when her breasts shrank after her pregnancy with her son. Plus, while she is a huge foodie - check out her food blog www.happyopu.net - she's not as thicc as she was as when the played Kaylee Frye 18 years ago.
Between Rita, Dua Lipa and Bebe Rexha, there seems to be a trend with ethnically Albanian female celebs dying/bleaching their hair. Not sure what to think because pics of all three with their natural colour show three gorgeous Balkan beauties.
I think her marriage to record exec Tommy Mottola planted the seeds of her later issues.
Some of us know her from stuff nearly 30 years old (*Space Cases* and *Flash Forward*)...but Kaylee is probably her biggest role. That or Jen Keller on *Stargate: Atlantis*.
This has to be some crazy Photoshop manipulation...right?!
Goth Felicity Smoak was a nice bonus too...and a good callback to her college hacker days as established in *Arrow*.
In this pic? Totally would believe she is Ariana's bustier sister :P
Almost didn't recognize Caity here...still has some baby fat in her face at this point. Gorgeous then, gorgeous now :)
It is a beautiful surname but Hollywood loves encouraging actors and actresses to whitewash their names for marketability. Been like that for years...fellow Persian goddess Sarah Shahi's actual name is Aahoo Jahansouz Shahi; Rita Hayworth was born Margarita Carmen Cansino and was half-Spanish; famed soap opera actor (and father to Jennifer) John Aniston is Greek and was born Yiannis Antonios Anastasakis...
Not weird at all....Kat is totally throwing down a vibe of "50s housewife you just wanna wreck" in this pic. P
Sullivan Stapleton is a lucky guy, don't get me wrong...but does he ever shave?! I can't imagine what a kissing or love scene with him is like when his face looks like it should feel like extra-coarse sandpaper!
She's Mrs. Rami Malek?! Damn...gotta learn the secret of being awkward in the way that pulls goddesses like Emmy or Geoff Arend did with Christina Hendricks (before their marriage imploded years later) :O
Ahhhhhh...whoops ;)
RIP Armando Huerta...your work was unique and shall never be forgotten :(
Wrong *Carmen Sandiego* show...your schoolmates would appeared on "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?" or "Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego?" (the PBS produced game shows). This show was a Fox Kids cartoon series with occasional CGI shots and the OG *Reboot*-style "Player" guiding the sibling ACME detectives Ivy and Zack.
Definitely wouldn't mind playing with Yo-Yo's ya-yas :D
Should Kara be thankful that Alura's not bringing up Astra in this argument? Cuz I could see Alura being all "This is my fault...I let my sister spend too much time with you! Astra turned out to be a terrorist, now my only child consorts with criminals!"
Since Daxam was settled by exiles/explorers from Krypton who weren't down living the Kryptonian lifestyle anymore, I can see "El" transitioning to be like human surnames related to a profession or descriptive quality...that "El" means "hope" in Daxam Kryptonese but without the assumed connection to Kara and Clark's family.
