V A L U A B L E D I S C O U R S E A L U A B L E D I S C O U R S E thank you /u/spez
Naja derjenige den du hier mit deinem Kommentar "beschützen" willst wollte die AfD als eine frauenfreundliche Partei abstempeln. Das hat nicht mehr viel mit Meinungsäußerung zu tun sondern einfach nur noch mit Faktendreherei. Da sollte es niemanden wundern dafür gedownvoted zu werden.
Just because it's a comedic scene doesn't mean that it serves no other purpose.
T_D is the extreme on the right side. You don't get to frequent T_D and call yourself a centrist
Kommentare wie diese halten mir immer wieder klar vor Augen dass ich sehr viel weniger Plan von Wirtschaft und Finanzen habe als ich denke.
Huh, didn't know that that's possible. I actually tried to buy the original recently, but since the game is not produced anymore you have to pay like $60 for an original copy. I found a cracked version via google easily (for 3 &amp; 4) and I had to use a SCUMM emulator for them.
I know but I find it kind of meh, I honestly prefer the 4th over the 5th (although nostalgia probably has a lot to do with that) THe 5th is... okay. It has some good riddles and some good humor. But all in all it feels like fan fiction Monkey Island to me. Especially that female pirate hunter who just *screams* "author surrogate" to me. I also did not like the direction they went with the voodoo lady so I try to ignore that part from canon, because it kinda ruins her character retroactively.
Yes. Actual racists *love* to point out that the left labels everyone to their right as racist... nevermind the fact that they are *actually being racist*. I've never seen someone call people racist who are simply for stricter immigration policies. But whenever someone tries to paint all immigrants with one brush, that's a different story entirely.
That's true, and I don't think there's anyone who's denying that. But that doesn't mean that we have to stop all immigration, and it certainly doesn't mean that we can make generalizations against all immigrants. High immigration *always* has short-term problems and consequences for the target country. That's unavoidable. But it doesn't mean that we're just importing a bunch of criminals.
&gt; because everyone is afraid being called a bigot/islamophobe What the hell are you talking about? Far-right parties are on the rise all over the world. I don't think people have felt so comfortable speaking out against foreigners since the end of WWII. We have literal Neo Nazis in the ranks of Germany's most prominent right-wing party, Brexit was a huge success with their anti-migration propaganda, Donald Trump is empowering white supremacists and don't get me started on Austria. People are talking about the evil immigrants constantly. No one is afraid to talk about it. And when you *rightfully* call out some of the anti-immigration propaganda as racist (not all of it is, but a lot of it is) people say that "the left is calling everyone a Nazi!!!!111 :((("
He's got a steady job, an app in development, and is married. Who cares about the tattoo?
&gt; Please find my a mainstream politician going out and saying that perhaps mass-immigration of males from countries that treat women like cattle isn't a very good idea long-term. You don't hear that from a mainstream politician. Because it's a thing that center/center-left politicians disagree with? The reason why only right-wing politicians say stuff like that is because it's a right-wing position. Most center/left politicians think that the humanitarian aspect of taking in refugees is more important than inner security. I tend to agree, especially since the criminality statistics are often exaggerated or taken out of context, and since there are actually a lot of studies that show that mass immigration might benefit a country in the long term. I guess the most "mainstream" you get in regards to politicians speaking out against immigration is the CSU, or some people in the FDP.
You're talking in legal terms. A murderer is guilty of the murder no matter if he's convicted or not. Of course you're innocent until proven guilty in a courtroom, but that doesn't mean that you're always *innocent* just because the court hasn't found you guilty.
Of course the court should let people go who are found innocent under the law, but that doesn't mean that that's the end of all of it. I don't really get what you're trying to say here. If I *know* that you murdered my kid, that doesn't mean that I'm just like "welp, okay then!" just because the court has ruled you innocent. Yes you're free to go, but you're still *guilty*. Just not legally.
You know some of those childhood memories that make you sad for some reason even though they're really innocent? Like that one time you disappointed a parent or something, and it's not a big deal at all, but you can't stop feeling guilty about it every time you think about it? WHen I was 6 or so, my mom got me three bath bombs for my birthday. I don't remember the colors, probably red, blue and green or something. I was *so* excited to try them out! But I insisted on throwing them all in at once. My mom said that that's not a great idea, but I wanted to! I wanted the water to turn all kinds of colors! So I threw them all in, the water turned a sluggish brown and it sucked. I'm pretty sure I actually cried afterwards, because I wasted my awesome birthday present on a shitty experience. It's such a dumb thing, I know, but it makes me sad everytime I think about it.
The fungus has been found to be harmless to humans, and it doesn't damage plants or the infrastructure of buildings either. It just looks dirty.
Apparently it needs alcohol vapor to survive. I figure that human lungs probably aren't a survivable environment for that kind of fungus. (I have no idea, but that's my best guess)
...And it's drawn by notorious pedophile and possibly Neonazi Shadman
He's not a pedophile? He draws literal child porn. I'm not so sure about the Nazi stuff because he *draws* Nazis but that doesn't necessarily mean that you agree with the ideology (like Lemmy Kilmister, RIP, former frontman of Motörhead, who collected Nazi memorabilia, but was definitely not a Nazi)
I'm truly sorry, I did not mean to compare drawn child porn to actual sexual abuse of children. I meant no offense. But drawn child porn is still child porn, even if the circumstances are different and no one has been harmed in the making. It still has a negative effect on society, because stuff like loli only encourages actual pedophiles (I don't buy the "It's an outlet!"-bull). And the fact of the matter is that Shadman draws underaged people having sex. Sometimes small children. That mean that he's very likely a pedophile himself, or at the very least enjoys catering to them.
I'm sorry for what you went through and I'm glad that you find a way to cope. But I'm not apologizing for speaking out against drawn CP.
I never understood why people care so much, I mean it's super easy to filter them out. Besides, people keep saying that there are like trillions of anti-Trump subs but there are only a couple of big ones (EnoughTrumpSpam, resist and TrumpCriticizesTrump)
I fully expected him to just open the beer with a regular bottle opener in the end. I did not expect the brick.
I often do something similar but I prepare the cream myself (fry up some mushrooms, onion and garlic and mix it with cream and chicken broth) and add some black beans and parsley. It's heaven.
Human rights should always apply to everyone, no matter who you are and no matter where you are.
/r/GoodFakeTexts
We need more nudity in American TV, but above all else, we need more *male* nudity.
I would kill for a Fallout 2 remake. I tried playing it but I just couldn't get into it. The 2D top down view wasn't an issue for me and I loved the characters and the humor, but the controls simply don't hold up well at all, the skill balancing is shit and the saving system is just atrocious by modern standards.
Honestly I never even considered this meme to be racist until now. Obviously it is and I don't know why I didn't think about that. This thread is kind of an eye opener for me as well lmao
Tony Hawk seems like such a wholesome dude. I suggest watching that video of him trying to do a 900 for his last time. It's a great watch.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure Fallout 2 didn't have a quicksave option. Every time I wanted to try something, I remember painstakingly going to the menu and having to save manually - and there are only 10 or so save slots, and the game recommends using all of them because it's possible to fuck things up *real* bad irreversibly. So you always had to overwrite slots, but were never really sure which slot you should overwrite because you didn't accidentally want to fuck up your saves.
Hahaha, sorry. I get annoyed too when people mention videos and don't post them. Now I've become "that guy" myself.
&gt;Money is also meaningless, and countries and languages can change as well. Is that really your argument? If you have no money, you can't afford housing, food, comfort or safety and you will die. Money is one of the most important thing in this world. It's a social construct, but a powerful one. And just because things can change, just like countries and languages, doesn't mean that they aren't real. Money, countries, languages and gender are all social construct, and they are also all very much *real* and have *real consequences*.
See also: Lame scientists like Dawkins or NDT talking about literally anything else but their narrow fields they work in.
Uhm, yeah? You are kinda making my argument for me? Money is a social construct - just a piece of paper that we give value to. That doesn't mean that it's not real or not important. Because it is.
i went skiing in france once and i saw, like, at least 5 different womz maybe 1 was u??
Some of them probably, but certainly not all of them. I do believe that many are probably just "sympathizing" with the idea of communism though, and not full on communists.
That's a decent order, I think mine is similar but I would rank TLJ higher. Probably either before or behind 7, I haven't made up my mind yet. I quite liked both movies.
idk I was drunk a lot me too thanks
A bad guy doesn't *have* to be relatable. A lot of iconic bad guys in fiction aren't relatable. This character was very clearly created to be extremely unlikable.
Thing is that the concept of "cultural appropriation", like so many things, is severely misunderstood by many of those who preach it as well as those who oppose it. It pretty much just means that you shouldn't steal or demean cultures, *especially* not from people who have been systematically oppressed in the past by your own culture. Listening to rap music, speaking Japanese, eating tacos etc. is *not* cultural appropriation. It's pretty much the opposite really - it is showing appreciation to a foreign culture. Cultural appropriation is making a mockery of something, for example black face, cheaply dressing up as racist stereotypes, having a team called "Washington Redskins", faking accents in a racist way, etc. Cultural appropriation is taking something else from a different culture and making it your own thing without giving any due credit (I love Led Zeppelin, but they are huge offenders of this).
I've been on reddit for 6 years now, and this is most likely in the top 20 of saddest and most pathetic things I have ever read. ANd that says a *lot*, believe me.
Well, it's both. That's the thing about cultural appropriation, it's usually racist. I mean we can argue over semantics here, but I don't see the point. People say "stealing" to pirating software too, even though you're technically not taking something away from someone else. The team name Washington Redskins isn't really culturally appropriation though - you're right - but they're mascot most certainly is.
I chose Led Zeppelin as an example because they profited of Black jazz and blues music which wasn't copyrighted, but it was definitely a "Black" thing. They popularized the songs and got hugely popular with white people. That's *not* necessarily a bad thing - I don't think that Led Zeppelin are just a bunch of racist assholes. But giving credit where credit is due is what they should've done, and what a lot of other white musicians of that era who popularized Black music actually *did*. But that's the thing about cultural appropriation. Usually it's not outright evil and explicit racism. It's just things that people do that are culturally insensitive, often without realizing it. I think that everyone in the world is guilty of this, to some extent, but we can recognize our own prejudiced and insensitive behavior and try to avoid it. Besides, in your examples you were simply talking about cultures as if all cultures have an equal relationship to each other. But you gotta keep power imbalances and historical, social circumstances in mind as well. When blues and jazz got big, Black people were pretty much *just* out of slavery and still heavily discriminated against. White people trying to profit off of (or mock) *their* culture is very different than, let's say, a French guy doing the same thing to a German.
Eh, probably not. It very much depends on the context. The thing is that with these kinds of situations, there are always subtleties to keep in mind. What does the symbol *mean* to the other culture? *Why* do you want to display it yourself? Are you doing it in a respectful way, or are you doing a mockery of it (consciously or subconsciously?) Do people from the other culture suffer from racism from your culture? Have they done so in the past? Or the other way around? Of course you can't ask everyone to examine each of their choices every time their try to interact with a different culture. But I think that you *can* expect people to try and be a little more sensitive about this stuff. Using a racist caricature of the people that your ancestors raped, murdered, and stole their land from for your shitty sports team? Absolutely not okay. Eating sushi and trying to greet the servers in Japanese? Totally fine. Getting a wrongly spelled Chinese tattoo of some kind of ancient saying on your lower back? Ehh... Probably fine, kinda, but stupid. Edit: Oh yeah and I forgot the most important part: INTENT. Of course you can still be racist even if you don't realize that you are, and aren't meaning to be, but it's a big difference to actually, in full knowledge, disrespect other cultures and make fun of them.
Sweet Dee?
&gt;Listening to rap music, speaking Japanese, eating tacos etc. is not cultural appropriation. It's pretty much the opposite really - it is showing appreciation to a foreign culture. Did you just ignore that paragraph or what?
https://youtu.be/bL4nHYFZoGs?t=380 The part in this video I linked to maybe helps illustrate my viewpoint (I chose Led Zeppelin as an example because I just recently watched that video myself)
So fucking fake
I think you're being a bit too generous here. The woman said that when she went back to the bathroom and he apologized, she thought it was fine. Had he ended his advances there, I would agree with you - he misunderstood the situation, it was a negative experience, but it wasn't assault or coercion. But unfortunately the story *didn't* end there (if the account is correct) and Aziz Ansari continued to be a massive creep until the woman broke down in tears. That's not just behavior "we've all been guilty of at some point", that's completely over the line.
Doesn't it turn out that Fun Bobby drank like... 3 or 4 bottles himself? So, the others only had like half a glass each?
Are we using a different website? This is reddit. People will *always* side with the dude. And look at that thread, they clearly did, even though neither the guy nor the girl provided any evidence.
"Partei Deutschlands" beschreibt die SPD ziemlich gut.
Late to this thread, but see, I don't get *that* viewpoint at all. Black Mirror is often just that, but I don't think it *should* be that, otherwise it just becomes predictable and lazy. You don't need a TV show that is terrible terrible tragedy over and over again in every single episode. Episodes like San Junipero help keep Black Mirror fresh. Otherwise, I think I'd get tired of it eventually. If every single storyline they explore just ends in tragedy, where's the suspense?
Honestly my experience is very different. When "harmless" comments get posted they may ridicule the fact that it's simply not funny, but otherwise there's really no bullying going on. ComedyCemetery even has kind of a love/hate relationship with Adam Ellis, whose comics suck, but are also kinda cute sometimes. Racist/sexist/homophobic or transphobic jokes on the other hand usually get shot down *fast*. ComedyCemetery is a decent sub and always has been. I'm actually pretty surprised at that thread, it really is an exception. I've been a long-time subscriber and the userbase is fine, usually.
Hmm yeah I know what you're talking about. In all fairness, I do think that it is just a really really bad webcomic, but you're right in that it probably gets more hate than it really deserves.
You should crosspost to /r/bier!
Why the fuck is it "For Ansair or Against Ansari"??? People here are claiming that "his name has been cleared" or anything like that because of a commentary on CNN? Look, I'm not calling Aziz Ansari a rapist, and of course you can argue about whether or not this belongs to the #MeToo movement or not. But honestly, the amount of people here who are just saying that Ansari didn't do anything wrong, that the woman who accused him is a bitch, etc. etc. etc. is super frustrating to me. Even though Ansari isn't a sexual predator, can't we still agree that what he did (if the account is correct) was still creepy, super inappropriate and just overall really bad behavior? A "bad sexual encounter" doesn't usually end in tears. Consent is not just about rapists. It's also about making sure that everyone is comfortable and on the same page together. If the evening happened the way Grace described, then it's not just "a bad sexual encounter", but it's a string of events where Ansari did not respect her wishes - sure he didn't *force* her, but he still did not behave appropriately. And I think it's still totally fair to call him out on that.
You're not wrong, but I'd argue that treating someone differently because of his political opinion is not nearly as bad or immoral as treating someone different because of his ethnicity.
That's like saying that cheese and red wine are France's meme foods
I mean a lot of people here are saying that he did nothing wrong. That's what irks me. I don't think this is a situation where you have to "take sides" (and pretty much everyone in this thread is just very clearly taking Ansari's side), it's a nuanced situation where both parties could've reacted a lot better and I don't think that Ansari is just blame-free.
Yes, I agree with that.
I don't know what you mean by that? I certainly don't wanna see Ansari jailed. That's ridiculous.
Isn't it kinda weird to *not* do that? I don't even have particularly bushy eyebrows, but every couple of months I trim the middle. My eyebrows are a darker color than my hair so it becomes visible if I let it grow too much.
Maybe it's not eaten in all regions of Germany, but it's still just an extremely German food like bread, beer, Sauerkraut, Döner or Currywurst. I don't see why it should have "meme food" status, that kinda implies that it's not actually good or something like that. It's just a very German food. When I hear "meme food", I think crushed doritos disolved in Mountain Dew. Edit: Or Tidepods lol
&gt;People are recognizing nuance, that's the whole point. Well if you read this entire thread, apparently not. This video is honestly super stupid because it completely ignores Ansaris shitty behavior and I don't think many people have called him a rapist either. Not Grace the accuser, and not even any of the feminists I talked to so far who were on her side. Consent is not always just about rape. It's also about making sure that both parties are comfortable and on the same side, which obviously was not the case in this situation (if the account is correct). I wouldn't call what Ansari did sexual assault. I would call it super inappropriate behavior though, and a perfect case of him not respecting her boundaries at all. And that is also a good thing to call out, so that women don't have to feel pressured in these sort of situations. People in this thread don't recognize nuance at all (and neither does the creator of this video). Apparently it's either for or against Ansari, when instead, we should all take a look at the situation and recognize what went wrong and how each of us can do better on dates.
&gt;And it’s important for people to see that those of us that are disappointed in Aziz, and technically on the side of the accuser, don’t think Aziz is a literal rapist. Exactly, this is what I've been trying to tell people on this damn website for a couple of days now. We're not calling Ansari a rapist. We're calling him our for inappropriate and creepy behavior. There's a huge difference and the creator of this video doesn't seem to understand this, the vast majority of redditors don't seem to understand it either. No one wants to see him fucking jailed or exiled from society. We want people to see what he did wrong and *why* what he did was wrong.
&gt; Is pressuring someone into sex the same as sexually assaulting someone? The video creator is the one who made the "Ansari = rapist" connection. I have not seen anyone so far, not even my most outspoken "SJW"-friends call Ansari a rapist. It's not about rape, it's about inappropriate behavior in the bedroom and not respecting boundaries.
/r/GoodFakeTexts Oh wait wrong sub
I mean yeah but the time power is useful for so many other things and not just making money. Even if I wouldn't be able to make 5mil with the time power, I'd sill choose it.
There are a bunch of subs that ban users that have ever commented on T_D (It's automated), I think it's not really an unreasonable rule. Obviously it sometimes catches people like you, but it also eliminates the vast majority of reddit's shitty side so that's an upside. Usually you can just message the mods and explain. I was banned in one of my favourite subs once because I accidentally commented in KiA (didn't realize I was on that subreddit), I messaged the mods and they lifted the ban immediately.
Yeah I get that but it's not like someone looked through your post history and made a conscious effort to ban you or anything. You can set up a bot that detects subscribers histories and they just blanket ban people. Might seem overkill but meh, it works.
It's not a straman if it's true though I've interacted with enough conservatives to tell you that a lot of them have this exact mindset
The video is very obviously *staged*, no one is debating that. The question is whether the guy really did all the individual stunts or if there is CGI/editing magic going on.
Surprisingly wholesome
Garrison was always kinda nutty though. Even before /pol/ turned his comis into literal Neo Nazi shit he made stupid comics about crazy conspiracy theories &amp; stuff. He was never good, he just got from bad to worse.
So I don't really want to argue about the pros and cons of Clash Royale because I totally see why people don't like their business model, but the game is *not* pay to win. In fact, buying stuff with real life money doesn't really get you anything because the people you play against are always in your general skill-level, depending on how good you are. I haven't paid a single cent and I'm playing in the highest arena. It just takes time instead of money. But I play the game because I think it's fun and not because I necessarily want to advance, so I don't mind that leveling up takes a long time. Leveling up doesn't even *get* you anything. You get better, but you also play against better players, so it really doesn't matter. It's not like in Battlefield 2 where you play against other players who have a very obvious advantage over you if they paid money and you haven't.
It's one of those threads that look innnocent out of context because they're technically true. I mean, yeah, the vast majority of regular cis women will be massively disadvantaged in many many sports like football, and the biological difference is too great to overcome. BUT this is reddit. It's not the fact that people are saying "this isn't possible", it's the fact that they jump onto every single opportunity to shit on women and circlejerk over how biologically superior men are in every way.
Probably wouldn't taste terrible, but the toppings look kinda sad for a homemade pizza and it would just be a giant mess to eat and clean.
This is not "ironic racism" in the way that racists use it. This is imitating and mocking far-right language.
lol Downvotes weil man einen Fehler einsieht? Was ist los /r/de?
Gutes Argument. Weil du etwas bescheuert findest heißt es nicht dass es falsch ist. Dein ach so schöner **:)** smiley ist nicht sehr unterschiedlich von Republikanern, die die globale Erderwärmung abstreiten oder Anti-Vaxxern die jede Studie die gegen sie spricht ignorieren. Es ist so unglaublich leicht ein riesiges akademisches Feld (was, btw, durchaus auch mit naturwissenschaftlichen Feldern wie zb. der Biologie und Medizin überlappt) zu belächeln nur weil man es nicht versteht und/oder wahrhaben will.
Aber ist es bei Männern auch nur annähernd so gegendert wie bei Frauen? Werden Männer als Bubis oder Jungen bezeichnet? Ist ne ehrliche Frage übrigens, mich würd's wundern aber ich lasse mich gerne vom Gegenteil überzeugen.
Ich finde das kann man so wirklich nicht vergleichen. Ich kann mir kein Szenario vorstellen, wo die CDU sich für eine Minderheitenregierung bereit erklären würde. Neuwählen sind da doch um *einiges* wahrscheinlicher, oder? Wenn die SPD die GroKo abgelehnt hätte, wäre es mit der allergrößten Wahrscheinlichkeit zu Neuwahlen gekommen, und da kommen wir wieder zum Argument zurück dass diese wahrscheinlich nicht viel ändern würden.
Das ist auch immer das Argument meiner Familie wenn ich für Impfpflicht argumentiere. Keine von denen sind Impfgegner, aber wenn man sich für eine Impfpflicht ausspricht heißt es "Wo hört man denn da auf, man kann doch nicht einfach jeden mit allen möglichen Sachen vollpumpen!" Mama, so schwer ist es wirklich nicht. Es gibt ein paar "Standard"-Impfungen wo Jahrzehntelange Forschung hintersteckt und die sowieso im Regelfall absolut jedes Kind kriegt. Mach die verpflichtend, den Rest nicht, und damit hat sich die Sache. "Ja und wer soll das dann entscheiden??" Mama, was ist das denn für ne Frage. Wofür haben wir denn ne Regierung. "Aber woher soll man denn wissen wo man den Stricht zieht??" MAMA DU HAST 6 KINDER DIE ALLE DIE GLEICHEN IMPFUNGEN GEKRIEGT HABEN, DA ZIEHT MAN DIE LINIE, DAS IST NICHT SO SCHWER
Mein Kommentar hat sich auch überhaupt nicht gegen dich gerichtet! War nur so ne Anekdote. :D
School of Life ist sowieso absoluter pseudo-intellektueller Bullshit
Darum gehts ja gerade - es ist nicht das gleiche, aber es ist etwas ähnliches und innovatives und darauf fährt die neue Generation halt ab. Das mag man als mid-20er nicht unbedingt verstehen, aber genau das ist doch der springende Punkt.
Wäähhh, hör auf Rassisten rassistisch zu nennen, das verletzt ihre Gefühle!!! :(((
Oh fucking hell stop excusing horrible actions by the US government.
Wovon redest du??? Die AfD vergleicht hier die freie Wahl einer Parteizugehörigkeit mit der Judenverfolgung '33, was ganz sicher *keine* Wahl war. Hatte man jüdische Eltern war man Jude und wurde verfolgt, weggesperrt und ermordet, völlig egal was man selbst glaubt.
Verstehe deine Aussage nicht. Natürlich ist der Krieg "irgendwann" vorbei, aber was soll das denn heißen? Er könnte nächste Woche vorbei sein, er könnte aber auch erst in 15 Jahren vorbei sein, sollen die Syrer hier in Deutschland in der Zwischenzeit nur Däumchen drehen? Die wissen doch nicht ob und wann sie wieder zurückkönnen, es ist schließlich auch gut möglich dass sich die Möglichkeit für sie überhaupt nicht mehr ergeben wird. Also wollen die meisten sich hier in jedem Fall ein Leben aufbauen, und wenn das nicht gelingt führt das verständlicherweise zu Frustration.
Nah man, I mean of course it helps, but Gosling is freaking gorgeous just... naturally. I don't know how but I went years in my life without ever watching a movie with Ryan Gosling in it, and when I somewhat recently saw one for the first time one of my first thoughts was "Holy shit that guy is attractive", and I'm a straight guy.
If, by "hearing a lot of stories", you're by chance referring to that 2016 reddit thread that asked specifically this question right after the election, I wouldn't trust it as a source. That thread was brigaded to shit by T_D users and it was super obvious when you saw it happening live (which I did). Almost not a single one of the stories, no matter if positive or negative, could be proven (I mean, obviously, since the thread only asked for personal encounters) but all the positive responses floated to the top and the negative ones were downvoted heavily. Since neither can be proven, it's obvious that there was brigading going on. And the same exact same thing is happening here right now! Of all the people replying to you, the positive responses are upvoted and the 2 negative comments downvoted, completely without reason! Both sides could be lying through their teeth or telling the truth, we have no idea, but somehow only one side is up- and the other downvoted. I don't know if you're referring to that thread, and I'm of course not saying that people who claim to have had pleasant encounters with Trump are all lying or anything, but I'm just saying. Don't believe everything you read on the internet, especially reddit. Edit: I legit would like a response from the 5 people who downvoted me so far. Because all it does is honestly just proving my point. Nothing I said is even judgmental in any way, I am just stating what happened here and in that thread, which literally everybody can see with their own eyes.
That thread was brigaded to shit. First look at the top responses and then sort by controversial. Notice how *all* the positive responses are upvoted, while *all* negative responses are downvoted or at least marked controversial? We have zero proof for any of the claims since they're all just personal experiences. They are anecdotes. Both "sides" could either be lying through their teeth and trying to frame Trump as something he's not or telling the complete truth. But only one side is upvoted, while the other side is ignored and/or downvoted. Weird how that happens 🤔🤔🤔
To be fair, I think it's totally legitimate to be outspoken against religions, as long as you're not generalizing all religious people as stupid idiots. Religions aren't always just "good" or "bad", and religious people certainly aren't either, but you can be a critic of a lot of the evil shit that religion causes.
Well I wasn't talking about /r/atheism (although I doubt that that's really a prevelant opinion on that sub. It's bad, but it's not *that* bad)
Schafskäse seh ich ab und an mal aber Jalapenos auf nem Döner ist mir neu.
Root beer schmeckt wie wenn man den cola-artigen Geschmack von Dr Pepper entfernen würde und nur noch... der Root Beer Geschmack halt da wäre lol
Yes, it's clearly the gay men's fault that homophobia exists. I don't know what you're trying to accomplish with these kinds of comments. It's homophobic garbage to claim that every anti-gay preacher is secretly gay. Plenty of straights are to blame for the persecution of gay people.
Just buy and sell a couple cars again. You'll soon be a millionaire.
Not really. They tolerate literal Nazis in their midst. www.wir-sind-afd.de
I wish you all the best in your endeavors but it just seems like a smaller scale Untappd clone. And Untappd is already excellent at what it does. Is there anything innovative about your app? Not trying to be a dick or anything, just curious, because it seems redundant to have a smaller scale app for beer only for Belgian styles when Untappd already does all of the things you mentioned for *all* beers.
"Being the bigger person", "taking the high road", etc., these often only apply to privileged people. When minorities "take the high road" they lose their rights because it means not fighting back.
I have. They're great.
&gt;Nah, most ppl just couldn't care less about it. &gt;Its like the joke with vegans that always tell you they're vegan. Ppl started hating on vegans not cause they're vegans, but cause they're annoying. Its the same kind of hate that pride months and stuff like this achieves. The irony of bringing up vegans out of nowhere just to complain about how they always shove it down your throat
It's one of the better light beers if you ask me. It doesn't have much taste to it but sometimes that's what you want. More importantly (in my opinion) - it doesn't have a *shitty* taste to it like many other cheap beers like Budweiser or Coors.
You're not pathetic. You're doing what you can to survive. Many people turn to sex work when times are desperate and society has got to stop demonizing it. I'm not saying that your situation is good or even ethical. The son is taking advantage of you and you're a victim here. But don't be ashamed. I can understand that you don't want to go to a lawyer with this but never think of yourself as weak or disgusting for doing the best that you can to not end up homeless.
"I would likely allow her to have sexual relations with me" Just shut the fuck up
Interessant. Wenn du neue Leute kennenlernst, forderst du sie immer zu einem Gentest auf und guckst ihnen zwischen die Beine?
If you're a regular on TD the chances are pretty good that you know who stonetoss is and agree with his views.
It's not a wrong descriptor for stonetoss tho He is, at the very very least, a white supremacist, and the difference between Nazis and white supremacist isn't a big (or even very important) one.
Look it doesn't freaking matter. White supremacists are trash. And Nazis are just white supremacists with some extra shit sprinkles on top. The question *I'm* asking is why you're so concerned with protecting a piece of shit like stonetoss. There are more important battles to fight than to argue whether someone is a white supremacist piece of shit or a Nazi piece of shit. They are almost the same thing anyway. By saying "B-b-but he's not a Nazi!" you're just destracting from the real issue: That he's a piece of shit. (Also, I've seen enough of his comics to confidently say that he is, in fact, a Nazi (or Nazi sympathizer))
Leider wird es *immer* Tropfen auf dem Boden und den Schuhen geben, egal wie vorsichtig man ist. Man unterschätzt wie viel bei einem Urinal (oder auch beim Pinkeln aus dem Stehen auf normalen Klos) daneben geht. So ein Strahl auf Porzellan teilt sich halt in tausende winzige Tröpfchen die man meistens gar nicht sieht, aber jeder der schonmal barfuß im stehen gepinkelt hat weiß wie viel dabei daneben geht, egal wie gut man zielt. Oder wenn man irgendwo aufs Klo geht wo es dunkle Fliesen gibt, da sieht man die ganzen kleinen Tröpfchen auch sofort.
I'm German. I'm pretty sure I know more about Nazis and their views than you do. &gt;it's highly unlikely for someone to actually be a nazi because number 1 the nazi party isnt a thing anymore, so the only way you can be a nazi is if you're supporting them flying the flag and telling people "Hey im a nazi" That must be the most naive thing I've read on reddit all week. Wake up and look around. Look at Charlottesville for fuck's sake.
Wow the original plot sounds hella boring, overdone, and slightly sexist.
???
Didn't realize that calling Nazis Nazis was such an unpopular opinion.
Probier's aus. Ich war schon oft genug mit Flip Flops irgendwo wo ein Urinal die einzige Möglichkeit war (Festivals zb) und da schaudert es mir immer. Die Füße kriegen ständig Tröpfchen ab. Und wie gesagt, bei gut beleuchteten Klos mit dunklen Fliesen sieht man es auch sofort.
Do you personally feel affected in major ways by refugees? Has crime skyrocketed as every far-right politician claims? Are German streets unsafe? Do refugees really cause major issues because we just don't know what to do with them? They are hurdles to be sure. There are problems that have to be taken care of and I agree that there is much room for improvement. But to claim that we have "absolutely no clue how to deal with the refugees and migrants" is a drastic exaggeration. There are *always* problems when you have to integrate such a large number of people in such a short time, but all things considered, we could've done much worse. At the very least, we are doing a whole lot better now than when we took in all of the Turkish workers and just assumed that they would leave again, so we didn't even bother to try and integrate them.
Also mein Strahl ist in der Regel schon ein starker :P
They actually kept him alive against his will.
&gt;Damn you really rock that "HOW DARE YOU CRITICIZE MASSIMMIGRATION" style. Don't know where the heck you're getting from since I very clearly stated that yes, there are problems and there is room for improvement. I just take issue with the claim that Germany apparently has no plan whatsoever for refugees, that's simply false.
Doesn't your podcast player allow you to skip through them? I don't think it's a big deal to pull out your phone and hit that +30 button once or twice when an ad plays.
Ich glaube kaum dass 70% der Deutschen Angst davor haben, durch rechtsextremen Terror zu sterben.
&gt;Dafür gibt es ja den Begriff Kommunist und dieser ist nicht in das bürgerliche Politikspektrum einzuordnen Moment, verstehe ich dich gerade falsch oder stellst du gerade Kommunist mit Antikapitalist gleich? Denn... das macht wenig Sinn. Nur weil man Antikapitalist ist heißt das noch lange nicht dass man direkt Kommunist ist.
Hey, gib /u/Vepanion ne Chance. Vielleicht meint er ja auch die amerikanischen Antifaschisten die blind zugeschaut haben als amerikanische Japaner in Lager gesteckt wurden. Oder vielleicht die Antifaschisten die sich geweigert haben mit Schwarzen Seite an Seite zu kämpfen. Oder die Antifaschisten die Juden Asyl verweigert haben. Oder die Antifaschisten die nach dem Krieg die "befreiten" Homosexuellen aus dem Konzentrationslager wieder eingesperrt haben.
Okay, wurde aus deinem Kommentar nicht ganz deutlich was du meintest!
Catalyst's movement is awful. The thing that made Mirror's Edge great is how natural it felt - you had to build momentum to actually make jumps. In Catalyst you can literally jump huge gaps from a standing start. It feels so fake because they didn't bother to implement any kind of momentum at all. Also the open world simply doesn't work.
lmao you can really read all of reddit's insecurities in that one thread
Ich habe nie ganz aufgehört Schulz zu mögen. Er hat Scheiße gebaut, aber ich halte ihn trotzdem für einen intelligenten Menschen der weiß wovon er spricht. Ich war so kurz davor mal wieder SPD zu wählen, aber... er hat's halt verkackt.
I did not know this, but of course that doesn't make it any less shitty.
Sure but of course it's not meant to be something you just do regularly. It's just a silly thing to try out if you wanna impress your friends or something.
Well I guess you have a point. Although most of the stuff on the frontpage right now is just genuinely terrible lol
Of course it would. Why would Trump want to merge them if not to slash government spending?
Ich kenne ein paar Sex Worker und absolut jeder setzt sich für komplette Dekriminalisierung und Destigmatisierung ein. Das nordische Modell ist scheiße für Prostituierte. Du schädigst damit genau den Frauen, die du schützen willst. Von einem Artikel aus der Zeit: &gt;Auch das nordische Modell hat seine Schwächen. Da es das Ziel der schwedischen Regierung ist, die Prostitution abzuschaffen, werden etwa weniger Kondome an die Frauen verteilt. Das würde nur ermutigen. Hilfen für die Frauen wurden aus dem gleichen Grund gestrichen. Und weil das Vermieten von Räumen zur Prostitution illegal ist, werden die Frauen immer wieder aus ihren Wohnungen geschmissen. Sie müssen heimlich agieren, weil die Kunden immer in der Angst leben, erwischt zu werden. Am Ende ist es eine Abwägungssache. Manchmal muss man ein kleines Unrecht begehen, um ein größeres zu verhindern. Und das größere Problem ist der Menschenhandel. Es verdienen sich auch eine Unmenge an Queer Menschen ihr Geld mit Sex Work - Cam shows zb. - wenn man denen mehr Hindernisse in den Weg legt machst du ihr Leben nur noch schwerer als es ohnehin schon ist. Zwangsprostitution ist definitiv ein Problem, aber die Lösung ist ganz sicher nicht das Arbeitsfeld noch weiter zu erschweren, womit du nur den Sex Workern schadest. Edit: Hier auch ein guter Artikel zum Thema: https://www.bmj.com/content/361/bmj.k2609
&gt;All of them? Every single one? Yes.
Ich stimme dir völlig zu - aber siehst du denn nicht das Problem mit deiner eigenen Argumentation? Es ist für viele ihre letzte Alternative, warum also sollten wir diese noch weiter erschweren (wie es zb. im nordischen Modell passiert)? Du hilfst doch verzweifelten Frauen und Transfrauen nicht, indem du ihnen eine der wenigen Arbeitsmöglichkeiten wegnimmst die sie noch haben, egal wie scheiße es für sie ist. Ich will Prostitution überhaupt nicht schönreden, ganz im Gegenteil. Ich weiß wie viel damit überall auf der Welt falschläuft. Ich halte einfach eine Kriminalisierung für den absolut rückläufigsten Schritt den man machen kann. Das löst doch die Probleme nicht die es gibt, sondern macht sie teilweise nur noch schlimmer (wie man es zb. in Amerika sieht). Vollständige Dekriminalisierung und staatliche Unterstützung ist für mich der einzige Weg der Sinn macht. Soziale Akzeptanz ist natürlich noch viel, viel wichtiger, aber die kann man halt schlecht erzwingen, sowas braucht Zeit.
Ich habe niemals von einer "besseren" Lösung gesprochen. Aber Prostitution wird es sowieso immer geben. Das gab es schon immer und es wird es weiterhin geben, in jedem Land. Die Frage ist, warum bemühen wir uns nicht diesen Beruf so gut wie möglich abzusichern und staatlich zu unterstützen, eben damit die Frauen *nicht* in die Hände von Pimps geraten, keinen Ausweg haben, um ihre Sicherheit fürchten müssen, etc. Wenn du Prostitution kriminalisiert schaffst du Prostitution nicht ab, du verlagerst sie nur auf den Schwarzmarkt, und das ist schlimmer. Sklaverei ist etwas völlig anderes, weil man dafür schließlich nicht bezahlt wird. Prostitution ist immernoch ein Beruf. Sklaverei nicht.
Well that's just terrible
Imagine sucking off God
A lot of people in the LGBTQ+ community use pan- and bisexuality synonymously nowadays. Calling yourself bisexual does not mean that you're excluding trans people. The word pansexuality is usually used when you want to make it *clear* that you're not excluding anyone.
You can't just dismiss everyone with shitty opinions as a troll and hope that the problem goes away
Depends on how obviously they are doing it. It's not necessarily creep to check out girls on the street unless you stare and make them feel uncomfortable
Ah! That makes sense.
Faschist: "Ich möchte Minderheiten umbringen." /u/Heiminator: "Ich möchte das verhindern, auch wenn es mit Gewalt sein muss." /u/LutzEgner: "I literally can't tell the difference between these two people." Echt fresher Zentrismus-Maimai Edit: Stimme Heiminator übrigens nicht dabei zu dass AfD hier auf /r/de so populär ist wie er es meint aber seine Meinung dass man Nazis zusammenschlagen solle mit den Meinungen von Nazis gleichzustellen... Jetzt mal ganz ehrlich, hast du sie noch alle?!
Das Gedankengut war schon immer da, da stimme ich dir zu. Aber der Rechtsruck *äußert* sich jetzt mehr. Nach Trump, Brexit, Le Pen, AfD, etc. etc. etc. sieht man das doch ganz deutlich. Ich glaube nicht, dass die individuellen Menschen unbedingt rechter werden, ich glaube aber, dass Rechte sich jetzt viel wohler fühlen ihr Gedankengut nach außen zu tragen. Rechte Politiker haben das gemerkt und ausgenutzt. Und jetzt hat Hans, der früher die CDU gewählt hat und seine rassistischen Kommentare sonst nur nach 4 Bier in der Kneipe von sich gegeben hat, jetzt halt die Alternative für sich entdeckt.
Hahahahaha https://i.imgur.com/Zjh6PI5.jpg Die armen, armen verprügelten Nazis :((((
Stimmt, die Antifaschisten die sich mit Gewalt in den 1930ern gewehrt haben waren auch echt so GEMEIN zu der NSDAP :((((
Dude this thread is full with examples of reversed sexes where scumbag judges ruled in favor of the male rapist or where society didn't care about the victim. Go and push your narrative elsewhere.
Wholeheartedly agree! I don't like it when people's only form of social critique has to rest on the shoulders of some fictional TV show or something, but hey - there's value in these things. After all, artforms such as movies, books, shows, hell, even video games, they can help us emphathize with characters and situations that we would otherwise never encounter.
"She doesn't post on gw guys, I already checked."
I would love to stand united with liberals, but they keep accommodating the right
&gt;Do you have any examples of someone being yelled at and bullied saying “know what, I was wrong.. let me change my whole mindset on this”. Go away with that nonsense. It's not just about changing minds. Of course you won't change someone's mind by beating them up or being rude to them. But that's not always the end goal when fighting fascism - some people can't be reasoned with (or it would be way too much effort to try) so people are using the second best method - shutting them up. By the way, being nice to racist pieces of shit is a *really* privileged point of view. Try telling a black person that they only need to be compassionate to white supremacists and see how that goes. More power to anyone who tries, of course, but I won't waste my time engaging extremists.
What does access to unlimited prostitutes for life mean? Do I still have to pay them? Do I still have to travel to them? I mean... technically I *already* have access to unlimited prostitutes for life, as long as I have the money. And if I choose one or the other, does that mean that I can't have sex / a meaningful relationship at all anymore?
A shitton of Democrats literally do exactly that. I'm not saying that all liberals do this, but way too many. Even freaking Bernie Sanders, our "socialist" hero, made a dumb tweet about how rude that Red Hen manager was. Like, come on dude. We need to stand united against Republicans, not constantly say "Well maybe they have a point" or "We need to be more civil".
I know of him. He's great. A real inspiration. But if you expect every black person to act like that and go out of their way to make friends with Klan members you're out of your mind. It worked for him. For others it might literally be a death sentence. And quite frankly, most people have better things to do with their lives *than befriending freaking Klan members*.
/r/badhistory, holy shit
I hope the family and friends of the victim harrass that piece of shit cop for the rest of his life
...Who are you talking to?
Except the lawyer
True, but Reynolds is just a business owner while Underwood is the president of the United States. One represents a much bigger systemic problem than the other, even if Reynolds is morally more reprehensible. Underwood can do a lot more damage than Reynolds.
What? They absolutely were. Russo and the reporter (forgot her name) might not have been angels but they weren't criminals. At least not the type of criminals the Punisher would go after. Underwood is so much worse.
Dude, if you're having sex with your own parent, there's some *serious* power imbalances in play. There are not many scenarios where that kind of shit would *not* be straight up rape. It's not about fucking society, holy shit.
How about the fact that your mother fucking *raised* you? A prisonder and a prison guard can also be two "consenting" adults, that doesn't mean that it's A-okay for them to fuck, there's a reason why shit like that is illegal. Why do I have to explain this, Jesus Christ
Is this real
Weil das nach einer Matheaufgabe auf Oberstufenniveau aussieht
Ew, no, no one should unironically be a tankie
Ich hab einfach ein Google Doc wo ich die alle abspeicher. Manchmal wenn ich langeweile hab ordne ich die auch. Ist halt einfach nur ein Textdokument, aber der Vorteil ist dass du es dann immer in der Cloud gespeichert hast und dadurch es auch direkt auf'm Handy im Supermarkt aufrufen kannst.
Oh Christ here we go Wonder what your opinion on Churchill is
Well you walked into that one perfectly. You have to realize how easy it is to turn these around, right? "Churchill? You mean the war hero who literally saved the world from the Nazis?" Why are so many leftists so intent on defending awful humans just because they also called themselves leftist? Churchill was a piece of shit. So was Stalin. They were both their own brand of garbage people. But Stalin wasn't some kind of "flawed personality", he was his own brand of evil. Stop defending leftist dictators, it's not a good look for anyone. Focus on the now. Learn from the past, instead of trying to paint it in a positive light.
I'd rather not experience being raped at the funeral of literally everyone I know while someone is amputating all of my limbs, I have to say Seriously what kind of WouldYouRather is this???
Mhmm, also solche Memes ("Ahh yes, the two genders") sind ziemlich populär in Trans-subreddits, weil sie sich über den Gender-Binary lustig machen. Ich persönlich würde das nicht unbedingt als Sexismus wahrnehmen - kommt aber auch drauf an, wo es geposts wurde. Ich gehe nicht davon aus, dass der 08/15 deutsche Redditor Trans-Insider versteht.
I think he was just making a point of how many "self defense" videos are trying to capitalize on fear and xenophobia - aka manufactured outrage.
When you see what religion does in this world it's hard to have a positive outlook on it. I mean, if you believe in Jesus and the things he *actually* preaches, then more power to you. But unfortunately, the reality is that right-wingers warp his views to oppress and discriminate, and the church *welcomes* those views, so I have no time for that whole mess.
I don't like Ed Sheeran's music at all but he seems like a really cool dude honestly
I mean sure, that's technically correct, but not really an argument against what I said. You have to be realistic. You can believe in whatever you want, that's fine by me, but organized religion can be fucking *evil*.
Oh of course, religion has at times been a very positive drive for humanity and scientific advances. I'm not saying that it's all bad. But today? Evangelicals are statistically one of the most racist, sexist and homophobic people in the US. And even "liberal" priests often have extremely backwards views when it comes to gender and sexuality. I never meant to say that all religion is inherently bad, and *definitely* not that all who believe in something are idiots or morally wrong or anything. But the reality is that in today's world - religion isn't exactly something that fills me with hope.
I'm actually referring to a study I read recently, I can't look it up right now, but I'll try to find it later. But I'm pretty sure that a quick google search for "American Evangelicals racism" or something will give you some results.
&gt;but again, if you had ever actually MET any evangelicals, you'd know how utterly ridiculous your statement is. ...That is literally what anecdotical evidence is. Do you know how many Evangelicals voted for Trump? Because you can look that up, easily. And guess what, it's *a lot*.
I get it, but imo this felt a lot fresher than all the videos that Asian guy is pumping out. Maybe simply having a different face and a slightly different style made it work for you. I liked this video, but I'm beyond sick of what's-his-face's videos.
Since a lot of people who get labeled as "SJWs" use tumblr - aka left-leaning folk who care about social issues - the tumblr team was probably trying to use "inclusive &amp; woke" language. Of course this is incredibly dumb in this case because only restricting a body part of *one* gender is in itself sexist bullshit. Basically enforcing conservative gender roles because BOOBIES = BAD but trying to sound hip &amp; woke. Needless to say, it backfired.
Don't bother, that guy's post history is something else and he's almost certainly not asking that question in good faith.
Oh no I agree. I personally think that the distinction is bullshit - if it were up to me, boobs shouldn't be marked as pornographic anywhere - but of course you can't argue against the fact that in our society, they *are* seen as sexual. However, it's the fact that they used this "woke" language to explain what they are banning that is just ludicrous. They should've just said "We're banning all sexual content from our site" and left it at that. It still would've been a shit decision, but at least the announcement wouldn't have been half as ridiculous. This "female presenting nipples" statement is just a slap in the face.
She's liked a couple of terf-y tweets in the past, but AFAIK she never said something terf-y herself directly. Not that it makes a big difference - liking shitty stuff on twitter basically means you agree with it - but I don't know if it's enough to call her a "massive" TERF. There's still a chance that she misinterpreted whatever was being said or something. Not that I count on it, I already canceled her (for multiple reasons including PROBABLY being a TERF) but, you know, just trying to bring a little nuance into it.
A friend of mine once made the tweet "Harry Potter = mostly good; JK Rowling = mostly bad" and it's still one of the truest things I've ever heard
&gt;some of his writing about non-human monsters has been interpreted as racist allegory. True, but you don't even need to read about the monsters to see "allegories", there is a lot of extremely obvious racism in his stories, in plain sight.
Oh, it's C-section comics. They're completely awful. Bad takes and bad jokes.
&gt;(because we are allowed to have preferences) UGGHHH SHUT THE FUCK UP
&gt;You people are so unloyal. While I agree that Bethesda isn't "the worst game company", I don't understand why anyone would be "loyal" to a freaking company. No matter if it's Bethesda or EA or Ubisoft or CDPR, they don't care about you as a fan. They care about your money. Why would you want to be "loyal" to a company that has fucked you over a bunch of times? Just because they used to put out good games a decade ago?
Nur Homosexuelle essen Arsch?
&gt;white people are actually being discriminated against I have yet to see a source for this that wasn't blatant right-wing propaganda, from what I understand white people still hold the vast majority of wealth and power in SA?
Even better, lmao
Lots of people have different definitions of what makes one a tankie - some people say that all Marxist-Leninists are tankies (which I personally don't agree with), some right wingers call basically all anti-capitalists tankies (which I *definitely* don't agree with) but the most common defition among left-leaning people is that a tankie is someone who defends leftist dictators like Stalin just because they were on the left. For tankies, leftists *can't* do anything bad. By default, since they are "left" (or even just *call* themself left even if they really aren't), they are automatically good. Obviously, it's a very, very skewed worldview.
What hasn't been mentioned yet, I think, is that there are definitely alt-righters within the movement. I think (although I'm not sure of this) they might've even started it. Leftists and liberals have largely co-opted it though, I believe.
Garrison is getting less &amp; less subtle about his anti-semitism.
Wird idr auch aus dem Kontext klar was man meint. Gibt nicht viele Situationen wo eine solche Unterscheidung relevant ist, und wenn sie es ist, dann würde man das wahrscheinlich sowieso mit mehr Worten erklären (zb. "Das ist *exakt* der selbe!" / "Das ist doch der gleiche *wie der andere*")
"You said something in a reddit comment I don't agree with, so please commit suicide" You sound like a real stable individual there, champ
The fact that it's political violence wouldn't stop me. I have no moral qualms about beating up a fascist. The fact that I'm not super strong and that it might have serious ramifications for my career if I get arrested would stop me, though.
ew
It honestly sounds like you have no idea what DnD is all about. I realize that you're not trying to shit on the podcast or anything, but "These guys are legit bad at D&amp;D" - that's just utter nonsense. DnD isn't about following every rule and micro-managing the shit out of everything. You *can* play it that way - and for a lot of players that's exactly what they want. But you don't have to. DnD can be played in many different ways, some players prefer a strict ruleset and others don't. There's a reason why the Drunks &amp; Dragons crew used Roll20 for a while until they decided that it's better for the podcast to have a more "free" format where everone imagines the scene in their mind and Michael has the last word over what's possible and what isn't when it comes to combat. The Drunks &amp; Dragons crew is definitely *not* bad at DnD. Quite the opposite - they have worked out a way to play it that's not only fun for them, but also fun for the listeners. I have no doubt in my mind that any one of the players could easily play a more rule-focused DnD if they wanted to (and they might even do that sometimes in their free time, who knows), but that's not what their podcast is about.
I get horny for every video game that has a home base/upgrade set-up in it, I personally would love it if you had a set-up like that in your new campaign! But of course you can't please anyone. I still remember years back that I got excited over the whole "shipping empire" thing and I was legitimately surprised when I later found out that many people hated those episodes hahaha
No, but maybe there's an economic system that doesn't cater to those shitty human traits like greed. Capitalism rewards this shit.
&gt;Why would I bother entering into a transaction (e.g. my money for your labor) if I didn't stand to gain something? Because then you'd starve? Right now I'm working a job for minimum wage that I hate. I am *not* getting paid what I should. My boss is getting rich while he pays me fuck-all. But I need the money, and so far I haven't found a better job with better pay yet. If it were up to me, I wouldn't sell my labor for that little. But I have no other choice, because under capitalism, it is necessary for me to do it to survive.
You're not exactly wrong, but not every whataboutism is irrelevant. I think when we're talking about communism and its real world consequences, it's only fair to bring up other forms of government and those who run it. It's a bit tiring when every bad deeds of communist regimes are brought up while the death toll of capitalism and neoliberalism is brushed under the carpet.
Den finanziellen Aspekt kann ich voll verstehen. Aber es wundert mich trotzdem dass das so ein Klischee ist, als ob jeder es *hassen* würde, Geschenke zu kaufen und beschenkt zu werden. Erlebe ich meistens eher genau andersrum, zb. wichteln wir in unserem Freundeskreis total gerne.
Did you not read what I wrote? Capitalism is an economic system that values profit over everything else. So if "society" is so shitty, why would we want to live under an economic system that *directly* caters to human greed?
Or, maybe, it's on Jordan Peterson to research the words he actually uses so that he doesn't "accidentally" spread literal Nazi conspiracy theories (because no matter how much you want to side-step this, that's what it is). You're right, language changes and evolves. But that's a natural process that happens over time. You can't just pick a word that has a well-defined meaning, use it in a different context and say "this totally means something else, I swear you guys!!" I genuinely don't believe that Peterson is alt-right, or anti-semitic. But whether he's aware of it or not, he's dog-whistling Nazi propaganda to his followers. (Also Peterson literally has no idea what the terms postmodernism or Marxism even mean - in a lot of ways, they literally contradict each other - but that's another issue)
Depends on your definition. A lot of communists call themselves socialists because it sounds less threatening and "evil". But really, for most communists, socialism simply describes the transitional phase between capitalism and communism. But there are a shit-ton of different definitions and sub-categories of communists, socialists, anarchists and so on out there, and although most of them mostly want the same thing and agree on like 99% of all issues, they still all hate each other for some reason.
And now you might understand why a lot of people think that Jordan B Peterson is an asshole, because he stoked the flames of bigotry in his segment about the bill. The bill itself is pretty uncontroversial (unless you're fine with discrimination based on gender), so he made up a lot of shit - either out of ignorance or malice, I don't know which, but it doesn't really matter in the end - that played right into the hands of transphobic assholes.
Oh Christ
I was just about to argue against the main body of your comment but then I read your last sentence and... Are you seriously saying "I don't understand the nuances of these terms [even though they are incredibly relevant to this argument, might I add] so I don't care" Because it sounds like that's what you are saying
It's very funny to me that in your original comment, you mentioned how people "often misunderstand what Peterson is saying" and now when I point out that he actually has no ideas about core philosophical concepts you just say... "oh whatever I don't care" To your point that your average Joe doesn't understand what Cultural Marxism is - that doesn't fucking make it okay to re-appropriate the term for your own goals and I'm shocked that you think it is. Literal Nazis are using the term, here and now, and it means the exact same thing for them now as it used to in the 40s. If you think that that all doesn't matter because Peterson uses it slightly differently (although not really since he still targets some vague leftist bogeyman as the cause, he simply doesn't say the word "Jew"), then honestly... Screw you.
Hey! That's pretty rude :(
Of course it was! It was meant to be rude, because of the hilariously stupid thing you typed out. You still hurt my feelings :(
Why are people always blaming the individuals instead of the freaking companies who are doing this in the first place?? Gamers have to realize that "voting with your wallet" doesn't fucking work in the vast majority of cases. It's a lot easier to be all smug and holier-than-thou and say "Just don't preorder! Just don't buy any micor-transactions! Just don't do x!" - it will never work, because out of hundreds of thousand of people, there will *always* be people who buy this shit and will make the effort of the more careful consumers completely void. As long as Bethesda gets enough money from *some* of their customers, it's worthwhile from them, they don't give a shit if you and a few others don't engage with their business model. No, I won't "blame the stupid cunts who pay for this idiotic shit". This isn't on them. It's *entirely* on the gree of the video game companies, and nothing else. Blame the system that enables this (hint: it's capitalism) and the people who profit from it, and not the people who live in it.
No shit. My point is that it will never happen. People *will* keep buying that shit. Just look at GTA V Online with their exploitative shark card model. It's literally impossible to enjoy all the content without spending money, yet Rockstar is raking in millions.
Of course they share part of responsibility, but the main problem is still *on the company that is pushing these exploitatives business models in the first place*. My whole point is that it's fruitless to keep going on about the consumers. For ages people have been screaming "NEVER PREORDER" now, but does it change anything? No. A few people stopped sure - I don't preorder any games anymore - but it hasn't affected the video game industry at all. The method isn't working.
I'm saying that the problem is systematic, it's not like shitty practices like this only exist in the video game industry
&gt;Keep telling yourself that while you load up your shark card lmao. I have literally never purchased any type of micro-transaction or anything like it in my entire life
Does anyone have a source for these statistics? Not that I'm doubting them. I just wanna have something to link for when I share this image and someone inevitably says "WHERE'S THE PROOF, HUH?"
Thank you!
Jokes are supposed to be funny, "You sir just lied" is the opposite of funny
Bastian Sick ist ein klassistischer Hurensohn der absolut null von Sprache versteht. So, ich hab's gesagt.
Blödsinn, geh doch mal auf die defaults Subreddits und schreib "should of" anstatt "should've", benutz "literally" als Übertreibung, und verwechsel "you're" und "your", dann wirst du sehen wie geil die ganzen Amis darauf sind, dich zu verbessern.
Absoluter Scheißverein, ist das
Dies. Was es natürlich auch gibt, sind Menschen die eine akademische Bildung in einem bestimmten Feld haben, und deswegen denken, das sie unfassbar intelligent in allen Bereichen sind und deswegen zu allem ihren Senf dazugeben müssen. Siehe: Neil DeGrasse Tysson, Richard Dawkins oder *shudder* Jordan B Peterson
Inviting people like Alex Jones and Milo Yioklnalsdkfhiouweha onto his show makes it inherently political. The latter is literally buddies with Nazis.
That's true. But I think it's fair to take everything this guy says with a grain of salt when you consider the guests he invites on his show. Even if most of it is apolitical - Me personally, I'll stay away from anyone who has dipshits like Milo on their show.
Ich denke einfach, dass wir etwas anderes unter dem Begriff "Kommunikationsproblem" verstehen. Natürlich kann es zu Schwierigkeiten kommen, wenn man verschiedene Wörter für den gleichen Begriff hat, aber das sind halt allenmals kleine Missverständnisse die man schnell klären kann. Ein Schwabe und ein Bayer können sich problemlos unterhalten, weil sie beide Deutsch reden. Sie haben keine Probleme, miteinander zu kommunizieren, auch wenn der eine vielleicht mal ein Wort vom anderen nicht versteht. Und klar - aus Sprachwandel können sich verschiedene Sprachen entwickeln. Ich glaube ich habe mich nicht ganz deutlich ausgedrückt. So wurde PIE irgendwann zu Proto-Germanisch, was sich abgespaltet hat in West- und Nord- und Ost-Germanisch, ersteres wiederum in Anglo-Friesisch was zum Modernen Englisch wurde, und ein anderer Zweig zum modernen Deutsch, wieder ein anderer zu Niederländisch.... etc. etc. etc., du weißt was ich meine. Das sind aber natürlich Veränderungen, die über Generationen stattfinden und eigentlich immer auch lokal bedingt sind. Was nicht innerhalb von ein paar Dutzend Jahren passieren wird, ist eine Situation wo zwei deutsche Muttersprachler sich nicht gegenseitig verstehen können, weil der eine mehr Anglizismen benutzt als der andere.
...warum
Wenn du dich wo bewirbst, dann beschreibst du dem Arbeitgeber am besten kurz deine Situation - also dass die kein "normales" Zeugnis, sondern nur deine Notenübersicht, und dass du dein richtiges Abschlusszeugnis in 3 Monaten nachreichen kannst. Ansonsten kannst du vielleicht nochmal bei der Schule nachfragen, ob sie dir etwas equivalentes geben können was du deinem Arbeitgeber einreichen kannst. Oder du fragst diesen einfach, was er/sie benötigt, und gibst das dann an deine Schule weiter.
Probably costs the country a lot more money than she racks in tho, sooo... Time for guillotines, I say
If you take into account all the money that's spend on staff &amp; security - she most likely does. Shaun recently did a video on it that talks about the myth that the Queen is a net-positive for the country: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiE2DLqJB8U
It's cool
How do you measure "money brought in from tourism"? Who travels to England *just* to see the Queen? I mean I'm sure that a few people do, but I highly, highly doubt that that's one of the *main* draws for English tourism. Do you think many people will say "Ah, no, let's skip England this year, it's boring ever since they abolished the royals" I mean, all the tourist-y attractions are still there. Buckinham Palace and Big Ben aren't going anywhere. Hell, they could even keep a lot of the fun stuff around, like the Queen's Guard simply for the attraction. But the Royal family really does cost the country a *lot* of money, the money from the estates pales in comparison and I simply don't believe that the tourism aspect is a big deal. Besides, even if they *were* a net gain, there's still a number of good reasons to get rid of them.
I'm sorry? *He's* the one who's yelling racial slurs and promoting alt-right figures on his channel that millions of people watch. What does that have to do with kids being stupid? Do you expect a 12 year old to understand all the nuances behind that? All they hear is him promoting some Nazi channel, so they are obviously interested in checking it out. They will be *a lot less critical* about the contents of that channel since their celebrity star PewDiePie suggested it.
Actually I think this has a lot of new potential. Scroll of truth is more like "I DON'T WANT TO HEAR THIS BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE THE TRUTH" while the subtext of this is more like "This knowledge is too dangerous and can't get out"
He recently talked about a "charity" that was started by Holocaust deniers, they collected money for a children's hospital while talking about Nazi shit on a stream. Obviously, the hospital would *never* accept a donation from a group like that for moral reasons so it was all a big publicity stunt for Neo Nazis, but PewDiePie talked about it in a way that painted them as good guys. "Now, these people may have some opinions that I don't agree with but they still did something positive!" - No PDP, they didn't, and you're an idiot.
When you are the biggest channel on YouTube and are fully aware that lots of children watch your channel which is freely available for pretty much everyone worldwide - then it's on you to monitor your content. Same reason why a network channel wouldn't stream porn on daytime TV. I fully blame PewDiePie for promoting Nazi shit on his channel, whether he does it accidentally or not.
That's pretty rude
But that's the joke, isn't it? I really doubt shen is actually saying "oh well whatever" here, but rather showing that it's an absurd outlook on life
oh my god
lmao with that comment you just made it very obvious that you absolutely do *not* get it
&gt;gendercritical user Mhmmm 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Wer sagt denn, dass die Polygamie sich nur auf Ein Mann --&gt; mehrere Frauen bezieht? Das kann auch andersrum passieren.
&gt;Untill then, they've done nothing wrong. Yes, political opinions can be wrong. If you want to talk about whether or not censorship is wrong, that's a different topic. But don't tell me that someone can't be wrong just because they're not being violent. A Nazi who holds Nazi views and legally votes for Nazis is wrong and I am going to judge him. A climate change denier who legally votes for a party that denies climate change is wrong and he is actively damaging humanity. A homophobe who spreads hatred by burning a flag and calling people f*gs is morally wrong and we should speak out about it.
&gt;Not like I said 3 times I also vote You also said that not voting is the same as direct action (Yes, we get it, if people were doing it en masse it would be, but that's simply not reality right now and probably won't be under the current system so there's no reason to not vote in the current climate) and you keep calling anyone who is in favor of voting a lib so don't get upset that people are arguing with you
I mean, you're not exactly wrong, but how does that change the situation? It's true that most people - not just police officers - are cowards when it comes to standing up to injustice. The whole point is that this is extremely, \*extremely\* dangerous for an armed institution like the police. People have gotten, and will continue to be, killed over shit like that. "I was just following orders" my ass. &amp;#x200B; If anyone should know when to follow orders and when to stand up for what is right, it's the police. &amp;#x200B; So really, you're just echoing what OP said: This is why people hate the cops. Because while not every individual cop does bad things like this, almost none of them speak out against it when it happens. And those who do get sacked, while those who harrass, bully, assault and murder people are put on paid vacation and/or transferred to a different unit. The police in the US as it exists now is a racist and morally repugnant institution. It's no use to speak of "bad apples" when this shit happens so regularly, and when so few speak out against it. It makes more sense to speak of the "good apples" - those very few who \*do\* speak out and then promptly get fired and bullied by their former colleagues. Edit: Clarification for my last paragraph - When I mentioned the "good apples" I didn't mean that we should talk about them more or put them on a pedestal, because imo giving all the attention to the few "good ones" while ignoring the bad ones is just copaganda that makes the problem worse. What I meant was that the good ones are so rare, that the "bad apple" metaphor doesn't make any sense - You don't have a few bad apples in an otherwise good batch, it's the other way around, at *most* you have a few good ones, but overall the whole batch is rotten, so we should throw them out altogether.
After reading your main post I thought that this dude didn't seem too bad since he kept apologizing and it read like you were the one who wanted to keep going. But now that you're saying that he kept wanting to have sex with you even after you told him that you weren't feeling well, that's a bit of a red flag. Was he pressuring you?
Yup, but with Contra especially, she really gets them both - the rabid fans who defend her and tell her how perfect she is no matter what, and the leftists who will find *any* excuse to label her transphobic, racist, even a freaking fascist. It's pretty ridiculous. hbomb made a great tweet about it a day or two ago - it's one thing to criticize people when they have a bad take. It's quite another to look at everything a person puts out just to find some fault with it so that you can "cancel" them. Happens with Peter Coffin too. I think he deserves to get dunked on from time to time but the hate he gets is often times pretty ridiculous.
PhilosophyTube and hbomb both responded well on Twitter too. They're aware of this issue. PT even pointed out that it's ridiculous that people listen to him talk about sex work instead of *actual* sex workers. But of course not making videos on these topics just because they aren't personally affected by them isn't the right approach either.
Yeah no that sounds like a real dick move from him. You certainly didn't do anything wrong and you shouldn't feel bad at all. He expected you to perform a pretty "out there" sex move in the first place, and after you threw up he pushed you to do the same thing again even after you told him you weren't feeling well? That's not cool at all - no matter how nice he was after it and how much he kept apologizing. He doesn't seem to be very trustworthy or mature tbh.
So my immediate piece of advice would've been "drop him", but that's always easy to say for strangers on the internet who lack context and have no emotional involvement. But if you decide to keep him around, my advice for you would be to have a serious conversation about boundaries and respect in the bedroom. It's fine to be into kinky stuff, it's fine to get messy, it's also fine to be commanding or to try out new stuff. But it's not okay to assume your partner will be cool with anything, or to push them into stuff they're not comfortable with, especially if they're not feeling well. The fact that he apologized and didn't seem to be a huge dick about the situation speaks for him, but the way he behaved before that (the way you described it) still throws up red flags imo. So... I guess think about it, and if you think he's still worth it, talk to him and let him know what's cool and what isn't.
You're confusing government with state. Anarcho-communism would be stateless, but not without a government. One possibility would be a council that decides what's best for the commune - that council could be either randomized or elected for example. If you disagree with any of the policies and don't want to participate based on those disagreements, no one would throw you in jail or enforce anything with a police force. You'd simply be free to leave.
Or chicken. Might be a controversial opinion but I actually much prefer chicken Döner over lamb.
I know way too little about that whole situation to have an opinion on it. I know some nasty stuff went down and PC was involved \*somehow\* but that's about it.
Both are fine imo. I think Bernie is better but Warren has a pretty similar platform. My major issue is that Warren is a self-proclaimed capitalist and Bernie isn't, but realistically, I don't think it would change anything about their presidency if either of them wins. It's not like Bernie can change the whole system while he's in office. Of the things that are actually achievable, I think they're both very similar to each other.
&gt; They tried an idea and it didn’t work. If it makes people panic, spend money, and keep watching the news, it's working perfectly as far as Sinclair is concerned. They don't give a shit about morals.
It can be about both things at once.
Hey man I'm trying to say this in the nicest way possible but it seriously does not seem like you really understand socialism. I was the same way, like, 2 years back or so, a proud social democrat staunchly opposed to fascism and conservatism, but very wary of ideologies more left than that, but what really changed wasn't just that I warmed up to them, but that I began to *understand* them. I can only urge you to actually read up on what terms like communism, socialism, anarchsim, Marxism etc. actually *mean*. I'm not saying that you'll become a communist overnight or anything, and it's not my aim to like "recruit" you or anything, but it just shows in your comment that you either don't understand what you're talking about or have a rather skewed perspective.
It's literally in YouTube's TOS. He's just quoting their own rules that they are not enforcing.
What you say about Marx is actually what a lot of leftists, including some Marxists (I wouldn't consider myself a Marxist but I guess I'm a "sympathizer" of sorts) say. I think it's pretty important that we don't see Marx as this father figure of all leftist thought that we have to model every idea after. Marx was an incredibly important thinker, but all of his ideas shouldn't be seen as doctrine or scripture, but more as a theory that can be used just like any other theory - to criticize capitalism, for example. And we can build on that theory and apply it to modern problems to find modern solutions that doesn't involve literal factory workers literally destroying their machines (although that would be a neat thing to happen as well imo lmao) The important thing to remember is that there are so many different strains of leftist thought, and none of them are complete, and to a certain extent, all of them lean and build upon one another. People joke about leftism destroying itself because no one can ever agree upon one thing and we just constantly form into new splinter groups and end up doing more in-fighting instead of solving anything, but don't let that fool you: Many leftists are more than happy to work together and compromise, it's often just some voices that are louder than others who scream about left purity and stuff like that. I'm definitely not the best person to explain various leftist terms and ideologies to you, since I'm rather new to leftism myself and have only taken to calling myself a communist (which is an extremely broad term btw) in the last couple of months. I've read some useful literature including Marx and Kropotkin but honestly, much of it is really heavy stuff that's tough to understand, so to get a good overview, you're better off looking at more "popular" sources instead of going straight to the 18th century books. A big influence on my politics, besides many of the big Breadtubers of course, were the Black Socialists of America on Twitter. Simply by following them I soaked up a lot of their ideas. What I love about them is that they refuse to describe themselves as "Marxist" or "anarchist" or any other more defined ideology - they simply pick up the ideas they like and have been proven to work in communities and use them. They have a really good website too, with a reading guide that I am currently working my way through - which starts with short-ish introductions to topics and ends with all three volumes of Das Kapital (no idea if I'll ever end up tackling *those*). Since they're the *Black* socialists of America, they go into issues of race and intersectionality as well. They're great, I can't promote them enough. Other good resources are places like /r/Anarchy101 - don't know about /r/communism101 but I'm guessing it's decent enough as well. At least the anarchy sub has decent intro threads to leftist ideologies and what they're all about. Now if you've made it this far, you can probably already tell that I'm not a big fan of dividing the movement further and further, and I actually do believe that *many* SocDems are our allies (having been one myself for most of my life). Although other users did have a point in saying that we can't rely on SocDems as a group, since that has failed catastrophically in the past. As leftists, we can work with them together, but we don't believe that they offer any good, long-term solutions. For example: While I generally like and support Bernie Sanders, I don't see him as the solution, but simply as an improvement, or a stepping stone, if you will. Of course there are other voices too - those who condemn liberals and SocDems outright, call them traitors, etc. I personally don't really agree with that. But those people are also often the ones who are convinced that *their* ideology is the only right one and that everyone whose worldview differs even a little bit is a "liberal" or a "centrist" or hell, even a fascist. It's quite silly if you ask me. (To be honest, and I know that this kind of goes against what I've said about left unity, but fuck it: In my experience, most of these people are Marxist-Leninist tankies, aka people who see nothing wrong with Soviet era communism. There's something to be said about how Stalin is treated by Western history, but at some point, you're excusing literal crimes against humanity. I'm gonna ally myself with SocDems every time before wasting my time with a tankie, but that's just my 2 cents)
Dass die Legalität der Prostitution in Deutschland seine Probleme hat, mag glauber ich keiner bezweifeln. Aber das sehe ich für keinen Grund, Prostitution wieder zu verbieten - weder auf der Käufer- noch auf der Verkäuferseite. Es gibt genug Beispiele die aufzeigen, dass man mit Kriminalisierung von Prostitution (egal wie scharf und egal nach welchem Modell) im Grunde *immer* den Sexarbeitern, die man doch schützen möchte, am meisten schadet.
The meme doesn't make any sense that way, but I feel like switching auth &amp; lib left for this is a bit more realistic. In my experience, it's usually the MLs who don't want to play nice with others.
Guess so but at least we don't wanna murder them hahaha
The term cis is extremely useful in a lot of situations, especially if you have a lot of acquaintances that are trans. It's also highly important in academia, Queer Studies for example, where distinctions between trans and not trans (=cis) people need to be drawn occasionally. For example if you're comparing bullying that trans kids vs. cis kids face in High School. Saying "cis" as an adjective is a hell of a lot more convenient than saying "people who are not trans" all the time in a situation like that.
Yup, lots of LGBT+ people call themselves reclaimed slurs as well as a form of endearment but that doesn't make it okay for cis/straight people to use them.
I mean, the comment is a bit off-topic so maybe that's why people downvoted it, but it's true. Right-wing "comedian" (and trust me I'm using that term very loosely) Steven Crowder for example made a whole video claiming that Hitler was a socialist. It's ridiculous, offensive, and incredibly dangerous - but this idea, which used to be something only fringe nutjobs would believe in, seems to become more and more popular among right-wingers in the US.
&gt;If you regularly call yourself a slur it’s fair game to call you that slur then. What a bunch of crap - at that point, it sounds like you *want* to be rude to people and are just looking for an excuse. Reclaiming words can be a pretty important process for marginalized people - it happened with the n-word, it partly happened with the f-word, and there are many others. The context is wildly different so stop with this "if they do it, I can do it" mentality. That's just willful ignorance. Hell, have you never stubbed your big toe and cursed yourself before? So now is it okay for everyone else to insult you too, always, because you did it to yourself once?
I mean that was just an example to illustrate it but my point wasn't that we only need the word for academia. It's useful in casual speech as well. If you don't like it, then... well, I don't know what to tell ya. Tough luck, I guess - try to get with the times. No one's forcing you to use the word, but don't call it "useless" when others do it, that's just silly.
&gt;Two, the english language isn’t for some and not others, there is no such thing as word reclamation. Oh well if *you* say it then it must be true I guess. Seriously, educate yourself before you spout bullshit like that. This isn't about forcing people to use / not use certain words, but about basic respect. If you use slurs, eventually you're gonna get beat up, and probably deserve it. If you actually belong to a minority and use a word that has been reclaimed (which absolutely is a thing, no matter what you believe), it's a completely different situation. Context matters. Words have different meanings depending on the situation and the people involved. Sometimes some things are okay to say, sometimes they aren't - and I'm not talking about legality or censorship here, but just what is appropriate. That's simply how languages works.
A mostly irrelevant party today because many of its former voters and politicians have now realized that the AfD is more promising?
There are always fringe cases - hell, there are actually groups of gay Nazis out there. There doesn't need to be any logical consistency to the beliefs of far-right parties like the AfD. If they think they can get ahead by enacting a certain policy or choosing a certain leader, they'll do it, no matter what they think of it. And for them, this is a perfect excuse: "We *can't* be homophobic, don't you know that one of our highest members is gay?"
The other two people have already explained that while he might not be an actual fascist, he definitely *promotes* fascism, but to give you a good example: His video in which he argues that Hitler was actually a socialist. It's a disgusting move, pure propaganda full of lies, that only serves to make *actual* fascists look better in comparison. "I can't be a fascist, I'm right-wing, and fascism is a left-wing ideology! Just look at Hitler, he was a socialist!" Many people have actually started believing this utter nonsense and it's incredibly, *incredibly* dangerous.
&gt; I thought it was funny but hard to believe he doesn’t know about honkler shit haha. You might be suffering from being too much online The vast majority of "normal" people have no clue about this honkler stuff. And that guy is, what, 50? 60?
No one is saying that everything is fake &amp; staged dude, calm down, but *this* video pretty obviously is once you know the details.
No worries!
First of all, it's plain wrong. And not just wrong, but *extremely* wrong. And there's mountains upon mountains of evidence *why* it so completely wrong. You have to ignore so much evidence, cherry-pick out of context facts and be willfully ignorant to believe such a thing - similarly to climate change denial or anti-vaccination beliefs. Second, there's a very clear ideological reason for why some people peddle that stuff. You see, many people who claim that Hitler was a socialist don't actually believe it, they are lying on purpose to muddy the waters. As soon as "Hitler was a socialist" becomes a mainstream opinion, people stop being afraid of far-right policies. Nazis are *the* perfect example of what a extreme far-right dystopia looks like, which works as a deterrent, especially for centrists, liberals, and soft conservatives, to move too far to the right. As soon as that stops being a factor - that can become dangerous. When people actually, seriously believe that Hitler was a leftist, they will be more weary of left-wing and liberal ideas than of right-wing ones. Not to mention that it's simply fucked up to put the Holocaust on freaking *socialists* of all people. For Steven Crowder, publishing a video like that makes him gain points with the right-wingers. Because suddenly, all the left-wing people they already hate - now they have Hitler on "their team". Even more reason to hate those "evil socialists" - because who was more evil than Hitler?
&gt;Recognizing that isn't puritanical or even conservative and ignoring it will cause us to ignore problems specific to sex work and sex workers. I agree, but I think OPs point is that we should maybe re-examine \*why\* we think this way and if it can cause us to jump to the wrong conclusions because of this distinction we have in our heads.
Hell, *I* thought that way about you, right up until I went to sleep shortly before the election started lol I couldn't believe my eyes when I picked up my phone the next day, especially since I had just applied for an exchange semester in Illinois at that time hahaha I really should've stopped being so naive after Brexist happened, but Trump was a wake-up call. I'm not making the same mistake of underestimating the far-right ever again.
&gt;and I would bet you another thousand Deutschmarks* that he will win 2020 with a higher count than 2016. I hate that you're likely right. If the Democrats weren't so fucking stupid, they could win easily, but... I stopped putting *any* amount of trust in Trump's opposition.
&gt;Oh and btw, I assumed porn stars are sex workers, aren't they? I see that your point is that it's not possible to draw a rigid line of "this is sex work" and "this isn't", and I'll certainly have to think about this point some more. Yup, but very often, SWERFS focus on prostitutes and ignore other types of sex work because it's unconvenient for their arguments. I think we're pretty much in agreement, I get what you're trying to say. I also wouldn't start any argument with someone by saying "sex work is the same as other types of work" - however, I believe that the argument made in the meme is a better phrased version of the same thing. "Sex work is exploitative" - "All work is exploitative under capitalism" - because then it's on *them* to argue why sex work is different and should be treated differently.
I can assure you that while there's certainly a (very small) subset of weird Marxist-Leninists who uncritically worship China, they are *not* the biggest offender here. It's the far-right that celebrates this treatment of Muslims. Not leftists.
I'm not one to call Trump the next Hitler or anything, but if "Well he's not *quite* as bad as this other guy" is your best defense of a person, that really isn't a great look
Fascism and capitalism don't exclude each other. A country can absolutely be capitalist and fascist at the same time. Fascism has no inherent economic policies, Pinochet for instance was extremely capitalist while Hitler's economic policies were a bit more mixed. There really is nothing communist about China though. The state owning certain companies doesn't make it communist. For that, the workers would have to own them. There is such a thing as state capitalism. China is communist in name and appearance only, just like the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is Democratic in name only.
I'm sorry what? I'm left-wing myself. I have never said, nor do I believe, that China is left-wing in any capacity. China is a capitalist/state capitalist hellhole with proto-fascist tendencies.
Have you ever looked through alt-right subreddits in discussions about China? Many *do* hate the country, it's true, but their treatment of Muslims is often celebrated. I wouldn't say that there's a uniform opinion among fascists to China. Some probably hate the country, some probably worship it for their fascist tendencies, and the majority probably has mixed opinions on it based on their policies. But their treatment of Muslims, that's one thing that I've routinely seen the far right support and cheer on.
I could be wrong, but I don't think OP is actually a Nazi, but just playing along to make fun of how stupid it sounds (referring to that second thread you linked). I was arguing in that very same thread with OP about that dogwhistle and they struck me as a level-headed person who was jumping the gun a bit too quickly on a perceived dogwhistle and OPs responses didn't strike me as those of someone who's just a Nazi trying to troll cb2.
That's what I'm referring to. Out of context it looks bad, but I'm like 98% sure that OP is making fun of Nazi talk to bait the other user they're talking to. If you look at their post history, it's all very leftist. If they're actually alt-right then they're *very* commited to LARPing as a leftist for some reason. I don't buy it.
That's OP mocking and baiting the user they're arguing with Just check their post history. It's *all* leftist content. If they're a Nazi, then they've been commited to LARPing as a leftist for a long long time. Why? That doesn't make any sense.
Uhh I know and agree with all of that but... have you replied to the wrong comment? I don't know why you're telling me this tbh I am well aware of the tacticts of the alt-right and all the frenworld/honkler bullshit. I think people are getting a little bit confused about what exactly was going on here, since you need to be aware of both the Cyberpunk 2077 and the cb2 thread. The situation is this: In the original thread, OP pointed out that the original creator of Cyberpunk 2077 said *honk honk*, and people, including me, pointed out that it's unlikely that it's a dogwhistle (in *this* case) because the creator is like a 60 year old black dude and it's way more likely that in his comment, he was specifically referencing a gang of clowns from the game. Hence, OP "jumping the gun too quickly" upon reading the words *honk honk*. Then the OP of *this* thread found another string of comments where the cb2 OP - the one that pointed out the *honk honk* in the Cyberpunk thread - seemingly used all the frenworld speech himself, making him look like a Nazi. I pointed out that, after talking in the original thread to OP about the Cyberpunk 2077 situation, he really didn't strike me as a Nazi - I thought it was more likely that he was parodying that kind of speech and making fun of it to bait *another* user in that thread (who probably was a frenworld user). OP was mocking him by using frenworld speech satirically, not *actually* meaning it. A quick look through OPs post history pretty much confirmed that, since it's all leftist content. Man, that's... kinda hard to explain hahaha But I hope you understand what I meant by my comment
Not to be an ass, but I feel like this situation could've easily been solved by... joining the union. There's a reason why they want you there. Every non-union member is a thorn in the eye of unionists. Not because they *don't* care about non-union members, but precisely because they care about *all* workers. Depending on the field, non-union workers can be like scabs when strikes are happening - they direclty hinder the goals that the union or the strikers are trying to achieve. You look at them and think they're being selfish, but there's a possibility that *they* were looking at *you* and seeing a bunch of people standing in the way of labor rights. Obviously I don't know your situation and it's also possible that that specific union was simply shitty. There *are* loads of shitty unions out there - one doesn't need to look further than the police. But the fact that non-union members sometimes get the shorter end of the stick is not generally an indictment of unions, especially when it's so often the other way around.
Wie andere schon gesagt haben, kommt es auf den Alkoholgehalt an, aber du meintest ja du hättest ihn "vor ein paar Tagen" gemacht - also wenn das jetzt nicht unbedingt mehrere Wochen her ist, dürfte das eigentlich auch bei einem etwas niedrigerem Gehalt kein Thema sein, solange das Zeug nicht gerade in der Sonne stand. Aber wie die anderen schon gesagt haben, einfach mal dran riechen, vielleicht nen Schluck nehmen - wenn's schlecht ist, merkst du's.
Ah, that does sound like a shitty situation then.
&gt; and then shoving your own people into concentration camps, isn’t it? Oh boy do I have a thing to tell you
Huh?
Das suggeriert das überhaupt nicht. Es gibt einen gewaltigen Unterschied zwischen "Es ist abscheulich, so etwas zu sagen" und "Es sollte illegal sein, so etwas zu sagen"
Do you have a source for that? Because I read an essay of his once called "The power of my vagina" or something like that which I really liked, and it sounded like the *opposite* of what truscum would say. Not saying you're wrong or anything but it would really surprise me
I don't think there's any evidence that actually suggests that men have a higher sex drive than women, it's just that our society pushes those ideas on us.
Exactly. To add to what you said: labels only matter if you want them to matter. For example, I consider myself straight...-ish. I'm a dude who's mostly into women but not necessarily opposed to fooling around with men - and there are certainly trans and enby people I'm interested in as well. But do I need to label myself as bisexual as a result? Nah, I don't think that's really accurate. Is there a label that better describes my sexuality? Sure, I'm certain that some people out there are similar to me and have made up a term. I could also simply call myself "queer" and be done with it. But do I need that? Not really, since I don't really feel like I'm part of the LGBT+ community, since I *mostly* live my life as a straight man. I think labels can be great to find common ground, especially among folks who face discrimination and want to meet like minded people. But you can also just say... fuck it, I don't really need it, I'm going to live my life without any labels. (And yeah I realize that "straight-ish" is a label as well - but I kinda like that it's vague and that I don't need to narrow it down any further)
Same difference, depending on who you ask.
lmao *you* were the one who complained about white people speaking *for* her, and now you get all your panties up in a bunch because someone said "I'm not white" &gt;I'm so glad she has a white person like you to fight the good fight for her, since she's too stupid and brainwashed by internalized white supremacy. This is a direct quote by you only a few comments up. People are calling you out on your bullshit.
I'm not looking to sanitize anything. Socialism is kind of a hard term to define, and historically, has been used in different ways by different people, which is why I said "depending on who you ask". Marx &amp; Engels for instance used the terms socialism and communism interchangeable for the most part. I am aware that many liberals of today mean Europe-style social democracy when they say "socialism". But that's not how I use the word.
Right right we're in agreement I think. I wasn't sure if you were trying to argue in bad faith and saying that Malcolm X was an "eeeeebil comulist" since you're mass tagged in a couple of bad subs but I'm glad to see that the opposite is the case hahaha
aganistgaymarriage &amp; cringeanarchy (both now banned), jordanpeterson, conspiracy, badunitedkingom, rightwinglgbt, tumblrinaction But I checked out a few of your comments in them and saw that you were there to argue, and not in agreement, so yeah don't worry.
You should watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AL997BhfP0M It's not about reddit, but about YouTube and Steven Crowder, but the principle is exactly the same. He explains that while no, corporations are never our friends, we should still put pressure on them to enforce rules that deplatform fascists. It will only help us. The whole censorship slippery slope ("but what if they come for us next???") is simply not an argument that holds any water.
YouTube is continually banning and demonitizing left-wing content. Twitter routinely bans users and deletes tweets because fascists mass tag them. Just because it's not looking quite like that on reddit right now doesn't mean that it'll stay this way. Always keep in mind that leftists are *way* more dangerous to corporations (especially these huge tech conglomerates) than fascists. They only keep us around because we are making them money. As soon as that changes, they won't hesitate to censor left-wing content.
Nimble Dick is one of my favorite secondary characters, people don't talk about him enough imo. Way back when Season 3 aired and we didn't yet know where Brienne's storyline was heading in the show, a user joked that if we ever get Dick Crabb in the show, Steve Buscemi should play him. Obviously that never would've happened, even if they were to include him, but could you imagine? It would've been perfect.
I think Brienne's book chapters are underrated. Folks like to hate on AFFC and Brienne's chapters especially but I've always enjoyed them a lot.
I love the chapters because almost all of the others are from characters who are Lords or Ladies or Queens or what have you - and with them (except for some exceptions like Arya) you don't really get to see the smallfolk much. Of course Brienne is highborn as well, but in her AFFC chapters, you learn so much about the peasants - how war affects them, how you survive in such a world, how all the Kings and Queens continuously fuck you over. It's a fascinating insight that we don't really get in Ned's or Tyrion's chapters.
He was actually a climate change denier as well, at least to a certain extent. He wasn't as bad as many Republicans are now, but he definitely said that he didn't believe - or, at the very least, was skeptical about the claim - that humans were the main factor for climate change.
Honestly, I might get flak for this, but I also found Jurassic Park boring as shit, after having watched the movie first. It seems a little bit like Crichton was jacking himself off over how many scientific facts and cool looking graphs and tables he could cram into one book, but forgot to write a very compelling story. I find the movie a lot more engaging honestly.
&gt;Vox is far left &gt;Very very far left The politics understanders have logged on
35?? Benjamin somehow looks like a child and an man in his late 40s at the same time, but he does not look 35 lmao
&gt;By censoring pretty much anything outside a very narrow range of politically correct views, Youtube pretty much makes itself irrelevant. Pray tell, what are these "politically correct" views in your opinion? Because leftist YouTube content, and *especially* LGBT+ content, gets demonetized all the time. If you simply put the word "trans" in your title, the chances are extremely high that you're gonna get demonetized immediately. The system is broken, but not because of a political bias. It's broken because YouTube does not have a financial interest in fixing it. Edit: This comment explains is very well https://old.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/c58yz1/youtube_is_demonitizing_videos_that_explore_the/es0k98i/
Jesus Christ you actally have no idea what you're talking about, do you? Left leaning YouTubers complain about this shit *all the time*. *They* get demonetized too for handling topics like racism or fascism. This isn't the result of YouTube bowing to political correctness. This is about money, nothing else. It's a lot easier and a lot cheaper for YouTube to simply demonetize everything that can be viewed as controversial - which includes *tons* of leftist content, especially LGBT+ content, as well - than to improve their algorithm or hire actual people to look into this stuff. For fuck's sake, every second video plays a freaking PragerU ad, and if you watch any political content at all you'll sooner or later get recommendation for Ben Shapiro's latest "CRAZY LIBERAL DESTROYED!!!" compilation, but somehow you people still complain that YouTube has it out for right-wingers.
The channel isn't bad, but the commenters in that thread are.
*YouTube has always demonetized channels without reason.* The whole Vox thing has absolutely nothing to do with this. Zilch. Do you freak out the same way about the "21st century burning of the books" everytime a left-leaning YouTube channel or a channel about LGBT+ issues gets demonetized? Which has been happening for *years*, by the way? No? Why not? And if yes, then what are you accusing *me* of, exactly? I'm not celebrating this. I think this is awful. But to say that it's a left vs. right issue is just completely wrong, because if that were the case, YouTube would only censor one side, and not the other. That simply isn't happening. YouTube doesn't give a shit who or what they "censor" (demonetization and censorship aren't the same thing, but that's another issue) - they only do what gets them the most advertiser money. That's it. Edit: Not that it matters, but the people who called for Crowder to be demonetized did so because he literally broke YouTube's TOS. You can think of that what you like, but if you don't like it, then again, you have to call out *YouTube* and not the people who want to hold them accountable, because it's *YouTube* who wrote their TOS, which Crowder clearly broke.
Hey how about you engage with literally anything else in my comment except for my edit that you take issue with I mean we *could* argue about that, but I think it's completely pointless and also not really part of my main argument and I think it's rather telling that you picked *that* part of my comment and ignored everything else.
So?
Okay, but again, so? That doesn't change anything about what I said. I'm not sure what your point is, or if you're just being nitpicky for no reason.
What difference does that make??? My point is that YouTube constantly recommends you right-wing videos if you watch any political content at all. I don't give a shit if it's Ben Shapiro himself or SJWDestroyer69 who uploads them.
I choose gamer girl pee
The vast majority of the Seanchan who were in any position of power, including Tuon, should've been hanged for crimes against humanity after Tarmon Gai'don, change my mind
He's such a tool
He also called one of the guys who were involved in the Thailand cave rescue a while back a pedophile on Twitter just because he dared to criticize Elon Musk's dumb child coffin submarine. He deleted that tweet later, but then a few days after that doubled down on it and called him a pedo again.
I mean it's just very hypocritical. It shows that you don't really have any real standards. Don't get me wrong, I dislike gatekeeping the left, but if you throw your political opinions out the window just because a guy posts funny memes on Twitter or something, then I think it's pretty fair to question your sincerity. It's a bit like if I were to say "Oh well I'm a communist and hate conservatives, but isn't it hilarious how Trump trolls those libtards? LOL!" Edit: Oh and to elaborate, I think it's definitely possible that people just aren't aware of what a shithead Musk really is. I used to kinda like him as well back when I wasn't quite as far left as I am now and was blinded by that cult of personality around him. It's possible to be on the left and like bad people if you simply don't know that they're bad people yet. But if you know of Musk's union busting, his shitty antics on Twitter (like the pedophile thing), his donation habits, etc. and *still* proclaim that you like the guy, then... I'll question whether you're *really* on the left as you say you are. At the very least, you're a big hypocrite. (Not talking about you personally, of course, I'm using the general 'you' here)
Leftists and LGBT+ people complain about it a lot as well, actually. When a company that donated millions to Republican politicians claims to support gay rights, that seems a bit dishonest, doesn't it? When YouTube routinely demonetizes any kind of LGBT+ content but changes their logo to rainbow colors, what kind of message does that send? Corporations do *not* care about minorities. They literally only care about money.
Well I'm not saying that it's feasible or even possible, but it's what they deserve tbh
I don't think it's against work period, but criticizing the exploitative labor conditions under capitalism.
No idea why you're downvoted. I don't get why a gym would have a rule against headwear in the first place, honestly. But not letting her wear her headscarf is pretty fucked imo, even if whoever enforced that rule didn't do so out of racism.
And we, as citizens, have just as much right to call that gym a piece of shit institution for having that rule. Just because something is *technically allowed* doesn't mean it's good and moral.
Elon used a tragedy to pull a publicity stunt by building a child coffin submarine. Someone needed to call him out on that bullshit. Calling someone a pedophile over that is fucking vile and if you don't see that then I don't know how to help you.
But that kind of thinking doesn't get you anywhere. We've had all kinds of "green" programs for ages now: Stop people from littering, encourage people to recycle, encourage people to go vegan, etc. etc. etc. BUT THINGS KEEP GETTING WORSE. At some point, you have to stop with these things that target individuals, because it's horribly ineffective. 100 companies are responsible for over 70% of *all* carbon emissions. Sure you can say "just consume less", but it doesn't work. We know it doesn't work, because it hasn't been working in the last few decades. What we need is systemic, radical, top-down change, and not some bullshit feel good "Oh just eat a little less meat and take the bike every other day" nonsense. I'm not saying that it's not good to make individual green choices - but I am saying that it's not enough, and that it can *never* be enough. Not to mention that consumers are constantly being lied to. Just because something appears to be greener doesn't mean it is. Organic or green products are way too often a scam - you might think that you're shopping responsibly, but actually, you're doing just as much damage.
Psst - China isn't actually communist, not even a little bit. China is very much a capitalist country.
It's a sliding scale, not a binary system. Fascists support Trump for the same reason that many communists support Bernie Sanders. Trump ain't a fascist, and Bernie is not a communist, but they're certainly closer to one side than the other. Whatever Trump's ideology, he is *helping* fascism. America, under Trump, is getting *more* fascist. Does that make the USA a fascist country? No! Are comparison to fascism still apt? Definitely. Also I will 100% disagree with you about Bolsonaro. I have no qualms calling him a straight up fascist.
&gt; And how is Trump "helping" fascism his rhetoric is nothing new he hasn't aided fascists in any significant way One simple example: His reaction to Charlottesville. He played the fascists directly into their hands by calling out "both sides" and complaining about the "alt-left", and he knew it. Constantly downplaying the threat of fascism *is* helping fascism. I agree with you that we probably shouldn't call Trump a fascist, but that's no reason not to be aware of all the things that he's doing that is helping actual fascists.
&gt;you can't just combine the word fascism with another ideology and have it work lmao I'm sorry, what? Do you actually believe that? That doesn't make any sense. Ideologies intersect all the time, which is why there are so many different types of anarcho-x's. The same is true for fascism. Fascism for instance does not have a clear-cut economic policy - Hitler and Pinochet were different kinds of fascists with different ideological tenets. Hell, don't forget that Nazbols and Strasserists exist.
Well no, because Sweden and the US, while they both are neoliberal countries, still have some major differences between them. People aren't calling the US fascist just for the fun of it. I'm German, and I wouldn't call Germany's government fascist either just because it's conservative and capitalist. But Trump is not just some regular conservative capitalist politician. I'm not one to call Trump the next Hitler, and I do view him as a symptom, and not as the cause of the problems in our world, but that does not mean that he's just another douchebag politician like all the rest. He's significantly worse than someone like Obama or Merkel *because* of his fashy leanings.
Whoa did /r/circlejerk take a hard turn in recent years? I remember being subscribed a long time ago and it was generally rather left leaning. Did that change? Haven't checked out the place in quite a while
Says in the article that his superiors fought for him, but that the higher-ups in corporate wanted him gone specifically over the tweet. He's literally just a handle on Twitter for them, they didn't give a shit about his actual work performance, they just fired him over the tweet.
&gt;What would almost certainly also be in whatever employment contract he has? Not using company computer for personal stuff. This feels like a massive reach, neither you or I know anything about the context of that photo. We can only go by what the article says, and it pretty clearly says that despite his superiors wanting to keep him around, corporate fired him over a tweet.
There have been loads of self-proclaimed Nazi fucks on this subreddit for quite a while, they think it's a safe haven for them because "it's the only political subreddit where you can still debate!!!" or some nonsense. The wild part is that a lot of times, these people even get upvoted, either by their buddies, or by naive redditors who are impressed by their "civility".
500k now holy SHIT
I'd argue that they're pretty undeniably good for the Wasteland no matter who is in charge, because their only goal is to help people. Sure they don't control anything, and they won't be able to defend anything cause they're not an army. But just because they're not able to do *those* specific things doesn't mean that they're not good for the Wasteland.
Yup. He didn't speak "truth to power", he just said what everyone already knows and clapped himself on the back in the process.
&gt; We Neudeutschen will forge a new, strong, proud Germany together with the enlightened Natives while the self-haters and the Linksgrüne will continue to feel guilty for being "too white" Jesus fucking Christ. I can see the *real* caricature is in the comments.
How &amp; when can you play a boardgame with Kim?
How does this happen?
Never got why so many people dislike Ghost Story. I personally love it - but I am also a huge sucker for a good reunion storyline, that shit makes me tear up.
That is amazing. Weird, I had a pretty high Inland Empire, but apparently not high enough since my necktie never spoke to me!
Well I mean, I'm not an alcoholic, and I've never shown up hammered to work, but I still think this is kind of a joke for anyone who is used to drinking at least *kind* of regularly. Downing 12 light beers after work every day is absolutely possible, the hangovers might be a pain but they shouldn't be *that* bad (especially if you stay hydrated). I really don't think this would be a challenge for most people.
I'd *much* rather be a bit gassy from carbonated beer than drink 9 flat beers
Yeah that's fair
Yeah I fucking love beer, but beer that has gone flat almost makes me gag
Uff Autsch meine Knochen
Drinking 12 light beers a day for a month will most definitely *not* kill you unless you already have some *very* serious health problems to begin with. I don't mean to downplay the negative effects of alcohol here, but this is ridiculous.
&gt;There're only 3, maybe 4 Dem candidates who actually care about solving problems. Who are the others? I mean, even Lizzie, who is often said to be the other progressive candidate, voted TWICE to increase Trump's military budget.
...I can see that. I'm personally not a big fan of Yang's policies but at least he seems a lot more sincere than most of the others.
Haikus (or poetries) like these that are funny but predictable at first, and then put in another totally unexpected punchline in the end are absolutely fantastic.
Perhaps legal, but still incredibly fucked up and almost certainly sexual abuse when you consider the fact that she's been his step-mom since he was 9 years old.
If you haven't caught on already: Most of the people who have the auth center flair are literal, unironic Neo-Nazis, and I don't mean this in the sense of "everyone who disagrees with me is a Nazi!"
Well most liblefts don't want to go around willy nilly killing people lol, they want a revolution just the same cause apparently nothing else is gonna stop us from burning the planet to the ground.
I don't see what's wrong with this tbh
Ich kenn das nur beim zweiten Drücken, also quasi als "Bestätigung". Das erste Verriegeln ist lautlos. Machen das manche Autos auch einfach immer beim ersten Mal? Im Endeffekt macht's aber glaube ich eh keinen großen Unterschied weil in meiner Erfahrung eh immer alle zwei mal drücken um halt die akkustische "Bestätigung" zu kriegen...
So, I totally understand your argument, but could you address the point I made in the comment here? https://old.reddit.com/r/Anarchy101/comments/epkloj/whats_wrong_with_noam_chomsky/fekiosd/ I chose parentage as an easy example, but I'm sure there are others.
No doubt - revolutions can be messy. But the whole point is that being okay with violence in certain situations doesn't immediately make you authoritarian.
You seem to equate hierarchy with authoritarianism &amp; coersion. I think that that's a mistake - Plenty of hierarchies can work without that. Someone else brought in the boat example, where people elect a captain (cause you might actually *need* one). A hierarchy exists, but it's not necessarily coersive or authoritarian. Same with parentage, in my opinion. A parent *has* power over a young child (a baby, for example) and it can not always let the child behave as autonomously as it wants - if a toddler walks onto a street, for instance, to use that old example again. Is that not a hierarchy? If you say that these aren't really "hierachies" in the true sense of the word, then it's really just an issue of semantics.
I've seen a lot of replies now, and I really think that in the end it mostly comes down to semantics. When I think about so called "justified hierarchies", I don't necessarily think about authority - a hierarchy for me just means a top-down order, and you would *have* a structure like that in the example of a ship captain, no matter if he uses force to enforce this hierarchy or not. I understand why people want to define it differently though.
I've said it in a couple of different comments already, but I think my main issue is just that I don't really think that a hierarchy necessarily requires force/coercion/authoritarianism. I would call any top-down order a hierarchy, I think - and in that case, it's simply not possible (or beneficial) to get rid of all structures where someone has an amount of power over someone else (as is the case with parenting, or in the ship captain example). So in the end, it seems to be a semantical issue more than an ideological one.
For convenience let's stay with the ship captain example. If the captain is democratically elected, and everyone voluntarily signs on to be in the ship, and the captain gives the orders - without force - is that not a top-down order? What else would you call it?
&gt; Gier ist grundsätzlich kein guter Erklärungsansatz für wirtschaftliches Verhalten. Und andere Lügen die Kapitalisten erzählen
Can we not link to this guy's website please? Don't want the Nazi to get any ad revenue.
The artist is literally a Nazi.
Even if you want to make the distinction between Nazis and Neo-Nazis (and it's a useless one), then Stonetoss, by your *own* definition, is still a fucking Neo-Nazi.
In addition to what the other user already said: He also drew himself doing a Nazi salute in his old webcomic red panels. And if you check his Twitter (although I would advise against it, there's nothing of worth there), he doesn't deny being a Nazi at all, he's proud of it. The only time he ever even makes the *attempt* to deny anything is to fool gullible centrists who aren't familiar with his usual content.
&gt;The only time he ever even makes the attempt to deny anything is to fool gullible centrists who aren't familiar with his usual content. He has literally admitted it on his Twitter. I could look it up but... ehh too much effort right now. And, sorry, but if you look at more than 3 of his comics and not understand what kind of person he is, then you're willfully ignorant.
Uhh no I don't? What makes you think that
Lots of people have been speculating that they're one and the same person because StoneToss started shorty after RedPanels ended, and both content and art style are *incredibly* similar. I mean, really, they're basically the same thing, except that the people in RedPanels had a *slightly* different style to them, but all the caricatures are the same. So it's pretty obvious. I am *pretty* sure that someone managed to prove it conclusively at some point - at least I remember reading something a while back - but I don't know how to find it. I'm not sure if StoneToss himself ever commented on it. So I guess I don't have any concrete evidence for you but... they're the same person. I'd happily bet money on it.
Und deswegen darf man sich nicht darüber beschweren oder wie?
Morally grey? In my opinion the Seanchan are straight up evil, slavery &amp; torture aside, they're also basically authoritarian colonialists. I struggle to find *any* redeeming qualities among the Seanchan (besides the few characters who become aware of the fucked up things they do and change). Honestly, after the last battle, every Seanchan that had any amount of power should've been on trial for crimes against humanity.
Look at those BEANS
Of course - feudalism is obviously in itself a morally bankrupt system because you can't depend on benevolent rulers. So I'm not saying that the other lands are on some moral high ground here. I still think that you can call the Seanchan evil though. I know, I know, nothing in the world is black and white, but their whole ideology is simply fucked up if you ask me.
Emden!!! My place of birth! Man, I haven't been back in *years*!
I used to live there! Lovely little town.
I'd argue that it's not quite the same thing as stealthing also carries the risk of spreading STDs. Still, it's incredibly fucked up.
Stimmt, ich vergesse auch ständig dass es das Konzept "Kontext" überhaupt nicht gibt.
I was expecting pufferfish aeugh
&gt; die tankies machen sich die Three Arrows eigen. Eher die Anarchisten.
"Sprachverfall" existiert nicht. Tu dir selbst einen Gefallen und leg den Bastian Sick wieder ins Regal und höre stattdessen echten Linguisten zu.
Wieso nicht?
Of course it does not happen all the time, every time, but it definitely *does* happen. Incredible headlines like "Buttigieg rivals Biden at the top of the polls" while Bernie is higher than both of them. None of the other candidates get that kind of treatment. The type of interview questions he gets asked by CNN, NYT, etc. also speak *volumes*. Hell, just yesterday there was a completely fabricated article on the Economist that blatantly and transparently lied about Bernie's campaign slogan - with a a real pretty anti-semitic caricature of Bernie to boot as well.
I think that Bernie would not have the same support from the working poor if he simply accepted the same money as everyone else. Like the other user said, the fact that he's very much running a people's campaing is a *huge* part of his appeal and most likely helps him more than *not* accepting Big Money hurts him. His campaign slogan, his rallies... that all mirrors this.
Why do you hate poor people and minorities so much that you'd rather vote for a proto-fascist if your preferred candidate doesn't win? Your moral compass is completely fucked. Bernie himself hates Trump with a passion and has said openly that he will support *any* other Democratic candidate in case he doesn't get the nomination, just like he did in 2016. He knows that stopping Trump is too important to hold on to grudges, so why don't you listen to the man himself?
I think there's something to be said about discussing what this endorsement really means and how much of an influence Joe Rogan has on American men in their 20s (aka Rogan's core audience). I believe that this is not some insignificant thing and I totally get why Bernie made that ad. But the top comment on that /r/BreadTube thread says it best imo: This is not the time to rehabilitate Rogan's issues, because he still holds some incredibly problematic views and has been a gateway to some alt-right figures for some time now. He's not as bad as a Ben Shapiro or a Steven Crowder but he's still promoting similar ideas when it comes to some social issues.
what are you talking about this is funny as shit
No this sucks
I mostly agree, except about Bernie. I think he's further to the left than many people give him credit for. Some people always say that he'd just be considered a regular run-of-the-mill social Democrat in "Europe" (whatever that means since Europe is made up of *many* different countries with *wildly* different political landscapes), but I'd argue that he'd definitely join Left parties instead of the more centrist Social Democrat parties. Bernie *really* advocates for worker rights and actually fights against corporatism. That's unfortunately not something that a lot of Social Democrats do anymore nowadays. He's not *far* left, for sure, but he isn't "barely left of center" either.
By that metric, there's only the far left and centrism, and nothing inbetween. That doesn't make any sense. You can call Bernie a capitalist (I'm not sure if I fully agree with that sentiment but I'll let it stand) but there's a difference between politicians like him and Biden, or even him and Warren (who literally called herself "capitalist to the bone"). And I'm not some liberal. I consider myself a communist. I know that electoralism is a dead end. But I recognize when a politician falls out of the neoliberal mainstream, and Bernie absolutely does.
Krass. Ich wusste dass Gabalier so einer ist, aber Baumgartner scheint ja sogar *noch mal* ne Spur härter zu sein.
Nazi-Zeugs ist vielleicht etwas übertrieben aber Dieter Nuhr ist bekannt für sehr islam- und feminismuskritische Inhalte. Erst vor ein paar Tagen kam wieder ein absoluter Brüller von ihm im Karnevals-TV, dass man sich ja beim Bäcker entschuldigen müsste, wenn man sich als Kind mal so verkleidet hat xDDDDD rofl
&gt; "Homophob" ist jeder Rapper, wenn man den Texten nach geht Ganz schlechte Verteidigung und außerdem völlig falsch.
Wie, was? Willst du jetzt wirklich von mir Beispiele von Hip Hop Künstlern hören, die nicht homophob sind? Willst du *ernsthaft* behaupten, dass jeder (deutsche?) Rapper homophobe Texte benutzt? Du weißt schon, dass es auch etwas anderes als Gangsta-Rap gibt, oder?
Es ging erst um Kollegah, und danach meintest du, homophob wäre laut den Texten jeder Rapper. Klang jetzt für mich nicht so, als ob sich das nur auf Gangsta Rap beziehen würde. Aber nur um mal ein *paar* Beispiele zu nennen, einige der Interpreten die den deutschen Hip Hop geprägt haben, wie zb. Fanta 4, haben sich *gezielt* gegen Diskriminierung im Hip Hop ausgesprochen. Heute vielleicht nicht mehr allzu relevant die Truppe, aber man sollte nicht vergessen wie wichtig sie für die gesamte Szene waren. Ähnlich mit Fettes Brot, der Song "Schwule Mädchen" ist laut den Künstlern selbst eine Reaktion auf Homophobie im Hip Hop. Advanced Chemistry, quasi *die* erste deutsche Hip Hop Gruppe, hat meines Wissens auch keine homophobe Texte. Bei den Beginnern wüsste ich auch von nichts (kenne aber natürlich nicht jeden einzelnen Song). Das sind jetzt natürlich alles bekannte Gruppen aus dem Mainstream, und keiner davon ist Gangsta Rap. Aber mich würde es schon sehr wundern, wenn es nicht auch dort Interpreten gibt, die sich gegen den Trend wenden. Homophobie ist halt auch einfach nicht mehr so in wie es vor ein paar Jahren noch war. Kenne mich selbst aber mit Gangsta Rap nicht so gut aus. So oder so, selbst wenn man meint dass "jeder" Gangsta Rapper homophobe Texte hat - selbst wenn man die Aussage als Übertreibung aufnimmt, das ist schon ne sehr steile These und ich würde meine Hand dafür ins Feuer legen, dass das Schwachsinn ist, auch wenn Homophobie (genauso wie Frauenfeindlichkeit) immer noch sehr weit verbreitet ist. Und, wie ich's gesagt hab: "Jeder macht es" ist keine gute Entschuldigung, selbst wenn es stimmen würde.
Öhh... war das nicht Red Bull?
Ja, aber bei Nuhr ist es schon die klassische "Islam=bad" Schiene, die sich als Religionskritik ausgibt, aber im Endeffekt halt einfach nur rassistisch ist, ähnlich wie bei'm amerikanischen Talkshow Host Bill Maher
&gt;So war das auch nicht gemeint. Worauf ich hinaus wollte, ist etwas, dass du selbst erwähntest: Gut, in Ordnung, hatte ich so verstanden in deinem ersten Kommentar.
I mean, it's just entertainment. Of course they didn't "accomplish" anything, and I doubt they were meaning to. But they likely pissed her off, and a lot of people had a lot of fun watching it. Isn't that enough?
Get this man a fucking Puppers
Remember when everyone made fun of that article that claimed "ACs are sexist"? It was never a stupid point, the headline was just designed to be clickbait-y. But this is what it was about exactly: that so many products are designed by men &amp; for men. This is why diversity is important in *all* jobs and academic fields. There's also a similar bias against PoC in tech. For example, facial recognition software sometimes does not pick up faces that are non-white, since it was designed &amp; tested by a white team only. Better Off Ted satirized that in an episode once, with the racist elevator doors.
"I can't reach pink color" Bitch what the fuck does that mean Why does every shitty mobile game have some "pink color" that apparently you need to reach to be good.
Great idea. Got stuck at meme and mum unfortunately. I tried for a bit but am absolutely clueless
&gt;Libs are the left here. They're really not, have you never talked to an American leftist before? American leftists hate libs.
Uhhh, this is a huge over-simplification. The social Democrats likewise refused to cooperate. The Iron Front, who used the infamous Three Arrows (today often used by Antifa groups) symbol - Those arrows literally stood against Monarchy, Fascism, and Communism.
This doesn't contradict OPs claim at all.
The mob is not asking for innocent people to get charged, genius
Blackout Tuesday was stupid and didn't do anything except for "blacking out" vital info about BLM protests. No one actually *wanted* it, it was just a dumb idea to "show support" without actually doing anything substantial.
&gt;I’m completely fine with organizations of people promoting themselves and their work by supporting good causes. What's this supporting though? Who does this help? They *easily* could've thought of something more useful, like donating money earned on shark cards or something. This is just an empty gesture used as a marketing tactic. "Look at us! We're doing something!" - but that "something" is in reality nothing at all.
Hätte die Schulleitung sowieso ganz schnell aufgehalten wenn sowas die Wahl gewonnen hätte, und zurecht. Das ist nicht nur unlustig, sondern auch unglaublich dämlich und hätte so einigen von euch easy die Zukunft ruinieren können.
Actually, all of these are disgusting pigs. They didn't resign out of disgust of the two cops behavior, they resigned in disgust *because the two cops got suspended.* Let that fucking sink in. Everyone can see what happened on the video clear as day and *57 fucking cops resign because they didn't agree with the suspension of the two cops who did it*. Fucking pigs.
That doesn't work with Back to the Future time travel rules though! Back to the Future is not Terminator - it's not a loop. The first time Doc met Marty, Doc had no idea who he was because he never met him in the 50s at that point. This is easily proven because if it were a loop, Marty's parents would've been successful from the very beginning.
Yeah that's a weird criticism, especially considering how many other 80s classics take to "get to the point" (E.T., Goonies, Home Alone [I know, I know, technically 90s, gimme a break]) BttF barely wastes time at all, it cuts right to the chase. The script moves pretty fast all things considered imo
It kind of implies a time loop, but it's really more of a gimmick than a legit plot point I believe, cause otherwise it would break all the time travel "rules" in the movie. I think the "joke" in the script is supposed to give the viewer the idea that it's a loop, but it's actually pretty easily explainable even using the in-movie logic: Marty just played Chuck a song that he would've written regardless. With or without Marty, the song would've been made. If anything, Marty just helped Chuck out a little bit in the new timeline.
Pretty sure they're talking about The Goonies
Well, I would say it depends. If people loot a big business either for mutual aid or for survival, I would say that that's a good (and sometimes necessary) thing. If people loot/destroy a big business that's been actively harmful to the community, I would argue that that *can* also be a good thing. But if you simply loot without aim, only for personal gain, you can do a lot more damage than good.
Ich verstehe was du meinst, stimme aber nicht ganz zu, aus ein paar Gründen. 1) BLM ist mittlerweile eine globale Bewegung und hat sehr hohen Wiedererkennungswert. Davon haben mittlerweile die meisten schon mal von gehört. Deswegen wird es auch mehr Leute erreichen, als eine neue Bewegung, die man von Grund auf aufbauen muss 2) BLM geht um mehr als nur Black Lives. Es geht um Minderheiten generell, auch wenn der Fokus (v.a. in den USA) natürlich auf Polizeigewalt gegen Schwarze liegt. Aber BLM setzt sich (in Amerika) zum Beispiel auch für die Rechte von Native Americans, Latinos, LGBTQ+ etc. ein - dementsprechend kann man das ganze auch in Deutschland auf Flüchtlinge und Rassismus gegen zb. Osteuropäer übertragen 3) Die Bewegung geht auch über Minderheitenrechte und Polizeigewalt hinaus. Vor allem die Proteste jetzt sind in vielen Zügen nicht nur anti-rassistisch sondern auch anti-kapitalistisch und anti-authoritär. Alles relevant in Deutschland.
Klar darf er das, und ich darf auch etwas Kontext hinzufügen, warum es OP vielleicht um etwas mehr geht als nur Corona.
&gt;aber es gibt auch viele die darauf hinweisen dass es eben nicht um Latinos, Native Americans etc. geht sondern um Schwarze. Habe ich noch nie gesehen, zumindest nicht als Mainstream Meinung die vertreten wird. Was höchstens gesagt wird, ist dass der *Fokus* auf Black Lives liegt, aber nicht, dass andere Minderheiten ausgelassen werden. &gt;Und insbesondere zum Thema LGBT möchte ich noch auf dieses Video verweisen. Habs mir angeschaut, aber verstehe nicht so ganz, warum du es mir schickst. Gerade er erwähnt doch, ausdrücklich, wie wichtig die Rechte *aller* Minderheiten sind.
In principle, you're right. However, we *have* to think strategically. Every business that employs people and is not worker-owned technically exploits them, even if the benefits &amp; pay are good. In an ideal world, businesses like that, neither big or small, would not exist. That much is *true*. However, that does not justify rampant looting of any and all businesses under the guise of "taking back what's yours", imo. Think about it. You're a poor black man living in a neighborhood that had a mom &amp; pop store supply the community for decades. There are some black employees there, they're not paid incredibly well, but better than minimum wage. But the owners can't afford any better either. Now, would it be justified to loot this store? It likely is a pillar of the neighborhood, it provides at least *some* people with jobs, and without it, the neighborhood would demonstrably be worse off. It's a capitalist business, sure, but one that in this instance is important for the community. Of course this is a hypothetical situation that I just made up in my head, but it's also a reality all over the country. That's why black people, including black leftists, do *not* want people (esp. white people) looting left &amp; right. It can seriously harm communities.
Ja, und? Du sagst das so, als würde das meinen Argumenten irgendwie widersprechen, aber tut es doch gar nicht. Verstehe nicht so ganz was du damit sagen willst. Homo-/Transphobie gibt's bei allen Menschen, egal welche Ethnizität. Gerade deswegen ist es wichtig, sich dagegen auszusprechen. Was, wie ich gesagt hatte, *von Anfang an* ein Teil von BLM war. Patrisse Cullors, eine der drei Frauen die BLM gestartet haben, ist selbst queer.
I agree.
&gt;I did not at all get this impression TFW you totally understand anti-semitism
Oh well if *you* say that then I guess we can all stop worrying about it
Transphobia is inherently racist because, as OP stated, it upholds colonial constructs of gender (and beauty, for that matter). Plenty of non-white cultures defined gender very differently from today's rigid norms. Native American cultures for instance had/have a third gender - that's one rather well-known example, but there are *plenty* of others. Regarding beauty standards, just a few month ago some TERF claimed that a couple of Asian women were actually male because they looked androgynous in a picture they were posing for. Of course it turned out that all of the women were cis, they just didn't fit into the racist TERF's image of what a woman is "supposed to look like". Transphobia is colonialism.
1) Victims of racism can still uphold racism, just like women can still uphold the patriarchy 2) There's more than one "type" of racism, I'm specifically talking about colonialism here. The argument isn't necessarily that everyone who is a transphobe is by default also a racist - I don't think that that's necessarily true - I'm saying that transphobia is inherently rooted in racism, which I explained above.
You have a fundamental misunderstanding of my and OPs argument, my guy Very rich of you to go around calling people ignorant and telling them they "don't know better". Pointing out the inherently racist connections of transphobia is not conflating two issues, and pointing out that "You can be black and transphobic" (wow, who would have thought, outstanding observation!) does not at all refute any of what I've said.
I'll say it again: It is extremely obvious that you do not even understand the point that OP and I are making when we say that transphobia is rooted in racism. We're talking about colonialism. Bigotry intersects. And colonialism is inherently linked to narrow Western definitions of sex and gender. Hence, when you're a transphobe, you are relying on a Western White Man's definition of gender. Because there have been *countless* non-Western cultures that had a third gender, gender fluidity, or defined the binary completely differently. Furthermore, many TERFs define women by Western beauty standards, which is a whole other can of worms (I explained that in a previous comment with the example of the androgynous looking Asian women). It is laughable that you're claiming that we have a narrow-minded idea of the term "racism" when it's you who clearly does not understand the systemic issues that colonialism caused that go beyond discrimination based on skin color.
What am I even looking at Who or what is Chloe
Ah well. I can't stand SrGrafo's pandering comics personally, but if he wants to draw smut, then let him I guess.
Ich weiß, ich weiß, es ist nur ein Meme und man sollte es nicht ernst nehmen aber sind wir mal ganz ehrlich: Es macht überhaupt keinen Sinn. Nicht den geringsten. Wenn die Welt ein Sid Meier's Civilization Spiel wäre, hätte Amerika schon längst den Culture Victory erlangt, was ziemlich beeindruckend ist wenn man bedenkt dass es das Land erst seit ein paar hundert Jahren gibt. Und in diesen Jahren hat sich *so einiges* entwickelt. Was ganz gerne mal als "Perversion" von europäischen Kulturen bezeichnet wird ist in Wirklichkeit einfach eine einzigartige Kultur, die sich aus mehreren zusammengebildet hat. Und das passiert in anderen Ländern genauso, die einen Influx von anderen Kulturen haben.
Jaja, der Stefan Meutler, ist nicht gerade der sympathischste Mann.
Crowder ist extrem weit am rechten Rand und würde, wenn er in Deutschland leben würde, mit allerhöchster Wahrscheinlichkeit die AfD wählen. Du hast offenbar keine Ahnung wovon du redest. Er vertritt unter anderem so wunderbare Ideen wie "Hitler war ein Sozialist" oder "Die Kreuzzüge waren gerechtfertigt".
Nee nee versteh mich nicht falsch. Das mit den Eiern war nur ein Beispiel. Ich meine nur, dass die Idee dass ein Lebensmittel ethischer/gesünder ist (ob es stimmt oder nicht sei erstmal dahingesagt) deinen Geschmack beeinflussen kann. Nicht, dass das auch auf's Bier zutrifft - da habe ich ja gesagt, dass so Dinge wie Vorwissen über die Marke, Etikettdesign, Flaschen/Glasform etc. deinen Geschmack beeinflussen können. Wollte damit nur sagen, dass sehr viele Faktoren auf den Geschmack wirken, die über die Geschmacksnerven und den Geruchssinn hinausgehen.
&gt;Extrem weit am rechten Rand sind Nazis und sonst niemand. Ignorant und gefährlich. Es gibt andere rechtsradikale Ideologien die nicht unbedingt nationalsozialistisch sind. &gt;Prominentes Beispiel, der schon mehrfach in seiner show war (und umgekehrt) und Jude ist: Shapiro. Ich lach mich tot. "Ich kann gar nicht rassistisch sein, ich habe einen schwarzen Freund!" &gt;Hat er sich mehrfach von der Alt-Right und Neonazis distantiert? Ja. Ganz egal was er sagt, offensichtlich hält er sich nicht daran, denn er gibt sich ständig mit Leuten aus der Alt-Right Szene ab. Guck dir einfach das Video hier an. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXZ6BZzQeCQ &gt;Mein Kommentar hat sich spezifisch auf die change my minds bezogen, aber das hast du ignoriert, weil es einfach ist zu behaupten ich wuesste nicht von was ich spreche. Dein Kommentar hat auch gesagt "Crowder ist konservativ, nicht rechts" und das ist nachweislich Bullenscheiße.
&gt;Ich werd mir sicher kein Video von Shaun anschauen, der immer die schlimmsten Beispiele rauspickt, dann auf guilt-by-association pocht und sich darauf aufgeilt, wie rational er doch ist, angucken. Schön, dann guck dir halt nicht dass Video an was ohne Zweifel beweist, dass Crowder absolut keine Probleme hat, sich mit mehreren Rechtsradikalen regelmäßig abzugeben. Ich habe meinen Beweis geliefert, alles was du sagst ist "Er kann keine Juden hassen weil er manchmal mit nem Juden redet" und "Er kann gar nicht rechtsradikal sein, weil er sagt, dass er nicht rechtsradikal ist." Großartige Beweise.
Flens ist definitiv eines der herberen Pilsbiere unter den deutschen "Standardbieren". Jever ist noch herber, aber mir fällt auf anhieb kein anderes Pils von einer großen deutschen Brauerei ein was herber ist
&gt;Sie argumentiert hier ziemlich gut finde ich, dass die Schwelle als trans zu gelten sehr niedrig ist und ausgenutzt werden kann. Und das sind finde ich sehr valide Befürchtungen (wie gesagt ob real oder nicht sei dahingestellt, aber valide Gefühle sind es). Es ist ungefähr genauso valide wie die "Befürchtungen" von weißen Menschen in den 50er Jahren, dass Schwarze sie belästigen werden, wenn man öffentliche Räume nicht segregiert. Warum zur Hölle sollte irgendjemand es "ausnutzen", trans zu sein? Entweder man ist trans oder man ist es nicht. Es gibt hier kein "hmm, ich glaube ich entscheide mich mal heute dazu".
Okay, but some of the Seanchan managed to grow out of it on their own. I forgot her name, but that one noble that eventually hooks up with Bale Domon for instance. She *saw* the injustice and turned her life around. Did Tuon? She definitely *learns*, eventually, but she never reaches the point of full redemption imo. Neither do the vast majority of the Seanchan. The "they're just like children" excuse doesn't hold any water. That implies that *none* of the Seanchan are capable of seeing that their ways are wrong on their own, which we are shown to be untrue. Plus, even if you "redeem" yourself eventually, you still participated in a brutal system for all of your life, and that deserves justice, doesn't it? Excuse me for invoking Godwin's Law here, but there's a reason why the Nuremburg trials took place and we didn't just tell every Nazi "Oh well, you saw that what you did was wrong, we're just gonna try to integrate you back into society and hope that you'll do better :)" The Seanchan regime is fucking brutal, man. It's straight up evil. They deserve to be brought to justice if you ask me.
&gt; Are people arguing genuinely that the police aren't necessary? The thing is, the idea that a police force is necessary is *so* ingrained in modern society that "abolish the police" is a fringe opinion that the vast majority of people won't even take seriously at all. However, there are *plenty* of very good arguments against law enforcement - at least how it currently exists. First and foremost, almost all human societies up to only a couple dozen hundred years ago had no law enforcement to speak of. Many indiginous cultures still don't. In some cultures, the community will simply shun you if you misbehave - or eventually kick you out (or, in more extreme cases, kill you). Now you might argue that this is just "mob rule" and not a good alternative, and you might have a point there, but I'm not arguing whether or not that's *better* right now, I'm just saying that alternatives to law enforcement exist and have existed for *much* longer than the police have. Secondly, there is a lot of theory - anarchist writings, mainly - about why law enforcement is unnecessary (and harmful) even in modern day societies. Most people who want to abolish the police come at it from similar angles: 1) The police *creates* way more crime than it actually solves, 2) In the absence of a police force, communities will self-govern, 3) Social workers as well as emergency patrols (such as EMTs &amp; firefighters) can take care of everything that the police already does, and better. This is just the short of it, I simplified it a lot, obviously, but there's more detailed arguments against law enforcement out there if you want to look into it.
&gt;I don’t think their policy is as sinister as it seems. Nah, it's pretty sinister when you consider that Starbucks likes to portray itself as a champion of social justice. Usually whenever there's something going on, be it BLM, pride month, etc., Starbucks (along with many other corps) put out some feel good statement in support. But then they immediately do an 180 and turn on their workers when they believe it's convenient for them to do so. You got to realize that Starbucks *only* goal is to increase profits at all times. When they think that supporting social causes will increase their profits, they'll do so. When they think that having a lot of their store workers advocate for BLM will decrease profits, they'll prohibit it. A company has no moral framework. Money is their framework.
Matty Yglesias is one of the worst accounts on Twitter, I hate that guy so much. The only liberal who's even more annoying must be Charlotte Clymer.
Well, you're kind of right that my first point wasn't an argument against law enforcement - it wasn't supposed to be one. It was just a lead-in. Because believe it or not, what you call "obvious", many people don't even think about. That's why I said that the idea of a police force is so ingrained in modern day society - the average Joe does not think about the fact that for most of human history, law enforcement did *not* exist. &gt;Your second main point is that "theories exist" that claim that law enforcement is unnecessary and or harmful in modern societies. I'd like to see what the foundation for these theories are, but claiming the existence of them makes no argument. I mean, there's a reason why I said that "theories exist" - they do, but I'm far from an expert. I'm just a guy who has read a fair amount about the topic, but I'm still a layman and I don't want to talk out of my ass. That's why I generalized my arguments, watered them down, and then specifically told you that "there's more detailed arguments against law enforcement out there if you want to look into it". Like, I can point you in the right direction. I can *give* you sources. I thought that that was pretty implicit in my last paragraph. Just feels like you've intentionally took my comment in bad faith tbh. Do you want links to any specific writings that are in favor of abolishing the police?
This is city property though, not exactly the same thing as someone breaking into your house.
You're thinking in absolutes. You act like all property damage is illegal and wrong, and should all be countered with the same actions. Counterpoint: people destroying racist city property is good, actually. You know what, I'll go even further: people destroying racist personal property is good, too. I don't really give a shit if some racist dickhead gets what's coming to him, no matter if it's illegal or not. Someone destroying something that is morally reprehensible is not the same thing as property damage in general. If someone is breaking into my house, I *will* use force to try and stop them. But my house is not a racist monument. "Property" doesn't exist in a complete vacuum. A thing isn't inherently deserving of protection just because it belongs to somebody. In the eyes of the law, maybe, but not morally.
Als Student lebe ich von den Dingern. Aber ohne Scheiß, wenn man die ein bisschen pimpt, können die besser schmecken als ne Pizza aus'm Restaurant. Ein Schluck Extra Virgin Olivenöl, frischer Basilikum wenn man was da hat, vielleicht noch ein paar Gewürze - traumhaft.
Die Ristorante ist echt richtig gut mMn.
Same!! Back when it was a *huge* deal when a new Humble Bundle came out. I remember actually installing and playing every single game in those first couple bundles, even if they were complete shit haha
That video is so fucking disgusting and every single member in the audience laughing at his "jokes" should be ashamed.
I REMEMBER THAT GAME TOO Was that in the very same bundle? Because I think I remember that one being one of the very first humble bundle games that made me go "huh... just because you got a game for free, doesn't mean you actually have to play it. Cause this game is dog shit"
https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/fxyfsj/youre_under_arrest/ Here's a thread in which most of the comments heavily criticize Joe Biden - over 20k upvotes Here's another one, also with 20k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/fih2zj/the_centrist_mind_on_logic_and_reason/ Here's one criticizing Obama, 20k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/dfup75/but_but_obamaaa/ Here's one criticizing both Trump and Bill Clinton, 17k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/cpbpmy/both_sides/ Here's one criticizing Pete Buttigieg, 16k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/f9nlu7/civil_rights_for_some/ Here's one criticizing conservatives Democrats, 16k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/cozdh6/someone_had_to_say_it/ Here's one criticizing empty gestures by liberals, 15k upvotes: https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/fwvb1r/more_symbolic_concessions/ Boy, this sure was easy. You want me to keep going?
"Sexual conversion" porn is pretty common. And surprisingly, it's (I believe) much more common in gay and lesbian porn than in straight porn. "Straight guy fucks his gay friend" is a pretty commeon trope in gay porn.
????? The Obama post is literally calling him a war criminal and a lot of the top level comments are agreeing with that sentiment. Same with the Clinton one, the second comment is literally calling Trump, Epstein *and* Clinton rapists, that comment has 640 upvotes. The one below it calls them all "rich assholes". All of the posts that I linked *clearly* heavily criticize Democrats. I seriously question your reading comprehension if you don't see that. You're right that none of them are "criticizing the left" because the whole point of that sub is to criticize centrists from a *left* perspective. *Which is why the sub criticizes Democrats, because the Democrats are by and large centrists.*
I love beer, but you are mistaken. There's plenty of people who've tried all kinds of beers but simply can't stand hops - or malt - at all. So even if it only shines through a tiny bit, it's enough to ruin the whole drink for them. Oh, and some people cannot stomach the taste of alcohol either. Beer is amazing, but if someone tells you they don't like it, believe them. Don't try to persuade them into "just having to try the right type" - trust me, they've heard it all before.
I'm not entirely sure, but isn't there some debate about that whole incident? I think I remember reading that it's actually the director's fault and not Brando, as he didn't really know what was going on either and was just acting as he was told.
Soweit ich weiß zählen hier zu "Gewalttaten" auch Sachbeschädigung. Der Vergleich ist da also schwierig, solange wir nicht wissen, bei wie vielen von diesen Gewalttaten es sich tatsächlich um Körpergewalt handelt.
/r/atheism is pretty cringy but it's not even close to the outright hatefulness of /r/catholicism or many other religious subs
/r/TodayIGrandstanded
Sorry, but the "put it in a museum" argument is mostly nonsense. In the US at least, the vast majority of those conferedate statues are cheap monuments that were put up decades after the war, often by literal KKK members, specifically to intimidate black people. There is no historical or aesthetic value to be had there. It's not any important "history" that needs to be remembered - it's the other way around, really, since the existence of those statues *distorts* history, since they were erected solely as a scare tactic by racists. Plus, I doubt that many museums would even show much interest in some cheap racist statues. The only merit I see in the "put it in a museum" argument is if we're talking about statues that actually have some actual historic or aesthetic value.
*There* you have a point, I agree.
&gt; Also why did the women sigh when she said she has a bf lmao Because she clearly didn't want to get hit on by a complete stranger in the park
Wie, was denn jetzt? Entweder kam die Maskenpflicht "viel zu spät" oder "Mindestabstand und Hände waschen reicht aus" Beides gleichzeitig macht keinen Sinn
Ja, hab ich sofort gemacht. Glaube nicht, dass sie für mich relevant sein wird, aber kostet ja nix.
This is not a new development, by the way. Liberal "feminists" complaining about leftism in their movement have existed as long as feminism has - but it was especially prevalent during the 2nd wave. Nevermind that many of the most influential feminists have been socialists.
Haben auf'm Dorf viele, gerade für Schützenfeste
I get what you're saying and I don't think you're wrong per se but please keep in mind that liberals are just as capable of upholding fascism as conservatives. They just don't realize it. A liberal can easily play into fascists hands without holding any fascist beliefs themself.
Amerika ist meiner Meinung nach zur Zeit das beste Land, *mit Abstand*, was Bier angeht. Wenn ich so etwas sage, werde ich immer schief angeguckt, sowohl von Deutschen die nicht wissen dass ich nicht von Budweiser rede ("Wie, die amerikanische Plörre schmeckt dir besser als ein deutsches Pils??") als auch von Amerikanern ("How can you say that when you're from Germany, the beer country!") Gott sei Dank scheint sich das langsam zu ändern und nach und nach findet man auch in deutschen Supermärkten Craftbierregale, aber in denen findet man meistens auch nur die gleichen Marken. Ratsherrn zum Beispiel findet man ja mittlerweile häufiger, aber wenn wir mal ganz ehrlich sind... ne sonderlich gute Brauerei ist das auch nicht, deren IPAs sind meiner Meinung nach echt mittelmäßig. Gott sei Dank hat letztes Jahr der erste Craft Bier Kiosk in meiner Stadt geöffnet, wo man dann auch mal andere Sachen finden kann. Kostet nur leider oft ein Vermögen.
Leider sind die meisten deutschen Craftbiere die man häufiger sieht - Ratsherrn oder Insel-Brauerei zum Beispiel - jetzt auch nicht gerade was besonderes. Die besten Biere findet man meistens aus kleinen, neuen Brauerein aber die sind halt noch kaum im "Mainstream" angekommen, d.h. die findet man eher selten im Supermarktregal. Da musste dann schon entweder direkt zur Brauerei selbst hingehen oder du hast Glück und hast nen Bierkiosk oder ne Craft Beer Kneipe oder sowas in der Nähe.
I found an article that seems to confirm that those are indeed bullet holes, however the perpetrators are unknown. It also seems like this happened once, not multiple times, so the claim about it being a tradition of the local police seems to be made up. It's a shame either way, I'm not saying this to defend the police obviously. Still though, we should be careful not to spread misinformation. Edit: Link to article https://richardsonreports.wordpress.com/2019/02/22/black-panther-leader-fred-hamptons-grave-defaced-by-gunfire-shows-some-things-have-not-changed/
No it's not. trans or transgender is the advejctive. Transgendered is not a word at all.
C-Section is straight up garbage
Hahaha, na das geht natürlich *überhaupt nicht*. Nächstes mal bitte drauf achten!!
Actually, things are a lot better than they used to be. You wanna talk about abuse of women, you gotta start looking in the early days of pornography. Not saying that this isn't a problem *anymore* - God knows unethical practices are still rampant in the industry - but it's definitely not a "new" problem.
There will always be porn. Making less porn is not the answer. Educating about porn is. Porn addiction is not special or different than any other addiction. It can happen, sure, but the same goes for video games for instance, which can similarly affect your life negatively. Does that mean the answer is to ban all or produce less video games? No, the answer is to have honest conversations and be aware of the dangers. Of course, that does not solve the problem of addiction outright, but it's a good first step.
&gt;Then why give the money to porn studios, when we should be supporting sex workers through OnlyFans? There *are* studios who are paying and treating their workers fairly, and there *are* studios who also create educational content. That's... kind of the whole point of this AMA. &gt;And addiction is a very real thing. Never said it wasn't. But I find it a little strange to go to the producers and blame *them* for causing an addiction when all they produce is basically entertainment. Again I will use the video game argument - are you gonna go to Rockstar and blame them because you can't get your eyes off GTA?
&gt;I don’t play video games :) I was just making an analogy, not speaking about you personally, but rather generally. &gt;Where do you see porn studios educating people? More and more independent porn studios (aka not under the banner of Brazzers, Pornhub, what have you) include conversations of consent and the use of protection in their clips, for instance. This is just an example off the top of my head. I've also seen a video that basically taught you how to have anal for the first time. It was a bit porn-y, but the information in it was solid. &gt;Where’s the porn addressing PrEP, PEP, or U=U? I mean, obviously a porn clip is not going to go into minute detail about sexual diseases and the like, but I think that it's a bit ridiculous to expect something like that from pornography. But like I said, discussions about protection and consent are becoming more common in independent porn.
I mean dude you literally said in your first comment "How are you adressing these problems by creating more porn" and then, one comment later "Why give the money to porn studios" - if you'd rather see less of what you personally consider gross or unethical and more "educational" content or porn that uses protection then... you can pay for it. Because these independent studios can't afford it to offer their vids for free.
What harm is she causing, exactly?
You literally haven't read any damn word of what I've been saying have you Oh well, have a good day
His arguments also simply don't amount to anything. Pointing out that sex *can* have negative side effects is a moot point. Like, no shit some people develop addictions. No shit there's unethical practices. No shit there are things to improve and talk about. But absolutely *none* of this speaks for the censorship that he is implicitly advocating because literally all of this applies to other forms of media as well, not to mention drugs like alcohol, and we all know how prohibition turned out. Also he seems to be completely unwilling to see any positive sides to pornography - and they do exist. I stopped arguing after I realized that he's not here in good faith.
Okay, so please let me know how anarcho-primitivism works without letting millions - oh, who am I kidding, billions - of humans die?
In anderen Worten: Ja, es ist schweineteuer.
You didn't tell me anything, you said "Emh... No...?" Also anarcho-primitivism doesn't just randomly kill, it predominantly kills those that are deemed "weak" - elderly, disabled people, and others who rely on technology and modern medicine, like some trans people. Singling out certain groups of people to kill, even if it's not done on purpose, sounds pretty fashy to me!
Heimdalls Willkomm und Walkürenschluck fand ich von denen glaube ich am besten. Irgendeins von denen war glaube ich aber leider auch überhaupt nicht gut. Ich glaube der Weizendoppelbock, bin mir aber nicht mehr sicher.
The funniest part was when Peter basically said that anyone who criticized them for this was a liberal (and is *still* kinda claiming that). Coffin wants to play the One True Leftist *so* bad. I mean, honestly, the irony of constantly calling people out for participating in "cancel culture", while Peter Coffin is in turn alienating everyone who disagrees with them even *slightly*, is just delicious. EDIT: I have to say though, no matter my (or anyone else's) own personal dislike of Coffin, please respect their pronouns. Lots of people misgendering in this thread. I don't think most people are doing it on purpose, I used he/him for a while myself because they blocked me before they changed their pronouns so I had no way to know. But yeah, Peter has been using they/them for... I think a couple of months or something.
To be fair, the Ocean planet is a tough one to start on. I'd save that one and the Bramble one for until you've already explored all the others at least a bit.
Oh wow I'm a fool. Fixed it now
This analogy is not about equating the job of a baker with the job of a sex worker. The analogy is about the hypocrisy of people who benefit from sex work (i.e. watch porn) but hate &amp; dehumanize sex workers.
Left Twitter is much better than left reddit imo
The problem is the insane amount of waste that is produced just for profits. We can *easily* feed everyone on the planet - hell, we are currently producing enough to feed more than 10 billion people! Overpopulation isn't really a problem, greed is.
