All of Heaven Sent and his regeneration monologue in Twice Upon a Time, off the top of my head.
No, I’m the kid from yesterday.
Klesko had a K% of 16.5% in his career, that's about how much Markakis struck out this year and most consider him a patient hitter.
[Is it because of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wi0lI3cV0YQ)
Mallex Smith
It took me 20 seconds to realize we had won the game after that, I thought was out of there the minute Cespedes made contact.
New teeth too.
Jacob Heyward
Jeremy Giambi was portrayed in a movie, take that Jason.
Well, we did trade for Uggla granted that was 7 years ago (what the hell).
It's probably too creative of a deal but I figure it's worth asking. I don't think it'll net Realmuto but I think it would do Yelich. Atlanta sends Teheran (and full money to pay his contract), Ian Anderson, Touki Toussaint, and a 45 FV prospect. Miami sends Yelich and Prado (Atlanta takes on the full contract) Teheran is a 2 fWAR pitcher and an MLB pitcher and would give Jeter an excuse to say it's not a full tank. Ian Anderson is a promising prospect. Touki Toussaint shouldn't be too bad and could be an excellent reliever if not a starter. Plus Miami would clear 28.5M from Prado. It's probably farfetched and not enough but wanted to mention.
[Actually, that's exactly what I did on my second revision on that trade](https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/7nyqjx/braves_interested_in_trading_for_yelich_and/ds5joo0/) I wish I saw this comment first that would have saved me a lot of time on trying to make a fair deal.
I revised it too Teheran (paid in full), Anderson, Touki, and a 45 FV.
Nationals, Matt Wieters.
I would do it, but if I can swap Allard out I'd be even happier. Even if just got Yelich I'd be happy.
When you frame it like that it does sound bad. That final option would add up to 39.2M AAV, granted that money would expire much quicker than a typical mega contract.
da fuq. I guess this helps for a potential Josh Donaldson trade.
It also doesn't help that their old GM is now working under their current GM. Can't help but think there will be power clashes.
At least in recent history, it has to be Coppy. Even though most of the farm we have is because of him, but he's caused a lot of shame for the organization.
Bobby &gt; Schuerholz IMO. Without Bobby we don't get Chipper or Smoltz. Those are two HOF players right there. That's not including decent MLB guys like David Justice, Steve Avery, etc. He also didn't give up on Glavine and didn't trade him. With Chipper, Smoltz, and Glavine you'd really have to fuck things up when you have 3 HOF players on the team.
I one time had Felix Hernandez elope with Kate Upton In one of my games, there was a player named Fidel Castro who signed with the Reds.
Yeah, I think I even have a screenshot of it if I can find it.
Probably 000, but I could do 808 because I'm a wavey guy.
David Ross will either become a commentator or a manager
David Freese Game 6 is close enough.
I wish they'd at least port the original to the Switch, if not a true sequel. The original was awesome for me as a kid, but I don't think I really appreciated the plot until I was older.
We can be a sneaky competitive team if: Ozzie stays at the pace he had last year, Dansby rebounds even if a little, and Gohara and Fried don't have growing pains. Not unlike the Twins did last year. If we sign Frazier I think at a minimum we'll be an entertaining team.
I'm very conflicted, I hate the Phillies so much, but I've gotta give them props on this one.
Personally, I'm too fidgety to just sit and listen to anything (albums, podcasts, audiobooks, etc) and some games are just perfect to play while listening to these.
Joe Mather Diory Hernandez Wilkin Ramirez Elliot Johnson Jack Wilson
Or Shaw
What makes you say that?
Well, he's right.
Cutch just barely missed a 4 fWAR season last season.
Sounds like a divorce.
https://youtu.be/KXrEKK8dwv0
lol they wanted some crazy demands for Stanton and Ozuna too and folded like a cheap suit.
The AL MVP voting was also weird. Even by traditional stats: Nomar, Mo Vaughn, Griffey, Manny Ramirez, and A-Rod, all had claims to be MVP. I guess they gave a little extra to Gonzalez since that was the first year the Rangers made the playoffs. Granted the Red Sox had a playoff team with two batters with comparable stats, not even counting Pedro's great season.
We're doing better than the Astros and about the same as the Cubs have at the same point of the rebuilds, but I think Coppygate has left a bad taste in our mouths. Especially, since we saw a glimpse of at least .500 team last season.
Typically the top five kind of shuffle as the Spring goes on. So I'm hoping somehow Ethan Hankins drops, but I doubt he'll get to us. I really like Nick Madrigal, but that's just me. Right now if I was drafting I'd probably go with a college pitcher like Casey Mize or Ryan Rolison. I think AA will draft a HS RHP like Kumar Rocker. I'm hoping for a pitcher overall since AA seems to draft TOR pitchers all the time.
[South Korea has had a single payer system since 2004](https://www.healthaffairs.org/doi/abs/10.1377/hlthaff.2008.0816).
Man my Series 0 as of the last week or so has had some awful battery. I’m lucky if it lasts past 4 PM.
He's got a BB/9 of 4.59 which is terrifying. I'm hoping he somehow figures out his control and becomes an ace or maybe moves to the bullpen and becomes an Andrew Miller type.
Mark "I could see him pitching the MLB next month" Appel.
I'd say that's a pretty good comparison. Granted, I'd give a slight edge to Snell since he had better minor league numbers.
He'd probably run on his own version of a "kinder gentler nation"
This is the first time I've heard of the Emperor. It doesn't seem to fit the Doctor at all, perhaps more so then what we thought the War Doctor to be. What would make him turn into a tyrannical ruler?
That would make sense. I still would find it strange the Doctor would eventually take a full-time authoritative position, I guess the trauma would be stronger than the Time War. Humanoid Daleks seem like they could be very interesting.
[According to Eric Cole Acuna's lowest tool is a 60!](https://twitter.com/leprekhan/status/955444220428464130)
I just saw that, this makes me so excited!
You've got to add Stardew Valley to the Indie Lover's Essential group. It's my 2nd most played game (will probably eclipse BOTW soon).
Alex Wood trade, easy. We severely undervalued our assets.
His FIP and xFIP were pretty good in high A and had a pretty good stint in AA (albeit briefly). It's really all about him cutting down the walks
That is true, and I am a huge Wentz fan.
Well, that is going by rWAR and not fWAR. Plus I think you mistyped his 2016 rWAR, he had a 4.8 season, not 5.8. By fWAR, Archer is the superior player. Plus Archer's K/9 and BB/9 are pretty elite. While I wouldn't necessarily want to trade for Archer, I do think he's a better pitcher.
ANDRUW IS STILL ON THE BALLOT!!!!
Guys, I think we've overlooked one major thing about Chipper going into the HOF: Is he going to wear a Braves hat or a Braves hat? I'm not sure, but I think he'll wear a Braves hat when all is said in done. /s I'm sorry but I really wanted to do that, especially in light of Vlad having to choose between the Expos or Angels.
I mean you do have to account for relievers. Rivera has 39.7 fWAR (granted by bWAR he's at 56.6 which is a lot more solid in your methodology)
Time to move on: Let's go get Bo Bichette from the Brewers by eating Kendrys Morales money. Imagine a lineup of: Albies (2B), Acuña (RF), Freddie, Bichette (3B/LF), Ender (CF), Riley (3B/LF), Dansby (SS), Catcher, Pitcher
I was going by the information I had, not knowing he'd contradict himself 20 minutes later. Teams have done crazier things to offload bad contracts.
That's correct. Well, it was a rumor for 20 minutes.
I don't feel like making another thread about this, but if we got Prado back for cheap. It seems clear Miami wants to get rid as much salary as possible and Prado would probably be cheaper/more versatile than Frazier. The risk is if he doesn't rebound from his injury season, but I'm biased since I'm a huge Prado fan.
Beto is also a representative.
https://twitter.com/jonathanmayo/status/957420137333837824 Mayo doesn't think he's a top 100 guy but could be a guy to be in the top 25 next year.
Mickey Mantle played with Bobby Murcer for the 1965 New York Yankees Bobby Murcer played with Jay Howell for the 1982 New York Yankees Jay Howell played with Chipper Jones for the 1993 Atlanta Braves
He's more than the sum of his parts.
Well that was my rational side talking. He's unique in my heart too.
I think he meant post-Coppygate. While our farm is strong it definitely would have been stronger if we had those guys still.
Preface: I am a Sanders supporter. Personally, I do not support him giving a SOTU Response speech. That being said it seems the Democrats are going all over the place with three responses that night: Sanders, Maxine Waters (that I haven't seen mentioned here), and Joe Kennedy III's. There's also one from Donna Edwards, but I decided not to count that one. I do not like the Kennedy pick, besides being young or being a Kennedy I can't see why he's being picked. It also seems a little tone deaf by putting another dynasty in the forefront. I'm personally ambivalent about Gillibrand, but I expected/thought she should have gotten the nod since she's significantly raised her profile. I get they're trying to avoid the so-called curse (which I think is a bit ridiculous IMO). If no more well-earned candidate accepted it, I think I'd rather hear from Pelosi and Schumer similarily to what they did in 2004 and 2005.
It's weird thinking he and Jeter could have been a DP combo.
Jayson Werth only has a 35.2 fWAR. For a guy who's been around forever and has had some monster seasons, I'm surprised it's that low. He got a head start on Markakis by 7 years and the gap between them is only 7 fWAR too.
Is it at the discretion of the DNC? I thought it was under the discretion of the Democratic House and Senate leadership?
I'll take the Braves. Can take another team if needed.
This right here. I had no idea about Comey and Martha Stewart until I started reading "A Higher Loyalty".
He's not Bonifacio, though he might be getting there soon.
So what do you guys think AA will do in the draft this year? Lately, I've been thinking we'll draft Ryan Weathers with our first pick. I think AA likes bloodlines (Vlad Guerrero Jr.) AA also loves prep arms (Sanchez, Thor, etc) Weathers is also pretty athletic and seems to be good overall rather than being elite in one single thing from MLB.com: Fastball: 55 | Curveball: 55 | Changeup: 55 | Control: 55 | Overall: 55
Something I posted in the GDT: Lately, I've been thinking we'll draft Ryan Weathers with our first pick. I think AA likes bloodlines (Vlad Guerrero Jr.) AA also loves prep arms (Sanchez, Thor, etc) Weathers is also pretty athletic and seems to be good overall rather than being elite in one single thing from MLB.com: Fastball: 55 | Curveball: 55 | Changeup: 55 | Control: 55 | Overall: 55
I just tuned in what is Smoltz talking about?
Yelich used to, haven't seen him recently to be sure though.
Acuña
Nope, plus he wouldn't be better than Camargo in any way.
You mean like a ~~designated hitter~~ lol. Seriously though we should have probably used him as our DH in our interleague games.
\#Braves No. 6 prospect Kolby Allard has been 💵 for @GoStripers tonight: 8 IP 5 H 1 ER 1 BB 2 K Here's how @Braves prospects are performing: https://atmlb.com/2J3OJ12 https://twitter.com/MLBPipeline/status/1002714878535073792/photo/1
In 2013 the players hugged each other In 2018 the players choke each other the evolution
Just missed the DP
DAMN FOLTY WITH THE PICK OFF!!!
At Bat App: Swanson &gt; Strasburg
"SHIFT THAT"
Best pitching performance of any of our pitchers this year!
Forgetting Wentz, Muller, and Fried too.
-1.7 fWAR wtf. That takes some skill
90 wins!
Folty, Newcomb, Albies, and Dan Winkler
We've rebuilt our team with pitching but have some good bats (Albies 2B, Swanson SS, Acuña LF, Camargo 3B) Freeman is great and underrated Ender Inciarte is a Gold Glove CF Nick Markakis is in the last year of his contract and having one hell of a season. Teheran isn't our ace by any means and historically isn't that good against the Nats so be prepared. Folty and Newcomb are two of our young arms and have been pretty good this year and show a lot of promise. Our bullpen isn't great but it's improved as of lately. Carle, Winkler, and Sam Freeman are good.
That was a bit of surprise to me as well.
Camargo's mom gave him the power!
I always thought Gio was a bit of a weirdo. Always talking to himself.
Someone buy Camargo's mom season tickets
Bad pun incoming: So if Camargo's mom is at the stadium does that make her Mamargo?
Thank you!
idk
Mamargo
https://twitter.com/mlbbowman/status/1003061838425280513
Well it looks like today is not the day for us.
That's my point. I don't know why people are shocked.
https://twitter.com/mlbbowman/status/1003069688627257345
Tex deal on steroids
Speed!
PTuck with the hustle.
Reminds me when they said Gattis had a broken dick in his back.
DANSBOMB!
Holy shit I wanted to see this interview again. I almost asked if someone had a link to it!!!!
What the hell Freddie???
Why go to 2B? EDIT: NVM I'm blind
CHARLIE "WALK EM OFF CULBERSON" 3/4 SUCK ON THAT NATS CHARLIE'S THE DC, DESIGNATED CLUTCH
Mike Leake was 8th overall in the 2009 draft.
I smell copypasta.
I laugh when people say Alex Rodriguez is overrated. Is he the greatest of all time? Absolutely not. Is he one of the best, Possibly the best modern day SS ever? Absolutely. Now tell me how this is overrated? * 20th all time oWAR ahead of Albert Pujols, Chipper Jones, Jimmie Foxx, Ken Griffey jr, Manny Ramirez, Miguel Cabrera, Joe DiMaggio, Tony Gwynn * 6th all time in hits * Most games ever played at shortstop and played nothing but shortstop for 20 years. * 4th all time in multihit games behind #1 Pete Rose, #2 Stan Musial, #3 Hank Aaron. * 200 hits, 20 homers, 18 steals, a .308 batting average, a .374 on-base percentage and an .838 OPS in 158 career playoff games how many active players have ever had a regular season like that? Exactly five. And one of them is (guess who?) Alex Rodriguez. Who of course also had a "season" like that in October. Against the best teams and the best pitchers, in the most pressurized games of his life. * 8 seasons in his career in which he batted over .300 and finished with both double-digit homers and steals. Willie Mays had seven. Hank Aaron had six. Barry bonds had eight. Ken Griffey Jr.? Seven. Frank Robinson? Five. * Since World War II, three dozen men have played at least 1,500 games at shortstop. You know how many of them had a higher career OBP than Rodriguez? Not one. Cal Ripken Jr. finished with a .340 OBP. Ozzie Smith wound up at .337. Alan Trammell had a .352 OBP. Among the shortstops of Rodriguez's lifetime, only Barry Larkin was even close, at .371. * From July 21, 2006 to May 16, 2007, Alex Rodriguez played in 100 games. He got a hit in 92 of them * Rodriguez is only the second player to reach at least 3,000 hits, 250 home runs, 1,200 RBIs and 300 steals. The first: Willie Mays. * World Series MVP * Alex Rodriguez went 5 for 5 on the day he hit number 3,000 and for number 3,000 he hit a home run off former ace David Price. * 2 for 2 in last all star game and also a game winning single his final home game. * He's only called overrated because #1 He's a Yankee and #2 "His fielding was bad" Ask Jason Giambi if Rodriguez was a bad fielder...Yes I'm fully aware of how many supposed runs he allowed but how many of those were in blowout wins in say April, May? When you needed Rodriguez the most he stepped up and delivered. If Rodriguez is overrated so is everyone else.
Well it's June 3rd now, and we're still in 1st place!
TL;DR: Folty has focused on improving on his strengths rather than his weaknesses. As evident by the fact he’s striking out more and walking more while having better results
I’m guessing a focus on content (Apple originals)
That is some pretty nice integration
Lmao that painting of Craig behind
It's Mojave. [Apple captions leakers confirmed!](https://old.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/8ohxfy/wwdc_2018_event_megathread/e03qn18/)
I hope somehow they also get JT Ginn.
Brian "Mark Appel could play next month" Jordan.
https://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/2018-mlb-mock-draft-v-3-1/ Last Fangraphs draft
BOOO MANFRED!!!!
He didn't sign with the Rays.
It's Mize
Lets see what the Giants do here.
Mize kind of reminds me of Gabe/Jared Dunn
Joey Bart is at 2
Damn Senzel and India. These guys are gonna be dangerous.
lmao what if the Jays take him again?
Inb4 Singer to the Jays again
Not really, people thought he was going to the Mets before changing their minds.
YES!!!
His curveball is insane. His average RPM rate would place him as one of the best if not the best currently. EDIT: Current curveball RPM leader the last two seasons is Charlie Morton at 2,892
Awesome, dude's stuff is filthy.
Wow Liberatore has fallen.
[Scouting Report](https://imgur.com/a/Bwe8AFZ)
Nimmo is having a good year but Springer is the better player (at least thus far)
Not if you can get Singer.
First pick that was expected in a while.
He said Julio towards the end. I'd go with Folty.
To be fair though they thought the same thing with Brady Aiken at \#1 and I believe Mark Appel was also drafted at #9 with the Pirates before he went 1-1 overall.
Carter Stewart AND Greyson Jenista This is awesome.
Mark Appel was drafted by the Pirates at #9 in the 2012 draft too.
One thing I keep forgetting to mention is that I created the sub: r/atlantakois for all your koi memes.
They showed a few days ago he isn't anymore.
Damn whoever said Freddie wants the cycle wasn’t joking.
Dansby!!!
I think Freddie is having the most quiet MVP year ever. We need to change that.
Center piece of the Ender &amp; Dansby deal.
Brady Singer didn't sign the first time either.
He's on the DL, I don't know why though
Anthony Hopkins as Rassilon or the Master.
Makes me nervous, especially with the mic. Hope its good.
That's true.
I think it is just going all over. If that was the case Atlanta would have been the second team to show.
Man, I'm still pissed about the Alex Wood trade. Fuck HO
https://twitter.com/mlbbowman/status/1005567620299419648 Bowman called it
Angel Hernandez and bad calls name a better duo?
Reminds me of when people hated Prado back in 2011
That would put him at 2.9 fWAR in 195 innings (too lazy to do the FIP calculations). Which is a pretty good, especially for one under 200 innings. Even then, it is cherrypicking by taking his last season out.
Maybe give him one night off, but nothing drastic. Even if it's a down year, I still have confidence in him going forward.
I remember being thinking Randall Delgado &gt; Teheran I remember being pissed about drafting Austin Riley
My (flawed) rationale at the time: At the time, Michael Matuella was considered a 1-1 pick until he got injured and I was salivating at the odds of getting him along with Allard. So I was pretty disappointed that we didn't select him, I also didn't know how bonus pools really worked back then. Two, I was concerned about his size I didn't think he would stay at 3B. It was also my first draft that I really paid attention to and I focused more on consensus top prospects than trusting Braves scouts who have a different board than the consensus.
OZZIE
Bunt hits are so satisfying
The Cumberland is the only one I find strange.
I remember thinking it would be better to give up the #8 pick to keep Maitan. I'm glad we have Carter Stewart and the curve than Maitan now.
They haven't fully exhausted their rookie eligibility yet.
Custom Robo?
Fornite in one hour
Ayy Reggie's been playing Stardew Valley
Hollow Knight finally
Oh shit Hollow Knight today
Wtf they're just casually showing some big titles wtf.
I don't remember seeing the new Dragon Ball game confirmed officially? I saw the rumors though.
ICE CLIMBERS
SNAKE IS BACK!!!
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is no understatement.
Biggest Crossover in Gaming History
RIDLEY
NO DOUBT ON THAT ONE
I love you Flow, but you suck at baserunning.
ALBIES SLAM!!!
YOU SIR!!!
Shame the Rhame
Whose insane in the membrane.
DaNSbY’S DeFeNSE iS oVERaTeD
Not as sexy as a no-hitter, but man you have to admire Soroka's speed. I can't believe we're in the 7th (I realize DeGrom is also a huge factor of this but still).
Folty, he's the got veteran presents by now and the best between him and Teheran
Also IIRC, Wright is the only member of his draft class in AA so far.
He needs to get back quick. I'm sick of hearing how great Juan Soto is.
I hope it's everything but the Brinstar Depths. That stage creeped the hell out of me as a kid.
Home runs aside he's still been lighting the world on fire.
Wow!
NOT RELATED TO TONIGHT I BUT WANTED TO MENTION FOLTY IS #11 IN FWAR AND 4TH IN THE NL
It might be dumb saying that a 1st ballot HOF could have been better, but imagine if Randy Johnson figured things out at age 25 instead of age 30? He would have the been the undisputed greatest pitcher of all time.
I wouldn't do it, even though DeGrom is awesome. I kind of just want to see what our young core of players can do.
As in Brian McCann or McCarthy?
Can we trade for Luis Avilan he's actually having a good year
Do you know about the Koi memes?
Ozzie was probably on pace to be better but he's cooled down significantly. We'll see at the end of the season though.
"Is he plugged in?"
Not in the lineup today actually.
Gabe Burns: Gohara's locker has been cleaned out. Luke Jackson in his place.
I think so.
In his last four appearances he’s got an 11.42 ERA and 6.23 BB/9. Gohara is a starter long term and needs to pitch regularly.
The Middle. I thought it was a ripoff of Malcolm in the Middle and now it's one of my favorite shows.
Trout: .684/.750/1.368, 8 RBIs, 438 wRC+, and **1.3 fWAR** in the last 7 days. Gattis has 15 RBIs in the same span. Award voters dig the RBIs
Morosi:Full #Royals trade: Kelvin Herrera to #Nats for OF Blake Perkins, 3B Kelvin Gutierrez, and RHP Yohanse Morel. @MLBNetwork @MLB
A Kelvin gets you out by eleven.
I'm still sticking with my idea of reuniting with Avilan. He'd be basically free and would be a solid addition to our bullpen.
Avilan this year: 3.10 ERA, 2.70 FIP, 3.58 xFIP for 0.5 fWAR which would make him our fourth best reliever. He holds lefties to a .237 average. Kelvin Herrera: 1.05 ERA, 2.62 FIP, 3.51 xFIP and 0.7 fWAR Sam Freeman: 4.28 ERA, 4.08 FIP, 3.96 xFIP for 0 fWAR Peter Moylan: 4.09 ERA, 4.55 FIP, 4.25 xFIP for -0.1 fWAR
Who's talking about a big spot. Dude would be solid middle relief and way better than the options I just listed, that in it self would be a giant asset. Herrera wouldn't make our bullpen much better than Avilan would.
You point out their fWAR and ignored their FIP and xFIP which are quite similar. Again, he'd be much better than Freeman and Moylan and that in itself is a major asset. Just because the guy had a bad season in 2014 shouldn't mean we should complete blacklist him.
Fair point. I guess you just trust Sam Freeman and Moylan more in big spots.
Upchop Party
Hosmer probably isn't even in the top 5 NL 1B either.
What about Jose Martinez? He's having a great year this year.
You guys have a player named Joan Baez? Please tell me his catcher is named Bob Dylan
CAMARGO!
I think DeRosa is also there.
This dude looks like he's going to take a shit before every pitch
JJ Cooper from BA: Rome Braves Freddy Tarnok is the most impressive pitcher we have seen tonight. Mixed 94-96 mph FB and hard SL to strike out the side.
Camargo raised his wRC+ all the way from 106 to 120 tonight.
Can we PH Freddie if he comes up against Loup? I'm still traumatized.
I think I'd rather see Biddle in RF than Bourjos at this point.
Well now I'm eating crow.
Points 1, 3, and 4 are why I want him to become the Braves manager along with: * He's done pretty well with some Yankees teams that didn't look like playoff contenders by somehow squeezing value out of aging veterans. * He seems to be a good mix of old school and new school which wouldn't alienate any of the old-timers while being a better strategist. * He's got playoff experience.
Very true on Ryan. Thanks for the response!
The AMA is in the post or you can go to r/mlbdraft. It's not being currently held here.
If you couldn't be a pitcher what position would you want to play?
https://www.milb.com/mississippi/news/of-brandon-downes-acquired-in-trade-from-kansas-city/c-282297754
Wow, I can't believe I didn't see that.
It depends. Compared to Chipper, Freddie was a bit of late bloomer. For reference in their first seven full seasons (not counting 1993 for Chipper and 2010 for Freddie): Chipper (1995-2001): .307/.400/.545, 143 wRC+, 13.7 BB%, 12.8 K%, and 39.3 fWAR in 1086 games Freddie (2011-2017): .291/.377/.497 137 wRC+, 11.3 BB%, 21.1 K%, and 25.8 fWAR in 1006 games. To answer your side question I'd pick Chipper but that's only because we've seen peak Chipper. Despite the stats I certainly think Freddie is our new Chipper.
FINALLY
Enter the Gungeon
My internet and tv are finally back! The first time I can watch Braves baseball since last Wednesday!!!
Kurt’s smile lol
Yeah it definitely would have been nice at least to see what he could have done. We know our current BP gives up runs, give the new guy a shot.
He hasn't seen Cole Hamels since 2015.
I really doubt the Mets wouldn't take that offer if it was given
No Freddie Freeman has that locked up though. He's known for his stretches and pirouettes.
Ehh I wouldn't put Sims in that category just yet. I think if we quit yo-yoing him between starter and reliever he'd do better.
Julio Teheran: 15 games started, 5 wins, 5 losses, and 5 no decisions. r/oddlysatisfying
You're welcome guys. Hicks is on my fantasy baseball team so I must have cursed him.
The bottom of the lineup has lately been giving me more hope than the top of our lineup (except for Freeman).
I can never get used to that name. I originally thought it was a joke name for a Nationals player.
Chipper's 90M/6 years deal.
I'd be pissed if we gave up Muller for Herrera. I mean it's also a really SSS but it's not like Herrera is lighting the world on fire with the Nats thus far. In 4 innings he's got a 4.50 ERA, 6.34 FIP, 5.13 xFIP, and -0.1 fWAR. I'm sure he's better than those numbers but worth mentioning.
Diñger
True, but he'd be a great power bat.
Try the "Learning how to Learn" course on [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn) or Dr. Oakley's book "A Mind for Numbers".
I was pissed then, I'm even more pissed now.
We must be the next team to deal with the Mariners. 1 Mitch Haniger please.
Bayonetta 1 and 2 as well
This episode gave me a Coraline vibe
It's not too unusual, at least going by New Who. 10 and 12 were all alone for their regenerations. Granted, the difference was that they were wiping the slate clean for the next showrunner. Assuming Chibnall continues with the two Doctors pattern of the previous showrunners she shouldn't be alone.
I'm not too broken up about that package if those are the headliners. I love Soroka but maybe there is something with his shoulder injury. I'd rather trade for an ace if we were gonna trade those guys though. That being said AA operates in stealth mode, I'm a little skeptical of this.
AA is probably on it.
Josh Donaldson's No.1 comp is Chipper Jones
Only to be traded the following offseason
Thank you, Mr. Sakurai and the rest of the Smash team for creating this epic game.
To be fair though Freddie was younger than Haniger and was already signed to a long-term deal. I doubt Haniger stays with the Mariners when FA time comes if he stayed there for the remainder of his contract.
Andruw Jones is probably in the conversation. In 2005 he had the most fWAR in the NL, but Pujols had a monster year offensively.
Touki Toussaint, please.
RTD and Moffat also did it while running more than one show at a time too. RTD: Sarah Jane Adventure and Torchwood Moffat: Sherlock and had a hand on the Tintin movie.
I'm guessing you prefer a more alien Doctor versus a more human Doctor?
An entire army couldn't even stop Tim Shaw, but Graham is able to easily wtf.
I mean the Doctor literally put Gallifrey in a pocket-universe too.
AA working his stealth machine right now.
Kluber or Keuchel. Would not want to see Castellanos roaming around the outfield. That's more of a Coppy move than an AA move.
Mazara would be nice. Has a lot of power potential. Also it's oddly satisfying he's hit 20 home runs every season.
The Doctor and Yaz didn't seem to suffer that much at least initially. It's really inconsistent with the way Paltraki was affected by it.
That is way too much for Cutch. Glad we avoided that.
I mean it's still iffy considering he's over 30. Not to mention 50M for them is pocket change, but we have to be more careful with our money.
Donaldson hasn't been that injury prone. Plus we've seen signs of life from Donaldson's bat last season, Tulo hasn't been good in a while.
I really don't get why there's so much discussion on trading Ender. He's been our best CFer since Bourn and even with a lackluster year at the plate still deserves a chance to bounce back. It's like if we traded Prado after 2011.
I remembered last second lol, made that Prado comment easier.
DiPoto was the only thing keeping the stove warm in a sad offseason.
AA is not fucking around, he will not make a bad deal just to make a deal.
Yeah, I'm not viewing it as anything more that AA sees that Winter Meetings is a place where smart GMs can get hustled and is avoiding it and waiting for prices to come down. That being said if something does come out if it could be pretty awesome.
I haven't played WOL and have only played two matches online and having a blast.
[Tamin is Alex Tamin who is the director of Major League Operations](https://www.talkingchop.com/2017/12/10/16758464/braves-reportedly-hire-alex-tamin-director-major-league-operations-atlanta-mlb). Hope DOB didn't just tank a deal.
Meh, I've cooled down from the Realmuto hype train.
That was classy
Yeah I remember watching Jay Leno and SNL with my dad as a kid. Really could relate.
Randy Johnson, if the dude figured it out at 25 instead of 30 there's no doubt in my mind he would have been the undisputed GOAT. On a different note, Andruw Jones. Between 1997-2007 Andruw Jones was 3rd in fWAR ahead of Chipper.
Woah
Man I really wouldn't want Castellanos. That defense just terrifies me.
He's a guy I've mentioned before. I think he's a breakout candidate.
Heaven Sent - Doctor Who
Love Anibal, but man I wouldn't have wanted us to pay anywhere near that. Still though it hurts losing Kurt and Anibal to the Nats.
I agree, just wanted to emphasize he's more than a one-season wonder.
She was excellent as Beth Lattimer. She was able to show a full range of emotions. Wish Chibnall would test her full capabilities in Doctor Who.
We signed Anibal Sanchez and he proved to be a major asset for our rotation and mentored a lot of our young pitching.
Weird seeing Machado in the original thread. I'm adding Kershaw back into this list since he hasn't been mentioned yet.
Phil Niekro
[Beyond the Box Score isn't convinced](https://twitter.com/BtBScore/status/1078762482456543232)
Galarraga gets his perfect game
Who knows with AA. I think we're pretty interested in Kikuchi despite the lack of info since he's been posted.
Yeah I mean it was just conveniently one season removed from the year he won MVP.
I could see us in the mix given how quiet AA likes to keep things.
Forgot to say it earlier, but you got both.
SHIFT THAT
Yep
Yes!
Riley's now #3 in homers on the team now. EDIT: Actually, I was wrong, he's in sole position of #4. (Freddie, Acuña, Dansby, Riley)
Actually, I was wrong, he's in sole position of #4. (Freddie, Acuña, Dansby, Riley)
Gotta agree. I feel like having him earlier in the lineup would make a huge difference.
THE DANS MAN COMETH
Luke Jackson's turn around is amazing.
No worries, if you'd like you could PM me your top choices.
Latest rumor says they might skip over him. Not sure the reasons though.
That 11 RBI game really solidified it for me.
I picked for the Braves in today's r/mlbdraft mock draft. I picked Langeliers because at #9, I think he's better than all of the guys you listed and a great fit for the team.
Like Tim's energy
Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness
Thought the same thing
Damn that's insane performance.
Catalina
Goat Rock
[Callis has us taking Langeliers and Misner in his last mock](https://twitter.com/MLBPipeline/status/1135680273851592704) EDIT: So does Fangraphs: https://blogs.fangraphs.com/mock-draft-4-1-the-final-mock
Fixed it for him.
Hoping so much for this.
There it is
Brett Cumberland shoutout
https://twitter.com/MattEddyBA/status/1135693774301085699
He had an 11 RBI game two days ago. He's also really good defensively. Would be the #1 catcher in most drafts.
Langeliers was my guy. I'm really excited.
https://twitter.com/CarlosACollazo/status/1135699406534189056
Ecstatic
https://twitter.com/ShaunKernahan/status/1135699241668472832
Scouting reports: **MLB Pipeline:** Oregon State's Adley Rutschman is the favorite to go No. 1 overall in the 2019 Draft, and the player who shared catching duties with him on the U.S. collegiate national team last summer won't go far behind. Langeliers' defense alone could make him a first-rounder. Recovering from hitting .252 as a sophomore, he has looked better offensively this spring despite breaking the hamate in his left hand and rushing back after just three weeks. He homered three times and set an NCAA Division I tournament record with 11 RBI in one game two days before the Draft. Langeliers has a cannon arm that can produce 1.7-second pop times in workouts and 1.8-second clockings during games, and he used it to erase 70 percent of basestealers as sophomore. The 2018 Rawlings/ABCA Gold Glove recipient as the best defensive catcher in college baseball, he's a quality receiver who's more agile and athletic than most at his position. He also has the strong leadership skills teams desire in a backstop. Even when Langeliers slumped last year, he still made consistent contact and doesn't have any glaring flaws in his right-handed stroke. It was more a matter of trying to do too much at the plate rather than letting his solid to plus raw power play without selling out for home runs. He's a below-average runner but quicker than a typical catcher. **Fangraphs** Langeliers was a mid-tier prospect in high school and took a big step forward as a freshman at Baylor, developing the raw power to be more than just a catch-and-throw type. He still didn't put up much in the way of traditional high-end production until the second half of his draft year, after a quick return from a broken hamate bone. Langeliers' frame is compact and stout, and his bat's impact is a question mark, but the tools are here for an impact starter. https://twitter.com/ShaunKernahan/status/1135699241668472832
La Stella and Benintendi, interesting comparisons
Don't hate it, but not the guy I would have picked. I'm willing to give AA a lot of leeway because he has a great track record. I'm guessing maybe Langeliers is an over slot deals and Shewmake is an under slot to make up for it? EDIT: They did a good job of selling the pick on MLBN. Interesting swing and might be able to make some adjustments that could be game changing. DOB: Shewmake is a high-contact, low-strikeout hitter, was SEC Frosh of Year in 2017, consistent hitter with good speed.
Collazo: I've heard the Braves were going to use a model more for the first day and their first two picks kind of seem like that's the case.
Maybe Henderson's price tag was too high? Logan Davidson would have also been cool, but I trust AA.
Not sure, to be honest.
Wish I had the video they showed on MLBN breaking it down but here's the [best I could find](https://www.mlb.com/video/2019-draft-braden-shewmake-ss-c2520547583?t=mlb-draft)
Starting to like this pick the more I think about it. Like his hand-eye coordination and has a lot of potential with the right mechanical adjustments. I don't know if he'd be a starter for us (with the way our IF is setup), but a really good super utility.
Was thinking that too. Not sure if his bat will be like prime Zobrist but we'll see.
I don’t get what you’re trying to say. Have you seen his drafts in Toronto? That’s why I have trust in him.
I was a huge fan of Bridges and was sad that he was dismissed, but that doesn't mean AA's picks are horrible. He drafted: Aaron Sanchez, Noah Syndergaard, Sam Dyson, and Kris Bryant (while he did not sign), Kevin Pillar, and Marcus Stroman all in a short period of time. Also while I do love Bridges, currently the only players he's really hit on are Riley and Soroka (I still believe more will come out).
EVERY OTHER GAME HOMER
Freddie Freeman with power though
HAHA MELKY
That's a fair point, but that's a massive risk. Wouldn't he still have been able enter free agency again without the QO this offseason if he had taken the Astros's QO?
He could have taken the QO back in November/December.
I'm following [Hanlon's Razor on this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor).
Is Soroka now qualified?
He was really ahead of his time too. Look at how the Dodgers are obsessed with versatility.
ALWAYS PISS OFF FRIED
FUCK YEAH!!!!
He has, one of those Castro was just in the right place.
I sometimes think Mattingly wants to lose. Dude has been weird af against us. I remember that 9 run lead they blew, he just had some creepy smile that entire time.
I was, I do that too actually.
Thank you, very clutch!
That moment with Acuña clapping on Ozzie &lt;3
Badder*
Saw that coming with the way JD was looking at him
GRAÑD SLAM
HE DID IT
That was one of the most electric moments I've seen.
Holy shit lazers for dayz
I'm still a believer. I think he's pitching hurt, I don't get why he'd radically change his delivery after all that success for no reason.
I think that just sold me. I was bit unsure of this game until now. That is some sick combat. Will have to see the full video before though.
Isn't this just service time manipulation then? I mean I get that the argument that having him just sit on the 25 man roster would be just a waste, however, wouldn't putting him in the bullpen be a better idea.
#OLD MAN MCCANN
OLD MAN MCCANN COMES THROUGH AGAIN!!!
&gt; It’s unbelievable that he was allowed to place his daughter in charge of a major league franchise and then create a scheme that immediately started shoveling free money at her. Wow, did not know that.
Just wanted to say that the Phillies fans I’ve met at this game have been pretty cool and good reps.
What was the reaction from your friends and family after you were drafted? Thanks for doing this AMA and congrats once again!
Thanks for the response! Look forward to seeing your career!
I mean kind of depends on how you view things. Coming into this game his xFIP, BB/9, SIERA, and hard hit % were already (full season) at highs.
Makes sense! Thank you for the response!
Hi Hayden, we're so glad to have you here! What's your favorite moment in a World Series?
Dansby already has as many home runs as he did last year.
https://twitter.com/MarkZuckerman/status/1142803685938008065 We just ended that man's whole career.
Hate to see it, but it was very necessary. I figured he'd go on the IL though, I don't get why he would change his mechanics so much after a great year if it wasn't for injury.
Hmm. I think I must have been looking at the Cubs then by accident. My bad.
They said after Frank Wren that he was allegedly making the lineups for Fredi Gonzales. I'm pretty skeptical of that though.
Dave Stewart was an agent briefly. He represented Eric Chavez and Matt Kemp.
I mean to be fair though Teheran while he may not have been giving up hits in May, the dude was walking a lot of guys. He had a 4.88 BB/9 during that span. In May he did however did not give more than 3 hits at a time. He's actually walking more people than he's ever and he's at his worst career SIERA in a full-season.
That's one way of looking at it, but another way is to view that he's gotten lucky. He was able to get away with it in May but I have strong doubts that when you give up that many free passes that it will come back to bite you.
Hey Drew, thank you for taking the time to do this AMA! Have you ever read/seen Moneyball and did that change the way you viewed the Athletics?
Acuña going to get 40 homers this year.
I'm convinced this dude has been hypnotized into thinking he's the manager of the 1986 Mets.
Soft-ball question for Klobuchar compared to Warren's.
Inslee is and Castro was too.
De Blasio going swinging
It took me a while to come up with it. I had his image in my head.
Thanks! Love the attitude! Can't wait to see you in the bigs!
The negative image is sticking from the beginning of the season when our bullpen was pretty bad. Swarzak and having Newk and Touki have improved things.
Ronald Acuña
https://i.imgur.com/flR0EQ3.mp4 Maybe not the gif of the decade, but gif of the year.
Really Misfits-esque
Pitch framing is a part of the game, and an electronic strike-zone would ruin that.
I'd say that's pretty likely. Looking at you're free agents next season it doesn't look like anyone major.
I feel the same way even though I love the move.
Hamels and Felix. Would have killed to have them in the rotation about 5 years ago. Still love the moves though.
Man AA is a ninja. We had speculation but nothing like "Braves meet with Ozuna" Like this deal a lot, we get a nice bat without blocking Pache and Waters.
It's one of the first things we heard when he came to Atlanta from Toronto fans. I didn't take it too seriously until he just started dealing, I'm just he's been able to keep such a tight ship.
Man I hope so. Didn't like her portrayal of the Doctor from what we saw. That seemed more like what I expected the War Doctor to be. I don't get that sense of warmth that the other incarnations had.
Definitely intentional I think. Plus I think in a few Misfits/Danzig songs there’s some Latin phrases like the one in Offering
Yeah, but I think that retcon is a lot more manageable and not as lore damaging as a pre-Hartnell Doctor
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
Hey, just sending you a reminder that we're starting at 5:00 PM EST.
https://discord.gg/RSvjy9G
Join our Discord: https://discord.gg/RSvjy9G
It'll be held in our Discord: https://discord.gg/RSvjy9G
Actual comment from the bottom of the article: &gt; i will not go to another game to pay those greedy players
&gt; Teams are already locked in with their broadcast deals, the problem is that with stadiums empty, there’s little incentive to pay players to play a bunch of games when those games will ultimately cost more than they produce. Nobody wants to lose money. https://twitter.com/James_Holzhauer/status/1265673611295113216
JJ Cooper says it best: [Jeffrey Loria's group bought the Marlins in 2002 for $159 million. One playoff appearance, one World Series title. 47% winning percentage. Usually bottom 5 in attendance. Sold in 2018 for $1.2-$1.3 billion. $159 million invested in S&amp;P 500 in 2002 = $453 mil in 2019.](https://twitter.com/jjcoop36/status/1270419886645358593)
Read that as Evan Longoria at first and was confused.
Unless the owners open up their books and be transparent about the costs we have no idea. Even if you think they are overpaid it was the owners who agreed to those salaries in the first place. The players have guaranteed contracts and it seems the owners want to get out of paying those salaries due to their own mistakes.
[According to this website](https://www.usinflationcalculator.com/), adjusted for inflation it would be close 167M
Special thanks to: /u/skraxx, /u/drew_skii10, /u/Austin63867, /u/isuzuki51, /u/Hydracronis, /u/YouSmellLikeBiscuits, /u/CharmCityDC2020, /u/yepitsn8, /u/biggentleben, and /u/slimgreggles for participating in what I believe is our longest mock draft yet!
If we actually have a season, I think this might be the first time the draft happened first.
Shamelessly plugging /r/MLBDraft where we're hosting a giant thread about the draft.
Wow they're really breaking all the mocks.
At least since 1991 where my research ends thus far, this is the most college players in a row to start a draft.
For the pick being in, this is taking a long time.
Hamilton Burger, goes by Ham
Hey Cookie, just wanted to say thank you for all your work now and with Minor League Ball. Was always quality content.
I feel so lost without it, it was my go to for prospects. Loved the Shadow Twins drafts too.
Soroka is from Canada.
Mitchell is going to be a steal.
At this point I'm guessing Bitsko or Kelley are our pick. Would like Soderstrom if he's available.
Soderstrom, Kelley, and Bitsko all being available is pretty good for Atlanta at this point
Not the guy I would have picked but certainly not bad by any means. AA has a good eye for pitching and I trust him. Plus, I think he probably saves the team money for later rounds.
#CHANGE UP POWER
Some tweets on Shuster: https://twitter.com/B_Sakowski_PG/status/1270893091449384975 https://twitter.com/NickJFaleris/status/1270893227848105984 https://twitter.com/Crawford_MILB/status/1270893355770114049 https://twitter.com/jeffMLBdraft/status/1270893439358504962 https://twitter.com/SoCalSteve9/status/1270893402322726913
Look out for Coby Mayo tomorrow then. He's almost a clone of Riley.
At least the picks are going quicker.
Damn it hoped we could have grabbed Caissie
Appreciate the shout-out!
I rewatched the show and was stunned why Ozai didn't just breath fire on Aang when he was about to start the whole energy bending process. We know he can do it since he did it at the start of the fight. Also don't get how he was so reluctant to kill Ozai when he literally sank all those ships in season 1 before he even entered the Avatar state.
The way I'm looking at it is that they Braves are betting hard on performance in the Cape Cod League and think that they are being undervalued. Shuster is strong pick IMO and might have more upside then people are giving credit for, if he kept maintained his performance from the start of the season. Plus he's familiar with analytics so might open the door for him to be a possible Driveline client like Kyle Muller. Franklin is another guy who did well at Cape Cod, albeit his power didn't show up then. He's sort of like Greyson Jenista, though I will say Jenista was a better prospect when drafted and still might be. He has nice tools, but will need coaching a to get to his max potential. Maybe a guy who would benefit from tweaking his launch angle? Strider was a top recruit a few years ago and hasn't pitched since 2018 due to TJ. Seems like a pure lottery ticket. Elder's got that power slider and by most accounts seems to have a high floor. I think his stuff could make him a back-end starter, but I think he'd better suited for a relief role. All of these guys are college guys which sort of balances out the risk they've taken (Strider being the exception). All could also be undervalued due to the SSS.
[Owners be like](https://imgur.com/a/sD4q4jQ)
[Made this a couple days ago](https://i.imgur.com/I5F8REX.png). Think it needs some updating.
Hope they really tear one into him.
I'm definitely biased, but I can't help think that this is going to backfire on the owner's faces in public opinion. They got even more greedier and I think it'll show.
"iT's jUsT A pIeCe Of mEtAl"
Jeopardy champion James Holzhauer says it best: [MLB owners, 2019: We deserve most of the money for assuming all the risk! MLB owners, 2020: Our risks went sideways, so it’s coming out of your paycheck](https://twitter.com/James_Holzhauer/status/1265673611295113216)
The way it's originally phrased it sounded like you were praising the owners for taking more risk. I see what you mean now.
Fits since he's robbing the fans of baseball.
No doubt.
Griffey after his first season in Cincinnati.
How dare players not waive their right to sue while playing in more dangerous conditions with less pay. Ultimately, the players are what make the game, not the owners. Also their representative of the worker in this situation.
I'm guessing that three of them are Moreno, Kendrick (D-Backs owner), and the A's owner.
I forgot about DeWitt. I must have missed Ricketts's comments, what did he say?
The guy who owns a fleet of McDonald's also doesn't want no cash-flow which is effectively what these owners are supporting. Due to circumstances of their own fault and not something external.
Best game I've seen in person.
[In 1995 there was a 20% decrease in attendance](https://www.espn.com/espn/print?id=1856626&amp;type=story). I'm willing to bet with a stronger NBA and NFL, we see more of a decline. This isn't factoring the opportunity cost to get new fans. Baseball's fan base is getting older and is failing to attract new fans. By failing to do that, you're screwing future profits. Playing first was a perfect opportunity to help remedy this. Let's be honest of what this is. This is just an attempt to bust the union.
13 thus far. Would have more if I hadn't let my Brooklyn Public Library digital card expire. Also reading longer books than I was in the previous years. Last year I averaged about 274 pages per book. This year I'm averaging about 468 pages per book.
At this point we'd need Jimmy Carter to act as a mediator.
If you're using Visual Studio Code and use this [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pixelbyte-studios.pixelbyte-love2d), all you have to do is hit ALT-L if you're on Windows or CMD-L on Mac on the main.lua.
Hmm between this and Paper Mario seems like they’re leaning into the N64 era
Killer content as always.
I guess the DH will be here to stay in the NL...
We have $644,400 in savings between Shuster and Franklin. Creates flexibility to sign Elder.
I personally loved the album. I will say that it is sort of hurt by its mixing/production (don't know the exact term) in some of its songs. For example, in No Shows, Gerard's vocals are pretty much drowned out (not sure if that was intentional or not) the entire song. Also I preferred the [original version of Zero Zero](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7JHQkmDK_Q) instead of the one on the album. That being said songs like Brother, Maya the Psychic, and Action Cat are fucking awesome. Also while not in HA, Don't Try is one of my favorite songs that Gerard's ever written.
Can you explain the difference between "Are new daily cases increasing" in this chart and "Are active cases increasing" in previous charts? Also how should we interpret if the values of "today compared to 4 days ago" and "today compared to last week" are similar? Awesome content as always and always look at your work as soon as I see them!
I mean I definitely think Albies (especially Albies) and Acuña could have gotten way more in free agency than what they ended up getting in extension.
Very true.
Not to mention the Misfits also had a song named Helena
To add-on to what /u/handlit33 said, Elder is a guy who's talent level is higher than where he was drafted. In the MLB Draft usually the first round has a consensus on who the top guys are and after that teams lean in more into their scouting departments. As a result some guys typically fall due to money demands, team's scouting departments favoring other players, potential injury concerns, etc. By MLB Pipeline's ranking, Elder is the 109th best prospect in the draft, by grabbing him at 156 we got a very good value pick but as a result have to pay extra. Elder has one of the highest floors of any prospect in the draft and I'm glad we grabbed him, he should have been easily enough a 3rd round pick.
Looks just like David Boreanaz’s farm.
Wow starting off with iOS is surprising.
Fender and Guitar Tabs, I take it Craig plays guitar.
Not Jonny Ive, now he really is gone.
Only reason why I switched from Safari to Firefox is due to a lack of RES. If they can bring that back I'll switch in a heartbeat.
"Undisclosed location" that's intense
Holy shit it says version 11
I guess it really is the "Year of Linux"
*Woosh*
Big question is pricing now.
My initial reaction was last year's team but looking at the fWAR totals for each team, 2013. I still feel we had a more complete last season, but the early bullpen probably didn't do well for our fWAR totals.
Didn't really catch Ozuna in the OF, but his metrics don't look too bad in LF. Duvall seems slightly better by UZR and UZR/150. If Duvall kept up last season's performance he'd be the favorite but I prefer betting on Riley's potential. I'd go in terms of most favorable: 1. Riley 2. Ozuna 3. Culberson 4. Camargo 5. Duvall 6. Kakes 7. Hech Culberson and Duvall make more sense on the bench. Camargo should be our 3B due to having better defense than Riley. Hech's bat is pretty light and his value is mostly defensively. Kakes has a light bat and not great defensively but still better than Hech.
You should make avatar Chaang
Wouldn't it make more sense to have Ender in CF and Acuña in RF then? Kakes looked significantly better in LF than RF, Duvall also hasn't played much in RF either.
True but he's less of a liability there with his noodle arm. We did it last season for a little bit and it seemed to be better than the traditional set-up, albeit in a SSS.
Camargo in 2018 was a top 5 defensive 3B by Fangraphs's DEF. I believe in 2019 he bulked up a little, but he still was pretty good. In the SSS we saw Riley at 3B he didn't seem bad at all, but I think Camargo's killer arm gives him the nod, IMO. With the DH it would also allow Riley to focus more on hitting.
This is called a [discharge petition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discharge_petition). It rarely works out because it makes party leadership look bad. It was notably used to get the Civil Rights Act of 1964 out of committee.
