water pressuring the ass into being clean
rust rust rust rust
where do i direct the western union transfer?
i'd never heard this rumor before.
you got here by searching for "butt", right?
i'm surprised there's no test suite
this defaults to being the leanest javascript library i have ever seen simply by not having any dependencies
is there an easy way to give every reddit user the claps? through npm?
isn't this that company that made a graphical shell called bob?
webshits discover encapsulation and play architects
free as in adobe photoshop
being as good as xterm
lol no tiling wm
do all devops interviewers ask questions about computers, like servers? they didn't ask a single question about seeing the wider picture!
i was rejected for an aerodynamics modeling job at NASA but now i'm doing front end work at twitter making short snippets of text appear in sequence on a web page.
all the flesh eating nanobots will need that address space
Imagine watching Memento with her
Or like a couple where one is dumb and the other is dumber, and their combined wits are somehow worse than either of them individually, which gets them involved in strange adventures and goose chases.
What if the conductor is a bit off on the tempo?
can someone explain to me why the need more than 2 people to figure out how to display text messages on a page?
We live in a fast moving society. Playing symphonies at chipmunk speed lets us enjoy them whether our schedules are busy or not.
What's that green bar jumping all over the place? I was thinking they've really let CS go (pun intended) before I realized it's Fortnite. Is the game like this?
no you have to be a 4chan autist to seal the deal
our hardware is enclosed in a watertight stainless steel casing, so we don't have that problem
That's what they want you to think!
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the NPM Bootcamp 2017, and I’ve been involved in numerous high-star NodeJS projects, and I have over 300 confirmed Github repos. I am trained in TDD and I’m the top fullstack wizard in the entire 12 man startup that hired me. You are nothing to me but just another greybeard. I will wipe your micro-modules the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of thought leaders across the internet and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call micro-modules. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and my libraries can be in your node_modules in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just direct dependencies. Not only am I extensively trained in NPM, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Heroku cloud platform and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
as a 100x python this is the best way regardless of values of x1 and x2 and their difference because it's pythonic and everything is a premature optimization: &gt; x in range(x1, x2)
no todd, you just left your lunchbox in room temperature again
i have a set of c macros specifically for this purpose #define ZERO 0 #define ONE 1 #define TWO 2 #define THREE 3 i left all the other numbers out because high numbers are a code smell
no, that has nothing to do with type safety. a parameter of the wrong type will not compile. that `dosomething(a: T, b: T)` starts doing different things when you decide to swap the order of a and b in one place is a legitimate concern, but has absolutely nothing to do with type safety since the only way it'll compile is if they're of the same type. also it turns out that there is an excellent state-of-the-art 10x abstraction in rust for groups of named values that can be spelled out in whatever order you want: structs. `my_function(MyFunctionArgs { a: 20, b: 35 })`
We are still committed to open source to the extent possible that allows us to survive as a business.
you should have told him that that's an idiotic objection
that's the jerk
&gt; It's "type safety" in that it permits the programmer to, without ceremony, explicitly bind values that doesn't have semantic value (float) to something that does (lat=). i guess "type safe" in scare quotes means something entirely different from type safe without them, then. i'd describe that as having a type system at all. &gt; Lat and long should be different types, but plenty of APIs don't make that distinction, resulting in a plethora of function calls that should be rejected by a well typed program but aren't because someone failed to make a newtype well they should be if you want a well typed program and consider them to be different types. &gt; Creating a function that accepts a struct enforces that binding no it doesn't, and neither does named parameters. if you model two values of distinct types as values of the same type, nothing in the language will ever enforce that you're passing a latitude as `lat` or a longitude as `long`. as far as type safety goes, all is fine as long as you are passing values of the types specified. it doesn't matter whether you name them or what you name them. `recordPerson(name: str, yearOfBirth: i64)` won't know whether `name` is actually an acceptable name unless you enforce that *outside* the type system or define a type that encapsulates the properties you are looking for. whether you are calling that by `recordPerson("';alert('PENIS')", -9223372036854775808)` or `recordPerson(name="';alert('PENIS')", yearOfBirth=-9223372036854775808)` makes absolutely no difference to that end. the phrase you are looking for is not "enforces" but something like "reminds the programmer of". that'll always be the case for as long as the types in your head are different from the types you actually encode in the program. again, i'm not arguing against the idea that named parameters are useful or make errors like this less likely to happen, just that it has absolutely nothing to do with type safety and that using structs to the same effect or not using structs when you don't is not a ton of effort. /rj c99 approaching type safety? #include &lt;stdio.h&gt; struct printab_Params { int a; float b; }; void printab(struct printab_Params p) { printf("a: %d; b: %f\n", p.a, p.b); } #define PRINTAB(...) printab((struct printab_Params){ __VA_ARGS__ }) int main(void) { PRINTAB(.a=10, .b=22.3); PRINTAB(5, 71.4); return 0; }
&gt; This is unfortunately the one big downside of `text/html`, violating the first half of "be liberal in what you accept, strict in what you emit" Reaching an entirely satisfying level of being liberal in what you accept is a daunting problem when it comes to HTML. `net/html` does an excellent job doing what the tin says—parsing HTML5. In most cases I'd prefer explicit parse failures over having the parser silently guess and assume what various badly formed constructs mean. Personally, to scrape botched HTML I deal with it as any other botched, inconsistent text data: a combination of regular expression matching and procedural code. If there is some subset of the document that I can parse with a clean parser I'll do that. There's some infamous StackOverflow question about parsing HTML with regular expressions with a hilarious and appropriate response. But in these cases I'm not looking to parse HTML, I'm just looking to get the data I'm interested in out of there, and a combination of procedural code and regular expressions can skip you past some of the caveats. We could all have been using XHTML by now, but that never seemed to take off...
hurr durr the secession wasnt about slavery durpa gurb
Either that or /r/blunderyears
Seriously, doesn't that guy have the most generic appearance you can think of? It's like one of those pictures where you average 1000s of pictures
`json.RawMessage` is of course also documented officially with an explanation and a couple of examples. Pro tip for learning is to read the documentation thoroughly first, it really is great. Random tutorial blogs and google binges should be a last resort.
when you're there you'll already have died from boredom because of all the autobahn
The epididymides really don't get enough credit for ball cancer scares though
"held captive" as in your chicken tendies supplier won't follow if you leave
please tell me that you have a neon light microsoft sign
Kung Fu in the front, Ninja in the back
Source it before you spew out your divisive rhetoric
Classic problem
you just don't realize the size of their betting pool
As a fisherman, I strongly disagree with this sentiment.
I get the whole idea behind the giant fans, but how do we actually turn that wind into electricity?
*Potato* chips are made from *potatoes*. *Nacho* chips are made from, guess what, *nachos*, a plant with triangle shaped tubers that are sliced and fried.
Svante Arrhenius, a pioneer in the study of the greenhouse effect added to that idea: &gt; We may find a kind of consolation in the consideration that here, as in every other case, there is good mixed with the evil. By the influence of the increasing percentage of carbonic acid in the atmosphere, we may hope to enjoy ages with more equable and better climates, especially as regards the colder regions of the earth, ages when the earth will bring forth much more abundant crops than at present, for the benefit of rapidly propagating mankind.
it's auto aim so it doesn't count console loser
some_function ( arg1 , arg2 ) ;
so let's invent a language where we keep that abomination and also add another much more sophisticated abomination
i was banned from /r/rust for deliberately calling the community crustaceans instead of rustaceans on several occasions
i hear "java programmer for 15 years" and think "java the hutt"
hey you little shit [COMEFROM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COMEFROM) is on the line asking for you
excessive masturbation can build up the biceps
has the same level of eclectic lyrical rhythmicity as the fresh prince of bel-air intro
i'm pike and stroustrup accidentally walking into a teleporter at the same time
niklaus wirth
as a member of the NCA (national code association) i must remind everyone that there's no such thing as unsafe code, only unsafe programmers
is this the gnu that releases emacs or are you talking about another gnu for which this actually holds true?
css is not complex like a puzzle. it's complex like a relationship to a paranoid schizophrenic.
&gt; 👎 &gt; Rust 0.0%
crustaceans are easy to spot because they leave their jerk shell immediately when a jab is directed at rust
i wrote one in forth but changed the requirements a bit, based on the observation that all the answers it gives are correct if it doesn't give any answers.
as a gopher i've memorized everything rob pike ever wrote on public mailing lists in case a detractor *returns a non-nil error*, so to speak.
Are all those ports on the back RS232?
Alternately "A single baguette later"
Meh. For most starter setups you're gonna need raw power, not precision, so should they be spending $3k for a D-V array and a Hochmann sequencer or $2k for a T-V array with a built-in serial sequencer and a cheap off-the shelf cooling system? That said, OP obviously has limited experience. Can't really go higher than D-V if you have to take temporal banding into account
Definitely not thinking of waveguide multipliers. Very much remember Milwaukee; had a couple of military surplus string actuators that went haywire all the way across the Atlantic. Damn near had the plots framed on the wall, but my wife disagreed. A for the pricing, let me guess, you bought your sequencers some time in the first half of those three decades, or there's actually viable uses of feeding them static pulses that I don't know of yet? Because sure, you can get a D-V array with fresh tubes and decent coils for $400, but getting a flexible sequencer that doesn't trip over its own feet at THz clock rates is what's going to break the bank. Different story 20 years back when you could get pressurized barrels of liquid tungsten for peanuts.
so am i correct in assuming `invert_case("ß")` returns "SS" here?
`popen("python3 -c` something something
you didn't specify alphabet
no one accused you of defending c, just missing the point of the challenge. no one told you to implement it from scratch, either, since "hard mode" includes glib, probably to prove the point that even that's a pain in the ass for this particular problem if you want to cover that one encoding that everyone uses for everything in 2018, and even more of a pain if you want to consider edge cases like ß: #include &lt;glib.h&gt; gchar *invert_case(const gchar *s) { glong len, i; gchar **inverted; gchar *out, *current; gunichar c; if (!g_utf8_validate(s, -1, NULL)) return NULL; len = g_utf8_strlen(s, -1); inverted = g_malloc0_n(len + 1, sizeof (*inverted)); for (i = 0; *s; i++) { c = g_utf8_get_char(s); current = g_ucs4_to_utf8(&amp;c, 1, NULL, NULL, NULL); inverted[i] = g_unichar_isupper(c) ? g_utf8_strdown(current, -1) : g_utf8_strup(current, -1); g_free(current); s = g_utf8_next_char(s); } out = g_strjoinv("", inverted); for (i = 0; i &lt; len; i++) g_free(inverted[i]); g_free(inverted); return out; } lol two allocations per character. luckily it's not a very realistic problem, but meanwhile in pythonland `def invert_case(s): return s.swapcase()`. and that's python's standard library vs c's standard library plus a huge general utility library explicitly made to cover c's stl deficiencies. definitely immoral, evil and fearful
which, i'll give you, is true if you limit the scope to that of a schoolbook example that ignores that text representation evolved at all since the 60s
yes what is TUF?
hackers definitely. what a movie crush
Yeah, the concept of a teen curfew is something I've only ever read about. As a younger child I had a bed time and a time when dinner was served to take into account, but as an older teen I was up and out for as long as I wanted as long as my parents and trusted me to give them a rough idea of what I was up to and that I'd be up in time for school. I'm thinking it's a nice idea in that if I had children I'd definitely prefer knowing that they were safe and falling asleep knowing that they were home, but then again I think a high degree of agency and responsibility is good at that age.
"living breathing animal" as in playing npm roulette every daily CI build
it's like instagram without the having friends aspect
We had 16mm film reels that had to be manually synchronized with a compact cassette player, in ~1996. Oh sure, we had TV and VCR too, I assume just not as many tapes as reels.
google "npm binary tree" "npm discrete math"
&gt; think of them as the software-equivalent of the brand on your jeans or other reliable product. and they think i want to stare at the developers' asses any more than i want to know that their terminal color code module passes 100% of its unit tests?
hey friend, i'm learning qbasic to kickstart my HFT software career /uj seriously i've worked with enough idiots that i think that there might not be enough gatekeeping going on. people that "get the job done" and let others maintain their load bearing papier-maché for the rest of the project's lifetime. my job some months is basically fixing idiotic bugs that in a decent world could only be deliberate errors. /rj not a problem in webshitland because project is out of date before the prototype is finished
had a colleague like that and thought i was unlucky until i got a position as a web developer in a framework hungry team and experienced the same thing on a global scale
you research their online identity and then silently follow everything they do for years before the obsession intensifies and you compulsively start sending them anonymous threats
brb playing spider solitaire at work to minimize siloization and contribute to a healthy ecosystem. you can't cargo cult productivity, boss
2 liquid nitrogen canisters
Or you can leave just set them up on the kitchen table and use the inference emissions to cook Christmas dinner. #YOLO
other running applications? do you mean something like TSRs? anyway i'm off now, i have to write down a note so i'm closing my web browser
Don't you guys understand? It doesn't mater if you code since 34 or 50 years if you never passed the level when you reached 3 years. You cannot see past my post because of your fanboyism and idolatry for literally nothing.
I love licorice but can't eat chocolate. You love chocolate but hate licorice. We get something together off the shelf. The most popular candy among us two is gummy bears.
&gt; Semantics. Maybe the argument you were making was too simplistic and generalizing to elicit an elaborate response. &gt; Still my original point was that apps should make full use of a computer's RAM. "As much as possible to maximize performance" can't mean so much that performance is suffering. As much as possible simply means as much as possible to reach the point where the computer performs as efficiently as it can, not just the one app using a lot of RAM while ruining it for other apps. The app is not my OS, so it has no control over how well my computer performs overall. As such, an app that intends to use as much RAM as possible for the computer to perform as efficiently as possible can only attempt to achieve that on the basis of incomplete information. For the record, I think it's fair for Blender to use a bunch of RAM if that's what it really needs to render or perform editing operations and they've made a decent effort to keep their data structures small and tidy, but I definitely don't think that there is a general argument to be made for apps to use as much RAM as possible. That attitude gave us text-based chat apps that chew up 4 gigs, that "need" the resources to perform well because they're poorly written. &gt; Every now and then someone posts stuff where they complain about RAM usage in some app, and usually they'd prefer having a bunch of RAM unused, thinking this automatically is better. I'd rather have some RAM go unused so that I can, say, open another application or so that another application that is already running can allocate resources as it needs them without swapping to disk. That's not a weird or unusual concern among users of multitasking operating systems.
well, i'll make that 1% then so all freaks of nature can shut up about it. in the other 99% of attempts it looks like they dipped their chins in superglue and gave someone a blowjob. point is not that you can't have a beard at 16, it's that it'll look like shit
Well, it's also that they have more of a natural inclination to be aggressive than a lot of other breeds. You have to work hard to get them socialized, especially to a degree where you can trust them around other dogs. Probably tougher work than a lot of people would put in. The popular retriever breeds compare favorably. Chihuahuas are not a great example because while they tend to be indiscriminately aggressive it is unlikely to get reported. Better compare to popular dog breeds that could actually cause some damage but evidently don't attack people to the same extent as pits or rotties. Sure, a lab might not have the same capacity as a pit bull to rip your limbs off, but it's going to create a mess that'll require medical attention, thus figure in the statistics. &gt; You also have to factor in there are more people making dogs fight so still. Which probably doesn't help by increasing the number of overly aggressive pitbulls out there. I doubt that attacks that result from dog fighting and fighting trained dogs is more than a tiny speck compared to random attacks from dogs that just haven't been socialized properly. At least in a developed country.
... said someone in every Reddit thread with clips of even slightly uncomfortable animals ever
Fun fact: Iran carries out more sex change operations than any other country except Thailand. That way they can un-gay homosexuality.
it's only gay if you're not ashamed afterwards
[Under tiden](https://i.imgur.com/MKc3t8O.jpg)
Skönt att inte alls veta vad du pratar om
Här i stan skottar de och grusar/saltar på natten, så jag har inte sett någon men nog fan har jag legat vaken och lyssnat på dem.
Depends on the game, but each arrow could conceivably have some distinct level of wear and other unique properties. Things that might not make sense to split stacks over because that'd leave you with 200 tiny stacks.
what if there's an earthquake and the parentheses fall off?!
well, then not using an over-engineered borrow checker creates just another one of a shit-ton of unmanageable problems programmers face
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Draco_(genus)
The problem isn't whether these fictional universes are internally consistent (btw they aren't), it's how you can consolidate the rules that govern Star Trek with those that govern Star Wars. Maybe the deflector shields on the Enterprise normally operate on a frequency that's entirely ineffective against blaster fire. Maybe the Enterprise crew can weaponize some of the mundanities that usually cause them problems, like teleporting the Star Destroyer bridge crew and stopping the teleportation mid-process so they're stuck in the pattern buffer. Or they could create a simulated bridge in the holodeck and transport the star destroyer crew to play the out battle there. Or maybe there's a powerful Sith on board the star destroyer and he can just choke Picard out at a distance. These universes are filled with weird deus ex machina and as such their interactions aren't really governed by consistent rules.
höhö reklam
Bakade in iphones i pajer ett tag. Känner igen mig.
"Allting på, blandad sås?" "Ingen persilja tack." "Extra persilja!" https://media.giphy.com/media/12msOFU8oL1eww/giphy.gif
Prostatacancer
Det gör väl varken till eller från fred huruvida norrlänningar har asmycket jaktvapen eller inte. Titta på Svensk vapenexport istället.
Pizzan den 1:a januari är godare än julmaten den 24:e CMM
The closest translation in this context would probably be "wyvern". In the Poetic Edda, Nidhogg is feathered and is both referred to as a flying dragon (dreki fljúgandi) and a snake (naðr), evidence that the ancient Nordics weren't as anal about the distinction as we are. Depictions of wyverns (or wurms; they're cognate) vary a lot and the heraldic distinction and consistency of depiction doesn't necessarily reflect the mythology.
I wouldn't go as far as to steal their towels, but I've removed towels and taken chairs before without any argument. You can't just implement your own personal reservation system and expect others to follow it and I think most of them realize that when they see me on "their" chair.
&gt; I've visited Germany several times and refuse to even have flight layovers there. Why? I've visited Germany several times and can't think of anything so pressingly terrible about it that I couldn't even do a layover there. In fact, I rather enjoy going there. &gt; In Sweden you can't even vote anonymously without being thoroughly ostracized. I don't remember this being a thing while voting in Sweden. I've told no one what I voted for last election, and definitely didn't experience any ostracization. So you definitely *can*, however I assume that you are thinking of some particular instance where this wasn't the case. If so, go ahead and tell us about it, but pretending that that's somehow systematic is either intellectually dishonest or legitimately clueless.
&gt; It is systematic. &gt; Look at the links I provided or just search wikipedia. Where's the evidence of ostracization? The problem described is that parties set up racks of slips listing their candidates for use as ballots plainly visible at the polling place. They do this on a voluntary basis, and using them is also voluntary. The solution if you want full anonymity is of course to either use blank slips (which are also provided at every polling place), bring your own party ballot or to take a set of each. No one is going to *ostracize* you for doing this, and your choice of words is evidence of either a poor grasp of English or plain disingenuity. Now, why won't you do layovers in Germany?
SC3k runs fine on my Windows 10 installation. It's from GOG so I suppose it's patched somehow.
For old laptops this is mostly a matter of them being discarded and thrown away while still in full working order, not because of build quality. I have a bunch of old laptops I've been collecting through the years that are mostly too new to have any wide retro appeal but too old for anyone else to keep around, and they all work perfectly. The components I could see breaking any time soon are the fans and hard disks, but you can easily replace those. Most people I know would have takes these laptops to recycling already. I think laptops that break at a harsh glance or die like clockwork after 4 years is a 00's thing. The oldest laptop I currently have is from 97. I did replace the hard drive with a compact flash adapter and card, but mostly for convenience rather than concern for its expiration.
GOG typically makes sure that the games will run on a modern system and package them all so that you don't need to keep ISO files around. If there are compatibility issues they'll either patch the game, or with DOS games, bundle it with DOSBox (totally transparently so you don't have to worry about AUTOEXEC.BAT and what have you). I have a bunch of old games on scratched CDs and bought a lot of them anew from GOG because it's often worth it over the hassle of installing official patches, unofficial compatibility patches, cracks etc.. The games are also all downloadable as DRM-free installers. You don't need a special client to install and play them, nor do you need to worry about them shutting down or whatever for as long as you have the installers.
Same here, but with SC2000. Wanna fight about it?!
"No arrows beyond this point"
100% för att kändisar äter insekter
Du klagar på insekter, sen har du ändå grillkrydda på ditt kött!
Nu kan vi leka Hitta Valle. Var är björnen med morgonstjärnan i huvudet?
Laserdisc had its decline long before the DVD was a viable replacement. Laserdisc lost out due to the expensive, relatively fragile and bulky discs compared to cassettes.
I like to watch porn where the characters have meaningful jobs
"So if you're here, then whose white van was that?"
I got hired on the spot two years ago, and it's been pretty sweet. It could be that the job is shitty, or in my case it was just kind of a seller's market in my profession at the time.
I take a paid month off every summer and still have a week left for rainy days, because I live in a first world country that isn't the USA.
In other news, we now have definite proof that storks don't deliver babies.
So you're saying that my doctor is getting paid and is very much aware of what he signed up for?
trickle-down is those on top pissing on the ones below
&gt;!74 uppifrån, 30 från vänster!&lt; Det brinnande berget?
Också i det offentliga rummet. Ser en massa casinoreklam på annonspelarna. Det skulle inte förvåna mig om det så småningom visar sig märkbart på antal spelmissbrukare.
På TV och radio är det svårt, men det har ju på sistone också blivit lättare att välja bort TV och radio. Om man nu måste använda TV/radio så är det lättare med reklamen i den offentliga miljön. Den har man fysisk tillgång till och kan lätt riva ner eller förstöra. Den enda begränsningen är att det är olagligt. Annars tycker jag att det är rätt att göra så. Krossa glaset om det behövs så kostar den som äger och har ansvar för annonspelaren/busskuren också.
Är det verkligen MD5 som används? Känns olämpligt för ändamålet då man gång på gång demonstrerat fungerande kollisionsattacker mot MD5.
Åh jag älskar när du optimerar tillgången till tjänster och varor efter verkliga behov, marknaden! Kör upp den längre!
Nej, vi har en reklamskatt också. Dock är TV- och radioreklam av någon anledning undantagna, men affischering beskattas. Man borde kunna höja reklamskatten och sluta undanta TV och radio.
Med att inte "påverkas av reklam" verkar folk dra gränsen vid att de inte omedelbart går till HM som en zombie och köper en skjorta för att de sett den i TV-reklam, men har då misuppfattat reklamens syfte. Tanken är att du så småningom ska känna att en skjorta hade varit nice för att du undermedvetet—tack vare hela branschen, inte bara HM—förknippar skjortor med attraktiva modeller och att HMs skjortor då ska ha etablerats som ett tydligt alternativ.
"Reklam" är ett oräknebart ord, därför talar man inte om en eller flera reklam. Du kan tala om en reklamannons eller flera reklamannonser. Visst förekommer dock "reklamer" informellt, men man låter som en idiot om man säger så.
Then again, if you were an expert on female sexuality, you wouldn't be practicing dildomancy on Reddit
Nej, det är t ex väldigt enkelt att med en MD5-checksumma generera en fil med valfritt innehåll i första blocket med samma checksumma. Gott om plats att ersätta din entropiska slumpfunktion med en slumpfunktion vägd till leverantörens fördel. Har man något som helst intresse för kryptografisk säkerhet i sina checksummor så använder man inte MD5. Sen tror jag inte att leverantörerna gör detta och att man antagligen kompletterar detta med stickprover i produktion.
Smör är helt enkelt ganska hårt, särskilt när det är kallt. Sån där smörgåsolja är så klart mjukare än Bregott eftersom det innehåller mindre smör.
Det stämmer, men det är inte huvudsakligen denna mark som brunnit upp, utan skogsmark. Mjölk kan dessutom lätt produceras året runt, och utfodring av utgör en mindre andel av kostnadaden i mjölkpriset än total produktion av raps gör i rapspriset. Raps däremot skördas bara till vår och höst. Blir det en dålig skörd en höst blir rapsen dyrare. På jordbruksverkets hemsida [skriver man följande](https://www.jordbruksverket.se/webdav/files/SJV/Amnesomraden/Statistik,%20fakta/Vegetabilieproduktion/JO19/JO19SM1802/JO19SM1802_ikortadrag.htm): &gt; Hektarskörden av höstraps 32 % lägre &gt; Totalskörden av raps och rybs beräknas preliminärt till 217 800 ton, vilket är 42 % mindre än 2017, 34 % mindre än femårsgenomsnittet och den minsta raps- och rybsskörden sedan år 2007. Minskningen beror till stor del på att skördenivåerna per hektar blev låga; för höstraps är hektarskörden 32 % lägre än både fjolårsresultatet och femårsgenomsnittet. Som skåning är det inte särskilt överraskande då jag sett de bruna åkrarna i sommar.
Surfing the Christmas attention wave
Det är precis så norrmännen vill att vi ska resonera.
Ubåtarna är riktigt feta alltså
&gt; Populärt påstående i debatten sedan ett par år tillbaka, läs valfri politisk ledare på Aftonbladet HAHAHA, vilken go vits
Should remake this in 3D so we can adjust her to point to whomever this actually applies to.
BRB making an LCD version you can mount to your bass guitar
Vilken krona talar du nu om?!
Ah, the [you're too smart to be a cop](https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-court-ruled-you-can-be-too-smart-to-be-a-cop/5420630) states of America.
This is from the people that made Butcher, so it won't be too easy once finished.
Ring0 Github Starr
It was the Nobel prize winning German national Fritz Haber that championed the idea of using chlorine gas projectors for large scale chemical warfare. This method, relying on the wind to carry the gas towards the enemy, is naturally imprecise, so the first to fuck it up and cause friendly fire is likely the first to use it. It caused 200 friendly casualties among the Germans earlier than the Battle of Loos in the Second Battle of Ypres.
It happened to the Germans earlier that same year, in the Second Battle of Ypres. Not really at the same scale, but still friendly fire due to wind being like wind is.
Germans had signed the Hague treaty which banned the use of ballistic chemical weapons. Otherwise, I'm sure they'd have used trebuchets as it is the superior weapon for flinging things.
dae sportsball????????
i think of c as a large venomous spider that i have to feed using only my nutsack
to be perfectly fair go satisfies 5 and 8 by design. interestingly, they failed horribly at the one thing they aspired to do
anti-go circlejerk catching up with the pro-go circlejerk at an unprecedented pace. what an exciting time to be alive!
I've lost the bleeps, I've lost the sweeps and I've lost the creeps!
There's nothing intrinsically correct about driving on the right side of the road either. People that are used to drive on the right side still have a hard time adjusting to driving on the left side in the few places where that's mandatory.
Why should I write this stream I/O heavy script that I'll use exactly once in a language that'll make that much more cumbersome than just piping things together? Right tool for the right job.
".." is a literal hard link that is created for every directory that points to the parent directory, of which there only is of course only one. It seems consistent from that point of view that it should be treated as any other file and `ln -s somewhere/whatever symlink ; cd symlink ; cd ..` should resolve to `somewhere` which is the parent directory of the directory pointed at by `symlink`. However, in UNIX, what is actually "correct" is mandated by POSIX, and POSIX, not necessarily consistent, mandates that the `cd` command should resolve `..` *logically* unless the `-P` option is specified. If the `-P` option is specified, it should however resolve symbolic links before attempting to change the directory and reset `PWD`, just as you prefer. So what `cd argument` actually does when the `-P` flag is not specified is to take the current `PWD`, append the argument to it and then symbolically resolve every `..` component and make sure that the resulting path resolves to a directory, call `chdir` with that path and also reset `PWD` to that path. That is, if the result of the concatenation is `a/b/c/../d`, it mangles the string into `a/b/d` without any regard for what `c` is or where it physically resides, and that'll be your new `PWD` and as such the basis for any further `cd` invocation. It's literally just mangling the string without any regard for what anything represents physically. So you're now seeing Fish improving its POSIX compliance. If you prefer that symlinks are resolved, use the -P option. EDIT: Here's the spec: https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/cd.html. To whomever downvoted me, feel free to shoot the messenger, but UNIX (like most other operating systems) just isn't very consistent, and any appeal to correctness should refer to the applicable standards rather than consistency. If you want a POSIX compliant command environment, this is how your `ls` implementation has to work. If you don't want that, but instead want your `cd` behave differently from that of every other shell and ignore the standards, by all means do that, but don't argue for it on the basis that it's the "correct" way to do it.
lol did c# not have switch statements before?
i think the concept of burritos scares a lot of new eaters. we should start thinking of them as edible matter that we consume for nourishment and enjoyment
campfire ghost story time: https://www.npmjs.com/
nothing; came in my pants several times without manual intervention
Vad anser du är kvar när man lägger det där åt sidan? Dvs. om vi också lägger vår egen barnsliga retorik åt sidan så att "han är en värdefull pjäs" inte utgör ett godtagbart svar.
Att önska livet ur någon är inte samma sak som att be folk att mörda någon. Huruvida uppmaningen utgör uppvigling på riktigt eller om det är underförstått att personen i fråga bara klumpigt uttrycker att han inte tycker om Hanif Bali tycker jag ska vara upp till en domstol, om en åklagare ens skulle yrka för att det är är legitim uppvigling.
En halvtimme senare anlände ni båda till er nya gemensamma arbetsplats
&gt; The surprise is not in the behavior of cd, I agree that in isolation it's nicer for cd to work like that. The surprise is in the fact that any other program will interpret arguments containing .. differently depending whether there are symlinks in your PWD. It's especially dangerous considering that there is no indication whatsoever that there might be symlinks in it. Yes, executing commands in UNIX is dangerous if you don't know what they do. IMO it's a fundamentally flawed operating system that persists because "worse is better" in the sense that it's easier to get a wide range of users and admins to sign off on something that is well documented and seems to work for them than it is to design the perfect system. Since I know how to use my clone of choice (GNU and Linux) I still prefer it over other operating systems. As far as I'm concerned, that's the point of a UNIX clone; that it works like UNIX. It can never be to produce a flawless system, because it builds on an inherently flawed core that exists for the sake of interoperability and familiarity. The beauty of it though is that POSIX doesn't describe the whole system, so nothing stops you from using a utility like fish to improve your user experience. So no, you don't *agree* that it's nicer, because I never said that it was myself. Correct and nice are not the same thing. &gt; I guess this is "correct" behavior as far as posix is concerned, but I don't think anybody would argue that this is correct as far as a reasonable user would expect. For me as a user the reasonable expectation seems to be that it works the way it works on other UNIX systems as mandated by the standard that I've read and can easily refer to if some behavior is unclear. For a beginner not expecting to read a book on the subject before they start using symbolic links, I agree that it isn't intuitive, but this is UNIX, so where do we even start? If you don't RTFM you're gonna snub your toes until they have to amputate your feet. But then again, maybe my confusion about the way fish implements `cd` came to be only because I haven't RTFM? Nope; looking at the fish 2.4 documentation and comparing it to the current documentation, there is nothing under the `cd` command documentation that specifies either the new behavior or the old behavior. So we have: a) a behavior that is at least correct according to one meticulously documented, widely accepted and implemented standard for UNIX shells, and b) a behavior that was only correct insofar that it worked the way its developers programmed it, and was changed because its developers conceded that this may not have been the right way to do it due to popular demand from users that reasonably expected it to work as all the other shells they've ever used do, and unlike detractors could present a solid, non-emotional basis for their request. See https://github.com/fish-shell/fish-shell/issues/3350 I know that if I'm going to throw the word "correct" around, I'll be aiming at a).
The video is cut off just before she eats the snack herself, scoffing at the cat.
I told her it's unsanitary mfw 4 years later unable to sleep when i realize what she was doing
Personally I prefer that the first element of an array is at index 0. It makes sense if an array is a contiguous piece of memory that indexing it is just a matter of adding the offset of its beginning to the index. 0 also has some nice properties when iterating, slicing etc. I can't think of any real benefit of 1-based indexing except that it's used everywhere outside programming and the appeal that might have to beginning programmers, but that one thing is not a small benefit.
The Glombulians will have to get there sooner, because the hard drive will have been demagnetized by 3590.
more like updooty
over all i'd say the sphere-like head is an indication
Idiotiskt tips. Finns stor risk för hyperurikemi, och om du inte tillför elektrolyter till din vattendiet också hjärtsjukdomar som arytmi. Kanske funkar okej för en person med rätt fysik som inte har något annat meningsfullt för sig, men lycka till om du är smal och otränad och dessutom behöver anstränga dig för att jobba så att du inte behöver fortsätta experimentera med din grundläggande hälsa efter den 25:e.
Ring akuten, någon på redaktionen har uppenbarligen fått en stroke
Can't answer your question, unfortunately, but have you seen MechBoard64? It's a replacement keyboard mechanism using mechanical key switches. Other than the sometimes mushy mechanism, the profile on the breadbin is a bit uncomfortable. I prefer typing on the C64C which is more flat.
Can't answer your question, unfortunately, but have you seen MechBoard64? It's a replacement keyboard mechanism using mechanical key switches. Other than the sometimes mushy mechanism, the profile on the breadbin is a bit uncomfortable. I prefer typing on the C64C which is more flat.
Can't answer your question, unfortunately, but have you seen MechBoard64? It's a replacement keyboard mechanism using mechanical key switches. Other than the sometimes mushy mechanism, the profile on the breadbin is a bit uncomfortable. I prefer typing on the C64C which is more flat.
I tend to believe that truly evil people are rare. In my view it is more likely that through a bunch of mental hoops someone like a burglar has internalized the idea that what they are doing is morally justified. Maybe they have dehumanized the victims (in which case they indeed probably don't care for your feelings), they have a poor grasp of the consequences of their actions or they view themselves as victims of their circumstances or even as victims of their victim. So when you break into a house to steal some shit to sell to maintain your bad drug habit rather than simply yielding to the idea that you are an evil person you have all these alternatives that can make your actions fit into the kind of moral framework that most people have to maintain to justify their actions and avoid complete self-hatred. I think we all do it to some extent, and especially in times of desperation we can end up stretching our moral frameworks around whatever we happen to be doing. Your post is a great example of dehumanization. Because the alternative poses much harder questions and is more difficult to conceive of, you say categorically that robbers that invade your home don't possess remorse, which makes them unrelatable on a fundamental human level. It would be great if it was true; then what's to stop us from simply locking them up for good or even just euthanizing them? If rehabilitation and reintegration into society is at all conceivable, you end up with the much harder and uncomfortable questions that most legal systems end up actually dealing with. Unfortunately I think that this behavior is perfectly human. The German population didn't comply with the persecution of Jews because they were somehow all remorseless psychopaths, but because human morality is horrifically fungible and adaptive. On the flip side, as much as someone can have their sense of morality nudged into justifying terrible things, I think they can be nudged into doing upright and constructive things. On occasion you read about burglars responding to this type of plea, because they were offered a compelling perspective on something they themselves hadn't considered morally.
What makes you think that you can't sell a Barbie for drugs? The basic premise is that you exchange goods for money and then exchange that money for drugs. Some of the most addictive drugs are cheap enough that even selling a single Barbie doll for, say $4, would bring you considerably closer to your next hit. If you have collected a bunch of toys you can just sell them in bulk on Craigslist.
No, not at all. It really behaves exactly like `*(a+i)` in that one operand has to be of an integral type and the other has to be a pointer (or array, which for the purpose of indexing is exactly like a pointer), because you can't add pointers to pointers, and you can't dereference integers. Pointer additions are always element-wise, so `(char *)a + 1` will have a different result from `(int *)a + 1` if `sizeof (int) != sizeof (char)`.
Lame /r/programmerhumor crap
Thank you for saying this.
sometimes i can smell you just by reading the text
lol no money
Freud believed dreams represented a disguised fulfillment of a repressed wish.
it won't happen for as long as you stand right next to him
I had an English breakfast pie in Manchester. Sausage, beans and fried egg baked into a pie. Too grotesque to pass up.
I couldn't have said it better myself. Kudos to you.
Another thing that effectively shuts them down is to respond with an insult. "Your hair looks really good today!" "You're fat."
112 now
It has nothing to do with the Doppler effect. Modern trains just don't have very loud engines and the sound you hear from trains passing is mostly from the wheels rolling on the tracks. When you're on the tracks, the train itself largely blocks the direct path to those sounds. Not quite quiet, but softer enough to catch people off guard.
More relevant tip to this video: if a tornado look like it's moving straight at you, it's probably coming straight at you.
Every minute spent on crap like this could have been used for meaningful work.
So he's saying that NASA shouldn't be talking about going to the moon, but instead focus on the much bigger things, such as *the moon*? Every angle I turn this he comes out looking like a moron.
I always try to tell my customers this. Why is it so hard to get through your skull? I'm a cab driver and even I get it.
goats are the flying rats of the ground
He's smiling because the wheel was invented
&gt; Without compulsory voting, only those with incredibly strong beliefs show up to vote. I live in a country with non-compulsory voting. Overall voter turnout last national election was 87.2%. Makes me wonder if "those with incredibly strong beliefs" is a good way to characterize the vast majority of the population, or if "those not living under rocks" might be better, with respect to which outcome is actually the outlier. You don't need incredibly strong beliefs. You just need a democratic system that empowers its constituents and inspires them to participate. Public debate that isn't just a farce of propaganda and misinformation. Days off from work to participate in protests. Education on the functions of the state and local government, on moral philosophy and history. Active measures taken from government institutions to improve overall participation and making the democratic process accessible to people of all classes, not just through voting. &gt; In countries without compulsory voting, you see less young voters, more elderly voters. A bunch of old people do not represent what everyone wants. Everyone should vote. How well do you think a bunch of people that can't be arsed to take a five minute walk to spend two minutes filling in a ballot represent what everyone wants? Everything here is lined up in favor of participation. The people that don't vote largely consist of the people that truly don't care.
What part of ∀haskal ∃employment did you not understand?
wow a sub with "circlejerk" in its name turns out to be a mass bukake ritual! who'da thunk?
* Forth: pointed rock * COBOL: platinum, lifetime warranty spork * Bash: reversible vacuum cleaner set to blow before the switch broke off * Python: swiss army knife knock-off * Ruby: Lego set
The most likely pointed rock is flint, which is a sedimentary rock. Sedimentary rocks are formed by accumulation of other rocks, minerals and organisms in sediments through the process diagenesis, which Wikipedia describes as "the change of sediments or existing sedimentary rocks into a different sedimentary rock during and after rock formation". Can it get any more forthlike?
&gt; Say you bought a c64 and wanted to code a ghrapical game could that be done? Yes, the machine was essentially made for that purpose and thousands of graphical games exist for it. &gt; Like I want to buy a c64 and learn to make programs and ghrapics and stuff on the system just for fun where do I start? When you boot the machine you end up in a line-oriented BASIC editor. From here you can write BASIC programs. BASIC is a simple language, and the manual for it was bundled with the machine. It's slow, but a good place to start learning some of the hardware, because you can directly access the peripheral hardware registers from it. The manual contains some programs for playing music and displaying sprites. Most commercial games were distributed as machine language binaries. The C64 has a 6502 compatible CPU. This was a very popular CPU at the time, so there are a lot of resources on how to program it online. The instruction set is very simple which on one hand means that it is easy to learn its instruction set, but also means that you have to implement things like multiplication manually. The benefit is that this is typically orders of magnitude faster than BASIC code. Machine language programs are typically *assembled* from instruction mnemonics. The assembler turns these mnemonics into the corresponding machine operations and handles other things like macros and named memory addresses. For C64 I use the Acme assembler which can be run on a modern system. There is another assembler called KickAssembler which I think would be good for a beginner because of its extensive manual and macro library. The hardware peripherals like the graphics and sound chips are operated through memory mapped registers and shared memory. For example, the text on the screen when you boot the machine resides in 1000 (40 * 25) bytes of memory location 1024 to 2024. There is a popular book that describes what all the memory in the machine is used for called "Mapping the C64". A computer version is available here: http://unusedino.de/ec64/technical/project64/mapping_c64.html. In BASIC, you can try manipulating it with e.g. `POKE 1024,0`, which should display an "@" in the first row of the first column of the text area. http://codebase64.org covers a lot of different topics from beginner stuff to advanced tricks, but I'd recommend starting with BASIC to see where that takes you.
There is a mechanical relay that closes the audio circuit when you turn it on. It's a reed contact that gets pulled electromagnetically to close. If the relay is broken, there's no sound. If you can hear the click there's a chance that it isn't dead but still can't make contact for some reason. Not sure about the AX-60, though.
let me introduce you to an os where screen output is modeled after line printers
what if the character is a pictogram? unicode killed the old saying 🕴️
i had to click on all the buses in a picture to update my windows graphics card driver can i rant about it here?
only good thing that came out of shouting RIIR is an `ls` clone that prints funny unicode pictures next to the filenames
idea: os stack built on systemd (RIR), redox and react+redux
&gt; I actively participate in a bunch of circlejerk reddits but i have no sense of perspective so I whine and moan as soon as the fun hits too close to home i'm sorry to hear that my friend. have you tried rust?
"thinkpieces" makes sense as a concept because the mental process normally associated with writing doesn't usually apply to dev.to articles
I immediately "downgraded" mine to Windows 98 DOS on a CF card, not satisfied with the performance of even Windows 95 on the original disk drive for what I intended to use mainly to run DOS software anyway. In general I haven't found Windows 98 to be much slower than Windows 95, though. The major hog is Internet Explorer (which is used also as a file explorer I believe) but that can be disabled. For anyone interested in running plain DOS on this, here are some helpful notes: https://boomlin.de/stuff/libretto.md I use EtherDFS with a 3c589 network card for file sharing between a Linux PC and the Libretto. It works over raw Ethernet, so there's no fiddling with IP settings or anything like that, and it can coexist with an IP stack. Now, whenever there's a Libretto 50/70CT thread I have to mention that I'm looking for a PA2718U extended port replicator. There was one on eBay a couple of weeks back, but it shipped to mainland US only, while I'm in Europe. Please get in touch if you want to sell one and are willing to ship to Europe!
Can you define the two in a way that makes the difference significant? Can you do it in a way that people will generally agree with the definitions? I've seen multiple people trying to explain the difference, and they all have different answers to the first question, which answers the second question.
i too am a fan of post-apocalyptic fiction
of course gophers have invented a workaround for this problem based on canadian aboriginal syllabics
&gt; I think the cutting edge of programming, and computing infrastructure in general, is much like a mirror of the human mind my thoughts on this roughly correspond to let list: List&lt;i32&gt; = List::Cons(1, Box::new(List::Cons(2, Box::new(List::Nil))));
also rust doesn't have GOTO so it's technically a language from the 60s (specifically before 1964)
&gt; "dear ~~hitler, be good or~~ we nuke you"
What I said is below a quote of what he said for easy reference.
ChairSingletonFactory implements Table
&gt; So does the timbre of a flute include it's fast attack and quick release, or would it simply be the harmonic series it has? I've understood it to include everything that distinguishes the sound. That said, the harmonics of a flute changes through the attack and release. That attack and release only affect the volume of the sound is a very unnatural affair that pretty much only happens with synthesizers.
*&gt; It seems to me that the only way to generate the V compiler will be with a distributed binary compiler.* That assumption is wrong. The initial implementation of a compiler for a new language is of course written in a different language. From that version you can then bootstrap a compiler written in the new language. I expect V to be distributed in this way, and that it is possible to go through the whole bootstrapping process when building. Of course, then you're still left with the question of who built the compiler for the language used in the initial implementation. For all I know, the gcc binary in my system is has a built in trojan which it builds into itself when it self-compiles, and evades detection by injecting special cases to hide the trojan from file streams in the kernel...in theory. Complete trust is not possible, really, unless you built your computer and hand-configured the memory from scratch. Ken Thompson famously posed this problem: https://www.archive.ece.cmu.edu/~ganger/712.fall02/papers/p761-thompson.pdf
&gt; Grown ups control their emotions. That's easy to say, maybe even a commendable ideal, but doesn't reflect reality. I've been near-hit by cars while riding a bicycle, and the adrenaline fueled rage can be quite overwhelming when you realize that you were a split second away from being crumpled under 1500 kg of metal because some distracted moron decided to ignore the road, . I typically shout expletives I didn't know existed, and once I punched the hood of a car. I don't even know what I would do if I ended up on this idiot's hood, but I swear that his property would be among the bottom of my concerns. That isn't particularly exceptional. Fights break out over much less. Humans fight. We're all subject to basic, chemical impulses that can overwhelm rational thinking. In a sense, this reaction is useful. He practically incapacitated the car, and he let the driver know in the clearest terms possible (outside actually hurting him) that his behavior is not acceptable. This would have been a socially constructive reaction through the majority of human history during which we didn't have courts, and for the duration of the clip after the crash I can tell you that he's on adrenaline autopilot. Pretty neat.
Why should I listen to your health advice? You don't know me and nothing you've said so far indicates that you know anything about mental health. You also haven't so much as acknowledged any of the arguments I've made, instead opting to respond with a passive-aggressive, condescending comment. I'll keep indulging in rage on the rare occasions where I end up in near death situations due to others' criminal, reckless driving. If ignoring what I say only to try to tell me what my problem is is how you keep your own emotions in check, go ahead and be as annoying as you like, but remember that it's a reflection of your character, not mine.
Where did I do that? I said that the idea that "grownups control their emotions" is a commendable ideal, but doesn't reflect reality, and that the reaction has social consequences that may have been useful throughout human history. Why am I not surprised that you can't tell what I'm saying from something that you really wanted to judge me for saying?
&gt; this motorcycle rider was riding like a dummy and should have been able to avoid that car but he either chose to hit it or wasn't paying enough attention. then he attacked the car. I saw the clip, thank you. &gt; right ? RIGHT? ThiS aSSauLT WiLL bEnEfIT futuRE GEneRaTIOnS That's not what I said, and I doubt that anyone else is reading this by now, so what do you hope to accomplish by misrepresenting my opinion? Being intentionally obtuse suits you well, but comes across as annoying. Very clever rhetorical device to alternate case, though.
I like your change in argument style from insufferable to incomprehensible.
That's novel, but doesn't really address my question. Not exactly a surprising disappointment.
It doesn't look like he's whispering
I'm guessing people working with disability care aren't that squeamish or prude
&gt; I really hate the fact atheism is always being conflated with those kind of people atheist are mostly normal nice people. Fucking plebeian level 1s
You've at least been displaying the mental capacity of someone sleeping through the whole conversation. I'd like to tell you to just read my post again, but I'm not sure that you actually can.
It's all right, she's using them wrong
Four way, two way, three way...I'm open to anything
I didn't even realize that those were two separate things until you pointed it out
I told you little shits they die if they stay in there for too long! Twice!
i live in a trollish manor myself, what's it to you?
"Aside from the rabid elephant in the room, I don't see any elephants here. The ONLY thing I'd change is to paint over the blood splatters on the walls." Aside from the rabid elephant, let's factor some: * Rewrite the code and make sure that no assignment effect nullifies some other assignment effect * Rewrite the code but assume that there is a `function quantize(value, step) { return Math.round(value / step) * step; }` * Rewrite the code but assume that there is a `function inRange(value, lo, hi) { return value &gt;= lo &amp;&amp; value &lt;= hi; }` * Rewrite the code but assume that there is a `function contains(point, box) { return inRange(point, box[0], box[2]) &amp;&amp; inRange(point, box[1], box[3]); }` &gt; Any abstractions on page sitting and positioning are just going to fuck you when you need to make a change. This conclusion, in my view, means that you are thinking of the wrong abstractions. Is `inRange` going to change? Is `quantize` going to change? Is `containment` suddenly going to be a bounding dodecahedron instead of a bounding box? A lot of this code can be expressed as rather fundamental geometric operations. Expressing your abstraction even in those fundamental terms is going to be an improvement IMO and is going to make it easier to find further repetition.
right, he'd still be struggling with some circular reference
Taking "drive through" too literally
[Speak for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-2IqX3x-y8)
It's called "trying to read comics sideways syndrome"
&gt; TL;DR, abstracting bounded math is a recipe for an annoying API. It is much much cleaner to name the comparison. Your language here is confusing. By "name the comparison" do you mean "name the *result* of the comparison"? Because naming the comparison is exactly what `inRange` does. The difference is significant here because naming the results, while it makes the lines easier to read, does not capture repetition. It is the operation itself that repeats, over different data. &gt; The problem is in your `inRange` abstraction, since you're not capturing abutting situations in different circumstances. Those kinds of abstractions just serve to add in extra booleans for the bounded comparisons -- what if in the future the business logic changes and inRange needs to say inclusive upper and lower bounds? Now you have to fork your api and add inRange(value, lo, hi, inclusiveLow, inclusiveHi)? &gt; To put fuel on the flame, say you make your inRange(value, lo, high) abstraction. And people depend on it. And you need to update it as I showed. You're doing more work and obscuring intention with the flags than just doing the comparisons directly. Why would you need to update it? If you need to capture some new behavior, you create a new function. Adding boolean flags to capture new behavior that anyway results in an entirely new expression is a well known anti-pattern. Adding a stupid amount of variants to everything is why this code looks bad in the first place. They've created an anythingamajig and the code quality suffers immensely from the layers of mud haphazardly stuck onto it to make it so. Also, who depends on it? I can do a search and replace across the whole codebase in a couple of minutes if I *really* need to rewrite `inRange` to capture some other behavior than what callers currently depend on, and it's a non-problem. Are you thinking of end users of the library? Naturally, helper functions like `inRange` wouldn't be exposed to them; none of the changes I've suggested entails a change of the public API of JQuery UI. If it's still a concern to you, you're thinking too much ahead. Yes, the business logic might change at some point in the future. Don't let that get in the way of not writing awful code. The ternary chain mess is a 1000x more pressing concern when it comes to changes in business logic. Because over the lifetime of a product people typically spend more time reading code than writing it, refactoring is cheap and unreadable code is expensive. &gt; Source: Let your reasoning speak for your arguments. However much time you spent cobbling javascript libraries together is not a concern to me.
Close, but no cigar. https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/blob/74f8a0ac952f6f45f773312292baef1c26d81300/ui/widgets/sortable.js#L1356
&gt; Okay you're definitely just dancing around what I'm trying to express to you. I am not intentionally dancing around what you are trying to express to me. &gt; Creating an abstraction around boolean comparisons is a recipe for disaster Why? &gt; A better solution is to just name your intention -- `isOutsideLeftScroll = [positional comparisons]` That would be nice, but apparently you are at least as confused about the intention as I am because that doesn't summarize the intention. I'm definitely not against breaking intermediate results out into local variables, though. That's one kind of repetition to address. The other is "computational repetition", when you describe the same computation over and over again over slightly different values. &gt; Your inRange abstraction will clean up the code exactly as written, but will fall apart as soon as a requirement or issue arises from the inclusive bounds: `&gt;=` and `&lt;=`. "Falling apart" has a low cost here. If the behavior needs to change, change it. If there are other callers of the function that depend on the current behavior, change your call site or change the other call sites. `inRange(x, y, z)` changing into `inRange(x, y, z - 1)` is not what I call "falling apart". Nor is splitting `inRange` into `inClosedInterval` and `inRightOpenInterval`, or just spelling the range check out in situations where it isn't repeated six times over 15 lines of code. &gt; My reason for why `inRange` will most likely change: This code is dealing with scrolling and positioning of objects in the DOM. When you introduce things like media queries (which change between behaviors on exact pixel ranges), you will most likely need your logic to represent open bounds, IE: `[0, 150)` as opposed to `[0, 150]`. Oh, yeah, that range check has only been closed since its inception in 2008. Maybe in another 11 years it'll change, in which case some kid born in 2008 may be the boss of the guy that performs the 5 minute refactoring job. That's not my concern today. My concern is making this mess of a function at all approachable. That isn't easy. Not because the code is already perfect, but because additional considerations have basically been tacked with gum and duck tape onto the same function for over a decade without concern for the overall architecture. &gt; In most situations, having two behaviors that overlap on a bound will cause issues, ie: Range A = `[0, 150]` and Range B = `[150, 500]`. Don't confuse the situation at hand with most situations. That's the number one enemy of sensible factoring. Consider other situations only once they actually apply or you know for sure that they will. It's also a sensible consideration when you are designing an API surface for consumers whose exact intentions you are unaware of, but this isn't that. &gt; As for who depends on it, I'm referring to usages across the internals of the library -- are you suggesting adding an `isRange` private and local to this one module? I said I'm all for that as a means of abstracting the bits here. I am suggesting adding the function wherever it makes sense. Given that there are only a couple of call sites, all in the same file, making them local and private to that file makes sense initially. Given that the call sites are all in the same function, they can even be function local. Either way you add them, as long as the call sites are private to the project repository I have no reason to fear moving them out of the module or function scope. I have the same search and replace facilities across the whole project. You can even call it something else, say, `inClosedInterval`. A module has no significant meaning to me other than as a weak API boundary for containing mutually relevant functionality.
This passes tests (after disabling the idiotic linting): var quantize = function (value, step) { return Math.round(value / step) * step } var inRange = function (value, lo, hi) { return value &gt;= lo &amp;&amp; value &lt;= hi } if (this.originalPosition) { //If we are not dragging yet, we won't check for options var contain = this.containment; var click = this.offset.click; var grid = o.grid if (contain) { if (pageX - click.left &gt; contain[2]) { pageX = contain[2] + click.left; } else if (pageX - click.left &lt; contain[0]) { pageX = contain[0] + click.left; } if (pageY - click.top &gt; contain[3]) { pageY = contain[3] + click.top; } else if (pageY - click.top &lt; contain[1]) { pageY = contain[1] + click.top; } } if (grid) { pageY = this.originalPageY + quantize(pageY - this.originalPageY, grid[1]) pageX = this.originalPageX + quantize(pageX - this.originalPageX, grid[0]) if (contain &amp;&amp; !inRange(pageY - click.top, contain[1], contain[3])) { pageY += Math.sign(contain[1] - click.top) * grid[1] } if (contain &amp;&amp; !inRange(pageX - click.left, contain[0], contain[2])) { pageX += Math.sign(contain[0] - click.left) * grid[0] } } } The tests are in an absolutely terrible state, though. Surprise! The general idea should still apply.
Yeah, it's all very poorly factored...
[This is where the house is situated](https://www.google.se/maps/place/Fladenbacken+8,+134+60+Ingar%C3%B6/@59.2792554,18.4258267,15.4z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x46f57ff2302e8483:0xd26a0d67de9296f3!8m2!3d59.2838495!4d18.4284032). They live in a village. School and preschool within walking distance. Another school within bicycling distance. Walking distance to Ingaröhallen, a grocery store. Public transport to and from Stockholm is fast and frequent. Now that their "lifestyle that depends on car use to maintain a basic standard of living" has been addressed, *can we not* derail posts with barely even tangential discussions based on unfounded preconceptions? Who said anything about what to idolize? If you're basically just here to act indignant at the expense of others, without consideration for facts, maybe think twice before posting.
still, surely the one we deserved
people in that thread writing theses on the merits of their preferred unicode shitprompts need real problems
and if a server is serverless, it isn't really a server, is it? yet here we are
Rose by 27 in the time it took you to write that post.
It's a written rule in all jurisdictions.
Why wouldn't it be?
what's the opposite of "even the frogs are turning gay"
The problem is that the article doesn't support any of the claims that I asked you to prove. You're just taking Jones's word for it. Who's being spoon fed, really?
&gt; Hahaha Did you read it? I did read it. Did we read the same thing? &gt; It sparked an FBI investigation into who planted the malware. It sparked an FBI investigation, according to Jones and his lawyer, which FBI did not even confirm. What exactly the investigation concerns, if there is one, is unknown. &gt; And if he was guilty he would be in jail right now and wouldn’t be offering a million to find who put it there... guilty people don’t offer a million bucks to find the culprits... None of this concerns the statements that I asked you to prove.
you know you've hit jerkpot when all the software either looks like a "please subscribe to our newsletter" popup or something that would come pre-installed on your asus laptop
"snowflakes" is highlighted in my head, telling me that the poster is probably onto something big and profound
Forgot Thomas the Tank Engine
they said it was impossible, but we are now considering a weirder gui abstraction than x
Yes, not even the emulators and FPGA models that get continuous updates are 100% accurate. The timing is ever so slightly off, which means that a lot of demos (which are often heavily dependent on timing on a cycle by cycle basis) and some games (which are not so often dependent on exact timing) won't work. There are also other issues that don't affect games and demos on a logical level, like games that use joystick port 1 (which AFAIK you can break out from the circuit board) and the SID implementation not having a filter. That said, of course the games they shipped with work, and [others have been patched](http://symlink.dk/nostalgia/dtv/fixed/).
Did you stay out of service to facilitate the caging of babies as well?
Because watching animals interact is fun? Great clip, stupid choice of subreddit
i actually do have an AAA battery in my back pocket
100% compatibility seems very hard. People keep discovering new edge cases that emulators don't handle. I have to hand it to Jeri Ellsworth and everyone else involved since the DTV works as well as it does with no means to update the chipset implementation. That's an amazing feat, self-taught or not. What's even cooler about the DTV in my opinion is the additional features over a regular C64. Blitter, zero page remapping, 256 color screens, more RAM... pretty amazing! This, along with the slight incompatibilities spawned a scene of its own, and now there are DTV only games and demos. I don't have one myself and wish I'd picked them up while they were still manufactured.
They tend to wear spooky masks and really dive into the role, and they'd get away with it too, if it wasn't for those meddling kids.
&gt; USA has about 14 school shootings per year and over 327000000 people. Canada has 36500000 people and 2 school shootings in 2018. First of all, I don't know of any school shootings in Canada in 2018. Do you mean mass shootings outside schools? Before anyone goes and divide these numbers and try to make statistical sense of them reaching the conclusion that Canada had more school shootings per capita than the US, it's absolutely useless to measure these rare instances over such short periods of time. Canada has had maybe 20 such incidents since the 1960s, mostly resulting in single digit fatalities. The most tragic one happened in 1989, when 15 people were killed by a shooter. The US has several hundreds. So the US doesn't only have a higher incidence of school shootings, it has a disproportionate amount of school shootings compared to Canada, and most other first world countries for that matter. Of course it isn't only a matter of population. Differences in culture, laws, school system, access to mental health care etc. matter.
Spam
Spam
Spam
Angående ökad fredsplikt kan man läsa om beslutet, debatten och om vem som röstade vad här: https://www.riksdagen.se/sv/dokument-lagar/arende/betankande/utokad-fredsplikt-pa-arbetsplatser-dar-det-finns_H601AU13 Vänstern avstod i stort från att rösta (av blockpolitiska skäl? I debatten är deras ståndpunkt tydlig). Alla andra partier röstade för, utom SD. Bakgrunden till förslaget verkar vara att man tycker att Hamnarbetarförbundets strejker är för jobbiga i Göteborgs hamn. Jag tycker att Ali Esbati sammanfattar problematiken, så vitt jag ser den, bra: "För att vara lite mer precis är strejk och konfliktåtgärder okej, men inte om de märks." Huvudargumentet för verkar vara att strejkerna utgör ett hot mot näringslivet. De enda som påpekar det faktum att arbetsgivarnas lockouts ofta är mycket längre än strejkerna, och att det för näringslivets skull kanske vore mer effektivt att inskränka den rättigheten, är Jonas Sjöstedt och Ali Esbati.
Han syftar nog på ROT som är ett liknande avdrag fast för hantverksarbete istället för hushållsarbete. Detta kommer dock inte att utökas i morgon.
Hur sent tycker du att man borde få lov att göra abort?
Bilder på nakna småbarn är generellt sett inte förbjudna. Det skulle ju vilken barnfamilj som helst kunna åka dit på. Bilden måste också vara pornografisk, t ex genom att skildra någon sorts sexuell posering eller en sexuell handling. Nirvanaomslaget du pratar om är på inget vis pornografiskt.
&gt; You can have references with stack-allocated objects (e.g. C++). Yes, but in a multi-threaded garbage collected environment you generally can not. You then have to perform escape analysis to figure out whether the object needs to be moved to the heap. C++ instead burdens the programmer with these details, for better or for worse. &gt; Also, in Go if you return a stack-allocated struct from a function there's an automatic heap-allocation and copy done for you No, not necessarily. You can trivially observe this with the `-m` gcflag and see where heap escapes happen. &gt; Sometimes an object's type may implement an interface but that's not recognized because it's in a separate package, so juggle the project hierarchy around to get this working. It doesn't matter that it's in another package since it's inferred. Whichever function uses the interface knows the interface. &gt; Also you cannot tell at any point what interfaces an object implements, "everything is explicit in Go" is a load of BS. That is true, but in my view doesn't have anything to do with your argument that it leads to spaghetti code.
It's a twist on a brilliant line from Terry Gilliam's Jabberwocky. In the original, it's a doctor rather than a hotel manager which I think makes for a much better joke.
&gt; Right, not necessarily, but there's still almost no control over allocation/deallocation in Go. e.g. If the return type is a pointer or an interface there will always be an implicit allocation + copy (obviously) for stack allocated objects. Again, non necessarily, for example for in-lined function. There are cases where also pointer returns can left the heap untouched. There are a bunch of articles on heap optimization techniques. I think it's unfair to say that there is almost no control. The control is not obvious in the sense that it entails figuring out what heap escape analysis would result in, but it's there, and whether or not you use pointers is an important parameter. &gt; Worse is the burden on the programmer of course, but they get to decide whether they want to optimize for single-threaded or multi-threaded contexts. It's not just in multi-threaded contexts either. Any case where some pointer might still refer to memory that was on the stack, after the stack unrolls, is necessarily a heap escape. Languages like rust have explicit lifetimes to deal with this, but languages with GC and simple memory models like Go and Java rely on escape analysis which errs on the safe side when there is not enough information to determine that some memory could be static or on the heap. &gt; I may not be remembering correctly, but there are limits on e.g. using an imported interface, or passing an imported struct as a user-defined interface to a function, etc... "the orphan rules" but in some very limited way. It's hard to say that you are remembering correctly or not because it's not clear what you are suggesting. The fact is that you don't have to import an interface to implement it. You just name the interface you want your function to accept and pass any value that happens to satisfy the interface specification to it. &gt; I'm quite sure that being explicit about these things helps programmers spot bad or mismatching design decisions. I invite you to explain what it is that makes you sure, but I disagree that bad or mismatching design decisions generalize to spaghetti code.
&gt; doesn't extra income tax kick in after 50k SEK per month? Extra income tax is paid on the excess over previous tax brackets, so it doesn't kick in so much as it eases in, and you'll never suddenly check out less money because you earn more.
&gt; All major software companies I currently work as a consultant at what I consider a major Swedish software company (&gt; 3000 employees). I have 8 years of professional experience and earn some 50k and almost all of my colleagues there earn less than that, including developers that have been there for much longer, have worked with development for longer and probably have a higher value to the company than I do. Their approach seems to be to hire a bunch of juniors straight out of the local university at low cost and hope that they'll stay for small incremental salary bumps...and some people will for long enough to become seniors! In my experience, whether you earn more or less, for most people, is a matter of mobility. If you're willing to take employment with some other company to significantly bump your income and have a good reputation you are much more likely to earn more. Particularly if you are willing to move elsewhere. In Stockholm I think developers earn more for the same work than in Malmö, for example. On the other hand, I've worked at a small company (&lt; 50 employees, &lt; 5 devs) where the lead developer earned in excess of 100k without job-hopping, because his experience and work was crucial to the company.
A houseboat is probably one of the last places you want to be during a hurricane.
Freeze to death as the ambient temperature approaches absolute zero. Or maybe burn to death during the red giant stage.
To the contrary, society seems to have been developing in favor of a flexible sleep schedule. In cities, there's synthetic light all night, a lot of stores and businesses in general stay open at all hours; jobs consequently available for all hours, the economy is largely globalized, there are tools for adjusting our sleep schedules and delineating time in small increments, there are effective synthetic lights for home use are ubiquitous and cheap to power, there are tons of means to communicate asynchronously, mass media are available at all times, there are travel options for all times of the day... I'd go as far as to say that it's never been easier to be a night owl. Unless you're an actual owl, in which case all the light, sound and general activity at night strips you of your predatory advantage.
In a sense we still live in tribes, just either smaller or much larger. Relevant here is all the functions of society that we expect to be available 24/7. Emergency services being available at night, for example, is very useful and is dependent on people being open to the idea of being awake at those hours. It's not like society as a whole has no need for night owls, or even fails to make accommodations for those sleep schedules. I can go out and buy dinner on a well lit road in the middle of the night on my way to work in e.g. IT, retail, shipping, travel...
&gt; Being active as a caveman meant shit like hunting. Also scaring off predators and competing tribes. Prehistoric hunter-gatherers needed to be more wary of predators because they didn't live in solid houses or even generally in caves, and because they lived near their food sources among other animals and people that might take an interest in them. &gt; At night, without artificial light sources, it is too dark for humans to hunt. The error here is the reduction of hunting into the moment of taking aim and killing. Hunting involves a lot of tracking, by ear, sight and smell. A lot of this can easily take place during a dark night. &gt; The comment I replied to also insinuates that you can see less because of light pollution. That is not the case. Both can be true, because that it's brighter doesn't necessarily mean that it's easier to see. If the sources of light are bright and sparse enough, they can disturb the dark adaptation needed to see between them. If you've ever camped with a campfire in the woods you'll know that it's much harder to see the beyond the first few trees than when you go out in the middle of the night in darkness to take a leak.
How did it taste?
They probably do in whatever neighborhood raised this moron
No one is suggesting a singular focus on performance.
Why is the bus stopping on the left side of the road in the first place?
With any luck they'll blow him up using a drone and leave it at that.
It's almost as though "war hero" doesn't quite have the same ring to the other side of a conflict.
Trump makes Shrek's skin color seem natural and plain
Science confirming intuition is not a failure of science.
Shouldn't decisions like that be up to the CTO in the first place?
Like every other cool place to work at, CTO is just a title handed out to the developer with the most experience and doesn't really change their function in the company.
Rewrite it in haskal. If nothing else, to [haskal unemployment joke]
&gt; I don’t think science proved anything here. You only have your own lack of interest to blame for that. It's intellectually dishonest to say that nothing was proved because you couldn't be arsed to make two clicks to a primary source. &gt; Me noticing the sun shows up every day isn’t science. It's not the casual observation that is interesting here, but an observation of a different phenomenon that is consistent with a theory of the nature of the first. You'd have no idea *why* the sun shows up every day if such information wasn't considered valuable.
Magic. The northern lights? Fields of sprouting flowers in spring? The morning fog clearing as a new day dawns? Your child's first words? The first steps on the moon? A pet's unconditional love? All wrong. *Magic* is perfectly healthy people being allowed to pay for disability services so they can focus on blogging about growth hacking.
&gt; Any profiling shows chromium is the performance bottleneck. likewise I investigated the possibility of shoving a pineapple up my ass and found that the size of my anus is the bottleneck.
Yeah well why should I care about your opinion? How many github stars do you even have?
This is amazing! What if we could take a touch screen and customize it for typing? Just print the screen keyboard glyphs on a bunch of tactile button caps and fasten them to switches laid out according to the touch keyboard. They could even put notches on a couple of the keys for reference so that you never have to look at the touch keyboard.
&gt; Hurry up, get in the industry, and start solving problems for the rest of us. Yeah, and while you solve the problem of mapping some server state to a form, the poor sods who invested time in learning the platform they use can implement the framework you use to do it. &gt; The abstraction: your time is valuable and limited. Every minute spent learning one thing comes at the cost of another. There are so many problems in this world to solve. Hurry up, get in the industry, and start solving problems for the rest of us. The real deal: Most of us aren't going to be working on particularly worthwhile problems. That's OK, but if you start accounting for your life accomplishments minute by minute you're going to be disappointed with most front-end development jobs. The product of your work is going to be transient. I'm sure that the people that worked on Vue feel accomplished, though. They took collaboration seriously and built something that other people want to use. They couldn't just "move to Vue" because they wanted to address a problem that wasn't already solved.
marketing guy woke, issue #367 npm install broke
So the cost of saving a couple of braces your programming editor can likely insert for you automatically is that you have to be more diligent with your merge practices, code reviews and day to day formatting. Obviously there must be a huge advantage to this style that outweighs the cost. I'm only hearing arguments against it. I've heard disaster stories (e.g. Apple's goto fail SSL bug) but I've never heard any success stories of how skipping braces made a significant positive impact to a codebase. I personally have nothing against skipping braces, but only if the whole construct is on the same line, e.g. `if (x) y();`. That minimizes the potential for programmer error.
Loop: &gt; a structure, series, or process, the end of which is connected to the beginning.
&gt; This isn't any more error prone than missing or misplaced end braces. A missing end brace is first of all a syntax error. It won't slip past compile, much less a test. A misplaced brace may be an issue, but is always a consequence of a programmer explicitly spelling it out in the wrong place. Here are a couple of examples: diff a: void foo(void) { if (x) - { y(); - z(); - } } diff b: void foo(void) { if (x) { y(); - z(); + bar(); } } Merge both of these in order and enjoy the bug silently slipping by without conflict. Wouldn't have happened if the braces were kept. Next, let's quickly smoke test our z function. void foo(void) { if (x) y(); z(); } I'll comment the y call out because it's been tested before, has no effect on state it shares with z, is irrelevant to what I've just implemented and needs a full test environment on Jenkins to run anyway. Test passes fine. I re-introduce the commented out section, and the code breaks during actual testing because z was secretly also dependent on x, a problem that never materialized during the smoke test because my commenting y made the z call conditional. Neither of these problems happen when you consistently always use braces. That said, I think GCC with all warnings enabled will lint for misleading indentation, which would catch these. This is is a behavior you can't rely on if you use an automatic code formatter (say clang-format) because the formatter will auto indent the misleadingly indented sections. So that's a loss right there; can't use autoformatters and therefore can't conveniently maintain a consistent style. &gt; Not using the braces for single line statements actually informs you that it was intentional* and it is not a missing or misplaced end brace. The presence of a beginning brace and the lack of a matching end brace is a 100% indicator of a missing end brace. &gt; *So long as that's the standard practice in the codebase, and it is for us. A consistent coding style is preferable to an inconsistent one. That IMO is orthogonal to the issue of omitting or including braces for conditional statements. &gt; In the end, it's an intentional feature of the language, we got used to using it and have actualized multiple benefits to doing so. You don't have to like it, believe it, or start doing it. In some languages conditional simple statements have been omitted because they are generally considered bad practice and are a common source of both errors and unnecessary changes when they eventually need to encompass multiple statements. It's intentional in others, sure, but the justification is usually either to be C-like or to simplify parsing rules (so that blocks are just a type of statement). Whether I like it, believe it or do it is irrelevant here. What I'd like to know is a compelling reason to omit them. You say that you have actualized many benefits by those means, but the only one you've mentioned so far is the vague notion that the omission looks intentional. How it looks more intentional than explicitly spelling the beginning and end of the conditional code out using braces, I can't figure out on my own. I've also pointed out a real life case of where this caused a significant problem. The Apple "goto fail" SSL bug is remarkable in how utterly trivial the problem is and how easy the fix is.
It seems perfect given what you're looking for. It's not source based, though, but you can of course build packages from source if you want. In my (probably outdated) experience of Arch, Void is a little easier to maintain. Especially compared to Arch after the systemd switch. My own motivation for using Void is not that I wanted to move away from systemd, but because I wanted a runit based system specifically. It's a simple system.
isn’t design-by-democracy a novel enough way to produce a language that looks like dried vomit already?
&gt; FM synth algorithms are the same all over the board. Generally speaking, yes, but the DX7 algorithms only represent a rather small subset of the possible routings. So if they really are the same, that's deliberate, because the probability of having the exact same set of algorithms by chance is rather tiny. I sort of wish it would have a modulation matrix for more flexible routing. It could be missing a lot of cool stuff out by not allowing long feedback chains and cross modulation.
Plenty of people use regular analog wrist watches. A wristwatch in general is useful because checking the time is literally a matter of nudging your wrist a little. If you have a time to meet, not wanting to dig into your pocket and click your phone screen on every ten minutes is not simply a matter of aesthetics. An analog watch can be useful because it reduces the arithmetic problem of calculating time to a simple geometric problem that can be solved at a glance. For some people that is more intuitive.
Of course the solution is easy if you spoil it. I've honestly never seen the fun in that outside getting really fast as a sort of party trick. To me it's like getting a quiz game just to memorize all the answers.
But that's all just basic technique. Plenty of shitty DJs get that down perfectly but fail to engage the crowd with not only good music, but the *right* music at the right time. I really couldn't care less whether they're beatmatching using a computer or do things the hard way because the technique is secondary; a good Spotify playlist is better than a technically skillful DJ with no sense of flow or any idea of the crowd's mood. Example: I went to a club for an after work event. The DJ there got the basic chops down. Beats matched perfectly, good transitions, music was fine etc.. One fatal flaw: he let a breakdown play every two minutes before immediately transitioning (impeccably) to the next song. Absolute shit. Maybe the crowd wants to dance for more than a minute at a time? Nope, we'll have a breakdown often enough that you'll never really get into dancing. To DJs like this: you're not the show, no one cares that you can match beats on the millisecond and only absolute nerds will remember an evening for its smooth transitions. Learn, or fuck off and get a job where you don't need to understand dancing.
But the code isn't well written. It's been patched and broken down, stuck back together again over and over again for the past decade. There are three preprocessing systems in use. The recursive makefiles are overcomplicated and contain rules that no one can explain anymore. It's five million lines. There are hidden interdependencies, strange gotchas that you'll only learn of at the water cooler. There are TODO comments that could as well have been written in a foreign language. There are comments that refer to code that no longer exists. Half way through the project the version control system was changed and half the history is lost. The commits are all labelled "fix some bugs". The "documentation" is an amalgamation of an initial design .doc with embedded, unresolved customer comments, a 5 year running email thread and various PDFs and slides scattered across a fundamentally broken intranet CMS. The tickets have poor descriptions and all have the high priority flag. Some dude always -1s every review because of something superficial like the order of the terms of a comparison. Why is it this way? Because a lot of people down the line made the faulty assumption that this is easy. A lot of people looked at problems and thought of the easiest solution to them.
&gt; and plenty more use digital ones. Some even use analog watches that also have a digital readout of the time on the same face. smart watches (the majority of what I see peope wear now) can do either or as well. So the watch making analog a neccesity is simply not true. A lot of people don't want to recharge their watch every few hours. For them, there are not a lot of great smart watch options. &gt; ....... are you seriously trying to argue that plane numbers are harder to do math with than not having them? No, I'm arguing that you don't have to "do math" to see on a circular watch face. Fifteen minutes from now on a digital read-out? Arithmetic. On dials? It's a quarter of a revolution from where it is now.
Yeah, and I think these caveats are things that people will pick up on if they've painted themselves into corners with their hobby code enough times, which they sometimes will if they aspire to do it for a job. But I think it's a pressing point in addition to yours because you can figure these anti-patterns well enough even earlier if you spend some more energy on the theory and insights from successful projects. I have met many junior programmers who probably had an easy time coding but were unprepared for what their easy style of programming would cost the project further down the line. So I am wary of the attitude that programming is easy. It easily gets hard mostly on an organizational plane, which is hard to anticipate if you primarily tinker with small pet projects for yourself. Which is cool, because I think coding could be something like knitting or simple home crafting—just some tangential but occasionally useful or recreational skill in your life; no need to worry about the whole textile production pipeline or the development cycle of a large software project then—but a lot of people that take an interest in programming have the means and ambition to do so 9-5 professionally.
&gt; Sure, but that’s ultimately subjective and a matter of taste. Very much so, but sometimes your taste clears the dance floor, or make people who obviously want to dance just sort of stand around awkwardly. Then, your taste is *bad* for all intents, even if subjectively so. &gt; And even if you don’t have a good feeling of what to play: usually you’re pretty involved in music/club scenes and know what people want to hear or what the hot stuff is. If anything else fails, you’ll just have employees that find good records or even outline tracklists for you. Sure, that’s another “skill” but i’d argue it’s not the most difficult, but i could be wrong It seems to me to be difficult enough, because a navel-gazing DJs that seem to totally ignore crowd response or the mood of the night are unfortunately not uncommon. &gt; I guess it depends on the genre. I don’t know too much about hiphop/charts, but i can guarantee that in techno/house (which at least in Europe is the vast majority of the clubbing and professional DJ scene right now) it’s definitely not just “nerds” that remember if you matched beats correctly, it’s literally the entire audience. I've been to plenty of techno and house clubs in Europe, in many different settings. Sure, there are places where everyone is a geek, and I definitely appreciate good transitions. People geek out more in a reputable venue in Berlin than they do at an underground club in Malmö. But in most settings that's just icing on the cake. If you transition at a shit time from shit to another piece of shit, an excellent transition is pearls for pigs. I prefer a rough mix of good tracks over that any day, and I doubt I'm alone because in my experience people leave if they've come to dance and the tracks suck but will mostly accept some phasing in a transition. It's not that I don't appreciate the technique. But it's kind of like going to a hair dresser worrying about how nimbly he handles the scissors and comb. And yeah, I appreciate a fast hair cut! Doesn't matter if all he can give me is a bowl cut.
Bad traffic? Looks perfectly fine to me.
&gt; intentionally damaging property is a criminal charge. If you deliberately open your door to block traffic, guess who is intentionally damaging property.
He didn't need to merge. He just found an opportunity to cut in line by passing in the right lane and merging at the last moment, and it didn't work, so the moron tried blocking traffic with his door.
Just in case you want to record a whole performance. The digitakt is a sampler but isn't suitable for mastering and recording a whole track, I think. But if you connect it to a PC via USB and install Elektron's drivers, you can use it as a sound card.
You could always record with line-out into an audio recorder without a computer, though. I've been using a Zoom H2 for this purpose.
MIDI 2.0 over current MIDI electrical interface will be just as slow, and the packets are bigger AFAIK (at least 32 bits each). I hope MIDI 2.0 will be an incentive for manufacturers to add Ethernet to their products for high speed, bi-directional MIDI 2.0 using a single, cheap cable and simple off-the-shelf multiplexing using cheap layer 1 network switches.
if someone pronounces sex as "S-E-X", do you assume they aren't experienced in it?
Most programmers are going to be using a text editor
Read them, sure, but through most of its history it would expect `\r\n` line terminators and would join anything else into a single line when displaying them. Meanwhile, AFAIR, `edit.com` handled it perfectly. Microsoft still bodges plain text files with vscode. A lot of people submit files with trailing characters because the default configuration won't conform to POSIX text files and actually end each line with the line terminator, completely without regard for the platform you're using.
vscode won't, so i doubt notepad will, lol
Justice served
Debt is good if it's spent on things that are likely to return the investment in the long term. Here, the government subsidized personal computers in the 90s. Everyone had them. People who had earlier tinkered with home computers, or had not used computers at all, could get a cheap PC and stay relevant. Huge cost to the government, but definitely worth going into debt for because we now have a relatively huge IT sector (paying taxes on their IT sector incomes) and a generally computer literate populace. Win-win. Like any other investment, risk has to be weighed against potential return, and investments have to be diversified. If by some reasonable measure you can see that yes, our government programs on average yield high returns in terms of economic growth in the long term, it's not a bad idea to go into debt rather than cutting them off or start denying them because of some temporary deficit. But to answer your question: the money, in the long term, comes from the tax payers.
In general may be a good idea, but solutions tomorrow to a problem you have today is useless until tomorrow.
Maybe some of it boils down to survivorship bias, but older systems are less prone to failure simply because there aren't that many potential points of failure compared to modern systems. All the margins for error in terms of electronics are generally greater, they are mechanically more simple (no flash ROM that will wear out, mechanical disc drives or fans). They certainly weren't deliberately built to last forever, but it's a side effect of their simple design. I have tons of old video game systems and computers, and the only real maintenance I worry about is that eventually the electrolytic capacitors will have to be replaced. Since the boards are so simple and spacious without a lot of SMT, even a shaky-handed amateur like me can do it in an afternoon.
I was. Is that weird?
This is not so bad if your work seems meaningful and enjoyable. If it isn't, I just get home and engage in lazy hedonism. Maybe binge on some TV show in bed or scroll through Reddit all night like a sad loser. If it is enjoyable, I instead come home with an energy surplus.
Maybe you need to spend your free time doing something you find more challenging.
&gt; but that's a gross oversimplification of how businesses function. It's either true or false that my work creates more value for my employer than it does for me. It's not an oversimplification to say so. &gt; the employer bought the plot of land Buying land is a remnant of feudalism. It was there in the first place and without people like my employer, I and anyone else could use it. &gt; seeds, all the farming equipment He bought them for someone else looking to extract rent from ownership. These resources can be publicly owned, because we need to farm because people need to eat. &gt; and infrastructure I pay for the infrastructure through taxes. &gt; the employer paid to train people My employer only hires people with years of experience and puts them straight to work. It's the responsibility of the worker to educate himself. &gt; and is taking on the financial risks I'm not taking a financial risk by committing to work for my employer for a paycheck that will just about keep me under a roof, a deal that can be terminated at their whim? We're all taking financial risks. My employer buying a plot of land is a smaller risk to him with his capital than it is to me, and that's about the only value he brings to the table: his capital. Which of course would be an utterly useless "skill" in a society where the capital is mutually owned by the workers. &gt; the wage of the worker is not the only overhead. it's but a portion of the opex Yet the owner has another couple of zeroes on his paycheck compared to mine, while working less and being totally dependent on the fruit of my labor. There is an overhead, no questions asked, but the increase in productivity and stock value without a proportional increase in real wages suggests that the overhead is an increasingly smaller portion of his two fruits. We're mutually dependent, but he's earning more out of less work because his capital put him in a better position in a world that favors capital over labor. &gt; so to think that the difference in wage and output is direct profit is plain wrong. I never said that it was, but go ahead and have fun with that straw man. I'm not even proposing that this is a good solution, but to make good, intellectually honest critique of Marxism, you should make more of an effort to understand Marxism than to just pretend that being tired of your work is not something that Marx addressed thoroughly.
He is saying that it isn't rewarding to him to overcome challenges in video games and that games therefore bore him to death. Your suggestion is to play a less challenging video game? I am suggesting finding something else to do that he feels is rewarding.
What the hell makes you assume that the clothes were sopping wet? Poor reading comprehension? Short attention span?
Make an actual flat home planet for flat earthers and broadcast the stupid shit they have to deal with to earth.
It's reported and confirmed cases. Many more have likely become infected, without more than flu-like symptoms, so under-reported because most people don't even bother going to the doctor for a flu. The incubation time is also rather long (two weeks?), so a lot of infected people likely simply haven't suffered any symptoms yet.
Does China's handling of this new pandemic threat remind you at all of their handling of the SARS outbreak in the early 2000s? By any real indication, aside from the hilarious idea that Chinese government's information dissemination policies are the same now as they were 20 years ago, they have learned a lesson or two. I take pride in being called moron by any T_D regular.
Let me say something about tic-tac-toe. Something big. Really big. You know? You know how the game is—it's a great game you know; I love tic-tac-toe—how its name doesn't have ANYTHING to do with how it plays. I mean, I love tic-tac-toe, and we'll, you know, see how it plays out, but what's the tic? What's the tac? Big questions. This is a *huge* issue, but you know I love the game itself. What's the toe? I've asked some great minds to explain it to me, huge names in the field, and they couldn't explain it to me.
&gt; Math to the rescue! My guess is 11000 infected and 110 dead. So is your guess now based on math (assuming preliminary infectivity, mortality rate and incubation time), or is it still just a guess?
He should try the mouth attachment for a more grounded experience.
If you are lucky, security through obscurity may work up to a point. However, if I had reasonable suspicion that I was being explicitly targeted by anyone on the route, I’d be wary even of using obscure protocols and applications that are insecure.
It's insulting to simply call it "art". Code, especially functional JSX, *transcends* art. It's a glimpse of the Gods. It's the closest we'll ever get to kissing Venus and awkwardly spending 30 minutes telling her what Vim is and why you left it for VSCode on your first and last date. It's like meeting Yahweh and hearing His penetrating voice tell you that although you may think that the ten commandments were written on stone tabs, they were actually all stone spaces. It's like meeting Buddha and realizing that the time we spend not pushing to npm is that of a leaf falling to the ground.
The Go shape * 20 lines of imports * 200 lines of logic * 600 lines of `if err != nil { return err }` * 800 lines of forum posts questioning the necessity of generics, laced with misplaced condescension and somehow smug pride of inferiority
As your code grows, the number of correct lines of code grows, too!
I'd be so fucking pissed if my tax money was being used to pay a gang of union busters to beat up firefighters. Fuck these goons, and fuck their chain of command. Heads off.
Imagine him coming home drunk after this to immediately beat his wife after being told off so hard.
If you are working on your property and a cop asks you if you live there and your only reasonable means of proving that you do is to unlock the door, which you offer to do but the cop refuses, do want a gun pointed at you while surrounded by eight cops acting as though your garden hose is a deadly weapon?
They were in a minding-my-own-business vs abusing-my-authority contest
Pretty much. It was tried in court and ultimately found that police departments can legally throw an application away if the candidate is too intelligent. They want people who barely meet the 100s because "Those who scored too high could get bored with police work" https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-court-ruled-you-can-be-too-smart-to-be-a-cop/5420630
Shoving someone away from you? Or do you mean the open handed slap? Both are pretty benign ways to keep someone at a safe distance.
&gt; Disembodied loudspeaker voice "waawa waawa wa wa waawa." That's disrespectful to the grown-ups in Peanuts
It is deep rooted and hypothetical. The question will only be asked from a position of experiencing that you *are*, which a lot of animals won't. It means that the bird had considered it's state of being as an individual, recognizing that its own experience isn't the totality of the world.
You are right that you don't understand Asperger's.
I like to think of it in terms of analogy. Back-end engineers are like Doctor Octopus. Front-end engineers are like Spider-man. Back-end engineers are ultimately more intelligent and more technologically resourceful—at first sight better in every way—but they have evil, one-track minds and are only looking to further themselves at the expense of Spider-man. Front-end engineers, like Spider-man, serve the public. They climb around on the faces of skyscrapers, peek inside and see what people want. They save the day and take their masks off so that no one will recognize their favors to the world, because it's better that they don't know how close to the edge of chaos they stand. They are flexible and happily install 200 new packages to solve problems, just like how Spider-man installs web shooters on his arms. Where Doc Oc has eight mechanical arms to jack himself off with, Spider-man has a hot girlfriend. Where Doc Oc has a sad bowl cut, Spider-Man has a fashionable photography hobby.
I've seen enough cheesy horror sci-fi movies to firmly recommend you to stay away.
Presenting minority opinions and majority opinions side by side as though they were equally represented is pretty much a natural artifact of the incentives of news reporting. Both as a deliberate instrument of propaganda and as an unfortunate consequence of how the reporting is paid for. When controversy and outrage drives clicks, which in turn generate ad revenue, "equally valid" opinions create a more reliable source of income than careful and thorough reporting. That's the unfortunate consequence. When large private corporations own the publications, they can use "equally valid" opinions as PR for their other ventures (which in the US are immense and includes the government, due to legalized corruption), which is the propaganda. You could have nationalized news reporting, but in a situation like the one in the US currently, you couldn't trust such a source to fairly report news that would weaken the government. You can't trust a government institution to work in your interest when it by all empirical evidence primarily works to generate and protect capital among the capitalists. Only when the government is held highly accountable for the well-being of those governed will nationalized news be anything more than propaganda. Even if you achieve near perfect government, large government institutions just like large private institutions have an inherent self-interest. They have an interest in their own continuation, because institutions that don't naturally don't live very long. There is always a risk that this self-interest manifests as perverse incentives. Capitalism amplifies the potential for perverse incentives, but I don't think eliminating capitalism fully removes that potential.
gexit!
The right time to discover ATS is after you've written your language
Among developers the rustacean is most of virtue, so that unneth among 10xers is so great readiness found. For in the new moon they come together in great companies, and implementeth correct memory safe programs, and lowte each to other, and turn so again to their own places, and they make the young go tofore in the turning again; and keep them busily and teach them to do in the same wise: and when they be sick, they gather good herbs, and ere they use the herbs they heave up the head, and look up toward heaven, and pray for help of God in a certain religion. And they be good of wit, and learn well: and are easy to teach, insomuch that they be taught to know Steve Klabnik and to worship him, and busy to do him reverence and to bend the knees in worship of him. If rustaceans see a lesser programmer coming against them that is out of the way in the wilderness, for they would not affray him, they will draw themselves somewhat out of the way, and then they stint, and pass little and little tofore him, and teach him the way. And if a gopher come against him, they fight with the gopher and defend the man, and put them forth to defend the man strongly and mightily: and do so namely when they have github stars, for they dread that the man seeketh github stars. And therefore they purpose first to deliver them of the lesser developer, that they may more securely accumulate their stars and keep them the more warily....
&gt; Tabbing between windows is easier than scrolling through a large file. Placing navigation marks, folding code and having multiple windows into the same buffer are much more flexible navigational tools than incessant splitting of things that relationally belong together into multiple files. I've worked with JavaScript and saw a ton of code that was basically a handful of functions split into several files, moved into a folder with an index file exposing a single exported value. It's not that I had any trouble with juggling that; it just seemed like pointless busywork to me. I was in hour long meetings with people arguing about what rigid system of organization we should use to separate things that belong together, which again seemed like pointless busywork.
Python is strongly typed. You are confusing strong typing with static typing. There are pretty obvious examples of where these don't go hand in hand. C is statically typed, but because you can cast anything to anything not to mention implicitly convert values from one type to another, and types thus being *weak* contracts, I'd be hard pressed to call it strongly typed. In Python on the other hand type conversions are explicit. Operations that work on multiple types have to be defined, and there is no implicit coercion. It's dynamically typed, so you can use types interchangeably insofar that the values you use are similar enough (for example two different objects implementing methods with the same signature), but you can't create an integer and coerce it into a string willy nilly, types being a hard contract, hence there's a strong case for it being *strongly* typed.
I have no doubts the code is utter shit, but LOC is not a meaningful metric of performance. I can write one line of code that never finishes, and I can write a million lines of code that are folded into a constant.
In a Sufficiently Smart™ compiler, constant string comparisons can be made as fast as an integer comparison. If you have a global index of all string constants used you only need exactly one copy of each string, and any string-equal constants end up also being address-equal in which case you can just compare addresses.
I don't know specifically that any C# compilers do this, but it's a common optimization. The technique is called "string interning" if you want to look it up!
I think that attending these riots to film can have journalistic value to the public that under some circumstances should excuse trespassing on private property. For the same reason I think that e.g. sneaking in to document animal abuse at an industrial farm is justified by the subject's relevance to the public, or entering a private oil field to document an ongoing ecological disaster. That's not a comment on what the law is or how it's implemented, but my personal opinion on how the public interest should be balanced against exclusive rights to private property.
That sounds like a broken implementation to me
An even better option is to not fill the balloon in the first place. An deflated balloon is a fun toy in its own right and won't fly away. When my kids bring home inflated balloons I immediately deflate them so that the fun will last much longer. They don't like it now, but they'll thank me for it when they're older.
Not a C++ programmer. It looks like a convoluted way to go about it, but I don't see why it wouldn't work. 1. Create a new string `backup`, copying `size` elements into it starting at the address of the first element of `buffer-&gt;first` 2. Reserve (more I guess?) space for `buffer-&gt;first` 3. Copy `size` elements from the source starting from the address of the first element of `backup` to the destination starting at the address of the first element of `buffer-&gt;first` I don't know whether `reserve` preserves the existing content, but if it does, the memcpy is completely unnecessary. The most atrocious things otherwise are not using the more convenient functions in the string library, and the way it gets a pointer to the vector/string data...WHAT IS `.data()`??? WHAT IS `.copy()`???
Now gimme an array of 5 pointers to functions that take an array of 5 pointers to functions that take 2 ints and return int and return int, noob
Whether I *could* understand it is a useless benchmark. How much time and effort it takes me to reach the point of understanding it compared to an alternative representation of the solution is more important.
&gt; it's not the same as accessing contiguous memory It is since C++11
This is COP: Constructor Oriented Programming. It's like functional programming for people that would normally discard that idea for not having been regurgitated into their mouths by Uncle Bob
Dear diary, Woke up this morning and went out into the field. Punched a pig until it turned into two cutlets. Ate them raw. Decided to harvest the wheat, so I punched it. Made a cake from eggs that have a 1/16 chance of being fertilized. My pickaxe broke in the afternoon but I finished up by punching the granite loose. Had some zombies attack me in the evening, but used my iron bucket of glowing hot lava to get rid of them quickly. All in all a good day.
Good points. Will assignment preserve the reserved capacity?
Not one day goes by that I don't think about that marketing guy that died a week before Dennis Ritchie, the inventor of the B programming language
&gt; You think people in authority are required to put up with your BS? To the extent that my BS is legal I think they are. &gt; That you have no responsibility to be a decent person but they do? See if I give a shit if cops' transgressions of decency were limited to shouting derogatory slogans. &gt; Being civil is everyone’s job. Literally. Everyone employer on earth has an expectation that you won’t act like an asshole. Apparently not every employer...
Sided with EMTs helping injured people over people trying to stop them from doing so...clearly a rioting war criminal
Doesn't show terrible code, or the direct result of terrible code.
Someone told it not to
&gt; This study tells us that the average lifetime of our ancestors (if they survived infancy) was up to 70 years. Abundant and balanced nutrition is a prime necessity for that. That study "assesses the effects of the modern world on hunter-gatherers" and concerns tribes using hunting and gathering as their main source of sustenance in the modern world, one of which by admission of the study "have been closely surrounded by neighbors and traded with them for at least the last 100 years". Nowhere does it conclude that the average lifespan is 70. It shows a pretty dire situation where through most of life you have a &gt;1% chance of dying each year, with an elevated risk of dying below the age of 20 and a 20% chance of living until 70. Anything close to an average 70 year lifespan has to discard deaths below the age of 20. Life expectancy from e20 ranges from another 16 (Libben) to 41 (Hadza) years depending on the tribe. When you link to something like this and say that it concludes something that it doesn't, do you just not read the study at all? What could compel someone to do this?
[This study](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2999363/) suggests that the idea that "everyone worked together and shared everything" is as much a "bold hypothesis based on 20th century social structures" as any. It suggests that things like land ownership and food stores which can drive inequality are limited by mobility and are more prevalent in less mobile societies. That hunter-gatherer tribes were often more egalitarian than modern society is widely accepted and held true, but "everyone shared everything" is ridiculous. Unfortunately, human prehistory seems like a highly politicized subject.
"5,25-tumsdisketter" in Swedish. Not too different. What's the story behind 3.5" disks being called "floppies"? They weren't floppy! I suppose the name could refer to the actual magnetic disc.
boo hoo, i've never worked on any interesting problems in my entire life so i have to use haskal to maintain the illusion of doing something meaningful
note the purely hypothetical objection here
This is starting to sound like a debate between a CS student who just got out of a Set Theory final and just figured out who CAR Hoare is, and someone who is just trying to ship features and make sure his company makes money.
Stop whining now or I'll have Linus Torvalds review them
My children will be using Mac OS 8 installations loaded with nagware versions of outdated productivity tools until they can install NetBSD on the same hardware without consulting the NetBSD handbook.
hilarious but socialjerk
At least vacuuming itself didn't impose a significant overhead!
Given that the U.S. declaration of independence (of which Thomas Jefferson is the principal author) declares that &gt; We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. it's safe to say that it was a racist inclination on Jefferson's part to own slaves simply rooted in not acknowledging black slaves fully as men. That may have been socially acceptable at the time, and his views in general may even have been progressive in that context (given that he was at least a proponent of gradual emancipation), but that black men aren't entitled to the unalienable rights of *all men* is a fundamentally a racist position regardless.
If only there existed a kind of data structure that could contain distinct values for each combination of values in two dimensions...
You're confusing "decentralized" with "unmoderated". Your conclusion is poorly considered.
Doesn't do MIDI out as far as I recall, and has pretty cruddy adhoc support for MIDI input. Looks like this is intended at least partly as a MIDI sequencing setup what with the MIDI interface and the nearby PortaSound. Any idea what software it is? Some earlier MED version?
seems like the dude deserves windows 10
Where is it illegal to have animals unrestrained in a vehicle?
I long suspected this was a hoax because it sounded *too much* like a Ceephax Acid Crew take on Indian music. Seems evidence isn't working out in favor of my theory though...
pro vim users write enum-to-string functions like noobs
More cynically, with that in mind, one has to consider likely the possibility that some issues are deliberately fabricated and blown out of proportion to divert attention from the issues that actually concern the ruling class. Anyway, I think I'm entirely sold on the 0-CTRL
The inevitable cost of not establishing a tradition of going Linus Torvalds on morons in your development communication channels early &gt; has a very big problem , we call "callback hell" or "callback shit" flair pls
Tiles well, too! Thanks for my current desktop background.
Perhaps Erica or Joanne in this case
&gt; I have never needed to lick my finger to grip money I've never *wanted* to. Cash is gross &gt; I leant a book to a friend once and I guess he was a salad lover. Maybe he was a buffalo
I wouldn't call it a lost art. Plenty of enthusiasts still create games for this platform, pulling feats that seem impossible at a glance given the constraints. If I were to guess, I'd even say that more people are working on Atari 2600 software now than in its heyday. I guess you are right in the sense that the optimization techniques used in creating these games are no longer used on modern consoles or computers. Other constraints of these modern systems have rendered them hard to impossible, and advances in resource availability have rendered them useless. In the low level embedded space there is still a use for this kind of careful optimization, though.
There are plenty of 2600 games that are well within the limitations of the system and didn't do anything particularly smart or fancy with it. The general principle that you have to update the screen and sprite registers as the picture is being traced to the screen applies to every game and is tricky in itself, but a lot of games really outdid the competition in terms of what they could achieve in the short time available to do so. Programming it is a bit of a puzzle by today's standards even for a simple game, but let's not pretend that e.g. Pong and Pitfall pushed the hardware to the same extent.
To be fair, palette mapped 8-bit color depth is a bit of a different problem from 8-bit CPU. 8-bit palettes were typical of 16-bit systems.
The Atari 2600 used an 8-bit CPU. The CPUs in the NES and the 2600 were basically minor variations in the same family (6502). I don't know of any successful console or home computer that used a 4-bit CPU. Most 8-bit consoles use variations of the 8080/Z80 or 6502 CPUs. Even much more competent consoles with impressive video hardware like the TurboGrafx 16 used a 6502 variant. The difference in the two systems are the mostly in RAM and peripheral hardware. The NES sports a healthy two kilobytes of RAM for just the CPU and another 2k of video memory for the graphics hardware. Meanwhile, the Atari 2600 has 128 *bytes* in total. There is not a lot of room to support the changing state of a complex game there. The NES has video hardware that will draw two dimensional sprites and scrolling tile-based playfields without any intervention from the CPU at all. The Atari on the other hand only has a concept of one dimensional graphics and the CPU will constantly have to update its graphics registers as they are traced to the screen line by line. The latter takes a lot of CPU time, which the NES gets for free thanks to its video hardware.
&gt; Are there any numbers that are irrational across all base sets? Not if you consider using those irrational numbers as the base.
If those two people are researchers, possibly the only ones researching the game, I don't see the problem with calling them researchers. For you to take "researchers" to mean an entire community of scientists is a problem on your end. A researcher is someone who does research. "Researchers" are more than one such person.
My guess is that the random tiles can as well always be solid, in which case you only need to test about 4294967296 combinations to find all solvable rules for a given starting seed. Multiply that with 32 to get all combinations of starting seeds and rules. But in this case I think it's just a matter of tasteful trial and error. You flip the bits around a bit and see what turns out. Then you build levels from a known starting seed that you know will solve from trial.
can't spell "cool" without b
Probably doing something time consuming and thankless, like looking for a Pascal job
I always suggest Chocolate Doom to this end, Crispy Doom if 35 FPS hurts your spoiled eyes too much
Can we all agree that there is a there's a scale between *drinking contaminated water out of a ditch* and *every piece of technology looks like it was designed by philistines at a San Fransisco startup*?
Well, while we're talking "true vanilla" and "OG Doom" I think it's fair to mention the source port that most accurately emulates the original experience without compromise. I don't care what you do to play Doom, but in my view my suggestion was on topic.
Since I play a bunch of games without widescreen support I've fixed this system wide from my graphics card settings by making it perform aspect ratio correct scaling in the GPU. Using NVidia, don't know about Intel, but ATI should have similar options. For a long time I didn't know this was possible but it's really made playing these older games so much better for me.
Not GTA or Russia. More like /r/whichusstate
Yeah, sounds like something Jesus would say.
This is the case to some extent even if you feel like you would be a pretty shitty product. For example, I don't see ads or generally vote on /r/all crap so in that sense alone, I am a loss both to Reddit and these bots. But now I'm posting, potentially generating interest in the site and maybe even the post in question. I've never paid for privileges here, but people with much less concern for what kind of stupid bullshit they spend their money on than me have sometimes gilded my posts, generating revenue for Reddit.
It's not just for karma; it's for a seemingly organic post history. You're paying for credibility to be able to post content where an organic and highly rated post history might be the difference between it being presumed to be spam and being well received. Consider this scenario. User posts a meme involving a certain brand of fast food, with the covert intent to promote that brand. It gets upvoted to the point where some probably small subset of concerned users start flagging the post. Mods or admins or whatever give it a few seconds to investigate. If the post history is filled with references to said fast food chain. it's obviously spam. If it's filled with all kinds of seemingly high value crap and commentary on a much wider range of topics it's not so easy. Consider a second scenario. User posts entirely fabricated opinion based on a not obviously fabricated experience to build support for a certain point of view that benefits a certain government power, i.e. "astroturfing". If your basis of evaluation as a moderator (or a concerned user) is his post history, he fares much better if his history is filled with seemingly normal human sentiments, concerns and plausible opinions on other topics that don't necessarily directly support the agenda of said government power than if his post history is empty or consists entirely of posts concerning the subject matter of the fabricated opinion. As a marketer or propaganda troll, you are interested in creating sentiments. Easing people towards this end by making them believe they are fully in control of their opinions as a reflection of their observations is more effective than outright telling them "believe this!" with all the cards on the table. You have to be *convincing* to do this effectively. You can't have a post history that obviously says "Signed, *Foreign power*" or "With regards, *International Food Megacorp*". Then people will see your agenda for what it is rather than a sentiment they can adopt as their own. Shelling out $20 for some years of plausible posts might seem like a good deal to someone with this in mind.
I think that's a perfectly valid point and I regret that you are being downvoted for it. My own post is based on a narrow view of what you said exactly without regard for the context of the image. Not a very favorable interpretation, pretty much just to be able to make the Jamaha BX8 joke.
I'm going to bet that it's all connected as it seems, and that the world is just not as geometrically consistent as I'd previously assumed. Any takers at $1000?
you think i'm gonna just take the insulting assumption that i would eventually get past a weird npm ecosystem
lol soon generics
"Arbitrary code execution"? Nah. Just the code you compiled in :P
Why would the compiler be generating boolean comparisons here? I don't know much about C# but if I feed gcc enum blah { A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H }; int main(int argc, char **argv) { enum blah v = (enum blah)argc; switch (v) { case A: break; case B: break; case C: break; case D: break; case E: break; case F: break; case G: break; case H: break; } return 0; } it will effectively generate main: xorl %eax, %eax ret because it makes a reasonable analysis of the effects of the cases and correctly infers that they all do nothing. What would a C# compiler do here?
Yeah, jump tables make sense in some cases, but the extent to which simple comparison+branch sequences outperform them in a modern architecture. Without pipelining, caches and branch prediction, and with fast reads, the jump table is almost always the faster option for more than a handful of cases. This is a sort of special case, though. A good optimizer should deduce that the cases are all (or mostly) empty and not emit branches for them individually. Still interested in what C# would do here since its IL+JIT based architecture probably favors compilation speed over code quality and might omit some optimizations. It's only at optimization level 0 that gcc emits a jump table for the above code. If instead of breaking at case H I return 123, the following will be generated at O1: main: cmpl $7, %edi # Compare argc to 7 and set flags accordingly; zero flag to 0 if equal, 1 otherwise movl $123, %eax # Move 123 into return value movl $0, %edx # Move 0 into %edx cmovne %edx, %eax # Move %edx into return value if the zero flag is 0 ret # Return
The prevalence of Haskell in the industry is a testament to its simplicity and relevance to real world problems that people will pay you to solve.
Shooting at someone should always be considered potentially lethal. That outcome will still be more or less likely depending on where you (successfully) aim. For example, your head has a much higher density of vital organic matter than your thighs.
Are you seriously asking or are you wanting to argue?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6pRbwu4Pf0&amp;t=22s
&gt; Still, in the context of police training, aiming at the legs should not be considered a better alternative to shooting at the torso. It depends on what you consider better. If less risk of death is considered better, then firing at a body part where a gunshot wound is more likely to cause death is worse than firing at a body part where a gunshot wound is less likely to cause death. In an ideal world, the best option would then always be not to shoot, but in terms of less risk of death being better, the better option is to fire at a perpetrator under circumstances where not firing at a perpetrator is more likely to cause death. What do *you* mean by "better" in this case? &gt; If they are at the point where they are drawing a lethal weapon, they are willing to kill. They should have accepted that as a possible consequence of it, and you don't need to argue with me that it should only be under dire circumstances that the option should be considered. &gt; Less-lethal training should focus on all the things you do BEFORE you draw the gun. It should focus on every aspect of law enforcement and conflict resolution. It's a profession where drawing a gun will be an occasional necessity, and what you do with the gun drawn can have a great effect on lethality. For example, training police how to fire warning shots as safely as possible, where to aim for the most immediate stopping power, which body parts are more fragile etc. You seem to have the idea that because gunshots have a high risk of being lethal, the police should not work to improve technique that might lower that risk. We seem to agree that police should refrain from drawing their weapons to the greatest extent possible, no questions there, but I additionally believe that when the police draw their weapons, they should use them in the least lethal way possible. Even the slightest improvement in lethality is worth investing in.
Yes. It's sometimes a good way to weed out problems early that would take longer to communicate in code review. It's a great way to impart knowledge on noobs, and personally I feel better motivated when two are working on the same problem. I worked for a couple of weeks with an inexperienced developer on a few features for a green field project and honestly think it was great both in terms of what he learned and in terms of my increased productivity when there was no barrier to discussing decisions. Just switched teams and the new team doesn't seem to be doing it as much, but we're doing the next best thing: extensive and detailed code review, pushing for review *early* if we're unsure of the general approach. This works well while we are working from home and I don't think there has been any change in productivity during the crisis.
&gt; They seem like books best kept in a fireplace. With the fire blazing. The Nazis had similar ideas about books that disturbed them.
I never said that the gesture would be inherently fascist. I said that Nazis had similar ideas about books that disturbed them. My point is that there are more productive uses of subversive material than burning it.
Probably doesn't have one. Alcoholic housewife of some rich old dude.
I guess I relied too heavily on your imaginative faculty in phrasing my point like I did. Instead of considering in which ways the acts are similar you focused on the ways in which they are not.
&gt; There's your mistake in essence -- you assumed I'd make a hop I did not make. Why risk being misunderstood? I really don't get the point of defending that approach. I'm absolutely fine with people occasionally making the least favorable interpretation of what I'm saying. If they don't understand my point, I can follow up and elaborate. That's a better use of my time than writing in the first place as though *everyone* will make the least favorable interpretation. &gt; I'd burn a book, especially figuratively, for being abhorrent. Next time, just be clear instead of mostly opaque in your commentary. A sentence or two does not supply much in terms of context or intent.
Meh, I have one and I use it to play games. Not at all into collecting so I got myself a flash cartridge and and SD card containing every commercial release for the platform. There are some gems in there, especially multiplayer games are fun on it.
This game would have been graphically disappointing even for the time. Even talking about graphics only became a thing IME around later generational steps. Like, you'd compare the Genesis to the NES and drool over the graphical improvement. More colors! Bigger sprites! Smaller pixels! No one cared around the 2600. The idea that you could play a game on your TV that wasn't a variation of Pong was exciting enough in itself. I've played it though, and it's fun.
"Stop resisting" is basically the uniformed, grown-up version of "stop hitting yourself"
Fender bender implies that the accident is small and largely inconsequential (possibly just bending a fender). "Nose to tail crash" doesn't, but implies the manner in which it happens (one car crashes into the back of another car).
To the extent that you know that they may have large root systems that more or less firmly attach them to the ground depending on the species, I guess any school system with basic biology as part of its curriculum? I'm honestly struggling to remember *not* knowing this, but it was probably taught in the first grade when biology meant basic flora and fauna. It's perfect for a 6-7 year old because the idea can reliably be imparted to even an absolute moron without saying a word using a simple cross section picture.
This presumes that his condition was obvious to the officers. There is no evidence that he said anything at all leading up to the incident. They didn't ask him anything; they told him to stop and drop the weapon, to which he responded by aiming it at one of the officers. By the testimony of the officers involved he was wearing a baseball cap pulled tight that obscured most of his face which might otherwise obviously have revealed the features of the syndrome. Even if they knew of his condition, someone with down syndrome is probably the last person I'd trust to have the faculties to act responsibly with what I thought was a gun. I'd say it's irresponsible of his carers to let an adult that effectively can't communicate intent, and by their admission had no understanding of danger, play with unmarked toy guns, but hindsight is 20/20 and this is again a tragic event that I think would have been hard for anyone involved to anticipate.
What makes you think this goes on for a year? I don't know wtf is going on but there's no indication in the video that this is more than a passing event. The look of apparent amazement of the guy presenting it reveals that it's not a common occurrence.
To understand the situation you must consider that the officers thought it was a real sub-machine gun aimed at them by someone that had refused the order to stop and drop it, which is not a great position from which to wait something other than your own death out. At the point of firing, they'd tried to exit an apartment courtyard through a passage when they encountered the victim outside who they commanded to stop and to drop the weapon, which he did not. At that point they retreated back into the apartment courtyard. This *is* waiting the situation out, but the victim followed them inside and took aim at one of them, at which point they started firing at him. I can honestly find little reason to fault them for this. It's only through tragedy of unlikely circumstances that this caused the death of someone who was mentally a child with no intent to harm anyone. The issue here is that two shots hit him in the back, suggesting that at some point the kid decided to turn around and flee, in which case the use of lethal force is no longer justified as self defense. That it was justified as self defense to fire at someone who in the middle of the night followed them with what appeared to be a sub-machine gun and refused to drop it, instead aiming it at officers responding to reports of someone walking around with a machine gun in the area was never in question.
I don't know, from the looks of it there is plenty of room down-cliff for this to go on for a long time without filling anything. Having read through the thread now, it seems that it's a rare and relatively recent phenomenon caused by flash flooding from distant downpour. The flooding carries dry sand on top of mud which makes it look like a dry waterfall.
Honestly I think a lava coming in contact with a lake of shit would only exacerbate the smell.
While world generation has certainly improved over time, oceans and mountains are still not formed as realistic consequences of geological phenomena. Ideally, for a realistic model of mountains and valleys, you'd take all kinds of shit into account like erosion and the interactions of tectonic plates over time. It's understandable with the seed based on-the-fly world generation Minecraft uses that this realistic approach isn't viable, but in Minecraft's case this leads to bodies of water that are completely enclosed by land in all directions, effectively large lakes at best. I'm honestly too impressed with how well it works as it is to criticize it for these shortcomings.
Check; I'm the one defending my one liners as though they're the Magna Carta.
I don't think it's uncommon for introverts to suffer from some kinds of social anxiety, especially for teens, when peers IME are more likely to judge you based on your social footprint. I also think it's common to confuse social anxiety with an introverted personality because avoidance as a coping mechanism for anxiety may appear as introversion.
Being somewhat introverted but not leading a completely asocial life, I can relate. Usually I end up enjoying these last minute type arrangements, but complex social events leave me exhausted, so it's more a matter of planning the next day. With age I've at least grown to give less of a fuck about how people react when I say "no, I'd planned on taking it easy today" or "no, I don't want to do X today because I have planned doing Y tomorrow". I have good, close friends that understand my disposition or at least respect my choices.
Doing authoritarian shit sort of requires being an authority, doesn't it? Something like senior advisor to the President should do it.
For the record I think the whole system of government in the US is a complete fuck-up characterized by misinformation propaganda campaigns, eternal war and other traits that when not easily likened to Orwell at least evokes Bradbury. From the perspective of a foreigner the color of the ruling party has made little difference. I'd be insulted that you take my post to mean that I have somehow picked sides in the shitstorm failure of democracy you've got going on over there if I didn't take pity on you. I'm addressing you, and what you're saying. To insist that some random dude is doing "very authoritarian shit" by criticizing some nepotal high government puppet (who has never displayed any sort of aptitude for anything) for parroting empty phrases in support of a group of people the US government has a long history of completely neglecting is a thing in its own right, and my opinion on CHAZ or people tearing down statues or whatever other whataboutism you can come up with isn't a legitimate defense.
&gt; gives what she gets in bed Assuming based on your Reddit presence that your sexual performance is very poor this seems like a bad arrangement for you
I honestly prefer this over the "Whoopsie-doopsie, our internet gnomes did something wrong! We'll be wight bwack :3" type shit I've come to expect lately.
Just a bit of blind tongue-in-cheek roasting. I agree foreplay goes a long way. Overall, being playful and creative throughout does a lot. At least last tried more than a year ago...
I need it to be expressed at all. To attack the argument, there needs to be an argument. I don't mind too much how it's expressed.
They're generally used all over Europe at least. They're legal and used in the UK, France, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Poland, Italy, Greece and Russia. These are all the countries I looked up, and they all use unmarked police vehicles. Either you're full of shit, this is strictly a Euro-American thing, or I was lucky enough to only look up countries that use unmarked police vehicles. I'm going to go with full of shit.
That's what the lights are for. The point of unmarked cars is to catch people doing things that they would normally not do in the presence of a clearly marked police car. The law should not be a service to the police.
Never D&amp;D specifically, but I've played tabletop role playing games occasionally. Never really go into it, but I enjoy the social aspect and the non-fighting parts.
Well, they're definitely used to catch traffic offenders in the UK, France, Spain, Sweden, Denmark and Germany. I don't know about all those other countries I looked up, but I imagine that it's the duty of a patrolling police officer to stop dangerous driving as they see it. I honestly can't be bothered to look every other country up just to disprove a point that was so obviously pulled out of the ass. You say it, you prove it. So you can't have unmarked cars in Washington? How does that aid the argument that "in America unmarked cars are a thing but not many other places have them"? About that Georgia law, it seems kind of irrelevant in this context since the car in question had mounted blue lights and turned them on as appropriate. I honestly don't know of any place where a police vehicle may engage in pursuit without lights. That's dangerous, on one hand because the pursued has no indication of your authority and in part because bystanders don't either.
It's not secret surveillance. It's patrolling police in public streets where there is no expectation of privacy, and where enforcing minor infractions such as the one in the video saves lives and deters dangerous drivers.
Whether they are stopping offenders themselves or not, Russia certainly isn't included in the "many other places" of your statement that "unmarked cars are a thing but not many other places have them."
&gt; No one is saying stop enforcing these infractions. How many videos do we see just like this overseas where clearly marked police vehicles do exactly what this officer did? Clearly marked cars effectively enforce violations the world over. This doesn't mean anything in itself. If what you are saying that enforcing traffic law is just as effective in clearly marked patrol cars as it is in unmarked cars, take the opportunity to prove it.
&gt; Entrapment at its finest Entrapment involves artificially setting up the premise of the crime and thereby tricking the would-be criminal into doing it. You don't know what it means and you are again using your ass as your primary source.
Right, the most likely case is that you get rich from being born into a rich family. Surely someone who buys a Ferrari has no aversion towards spending money.
&gt; Little research exists on marked vs unmarked patrols. So you have nothing that proves your point.
JS itself isn't strongly typed and is the most successful and important language in the world (probably in the history of programming),
so you are the author and are just cross-posting this to a bunch of vaguely relevant subreddits.
That sounds so great man. I hope it works out!
The circumstances of it all definitely have something to do with it. Not only am I working from home; I'm asked by the government not to meet people at all. I live in a big, tight city, so normally there would be no problems fulfilling social needs without meeting coworkers, but at the beginning of my three month stay at home I'd go several days without meeting *anyone*, only broken up by seeing strangers at the local store. WFH if implemented under better circumstances for me would probably mean co-working for some part of the week and taking better care of my social life outside work. Personally I enjoy working together with others and would prefer to work physically near my coworkers, but all things considering driving for hours a week just to get to a particular computer is a sad waste of time, takes a huge toll on the environment while eating up a good chunk of the eight recreational hours you have between work and sleep.
&gt; Nah, it's probably the look of "who the fuck seated that kid and left me with this mess" So instead of explaining that mistake you make some shit up about the differences in athletic qualities of their t-shirts. Not gonna fully discount the possibility that this might be a Curb Your Enthusiasm-level social fuck-up where he paints himself into a corner that reflects much more poorly on their policies than admitting the actual mistake because he's a moron, but chances are that they just don't apply the same level of scrutiny to white families, whether they're aware of it or not.
*I'll just go elsewhere* is your words, not mine. "Fuck your establishment" means I'll shit talk it for the rest of my life.
&gt; He’s been developing software for commercial clients and government institutions such as the Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Environment and Food of Denmark, The National Police, Danish Agency for Labour Market and Recruitment, and Ørstad. worth taking into consideration when asking yourself "how did this bullshit contract cost x amount of taxpayer money". This is what I call *masterful ineptitude* for its flawless execution of a concept that is so dumb that my jaw hurts looking at it
Who needs branching instructions when you can organize the code such that the program counter ending up at either of the branch targets is a natural side effect of how much the memory barrel spins in the time it takes to execute the branching condition? These are googlers, not brilliant engineers. They might not grasp a high level abstract concept like conditional branching, but we still want them to be productive.
&gt; Why you should start with the web instead of mobile Why you should start with plague instead of cholera
They should invent a refrigerator that just emits a constant, human-like gut-wrenching scream from the inside. You have to close it to muffle the scream; no need for further notifications or mechanisms
If only there was a way one could shape metal into a spiral-like form that naturally contracts when stretched out
They'll be the same game
I have opted in, but it could unfortunately just as easily never have crossed my mind, and I think that in many people it hasn't. An opt-out law where the default policy is clearly communicated to the public and where opt-out is simple would in that case would help a lot. People that care strongly that their bodies don't turn into donations can then easily opt-out and the people that don't really care either way will default to saving lives given the medical opportunity. I don't see why it should even be controversial. It's a different question if you can't opt out. I can see how for religious reasons one might not want to be a donor and care strongly about it as a matter of faith. Those people should be welcome to opt out, and IMO have an easy, simple way to do so.
&gt; The extra complexity every time you push changes and refactoring. oh yes the horrible additional complexity of not using cmake &gt; Completely unpredictable bugs on other people pcs. other people without pkg-config are not really people in my book
&gt; If anyone has a good alternative, please let me know. to using electron? how does sitting naked on a pineapple until it disappears into your body sound? that or maybe qt
The idea that "job creation" is something inherently positive is dystopian in itself. I could create jobs by getting into the habit of shitting and vomiting all over public restrooms. I could destroy and undo the work of other people. I could in every possible way be a total burden on society, and by doing so I'd create a lot of opportunities for work. Clearly there is work that *should* be done for the betterment of society, yet somehow we applaud "job creators" who divert people from socially beneficial work into mind numbing bullshit jobs like telemarketing as though they've discovered how to tap into a rare and precious resource, when in reality they are only one or two steps removed from the people shitting all over public restrooms. Only because we have a system of economy in which getting paid is more important than actually doing something meaningful in return.
The handbook has a chapter on creating per-user service directories that reside in the home directory.
Moore predicted higher density of transistors and reduced cost of transistors. It can roughly be used to predict the cost of computation because transistor density is a limiting factor in speed of computation. Genome sequencing is a very computation heavy problem. That it doesn't follow the prediction of transistor density tells the story that there is some innovation in the domain that reduces the cost of computation by some other means. In this case I'd wager that it's MPSS and GPU compute, the former being a great use for the latter.
Yes, that's the story the graph tells. Invent MPSS+ubiquitous massively parallel computation devices and Moore's law doesn't matter so much because once you can distribute a problem across multiple computational units without performing it in lockstep, transistor density doesn't matter as much.
What money do you expect them to use to exert power and undermine the working class with, if they have to pay for their own failures?
Struggling economically, people will be less inclined to buy new expensive gear, while they'll be more inclined to get rid of existing gear at greater loss to cover things like basic living expenses. Manufacturers will have a harder time meeting a price point where buying a new product will seem like a good alternative to buying second hand, and the second hand market will itself be a race to the bottom because desperate enough sellers will be getting rid of gear at greater loss to cover rent or whatever. In turn, people will be even less inclined to buy new gear because they now know they can't recover as much of what they spent as before.
How about immediate permanent loss of head? We want to discourage people with heads from not using them.
