I'm going to screen it, but thank you for letting me know!
Great news. Thanks, guys!
&gt; I think, as well as more space for transitioners, we need more space for detransitioners too. Every here agrees with this. The rest of this comment, and all your other comments, are straight up TERF apologia.
Participant Information Project Title: Relationships and Sexting Researcher: Ayesha Turner-Distin, msxat4@nottingham.ac.uk Supervisor: Kevin Browne, lwzkdb@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk Ethics Reference Number: 185-1712 You are being invited to participate in a research study titled Relationships and Sexting which looks at people’s romantic relationships and their sexting activities, this includes people who have never sent a sext before. In this study sexting is defined as: sending sexually explicit photos of yourself (nude or not nude) or sexually explicit text messages to others receiving sexually explicit photos of others (nude or not nude) or sexually explicit text messages You need to be 16 years old or older to participate in this study. This study is being done by Ayesha Turner-Distin, a doctorate student in Forensic Psychology, and Professor Kevin Browne from the University of Nottingham. The information we get from this study may help us understand sexting activity and how to keep people safe online. The purpose of this research study is to explore how people feel about boyfriends/girlfriends and if this is related to sending sexts. You will be asked to complete a brief online questionnaire that will ask you some questions about how you feel towards boyfriends/girlfriends, and it will also ask you about your sexting activities, if any. The questionnaire will take you approximately 10 minutes to complete with a total of 46 questions. Your participation in this study is entirely voluntary and you can withdraw at any time by clicking the browser exit button. The data will only be uploaded on completion of the questionnaire by clicking the SUBMIT button. Once you have completed and submitted the questionnaire it is not possible to withdraw the data because we won’t know who you are. We believe there are no known risks associated with this research study; however, as with any online related activity the risk of a breach is always possible. We will do everything possible to ensure your answers in this study will remain anonymous. We will minimize any risks by storing and treating all the anonymous information which is collected about you as strictly confidential in a password protected database held on servers with restricted access at the University. Your IP address will not be stored. All research data will be kept securely for 7 years. After this time your data will be disposed of securely. During this time all precautions will be taken by all those involved to maintain your confidentiality, only members of the research team and responsible persons at the University will have access to your anonymous data. The results of the study may be published in scientific journals and presented at scientific conferences. The data will be reported anonymously, with any identifying information removed. If you have any questions about this project, you may contact the Lead Researcher Ayesha Turner-Distin or if you have any concerns about any aspect of this study please contact the Research Supervisor: Professor Kevin Browne If you remain unhappy and wish to complain formally, you should then contact the FMHS Research Ethics Committee Administrator, c/o The University of Nottingham, Faculty PVC Office, B Floor, Medical School, Queen’s Medical Centre Campus, Nottingham University Hospitals, Nottingham, NG7 2UH. E-mail: FMHS-ResearchEthics@nottingham.ac.uk This study has been reviewed and given a favourable opinion by the University of Nottingham, Faculty of Medicine &amp; Health Sciences Research Ethics Committee (insert FMHS REC ref no. here].
Removing b/c of discussion rule. asktg might be a better place to post.
Ha we keep missing each other by seconds. Just replied to your DM
Don't be this stupid again.
Your apathy is making us vicious transes look bad.
The current lingo for detransitioning before ever transitioning is "re-identifying." (edit typo)
You're welcome!
I've dealt with that frequency only infrequently, but it's more the irritation of, seriously, body, again? We just did this literally an hour and a half ago.
HDU, GC is a bunch of stable geniuses.
Lower your expectations. You transition because you have a reasonable belief it'll make your life better, not because it's exciting. The excitement wears off and it's just your life.
I admit I don't understand what about salambo_number_5's comment made you anxious then?
This really nails it, I think. If I had the time and ambition to have a nice blog, I probably would, if only for myself and those ten people (that's how I made my irl friends from livejournal, after all). But I'm an average looking, male-passing, white person...the world does not need contextless pictures of people who look like me, which apart from internet conversation is as much visibility as I have the time or inclination to manage.
I feel like the explosion of totally public social networks has played a part. When sharing choices are basically "the entire internet" or "people I already know," photos and accounts that aren't ideal either get filtered out by observers selecting cis-passing, white, gender conforming people, or just not posted publically at all. Or, as others have noted, people with more "average" results are posting about non-trans stuff and unless you share an interest it's hard to run across them, even if they're out as trans in their niche.
Coming from a fellow overthinker, that's exactly the problem.
I want to know why she's challenging a Dem seat, and at the national level, as a first run. Surely there's a state seat she could gain experience in and knock some two-bit Repub out of.
If something's right for you you're going to experience it as easier on a mental level, even if practically speaking--expense, medical procedures, discrimination--it's at best a wash. If you find living as a man is not easier that way, despite whatever advantages you've gained, then it's time to reassess.
I am so happy the US mid-Atlantic is finally experiencing winter weather. It's so much better for my health (mental AND physical) to have frozen clear air instead of 40F and soggy.
I don't really think a space meant to be supportive is the most appropriate one to ask trans men and trans afab people to challenge their discomfort with genital terminology. I see your point, but I don't find it a burden to make a content note if I'm going to be talking about my vagina, or to use front hole in a thread where it's clear that's what the other participants mostly prefer. I see this issue as one of courtesy towards people who experience more distress than me in this regard, and not as me being censored.
Going by context and trying to be sensitive to the people I'm interacting with is more important to me than challenging dysphoric people in a way that makes it harder for them to ask for help or articulate themselves. Conversations about the implications behind word choice are good to have, but not at the expense of shutting out people who aren't in a mental position to engage in them. In other words, a thread like this is great. People not putting content notes on things they personally don't think should be triggering is inconsiderate.
Please note I haven't used "trigger warning." I think the phrase is so loaded that it taints a conversation. I can't control whether other people do or don't use those specific words, so this and my other comments refer to the generic practice of giving a heads up over potentially upsetting content, whether that takes the form of a "trigger warning," "content note," "please don't use Term X when referring to me," or whatever. We are coming at this from fundamentally different viewpoints. It doesn't take much effort on my part to look at context and not be a jerk about something many trans men (and etc.) find upsetting. I don't have anything to prove about how tough I am and I'm not out to toughen up other trans people when they have enough shit to deal with in cis dominated spaces. If you find "front hole" upsetting then speak up when it's relevant and tell people not to use it for you. Saying it isn't fair you have to be considerate when no one can read your mind doesn't make sense--other people would likely give you the same consideration if they knew your preference. Aside from all that, despite the truth that vaginas are taught to be thought of as taboo in wider society, I don't think it's particularly important to deconstruct that in trans male spaces. I view it as similar to the accusation that trans people reify gender stereotypes when there are far more cis people doing the same thing who aren't asked to justify themselves. There's hundreds of millions of cis women who use "hoo-haa" and "nay-nay" because they can't bring themselves to say "vagina," but it's a tiny population with a uniquely complex relationship to their anatomy who should feel responsible for demystifying vaginas? I don't buy it.
Thank you for asking what my opposition is; it helped me sort my thoughts. My problem is, as I interpret it, OP is saying, (1) referring to vaginas (and other clinical terms) is taboo, but shouldn't be, (2) "front hole" can be offensive because (2a) it's an inaccurate description and (2b) also used misogynistically. Therefore (3) content warnings for using "vagina" (or other clinical terms) shouldn't be used here for philosophical and accuracy reasons, and (4) the expectation that someone posting here will warn for those terms is somehow censorship, even though posts that include a warning go on to use the terms! *** (1) I agree with completely. (2) I agree with, (2a) I disagree with, and (2b) is not really in dispute, though I personally haven't seen it in that context anywhere near as much as "pussy" and "cunt." (3) and (4) I disagree with. *** (2a) I disagree with because there is more than one way to describe a vagina, and if someone experiences it as an opening that extends deeper than its surface and that can contain things, they're well within their rights to call it a hole. Saying it's a muscle and only a muscle isn't consistent with the reality how it's experienced or used. Same thing with "hole" not encompassing the vulva--neither does "vagina," but tons of people still use it that way. What I'm arguing for is descriptivism instead of prescriptivism (except where actual medical precision is necessary). But this is a minor point compared to (3) and (4). (3) I disagree with because of what I said before about it not being trans men's responsibility (in trans spaces, moreover) to be more enlightened than cis women about how we talk about our genitals. Yes, referring in general to cis woman's anatomy as a "front hole" would be offensive, but no one here is talking about cis women when they use it. I actually think this thread has gone fine, and I'd much rather we have an occasional post to talk about language than have someone's post asking for help derailed. (4) Everyone is *already* using the terms they prefer for themselves. It's just that posts that use clinical terms like "vagina" usually have something like, "Warning: anatomical terms" in the title. Euphemisms like "front hole" don't generally get warned for b/c they're assumed to be what more people use, although sometimes people say something like, "Warning: genital talk" regardless of what words they use in the post. So the way things are sucks if slang terms are upsetting. But it won't change unless the people who're upset by it speak up and ask it to be warned for so they aren't surprised by it or can choose not to click, which is the same purpose warning for clinical terms serves. Ultimately, I interpreted OP as saying that because "front hole" can be offensive and isn't warned for that "vagina" shouldn't be warned for either, with a side argument that trans men should be examining why we're uncomfortable with using it. I think it makes more sense to make a note of any genital talk, and to meet people where they are in however they deal with their genitals.
I think it's weird that a couple people have made the point about trans women and "girldicks" without noting that dick is a euphemism and vagina is a clinical term. Plenty of guys use words like "boy pussy" and "manhole," which would be more analogous. I don't actually see a lot of trans women referring to "girl penis."
Very high proportion of non-binary+genderqueer, and no transsexuals. Interesting.
Noooooooo
I try not to duplicate things across genders (except gloves and socks. can never have too many). But it's okay to indulge a little private wardrobe rebellion. :)
I did a quick scroll and didn't see any user-entries for transsexual, but I could've missed some. I use transgender as a social category/demographic I fit, but since changing my body has been so significant for me I feel closer to transsexual as an identity than transgender. I usually just fudge it and say trans, though.
Yeah, it was. I quit growing early, I started bleeding early, I "filled out" early. The whole thing was bullshit.
Thanks for clarifying. I missed it when it was open so I didn't see the format.
I hope you get a decent reviewer who sets this right. You've done everything in your power with this goal in mind.
It will take a toll on you mentally from the effort, the hiding your identity, and your trauma. Do you have the social support (friends, family, therapist, partner, group) to help you get through it? If you don't I wouldn't even consider it.
Are you wanting to be read as a woman on a regular basis? People do go on E and continue to present as men.
Remember this is the sub that bullied u/thattawnygirl to literal tears. (username may be misspelled)
A lot of my role models are women. Coaches I've had, a teacher or two, friends. For men, my grad school advisor, some friends, and a few men I know primarily through their blogs. Famous people are hard because celebrity culture runs right through my brain without me retaining names or details. But for men, Patrick Stewart and Mr. Rogers have both made an impression on me. There's probably a dozen women I could name if I went through my bookmarks for articles I've saved about people, but due to the forementioned I have zero names coming to mind.
Yep!
The fact is these people exist. Twisting their words around to play Dysphoria! Gotcha! is erasing and rude, and more importantly they're a tiny minority so insisting they Do Too toe the line is completely irrelevant to the larger struggle for trans rights. *Enough* of us deal with dysphoria that we already have critical mass. Non-dysphoric trans people are still living as trans people in the world. They're still transitioning, they're still coming out, they're still dealing with legal and social changes, they're still contributing to activism. All of which has more impact than whether they call themselves dysphoric or not. I honestly don't understand why this keeps coming up when the obvious, and easier, answer is to let these people be.
Thank you so much for all the effort you've put into sharing your experience!
This has been happening for as long as internet forums have existed, sadly. It's too tempting to ask people to just give you information, to the point where some people get offended if you suggest they search the archive *of the forum they're on.* In addition, people who do a lot of research as a matter of course are very much in the minority.
I don't care what your personal criteria are. Don't use it here.
Hey, take out the slur, please.
I like "other." I prefer "decline to state," but if they're going to force me to state, I prefer a word that highlights the absurdity of asking in the first place. "Other" is as close to a non-answer answer as it gets.
Whatever the current equivalent of a mix tape is (mix playlist?), that's a less gendered gesture if you're wanting to definitely do something. Personally I think any of that stuff on a first (or second!) date is pretty over the top no matter the genders involved, but you're the one talking to him so you have a better idea what he may like. It would be cute if you both showed up with flowers, though!
There's a line of thought that women doms are still serving male fantasies, so men in handcuffs is like double reverse secret sexism, because as we all know, women have no sexual agency, never ever ever.
Perceptions can change even if you know (via measurements, for example) that reality hasn't. This is normal even for cis people, and for things that have nothing to do with gender. For example, if you feel bloated, you may think you look bloated, even if your pants are fitting fine (suggesting that whatever might be going on internally, external dimensions haven't changed). Nobody sees their body completely consistently all the time, and bodies aren't completely consistent all the time either. Our physiology has buffer zones built in so that we stay within a range, not at a precise point. Between all the interactions, sometimes things look different when they're not, and sometimes they actually are a little different. My own determination of, "Is this dypshoria?" is that when I feel distress I ask (1) is this perception within range of variation--is what I'm seeing something that could plausibly be there--and (2) is there a sexed element to it. Edit to add.
It's not realistic to think you can control what you do and don't get with T and when it comes. A dose high enough to promote muscle and bodyfat changes will eventually masculinize you to the point where being read consistently as a man will almost certainly happen whether you'd like it or not. Maybe that's what you actually want, but with time to adjust. It's unclear what your actual goals are in terms of realizing an identity.
*The hip thing happened to me too.* It doesn't get brought up much compared to other things. It was like suddenly they were connected with my brain and what had been laughably awkward and frustrating "thrusting" just *clicked.*
She sounds like a peach.
The last time I tried a group--admittedly a long time ago--I found it completely unhelpful. I would never suggest a person not TRY them, but I also don't really think there's benefit in trying to make it work for you if it just isn't.
I'm glad for you, honestly. No part of being trans has improved any part of my life or person. If it had, maybe I would feel differently. If I hadn't been abused as a child and had to unlearn unhealthy coping behaviors and learn to emotion as a young adult, when I was also faced with the full impact of trans stuff, I might have had a better outlook on it from the start. I believe that if I were a binary man, my outlook would be more positive. Existing-but-not-really is soul-draining, and sucks away any desire or energy to view the wider state of existing-as-trans as something positive. I struggle constantly with the conviction that there is nothing wrong with being trans and it's the world that's at fault, and the endless shitty ways the world tells me it's perfectly happy with itself and I can go hang. Dealing with being trans has taken money, time, energy, and life away from me that I could have spent on other things, like focusing on my trauma therapy, learning, volunteering, socializing, and spending time with family. I won't get any of that back, and I don't feel I have much to show for it except that my transness is less intrusive and less traumatizing than it used to be, and that I'm still fucking here.
Shortish, solid, and energetic, just like the rest of me. ;)
"Have less self-respect" is not something any trans person needs to hear.
My surgery got me flat *enough* to relieve dysphoria. The rest is aesthetics, which sometimes bothers me but mostly is a complete non-issue. Your body, your choice.
What kind of fundraiser did the pirates throw? A yarrrrrrrd sale
Ah. Yeah. I wasn't using it in the umbrella sense. Literally it was an asterisk to the footnote at the bottom.
I saw the post in question too. It was a critique. You're conflating critique with critical, and maybe this was part of the reason so many of the comments seemed appreciative. A point by point comparison is a critique. He thought it was appropriate to steal a photo and scrutinize a trans person's genitals against the cis ideal in a public space. If he had wanted to point out how similar to cis genitals phalloplasty is--which is what a lot of debunking phalloplasty myths boils down to--he could have done so by text alone. If he had wanted to include a photo, he could have found a public one from a surgeon's website. That he meant to be complimentary doesn't matter. That he meant to help doesn't matter. Who was he trying to help? He certainly wasn't thinking about the person whose picture he stole when he stole it. Why is it being unfair to this poster to say what he did was wrong, but not unfair to the people who won't be willing now to share their results, or unfair to the people who now won't have the chance to see those results or hear firsthand accounts? Nothing about his choices here is acceptable, and frankly? Trans men have done a lot to hurt themselves with their attitudes and actions towards genital surgery. When you view the situation over time, it's clear behavior doesn't improve unless expectations are set.
As I said below, that fact that he was giving praise is not positive, nor did it make the post any less of a critique. In fact, by acknowledging that the poster drew a conclusion about the photos, you are acknowledging that a critique did occur.
That was something that could have been done without a photo, or with a photo from the public domain. Moreover, secondhand conclusions about the worth of someone's genitals with cis genitals used as the measuring stick--because that is what "natural" and "functional" are codewords for--is not acceptable *even if the conclusions are positive.* Letting people decide for themselves how natural or functional their own genitals are is literally in the rules of this forum.
This is not tumblr. Stop projecting one site's culture idiosyncracies on another.
&gt; any critique, good or bad, makes a judgmental environment, one where everyone must be much more self-conscious. That's what I was getting at. Even if you're saying, "It looks so good!" it's not good idea unless it's solicited. It's like when we disclose to someone and their response is, "You pass so well!" or "I never would've known!" Technically those are compliments. Practically--the person did not disclose to you for your opinion on the success of their transition (which is almost always based on how close you/your penis/etc. come to looking cis).
Be less of a jackass.
"We totally support detransitioned women!"
You seem completely aware of the compromises you're making, and I'm sorry so many people are telling you things you already know! If you decide on a different path in the future, I'm sure it will also be something you've thought about a lot beforehand.
Please read the sidebar of a subreddit you're posting to before you post to it. This very explicitly isn't a discussion board. If you search the archives of r/asktransgender there are several very long threads on Dolezal.
If you still have ovaries, stopping T will result in slow, partial demasculinzation. It might take a couple years to reach a point where you feel androgynous enough to be comfortable. But going by accounts of detransitioners, this does slowly happen. Keep in mind, however, it's not just your face that changes back. Muscle and fat distribution and all other reversible changes go as well. If you're just wanting a less masculine face, be aware you'll be getting everything else along with it.
what is there to know besides how babby is formed? /s
Sure. It's tough. I prefer my face less masculine but too low a T dose and my dysphoria comes back. It's always compromises.
Making fun of them, duh.
This has been my position for a long time and I find nothing to disagree with in the article. Good find.
&gt; Nothing they can say about me is worse than what I've thought about myself Oof, truth
Great comment.
People're gonna tell you to consider that you're non-binary, which is totally cool, but I want to speak to social vs physical dysphoria. I had to adjust to being seen as male because medical transition was what helped me when everything else didn't. It's okay to feel unsure or upset about being gendered male. It doesn't make any other dysphoria you have any less meaningful or deserving of treatment. Unfortunately for those of us with mismatched dysphorias there usually ends up being some compromise. I encourage you to hang in there and explore your feelings while on HRT. You can always stop, but if you don't stay on long enough to collect enough "data" you'll never know if it could have helped and be left wondering, which seems to be part of your story wrt the multiple times you've tried being on T.
Great comment, thank you.
The lived experience of people is accumulating to contradict a strict trans/cis binary. I don't really like the spectrum concept because it implies linearity, and if we're going to be accurate, how people do gender doesn't usually fit well into a linear model.
Sure. I hope you find a place that's good for you.
I never had a problem with them leaking. You have to get them in the right place, which can vary a little from person to person, but you can tell when it is pretty easily.
It's technically consistent, but you don't see them going after cis women who get implants, who are (obviously) the overwhelming majority.
Feels no real!
Is this for a paper, for an organization your friend works for, for a magazine article? These are open response questions that will take some time to answer. Knowing what you're using it for may encourage participation.
My dick
I don't see it talked about that often, but you're definitely not alone.
That would also fit on a license plate ;)
Edit: goddamnit reddit i hate your shitty formatting - 35 - Pro-choice, for reasons of bodily autonomy that are also strongly tied to other social justice issues. - It's focused on cis women because they're the overwhelming majority who needs it, which is fine with me provided they take the necessary steps to make trans people feel safe and provide competent care as they would with any other minority. It's impossible to comment on the movement at large re: trans inclusiveness. The PPs I've had occasion to visit had inclusive paper forms but their online scheduling software doesn't. The PP providers were trans aware and trans competent, including when they didn't know something and admitted it instead of giving bad information. They didn't ask prurient questions. Experiences with RHC outside of PP have been mixed. - Making forms inclusive, including "organ possession" checklists, e.g. "Please check the box if you have the following organs. In the space beside, please include any parts not listed here, additional terms you use and any concerns you have that you want to address today." Having competent staff and procedures, including consistent names/pronouns, up-to-date information on studies of trans male health, and procedures for coding and billing that take into account the contradictions we can have between our bodies' needs and our ID. Keeping information neutral, preferably by writing in the second person, e.g. a pamphlet titled, "Your Options For Hormonal Birth Control," instead of "Hormonal Birth Control For People Who Can Get Pregnant" or a medical poster titled, "Organs of the Menstrual Cycle" instead of "The Female Reproductive System." Neutral language has its place, but third person needent be used as often as it is. If you're there reading the titles on the brochure wall, you already know which ones apply to you. Smaller things like facility decor and patient dress. Having trans positive posters up along with ones about pregnancy, HIV, HPV, etc, is important to remind cis people (staff AND other patients) that we're around and need the same respect and level of care as anyone else. In other words, a poster about trans men in the waiting room is going to lower the chances that someone will look shocked or make comments when a man is called to the exam room. And having all the same color scrubs, having both gowns and pants, and letting people choose what they want, appropriate to the procedure, of course. - I had no sex education. I went to a religious school and we learned two things: basic anatomy, and don't have sex (until you're married, then have lots of it without birth control). Basically anything would be better than what I got. Explaining trans issues such as sterility, reproductive options, safer sex with a trans body, puberty on HRT, and resources such as local groups would be, well, I'd have loved to have had that. - My concerns would not be about the clinic but about managing my own mental health until the procedure was done. Clinics should understand that a greater percentage of trans men may find unwanted pregnancies highly traumatic as compared to cis women and have trans competent counseling and resources available. - I handle a lot of my health care by presenting as an exceptionally butch woman instead of disclosing (my ID still says F). I feel safer handling potential homophobia than disclosing and the world of potential negative experiences that can entail. So for example in the mammography waiting room I might get some "dyke" glances, but no "wtf" stares. I went through several gynecologists (building a medical history along the way) before I found one willing to operate on me and that I was willing to disclose to. She asked me, I confirmed, she said she would put it in my file for her staff but code it without any mention of trans (this was before trans surgeries had any sort of coverage), and that was about it. This veers away from reproductive health, but quite frankly we all need competent primary care and speciality doctors too. I would love to feel able to stop shaving my chest for doctor's appointments, but without any sign of trans competency or even awareness, I try to go to doctors with good reputations for competency and just deal. It's not only reproductive care where we desperately need improvement. I bull my way through doctor's appointments, but I know there are men out there who avoid getting care because they aren't willing (or able) to be misgendered, and they fear transphobia. We *need* to be able to trust *all* our doctors. - I happen to be non-binary, and all of this applies to non-binary people too. Often non-binary people don't even want a different name or pronouns, but feeling safe to disclose facilitates a better working relationship with medical providers. Conversely, some non-binary people physically transition (as I have), and having providers that aren't thrown off by that, well, let's just say I'd like to have had many more I *have* had. - Depends on where it's being published whether I'd want my username or anonymous.
Sounds painful
I can try but I'm only one little flair.
Does the facility have a patient advocate office, or a department you could make a complaint or file an appeal to?
Your friend is wrong and the best thing you can do is live your life without trying to convince her. She'll either see your maleness is authentic to you or she won't.
*EVEN WITHOUT* RELIGION? Unpossible.
You'll be fine. Once your shots are regular and your levels are steady you'll see progress.
I never said I wanted it. Keep it, *please.*
I'd think both, b/c I'd condense the definition to "aroused by the thought of being a man with another man."
It's like the sun, the moon, the shining stars. It's a trickle of water caught in sunlight and splayed in rainbow across a dark cave wall. It's a sunset of a million colors in the desert sky. It's wind coming off the ocean. It's hurty in a tingly, pressure-y way and you feel like you're constantly hard, but the sensitivity means you have to treat yourself with kid gloves for a bit. I enjoyed the hell out of it, but many people find it painful or annoying.
Trauma and abuse delayed my ability to recognize and begin to address my trans issues. The specifics of the abuse infuenced some of the details but it didn't create my transness out of whole cloth.
Hell no, that only brings wrestling pigs to mind.
Fwiw I find a lot of posts tagged 'Other Pic' and 'Celebratory' are either selfies or like, pictures of a vial of T. The selfies tag has really improved the clutter but I think there's a good many mistags.
Obviously not. Cis women's sexual thoughts are known to be fragile and benign, as two feathers on the surface of a pond coming together to touch briefly before drifting away. Biologically incapable of being anything but harmless.
Cool, thanks
Yes, it is racist.
Didn't see it, but here's some more discussion: http://www.lawyersgunsmoneyblog.com/2018/03/political-history-future-altered-carbon
I asked about this a while ago; you might find the thread helpful. https://www.reddit.com/r/FTMMen/comments/8ablx3/were_you_ever_not_binary_what_changed/
You're kinda screwed because the world is not set up to recognize passing women as women. I transitioned because I needed my body to be more male and less female. I can't relate to feeling female except in a weird, meta way that I sometimes try to explore without success. But as far as social interactions, being seen as a man was a side effect I adjusted to only grudgingly. If T could do what it did but I continued to be read as a woman I think that would've been preferable. But having my body be livable was more important.
I meant in the sense of people who're read as men because of their preferred appearance but consider themselves to be women. It would be nice to be able to state that and have it respected without safety concerns. I think it would be interesting to have the body I do and be able to relate to it sexually as female. Sometimes outside of sexuality I feel like as a masculinized female body it looks pretty good. But sexually, I was totally unable to relate to its femaleness and that was causing me significant distress, which transition relieved. It makes more sense to me to consider my body male because in its mix of sex traits the ones that're significant to my well-being all need to be more male than female. Re: being read as a woman, I had made a niche for myself as a woman and was attached to it. I didn't really want to be read as a man but it came with the body. My social gender changing was a side effect of my sex change, to reword your sentence. It's something that took a long time to adjust to, but I've come to a place where I regard it pretty neutrally, i.e. no better or worse than being read as a woman in most circumstances.
Meta: It's really interesting to me how when someone who considers themselves male and non-dysphoric talks about their transition, they get interrogated for experiences that others can interpret as dysphoria, and have their claim to transness questioned. But when someone who considers themselves female and non-dysphoric talks about their transition, their claim of no dysphoria is taken at face value and their claim to cis-ness isn't challenged, even though the operant belief in the first circumstance is that preferring different sex traits is a form of dysphoria, and it's a common belief more generally that transition, especially HRT, will make a cis person dysphoric. There are more things in heaven and earth, etc.
Got to it before I did.
This is a step in that direction, imo.
Delightful. Ghouls.
This is A+ real life trolling....right?
As others have said, I wouldn't have this person in my life unless I had to.
They did a whole second DI, then? I was hoping I could get away with a revision being less invasive, but maybe not. Thanks!
Ah! That's exactly what I thought would work, taking a wedge to reposition and trim without puckering. I'd need excision for the dogears but that's around the side and wouldn't touch the existing scar lines. Thanks so much for sharing. It makes me hopeful to know what I need to ask for isn't out of the ordinary.
There's a question I haven't seen in a while.
Yeah, this. Super sketch.
Flared and tapered
I didn't experience soreness before or after. However, my overall nip sensitivity increased.
"Coming down" after a good experience is always rough on me. I have to watch my thought patterns to make sure they don't suddenly dip.
5-6 years. Not a typo.
r/nonbinary and r/genderqueer might appeal to you.
Also, if you search the sub for "breast implants" I know there's a guy who got them removed. It's definitely possible.
"average natal female writes 3 mpreg a year" factoid actualy just statistical error. average natal female writes 0 mpreg per year. Anime TiF, who lives in cave &amp; writes over 10,000 each day, is an outlier adn should not have been counted
I'm eventually changing mine to my mom's maiden name (so is she; it's part of erasing my father from our lives). Do you have a relative you're close to that may appreciate it?
That's nice and all, but unless she's going to continue covering trans stories and do them better it doesn't mean much. Retracting that study on vaccines and autism years after publication didn't do shit because the damage was done. Same here.
https://jezebel.com/whats-jesse-singals-fucking-deal-1826930495?
I agree with justsomeftmdude that you should look into online therapy. It can be done via chat, video chat, or email, and is more confidential than having to go to someone in person. There's an awful lot going on here and no one here is qualified to help you sort it out.
Assuming either a reasonable risk of complications or magic, yes. But the first thing I'd do would be get snipped. edit: a word
I guess Kael T. Block is the manliest ftm of all.
I have a real birds' nest wrt to these things. Not dating anyone until I'm reasonably sure my problems won't tank something good.
The thicker the wetsuit, the more smoothed lines will be. Unless you're warm water diving, a full 5-7 and a 2-3 shorty isn't overkill, and that much neoprene just makes everyone look like a shapeless lump. Also, men's suits will compress you more on the lower half b/c they aren't cut for hips. Also also, your BC is going to obscure most of your torso anyway.
Yeah, I have to say I'm surprised at most of the other answers.
You have to remember that so much of fandom blogging and writing is performed for other fans who interact with the writer/blogger and that influences what's acceptable in content and approach to trans characters WAY more than consideration for trans people.
Well, I question the assumption that students would perceive whatever changes as "non-binary traits" as opposed to increased androgyny or femininity. Is the important thing the "non-binary" or the relaxation of or step away from masculinity? How your students react is going to depend on your field and the school culture. I don't think I would expect a good reaction from undergrads at any rate.
Is it possible to bring a trans-competent therapist into consult with your team? They might either be aware of better programs, or at least be able to impress upon the others how important it is that you get respectful care.
You don't. If you want to change minds, do it in real life and carefully decide that someone is capable of change before spending effort on them.
Welcome here! Thanks for sharing your story.
Comment to hopefully give a little bump.
With projection like that she could make a lot of money showing movies.
My facial hair is incredibly soft (once it gets past the day-and-a-half bristle phase). It's probably the softest hair I've got.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Comprehensive and thoughtful post. Thank you.
When I try to reload without https, I get this redirect: https://genderanalysis.net/rapid-onset-gender-dysphoria-rogd/ That the intention?
Yeah, I know. I just wasn't sure if she meant the redirect or if there was meant to be a spoof page.
It looks proportional to my body, but yeah, I went from very breasty DDs to little manboobs. On the other hand, my sensation is perfect in my nipples, and no numb spots anywhere else.
Yeah, it does. I meant to have a revision, but life happened. I'm 5'4''and broad: 48" shoulders, 40 chest, 36 waist, 37 hips. My breasts had a lot of mass around the side, so I also have dogears. The dogears are the worse of the two aesthetically, I feel.
Are they going to test you for testosterone? That's a very specific test that'd need to be ordered separately from drug tests
The worst she could do is say no, right?
Keep trying doctors until you find one who takes you seriously. In short: don't give up and don't settle.
My feelings have not been dulled, but my (ongoing, PTSD-related, existing prior to T) depression makes it harder to write. I've shifted over the course of several years from writing daily in smaller amounts to maybe twice weekly in larger amounts. I also started voice journaling because it's something I can do in small chunks contemporaneously to whatever feelings provoke the desire to journal.
Not everyone gets the "feeling right" feeling. I noticed several internal improvements early on, but I was in a bad place when I started T, and it took me several years on a low dose to accept that yes, it helps. Had I been in a better place, I could have acknowledged that much earlier. I empathize with feeling as though there's no great choices. Only you can decide what compromises are most acceptable to you.
Interesting to split it up like that. Thanks for replying. Speedy healing to you!
No direct links to that sub. Screenshot with usernames blacked out, please.
Don't think too hard about labels. If there's a way to hate trans people, they'll do it. That's about it.
What use is classism if you can't insult the poors?
Trade you. Blonde beards are hella attractive.
Get enough sleep and don't eat only junk. It's fun as well as work, but constantly getting rundown and sick is a great way to suck the fun out of it and make getting the work done 10x harder.
The world is full of chubby men.
"All according to plan."
nopetopus.gif
&gt; they’re all NB. They make "gotcha" posts claiming exactly this with some frequency. They seem to believe it's clever.
You answered your own question. You can't choose what you get, how much you get, or what order you get it. If you are prepared to hope for what you want but take what you get, trying T may be a good idea. If you're not and what you get is not what you wanted, it's going to be a negative experience. The major advantage of a lower dose is that everything that's going to happen is going to happen more slowly, so you have time to adjust and consider how you feel.
It must be so tiresome maintaining that worldview in the presence of so much real life complexity.
"Solve the problem" is such a nice, benign turn of phrase.
The dude who started the scam website in 2006 or so is still going? Or just some guys who think mainlining herbs and going to the gym is morally superior to Big Pharma^TM?
Yes, thank you.
They're asking if you're going to have The Surgery, whatever they think The Surgery means.
Gender continues not to make sense to me, but my body makes much more sense to me as male.
The uterus was way worse than my ovaries, tbh. I was aware of it non-stop.
Please say cis when you mean cis. "Biological" is misleading.
Have you looked into finasteride for hair loss?
People without dysphoria generally don't bother answering explaining themselves because it always turns into a dogpile.
While we're at it, I want a pony.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ Do some research on your blithe why-can't-we's.
&gt; I respect the fact that it helps other people feel better. You obviously don't, or you wouldn't be talking about their genitals like they're fair exhibits for you to judge.
Wow, five whole minutes with four query strings.
(1) It's a bucket of often crappy compromises for all of us, so language about "X is easier for Y" is pointless and alienating. (2) Testosterone is a hormone like any other. Ascribing it magic powers of passing or poisoning contributes to (1).
Hm. I really feel you on the lowering T affects depression thing. I can say that if it were me I'd be concerned that not being able to manage the depression would lead to things like not being able to exercise--&gt;unwanted fat redistribution--&gt;dysphoria--&gt;worse depression. If I had to stop, I would put it off until I had as good a depression management plan as possible, and consider being off a non-permanent decision, pending how I was able to manage emotionally, and future potential approaches to hair loss.
No pings, please.
only when I'm looking at pants to be hemmed.
It used to be but it may have gotten jettisoned during some edit. I'll check.
Is there a compelling reason your shitheel father is still in your life? As for your friend, why are you worrying now about meeting him ten years from now when it may not even happen and if it does you have ten years to figure it out?
Is there a version for 'Gay trans men don't exist, but females are whiny bitches so something something yaoi?" The curiosity, it burns.
Improved my baseline mood but didn't "cure" my depression. Didn't change the quality or quantity of how I experience emotions.
My fingernails got thicker and stopped cracking and tearing. A++
You're on the right track. Building a new support system that can support you both in the things you now go to her for, and in the actual withdrawing from her.
Woof!
There are testosterone pills. It's still a different thing from gorging on Rocky Mountain oysters and imagining you're hormonally transitioning.
It's bunk. Without HRT your T won't go over female levels. Eat healthy, lift, make yourself feel good. If someone's body changes and they're happier and less dysphoric, great. It's legit to consider that a kind of transition. But it is not equivalent to HRT, which is what "natural transition" implies; nor is HRT any more "unnatural" than stuffing oneself full of supplements and micromanaging one's diet to "eat" "natural T." It is misinformation and it is wrong to promote, but the world has never lacked for charlatans.
Women using male pronouns out of expedience or within their own communities has a very long history. People read as women using male pronouns may well be trans men or non-binary and appear the way they do out of necessity or choice. Either way it's no one else's business.
Screenshot and repost, please. Direct links only to approved subs.
It's always easier to stop judging others than it is to stop judging yourself. I would start that way--by working to be less judgmental of trans people. It might or might not change how you feel about yourself, but even if it doesn't you'll still be a kinder person for it.
I'm sorry, too, you're dealing with memory loss in a relative. It's wrenching without the trans stuff thrown on top, and so much worse with it.
For sale here, with more nice photos: https://www.ebay.com/itm/JOHN-HAMON-MILLER-GLASS-MARBLE-1-320-AFRICAN-VIOLET-W-GOLD-LUTZ-THREADS-LAVENDER/132893744182?hash=item1ef1159c36:g:Ow8AAOSwrmRb8y8o:rk:10:pf:0 (Not my marble, not my sale)
Try r/asktransgender's archives.
Yep, it is. Sometimes it's just assumed by what section of the store they're in, but sometimes they're monitored by "dressing room attendants." That was more of a thing in the past, where they counted the clothes you went in and came out with to try to prevent shoplifting, but it functioned as a gender barrier too.
Well, what else is a feeeemale body but a uterus life support system?
Liking that brave new world, Serena?
I have no numb areas, no pain, no adhesions. No disjointed areas. I feel the breeze, cool sheets, fuzzy blankets, soft shirts. My chest feels 100% part of me.
I'll try to say something here later, but you're not alone.
Gunnerkrigg is still running! I see Sleepless Domain has already been mentioned. Stand Still, Stay Silent is post-plague-apoc in Scandinavia with magical elements. Wilde Life is urban fantasy horror in a rural setting. Three Panel Soul is alive but updates irregularly. Scary Go Round has ended, yeah. Awful Hospital is heart-tugging gross-out adventure and run like an RPG, although it's perfectly readable straight up. Daughter of the Lilies is about a sad, shy, mercenary mage with a hidden past. It has some minor hints of themes deriving from liberal Christianity if you're sensitive to that. How To Be A Werewolf is cute and amusing but hasn't hit its stride wrt plot yet, imo. Those are the ones I check weekly at this point.
Where you headed?
&gt; I notice on their subs that a lot of them claim to have breast cancer. Breast cancer is extremely rare for a man, let alone for an entire sub of men. Just as a general observation, breasts are lumpy and full of weird textures. Someone who's lived a while without breasts and then grows them is probably going to be extra aware of them and all their little lumps until they figure out what's normal for their body. "Could this be cancer?" is not something we laugh at when cis women are worried about some breast-weirdness they feel. It's only--what's the word?--*humane* not to laugh at trans women who are learning what is normal for having breasts. But they wouldn't know much about humanity.
I learned this as a kid and decades later I'm still mad about it.
For some reason I want to open an etsy shop with adorable clothes for penises.
I'm so glad you got to have that experience!
I was (and am) on cream, and titrated up instead of down until my period stopped. I was lucky that it only took about 20mg/wk (approximate based on 10% absoprtion of applied dose). One thing I discovered was that ovary shutdown=/=lack of bleeding. I could tell I still had a cycle by other symptoms, but there was no menstruation. At that low of a dose, however, missing more than a couple days allowed bleeding to start. If I were in your shoes I would taper down in 10mg steps with at least two weeks at each step to allow the body to adjust to the new level. If you drop too fast bleeding could start suddenly and you'll have a harder time calibrating the minimum necessary to keep it stopped.
Thank you so much for sharing this. There's a real lack of experiences from bigger guys.
Thanks for making me aware of this. I'm excited there's a man of color and a non-binary person in it.
Every medication I've been on triggers a bunch of weird(er than usual) dreams for the first week to month I'm on it. I'm sorry the dream you got was a nghtmare, but the good thing is it should taper off as your body and mind adjust to your new hormone levels.
I had buttonhole/pedicle DI over a decade ago. My pain was minimal. I took the prescribed opiods the first two nights, more to help me sleep than for pain. Other than that I only used some ibuprofen. I started regaining sensation almost immediately, but full recovery took over a year. I have no numb spots and my nipples have sensation.
ctrl-f'd and didn't "butch" in the thread, so related but slightly OT.... I try to be aware how widely experiences can differ, but I have yet to be able to square the various claims of RF detransitioners that until finding radical feminism they had no idea being a nonfeminine woman was a possibility.
She posted stuff that was traceable to in-person, offline conversations? Creepy as hell.
What has helped me is looking at what good traits I tend to take for granted in women and actively looking for them in men (in real life. I find limited utility in looking to celebrities, apart from Mr. Rogers, although a lot of people do find it useful.). They're there and they're often not that hard to find. It's complicated by the power differential of sexism and the broken way men tend to be taught to handle their emotions, but I had to break my own assumptions of what men are like emotionally to come to terms with the fact that the body I need to live peacefully is going to get me read as a man--and that what other people see doesn't make who I am inside different or less valuable.
It made it way easier for me. There was a learning curve because sensations do feel different and I had to learn how to touch differently, but it wasn't an unpleasant experience to gently experiment. If something felt wrong, I'd stop for awhile and try again later. When I got things figured out it was so much LESS work than it used to be.
Yeah, imagine how cool the pope could make us sound if he were on our side.
Feels.
Hey--this got caught in the spam queue last night. If you'd like to re-post to get more eyeballs on it, feel free. Remember to add a flair.
If there were an award for understatement you'd win it.
Your experience is exactly the reason we discourage interacting with TERFs. I'm sorry you went through it. This is definitely off topic, though, so I'm going to remove it now. Not as punishment but for the sake of whomever might read it and think, "I could do better; I could reach them." Seriously, folks...not even once.
A bunch of newbies over the past 36 hours or so is all.
Removed b/c duplicate
I have no idea what happened to them (or what pronoun they may be using now), and IIRC they were a polarizing person in their time, but hobbitkaiju, nee hobbitdragon, used to have anatomically accurate work.
I don't know how it's set up but our sidebar literally begins with "Content warning: All posts in this sub will likely contain transphobia, either mockery or link to actual transphobia." So absent context, it's not exactly wrong. With context, of course, it's just hilarious.
For the love of god, don't get a gun "for protection" unless you're wiling to train extensively with it and work to be psychologically prepared to kill a human being. The statistics show a gun is far more likely to be taken away from you and used against you than you ever are likely to be "a good guy with a gun." I live in Appalachia in a county that went 76% for Trump, and that percentage is *lower* than the surrounding counties. It's not MN so I can't compare directly but people here care far more about race than anything lgbt. As long as you're white (I am) and low key about queer and trans stuff (ditto, b/c the community here is super small), you don't get guff from anyone. It's my experience that people would rather ignore than confront. If you are firm about your pronouns from the start people will probably be varying degrees of uncomfortable but not hostile.
I'm going with God-complex for 800, Alex.
Poland. You forgot Poland.
Alright, so going by your post and what you've said in comments, what do you want out of transition and specifically what do you want from being on T? There more going on here than your period.
Congrats!!
HOLY WOOF
The straight woman telling the lesbian that her best friend's hate-crime-murderers were ackshually gay is really, really special.
Rule 7, please.
https://www.allergan.com/contact Phone numbers on the right side. Best to get it from the source.
Yep, was a little curly, now much curlier.
I admit I chuckled
&gt; “even if I was alone with your niece I wouldn’t help her out of her underwear. Sorry, she’d sit in piss until you got home, I’m not taking a little girl’s underwear off who isn’t my daughter.” Mike Pence, is that yoiu?
Removed because duplicate: https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCynical/comments/c5fjvn/terfs_arent_even_above_bullying_children/
Multi-stall bathrooms with locked exterior doors? WTactualF.
Do *not* encourage participation. It's sub policy, and reddit TOS views it as bridgading.
Went to grade school with one in the 80s-90s. Still the only one I've known.
Nancy Reagan it, lady.
If my books weren't all in boxes in a house 5 states away I would take a picture, lol.
Not unless the GCers recommending psychedelics to cure the trans got the idea from him.
Cranks always seem to think it's literally magical instead of a chemical that does chemical things.
I think for such a term to be useful you need to more precisely define what experiences and issues you want it to describe. "Experiences of sexism specific to nonconformity with or rejection of female sex assignment" is hella broad.
If it affects your life the way you've described it's not normal. I was told mine was normal, too. There's a lot of prejudice in the medical system. You have to keep pushing and seeking someone who takes you seriously, or make yourself such a pain in the ass they give you what you need.
I'm not saying it's confirmation bias, but...
I wish. It might be a silver lining to an otherwise miserable experience.
I think there are two issues here that would be easier to deal with if separated. The first is getting your friend's pronouns and etc right, which if you've known him a long time is just going to be a matter of practicing pausing to remember before you refer to him, until it becomes second nature. You don't really need to know what makes a man a man to do this. The second thing is a good thing to think about but not necessary to basic respect. I think your line, "How can I think of someone as a man if I don’t even know what that means?" is what's gotten you downvoted.
You look fantastic. Hope the lifting is treating you well!
Imagine a string coming out of the top of your head that's pulling you upwards. Your spine is straight and your body to either side of it is supporting you but not tensed up. Whenever you find yourself slouching, gently pull the string to bring yourself up straight again.
There's a throbbing, a sense of increasing outward pressure, an awareness of "presence." Sounds to me like you're getting them, yeah.
I'm so glad you're doing better. I don't know if it helps, but pretty much everyone at the gym has the same fears and is too preoccupied with their own anxieties to notice anyone else's body.
I love this framing!
It's okay, I had the tab up and refreshed, so I saw it. Cheers.
It's your surgery. She's an ex. She has no say here.
You mentioned atrophy but not estrogen. Have they tried localized E? I understand vaginectomy wanting to feel like a free choice, but you have to weigh the pros/cons. Is occasional penetration that sort of feels good worth long term pain?
If you're consciously motivated by kindness, you wouldn't last long there.
What a great way to spend the money you're not giving to Planned Parenthood!
Yes. This is above the internet's pay grade.
Is your therapist working with you specifically on trauma? You're afraid to have feelings because you were abused for having them in the past. It doesn't feel safe to transition because transitioning is giving you the feelings you were abused for. It's a long process to learn how to recognize that you are safe and relearn how feelings work.
It's possible for therapy to give you tools to cope with dysphoria. Therapy will not make dysphoria go away in almost any case. It is not wise to assume it will even substantially reduce it.
Y I K E S
&gt; I feel like telling someone their identity is wrong and that they're just a fetishist warrants being called [bitches and cunts]. No, it does not. GTFO, and if I could ban every upvoter they would be gone too.
Putting your mouth on another mouth: passionate Putting your mouth on sexy parts: cold and degrading
Two year old post, doesn't mention anything to do with trans. Keep it topical and on topic, please.
I'm disappointed that this isn't from World's Greatest Soccer Mom, but I'm sure she'll come around by the election.
I was functionally asexual until my early 20s due to abuse and resulting repression. But as soon as I realized I had sexual attractions, it was obvious I was bi.
Have you ever had gallbladder issues?
&gt; YOUR VAGINA WILL BE MORE VAGINA I'm dying.
They say that but then immediately fall back to relying on femininity performance as proof of "self-acceptance." e.g. They will say there's nothing wrong with a girl not shaving her legs, but when an trans-IDed afab teen shaves his legs, it "proves" he's accepting his femaleness.
Looking forward to all those *female milestones*!!!
Don't restrict calories. Your body needs them to heal.
It's a very, very white state. As a (white) recent transplant from a Mid-Atlantic town that makes periodically national news for its racism, it's whiter than where I came from but so far much less "closed" feeling. I haven't had strange white folks try to buddy-buddy with me with coded remarks about POC, something that used to happen often. I moved to a rural area and haven't made a lot of friends yet, but I'm not real extroverted so I went in expecting it to take a while. From what I've seen and read the overt racists tend to make asses of themselves and if you look for the people criticizing them you'll find the good people. I would say visit the towns you're considering and get a feel for them before committing to any given one.
Document all of this. Corroborate it with all the witnesses you can. Speak to the people you know are in your corner. Speak candidly with your supportive manager about your desire to stay in the job and how this ongoing situation is affecting you. See if she will stick her neck out for you instead of you going to the CEO yourself.
&gt; I'm sure you all remember that post in asktransgender where a trans man said being attracted to women and trans men was invalidating and the entire comments were saying that one cannot dictate sexuality and purposely missed the point being made. That's the flipside of refusing to consider that rejecting someone for "just a preference" is transphobic.
Thank you for your comments here.
It's because they don't see trans women as women, and because they headcanon women as inherently safe. This really isn't a place for questions, though, so I'm sorry but I have to remove this.
"Transgenderedereded"
If you are that dissociated from your chest now, surgery is probably not going to make you feel connected it to automatically. From your body's point of view, surgery is a traumatic injury. Its resources are going towards physical healing. You're going to have to consciously devote some effort to connecting to your chest and appreciating your changed body. Some ways to do this are developing realistic expectations pre-surgery, e.g. expect to be out of it, or in pain, or possibly disgusted or sickened by the bruises/blood/stitches/normal after-stuff of surgery. By preparing for the possibility of bad feelings, you'll protect yourself a bit from self-blame when you don't feel amazing and euphoric out of the gate. Another way to emotionally prepare is to look at the chests of cis men with your build. Not all of them are going to be perfectly flat with hard, defined muscles. Your chest pre-surgery is not average for a man. Your chest post-surgery will be average for a man--average, not model-worthy. You can also prepare for a graduated return to activity--plan for walks, quiet mental activities like reading and puzzles, gentle movements building up to gentle stretching, light touches building up to light massages. Basically a gradual get-to-know-your-chest while keeping your mind and body active to an appropriate level for your stage of healing.
If the unaminous feedback you're getting from your "joke" is that it's insulting, guess what?
This, basically.
Hey there. Submissions from unapproved subreddits need to be screenshotted with names removed. A list of approved subs is in the FAQ. Feel free to resubmit in the proper format. Thanks.
This was submitted a day or two ago. Be sure to check recent posts before submitting. Thanks.
Rule 3
Your body *IS* you, and that's *why* it's so important that you be comfortable in it. You don't get another one; this life and this body is it!
Yes, this. There's a sexual/sexism dynamic in being a woman in public that men don't experience as often. Race also affects it. There's an older documentary called *Still Black* that interviews half a dozen or so black trans men about the changes in how they were perceived.
Hey, thanks!
GC: being a woman is normal! female! beautiful breasts! healthy, life-giving uterus! Also GC: being a woman is basically being disabled.
It's a line to walk about remaining aware of what they say for tactical reasons and getting sucked into self-harm in the guise of staying informed.
I know the argument they're trying to make. How they make it reveals as much about their worldview as the argument itself.
This is why Rule 4 exists. If you want to continue take it to PM.
This is why Rule 4 exists. If you want to continue take it to PM.
Links to approved subs only. Content needs to be GC/TERF-specific, not general transphobia.
Some people report joint and muscle aches. BUT a lot of people with autoimmune conditions report an improvement in that condition. If your condition is one that affects E dominant people more often or more severely, T might help you there.
I've done a lot of fantasizing to explore how it would feel good for partners to describe me, react to me, touch me, relate to me. Unfortunately I don't have the in person opportunity to try these out as often as I'd like. But what I have tried in real life has confirmed I'm on the right track. My wardrobe and self-expression has changed only slightly--same general style, but clothes that actually fit.
Needs GC username blocked out.
Does it track, then, that cis straight couples who are consciously non-heteronormative are queer? I would say no, but that means there's something else at play.
I'm sorry that happened to you. The prevailing attitudes do give cover to women abusers.
I feel this a little. It wasn't until I really accepted how I needed my body to be that being bi really went from a passive thing I knew about myself to something I wanted to express and act upon. But I struggle to understand my attraction to men as internally? categorically? different than my attraction to women. I know it's perceived differently but it doesn't feel different inside.
It made no sense to others that a woman as masculine as me would be bi (I've since known a handful of butch bi women partnered to men but I digress), so it was just easier to "be" a lesbian. And I couldn't explain at the time how I was attracted to men but couldn't imagine myself with one at all. That didn't make sense to me until my body changed and I realized it wasn't my attraction to them, but what I wanted men to be attracted to in me that was the missing piece.
Reddit usernames must be blocked out in screenshots.
There was a girl in my HS class who got called "Man Hands." GC finds this not just acceptable but desirable.
I removed it. You can repost with the blockouts if you like.
Thank you so, so much for sharing!
Get your levels tested. Not just T and E, also DHT, progesterone and prolactin. Except in cancer and prophylactic mastectomies, there's always *some* tissue left. Since you started T in your teens, before your breasts were likely done growing, they may be trying to "finish" the job. This is not to be alarmist but it is a possibility for you whereas as for someone who got top surgery at 30 it wouldn't be. Very likely a small tweak (anti-estrogen, lower fin dose) will address it.
Unapproved subs must be screenshot with blocked out names. Thanks.
Catholicism is pleased with you!
Good outcome. Glad all involved were professional and empathetic.
Yeah, detrans "resources" are almost all focused on being anti-trans. It's not a good situation who anyone who really needs them. Unfortunately almost no one has the lucky genes to have a neutral-appearing body (whether without intervention or in how they respond to HRT). In that sense, it may make sense for you to think about aspects of your body that are how you want them to help to cope with those that aren't. When you're in a better place mentally you could start thinking about if you want to address the things you still don't like. But it doesn't sound like you should be making really drastic changes now. If you still have ovaries and they're producing estrogen, I wouldn't think a doctor would prescribe anything more than birth control pills. Definitely get your levels checked and see what your options are on this (has your period come back?). Don't feel bad about posting here. You need something other than "you got sucked into the trans cult sweetie" to actually help you figure out what to do. It's good your therapist is working with you on your trauma. That's hard and takes a long time, and it's strong of you to be doing it.
You can still use a business account for purchases! Changing a personal account to a business account lets the other party see the name you choose for your business and not your legal name. So they'll be invoiced and paid by "John H's Custom Commissions." You can then change your primary shipping address to your new name and the only place the legal name will be is on the account details that only you see.
WTB Reelmagik 2.5" soft. Should be newish--I know they get firmer over time and mine has done so. Looking for that new packer squish.
Very feminist to create extra work for a low wage laborer. Hashtag solidarity!
I had buttonhole in 2006 with a local surgeon who got it covered as a reduction. My chest is not flat and I intended to have a revision for further tissue removal and contouring, but life happened and I never got it. I'm not fat but I'm not thin. My chest doesn't look out of place on me. I got the surgery I did because I wanted the highest chance of keeping sensation. I have perfect sensation, no numb spots. I'd still like a revision someday--I'm interested in Weiss actually--anything you're willing to share of your consult I'd really appreciate. But I 100% am happy I went the route I did. I thought it would be scary and hard to connect with my chest if sensation didn't return. I'm flat enough that I never feel the need to bind, and although it took a long time on T for noticeable changes to my torso, once my waist and hips smoothed out some I feel average and normal with my shirt off. It's not for everyone. You should be prepared to go from boobs to moobs, and expect revisions if you want to be flatter than that. If you give me some time I can try to dig up some older photos to compare against some new.
You look great!
Ghouls.
Yes, detachment and numbness is a sign of unwellness and can be considered dysphoria. Transition alone may help but you'll probably have to consciously work towards connecting with yourself again. Do you have access to therapy?
That sucks, I'm sorry.
WTB Reelmagik basic 2.5" soft, colors 1, 1.5, or 2. Should be newish--I know they get firmer over time and mine has done so. Looking for that new packer squish.
Mine did not.
I want to comment but am not in a place now. But you're not alone.
"Bless her heart."
Eh, in Catholicism at least, Jesus was "fully human and fully divine," so they could handwave it.
Gotta block out that username. Resubmit if you like.
In my experience, people (men and women) who're hung up on this are *really* hung up on it. The rest of us don't think about it hardly at all.
~*~feminine energy~*~
&gt; On the one hand I feel bad for her if she really exists, but on the other hand, I gotta say, she made her bed and now she's lying in it "We support detransitioners" lolololololololololololololololol
I know statistics exist. But the article focuses on dating, so my response did too. And my experience in that arena is that people who care about it can't help bringing it up at every opportunity. Being that I am short, it makes it easy to know who to avoid, including other short guys with bad attitudes.
My sympathy could fit in a hydrogen nucleus.
Yep.
Research needs prior mod approval.
Names must be blacked out.
Tina Belcher wants your number.
Anxiety tightens the neck muscles and raises your voice, yeah. And so of course does force of habit if you're used to speaking that way. Give it time.
The little-known male cloaca
I totally would. I'll save this comment and let you know if/when I get a replacement.
Surveys and research need mod approval.
Let them know privately. Don't contact the TERF or publicize it.
congrats to all!
Very nice!
At some point, maybe 6 months, maybe 6 years, you'll almost certainly begin to be read as male consistently and social transition will happen despite you unless you actively do things to prevent it. Whether that sort of management is worth it to you is something only you can decide.
This is fantastic.
If they're not supposed to go in your ears *why do they feel so good*
Brazil nuts. But also, submissions should be focused on GC content.
I take it as needed for anxiety, no issues.
This is not an appropriate place to ask this.
Sometimes there is no perfect fit, just a best one out of imperfect options.
Read the rules and FAQ before submitting.
Not a discussion sub.
Why do all these homosexuals keep sucking my cock?
This sucks. She's abusing her power dynamic and your illness to indulge her bigotry. Don't go back to her. Document everything--have your family listen to the voicemails, record them on other media, print any emails, have your family agree in writing about conversations you've shared about her behavior, when they occurred, and what was said. Don't up your dose if you and your family agree you're not in psychosis. Use your family's support to plan how you will handle any hiccups at the gender clinic. Seek a new mental health team, but only after the gender clinic is sorted. After you have a new team, again with your family's support, use whatever avenues are available to pursue a formal complaint.
NO links to that subreddit.
I think your feelings are understandable but practically speaking that you're overcomplicating it for yourself. If you already pass as male to strangers until you talk, once your voice drops all they'll see is a man with boobs. If the people who know you are baseline tolerant (i.e. not dangerous to you) but are resistant to using male pronouns, then they're probably going to continue being that way until it's beyond obvious to outsiders that you look unambiguously male. If you want to decrease awkwardness you can be sure to keep shaved around people you know. But I think attempting a hard femme presentation for 3 years sounds exhausting and not like something you could keep up--and for minimal, unclear benefit.
Do you have risk factors for diabetes? Have you had your fasting glucose done recently? Extreme thirst is a classic symptom of diabetes.
And I cannot lie
There have been he/him lesbians for decades before you were born. Sit down.
Testosterone increases during normal estrogen-dominant puberty, so blockers are preventing everything that does as well, including adult muscle development.
The reasons for that and why this post was removed are in the rules. Read them.
It doesn't take a prostate to make stuff in your butt feel good. You may not like it once you've tried it, but a prostate or lack thereof isn't the dealbreaker.
Dunno where you're looking, but if you want a poly triad or a mutual secondary you need to go where those people are more likely to be. Fetlife maybe. OKC has a stripe of poly people and is queer friendly. You have to be patient and willing to get to know someone. Bi people get "hey hop into our bed ;)" more than any other come on. No sane guy (aka someone you would seriously consider long term) is going to give you a second look if that's been your approach.
https://www.meatscience.ag.iastate.edu/
No problem. Take care.
It wasn't flaired. Unflaired posts are removed automatically and re-approved automatically when flaired. Because of the volume of (particularly) image posts, flairs are essential to making the forum navigable.
Cute!
I can't say it did. It's never had much of a "sound" in my head. The words are just there.
Yes, all of this. You have to document and show a history of failure of conservative treatments. I'm so glad you got what you needed but sorry it took so much legwork and time.
She's been reposting that for like 6 months. Hard to recruit participants from an extremely small population when you further limit yourself only to volunteers you agree with.
A couple suggestions if you're interested. Don't call the sub less or non-ideological, and don't entertain people who want to characterize it that way. It has an ideology, own it. Put a lot of thought into where detransitioner anger crosses the line into GC performativity, make clear to users where the line is, and make sure all mods enforce it consistently. Likewise, think about the sorts of resources and support detrans people may actually need. A lot of them are hurting and need way more than hearing they're valid. Think about where the systems may have failed them and how the same systems often fail trans people too. Where our experiences overlap is one source of solidarity.
Sounds like she is questioning something she read and making up her own backstory.
You look awesome. It's got to be such a relief.
Think of it as maintenance.
Looking for bodies with builds/heights/weights similar to mine, no matter the gender. But I voted for "looking at men" because that's who tends to match.
[retracted]
Sociological studies often don't include controls. They will ask a population questions and try to analyze the answers so as to give some insight into the populations experiences or beliefs. As you might expect it's an approach that's easily corrupted by researcher bias. It's a known problem that honest researchers will try to mitigate.
I couldn't do it, but just from the amount of people who do, even if some struggle with it, many others have no problem reconciling to themselves.
Needs an .np link. You can resubmit.
Quoting another user: Also, it's against this sub's rules to stir the pot and post results like this, and it's also against the rules to comment in linked threads.
I believe that both transition and detransition need to be value-neutral choices. That is, they should be available as a matter of bodily autonomy and there shouldn't be a stigma attached to them. However, the way people--transitioning and detransitioning--choose to frame and communicate their experiences can alienate others. I think that neither GC-aligned detrans people *or* "truscum" are contributing to an overall goal of acceptance for the wide variety of gendered and sexed experiences.
Then you have not been on low dose. Low dose is not an arbirtrary number, it is a deliberately managed dose to keep changes slow. Passing at 3 months =/= low dose
I'm gonna hop on here if that's ok. I think my experience may be relevant. I got top surgery in my early 20s because it felt necessary. I had no plans to go on T or socially transition. I started T about 5 years later at an extremely low dose (topical cream) and stayed on about that dose for 7.5 years before I tipped over into passing more than 50% of the time. I didn't want to go on T but felt I had run out of options for managing dysphoria and it wasn't improving and I was getting less functional, and it would have been stupid to put off any longer trying T and finding if it would help. In retrospect I would have done better if I had been able to seek social support. I would have come out sooner and probably increased my dose sooner and socially transitioned sooner. But I was ashamed that I was "giving in" to transition and self-isolated and it was generally a bad time. Nevertheless, I got through it, and was satisfied and relieved that I could keep changes slow and small while I worked through my issues. If you have to keep things hidden while you live with your parents, and also need time to sort through what it means to you to live as a man instead of a butch, low dose sounds like it may be a good option for you.
Injections are not "the most effective." Topical methods deliver as much usable T to the body unless a person has trouble absorbing them. In the US Reandron is marketed as Nebido.
Over a decade on topical with no complaints. If I had to switch methods it would probably be to subq.
Needs to be an .np link. You can resubmit.
"Could correlations between autism and gender experiences tell us something about both autism *and* gender?" "No, it must the children who are wrong."
BevJo's luggage requires its own dedicated cargo plane.
Report and do not engage. "lol you turn tricks" is not an appropriate insult, particularly when many trans people have a history of sex work.
homeslice
This is great. Hi!
Your feelings are your feelings, but from a public health perspective inclusive language gets trans people to get health care they would otherwise avoid. Even if acknowledging those parts is upsetting, knowing that a provider knows that and that the experience in the office isn't going to involve misgendering or outright transphobia lowers the barrier to accessing care.
Rule 3
This is true to the more historical definition (cf. 2002's *GenderQueer*, Wilchins, ed.). I haven't seen it used that way commonly for a while, mainly because non-binary is the less politically loaded term and a lot of people prefer that as the bigger umbrella classification.
I've found a really effective way to shut that down is stating, "Black lives matter *as much* as white lives." Because that's what they fundamentally disagree with. The idea that black people, or trans women, etc. matter *as much* as they do is a concept they violently reject.
How thick is your stubble now, and how even is it over the beard area? I knew my chin was good but everything else was iffy. I gave it 2 months and then trimmed my chin and started shaping the rest. Around 3 months it was clearly a For Real beard even over my cheeks. You may be able to tell a lot sooner, but hair grows in cycles so if it's not looking good at 3-4 weeks you have to wait for the next batch to cycle in and join the party.
What are you hung up on, exactly? This is standard sexism. Women are assumed to want dick and men who admit wanting dick are basically women, i.e. homo.
Yeah, what's your issue with that specifically? That you think it doesn't take the issue seriously enough?
Yeah, you are, and it's ablist. Stop digging.
This is the antithesis of what this sub is about and this user has been banned.
Content needs to be clearly GC in origin. No general transphobia.
Steel phase diagrams are actually fucking fascinatingly complex and GCOP could not have possibly chosen a worse example of a sciencey thing with a simple procedure and limited possible results. Vary any of the following: temperature, pressure, time, rate of heating/cooling, deliberate additives, unintended impurities, mechanical deformation, and *bam*, different result. Kind of like how human sex development and associated psychological development wrt gender is a multistep, multifactorial process where any number of differences, most of them unknown unknowns, can affect the outcome. So, actually, it's a very good example. Just not in way she thinks. &gt; mammals would not have gone on to be such a successful branch of the tree of life, occupying nearly every corner of the world. Just in the animal kingdom alone, insects would like a word....
&gt; it's so easy to reliably engineer new humans It's so easy to reliably engineer new humans that only modern medicine was able to put a dent in pregnancy and childbirth mortality rates. But go on, it's VERY feminist to handwave away reproductive labor! &gt; But do you believe as an engineer that a 0.01% severe anomaly rate invalidates the foundational science? As an engineer, the safety of the public must be held paramount. Designs with a 0.01% failure rate are unacceptable. 4-5 degrees of safety is standard. If your model can't meet that, your model is shit. Unacceptable. Invalid. Cancelled. Go away.
The more I read this, the more reverse-impressed I am at the sheer amount of unearned, confident, pig-ignorance those few paragraphs manage to contain. The stupid, it burns.
They have their own kingdom though. :) But yes. Those things are *everywhere.*
Well the face of of the Virgin Mary on my toast this morning told me to beware of the transcult, so there.
Now thatsa spicy meatball!
I avoid scented products and stuff with "manly" scents are especially bad in this regard.
It's the "when did you stop beating your wife?" of transphobia.
False consciousness, a very useful concept akin to gaslighting and one of the few things carried over in the transition from TERF to GC.
Bitch is a misogynist insult and not allowed.
Full of flavor, unlike bland Triscuits!
Stop responding to trolls.
I removed this just to save you more downvotes. It went over a lot of heads.
Yes, it is.
Lucky you, seriously. He was a bigoted researcher whose crackpot theory on trans women is still taken seriously by some.
That trans women are all either super super feminine gay men or ugly straight married men with a fetish. That's it, that's the whole thing.
OK, thanks for clarifying.
T made my head hair curlier, nada zip zilch effect on body or genital hair curvature.
Are there US politicians who are TERFs the way there are in the UK? Religious anti-trans ones, sure, but I can't think of a TERF legislator.
I think T made my nips more sensitive. It didn't make anything grow.
Nice, congrats!
You are adorable together :)
Likely your voice will return to almost the way it was, but it will take as least as long as you were on T to notice. Keep singing and you'll probably get a lot if not all of your range back.
If you pay for the Caltopo app you can download maps for offline use. And yes, the phone's GPS will work without cell signal. I track my hikes in real time with the phone in airplane mode to save battery. If you want communications capability the InReachSE and InReach Mini both offer two-way satellite texting. Edit to add: Gaia GPS also offers map download and tracking.
Cool interaction. I'm glad for you! I appreciate your posts because you seem like you've worked through a lot and are very conscious of trying to find good where you can.
"We support our sisters!"
Thanks! I've been trying to thank all the great folks sharing today
It's tough. It took me a long time to feel secure. It might help to acknowledge detransition as a option, but not one you're considering right now. Maybe set aside some time once a month to think about it and do your best not to let dwell on it outside of that time.
Woof!
Nice!
That's really rough to have to seek a second surgeon because you can't trust your original one to do your revision. I hope you get it taken care of soon.
Needs an .np link. You can resubmit.
Rule 3
Insult without dehumanizing.
The cruelty is the point.
Awesome!
The place to ask would be penis enlargement forums for cis men. Undoubtedly some of them have DIY'd this.
You look fantastic, imo.
Names need blacked out.
W-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-w
Content needs to be clearly trans related. "JK Rowling's Bowel Movements Regular" does not qualify.
I'm not a mod here
My voice *started* breaking within a week, just a tiny bit. Because I was on a low dose, it crawled along and took literally years to settle.
Don't feed them regardless.
As a veteran of The Blowjob Wars, twits these days have it so easy. We used to have to keep track of multiple posts on multiple blogs *without hashtags,* and manage to type *multiple paragraphs* per comment while keeping the login info for multiple different commenting systems straight, backing up our rants because browsers crashed constantly. We had to *manually refresh* to see our enemies' newest comments! Kids these days.
You look great!
The line is a bit unusual but it's not something I would've noticed without you pointing it out. Your contour and overall healing look really good.
You look well healed and really good
I'm sure my trauma had something to do with my name choosing problems. It turns out the closest analogue to my birth name is one my mom likes and so that's kind of what it ended up being, although it's not legally changed and that's a whole other hurdle for therapy. Honestly, if you like Ghost, and you're willing to put up with people asking questions about it, go with Ghost. Something you have an attachment to is better than something that's meaningless.
Nope, plenty of cis peeps here
Don't post or comment here talking about how much you want to give someone on a GC sub a piece of your mind. Don't post encouragement to anyone making a comment like this.
Better analysis with linkouts to more better analysis: https://www.lawyersgunsmoneyblog.com/2020/06/bostock-and-the-majoritarian-difficulty
Cartilage grows throughout life. It's why old people often seem to have big ears and noses relative to the rest of their face. So yes, any cartilage growth encouraged by T use would remain.
For the first 5+ years of my transition I refused to call what I was doing transition. The question of whether to stop and go back was on my mind literally every single day. At this point, I don’t anticipate finding a need to detransition. But I know a lot of people struggle with paralyzing doubts and while I won’t take up undue space here, I’m also most definitely *not* here as a voyeur. I want people to find what’s best for them, both wrt what medical, social, and legal steps they take, and in how they understand themselves. I firmly believe that different people can need the same thing but also need to understand that thing different ways. The problem arises when a single understanding is canonized. In other words, if you’ve undergone medical transition steps and are female because that makes sense to you, great. If you insist that all afab transitioned people are female, that’s not so great. I’m sorry you’ve had to deal with totalizing attitudes from other trans people. Tolerance for ambiguity is a hard skill to develop post-traumatically, and many gender-marginalized people experience trauma. In addition, cis-supremacist oppression often requires a single, simplified narrative to hold up as emblematic of the Other in discussions of whether we deserve basic rights, and it's unfortunately natural for the oppressed group to want to meet that demand for the chance of being accepted.
Just report stuff like this.
No direct links.
OP's account has been suspended by reddit. If anyone has receipts to confirm the allegations made on the linked post, please share them with the mod team. Behavior of the kind described in the allegation is absolutely unacceptable.
You look great! Congrats and best wishes for continued healing.
No--posie parker, parker posey.
Testosterone can increase visceral fat storage, which is fat that accumulates in the abdominal cavity around the organs as opposed subcutaneous fat that gathers under the skin. Visceral fat can make the belly area feel more firm. I am not a doctor, and 4 months seems fast for any significant development of visceral fat. T also promotes muscle development, and your belly shape could be changed by stronger abdominal muscles carrying your weight slightly differently.
competence + manner &gt; gender
Content must be trans specific and clearly GC in origin.
I'm going to draw a distinction between woman and female that might not be meaningful for you--I could have lived as a woman, and in fact I was. I reached a point where I could no longer live in a female body.
Needs an .np link.
I love it. Kids.
"Tom is your friend"
Content must be clearly GC/TERF in origin.
I like it way better than most others I've heard.
Joy is not infantilizing. No more so than "enby" being the diminutive equivalent of "tr****" and yet being in general use.
Lift weights.
What is the difference as you see it? What feelings does it provoke to think about it?
Labcorp is a HUGE corporation. They are cheaper because they are so large they have more sway with insurers than individual hospitals.
The harasser was banned. I'm glad you're at a better place in your life. And your kid is hella cute.
This is great!
At some point you start aging as you would normally and after that it's genetics, managing sun exposure, not smoking, etc that has a chance of keeping you looking younger.
You're probably both good people, but neither of your communication around this is good and the relationship seems past the point of trying to salvage friendship out of it. I would tell her that the healthiest thing for you would be to end all contact and ask her to respect that. Then you can work on getting over her and figuring out what you want from your next relationship and the things you need to look for in a potential partner that are different.
This is what I thought you meant at first but then of course most of the comments went the usual route. Your experience is sadly not new. I was friends way back (early 00s) with a guy who was effectively gaslit and emotionally abused for pursuing physical and social masculinity beyond "gq/boyish dyke" aesthetics. He left several communities over it and is happily transitioned now. I myself has an ex who discouraged me from "lifting heavy" because she thought it went too far and I was "trying to be macho." It's hard when there's these unspoken limits as to how much like a man is too much, and then you cross a line and suddenly they're spoken. I think markers of perceived straight masculinity and the historical culture of gay masculinity having misogynistic aspects to it has contributed to tainting the concept. Like, fucking with it, subverting it, dwelling intentionally in the uncanny valley is celebrated, even if it's "ironic" posturing like butch aggression that can be a cover for actual insecurities. But if you want it unironically, if you want it *too much*, that's a betrayal of a sort, especially when you reach a point physically where it's no longer obviously subversion and you just look like a man and act like one. It destroys the ability to quickly categorize, and causes resentment and fear.
I know Maya's TERFy but unless you can confirm blue dot is as well I'm going to remove this.
The ACLU defending speech you disagree with is what you sign up for with the ACLU. What fucking rock has she been living under?
On my ten year anniversary it occurred to me that I could have spent the past ten years--a decade--still having breasts and the thought was horrifying. My tits were fine for tits. I told them there was nothing wrong with them and I was sorry I couldn't like them but not sorry I didn't. Do you like the idea of spending another decade with breasts? Is 20+ years with them not enough to know how you feel about them?
Yes, that person basically admitted she'd be trans in different circumstances. No, this is not an invitation to Rule 3 TERFs in general.
Could be helped with local E treatment. T lowers immunity slightly and it may just be the virus taking advantage and your body will have to adjust.
Can you plan a distraction for yourself to minimize focus on discomfort/itching?
Yeah, my friend took the test for fun. It's mostly an ego trip, 100% if you're someone who mentions it in your fucking tumblr bio, lol
Are you able to access a decent therapist? It sounds like you have an awful lot going on. I empathize with having mental issues that make getting something you want scary b/c of potentially reacting the opposite of what your desire and a healthy emotional life would give you.
No contraindication so long as your thyroid medication is controlled and stable
When someone is obviously in favor of tranphobia, *DON'T REPLY.*
Not smart to generalize here man. One, you've been on for a few weeks only and your body's still in the very first stages of adjusting. Two, you're young and really can't speak for a lot of women just because you don't have the life exposure. Three, it's more individual than you'd think. Men with lower sex drives and women with high ones are still in the range of normal.
And I can tell you about women I know who want sex more than me, so? I don't think it's a particularly accurate claim, even the "T increases from baseline" bit. Especially bc even in this thread someone on T said their sex drive went down.
This is funny as shit. Very nice, OP.
I feel like he was big enough recently enough that it's very gratifying how many people in this thread are saying, "Who?" even if some are joking.
Fuck that's a perfect line.
Is extreme transgenderism holding your name change hearing while you and judge are both skydiving?
As it turns out legal gay marriage did NOT ruin straight marriage because once it wasn't a crime to sneak into straight people's houses and force them to gay marry, it stopped being fun.
It's a little tongue in cheek joke about the "Men are from Mars" thing.
Rule 7b
You might be interested these studies on the mosiac nature of the brain: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3176412/#!po=0.384615 https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2012-28536-001 https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2015-10/rfuo-mbd102915.php TL;DR you can't know how "male" your brain is and there's a pretty much zero statistical chance that your brain is measurably male in all possible dimensions.
You're welcome!
COWAAAAAABUNGAAAAAAA
Whichever rule they're breaking, or use the write in. Creativity in write in reports is like mod candy. :D
Watched the whole thing but no closeup. What is the attachment actually doing? Are they being packed in the field and that's what the the yellow pallets are?
https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCynical/comments/hhr4zq/stop_interacting_with_terfs_or_get_a_ban/
&gt; "Human Bio-Diversity" Do I wanna know?
I think these are things yoiu should take to a therapist you trust. Self-hate is very sabotaging and it's hard to make progress when your habit is to find fault with yourself no matter what.
I suspect those subs don't have enough alt-right/fascist crossover for whatever algorithm they used to have picked them out as related. Yes, they should all go. I don't expect them to, sadly.
