Huge Ass-Chicken.
"You are welcome". Unleashes bear spray.
I remember it as If it's brown, flush it down...
Bear sprayings will continue until morale improves.
Maybe she's poor? Why else would anyone steal a blanket from a cat?
Only if you masturbate.
People actually believe you "get used to it". As in, develop immunity or something. And wearing mask will reduce that or whatever. Basically what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But then some things do kill you.
Sorry that's a Sari.
96? WTF!
Seal windows with tape. Put a door clooser on doors.
The advice is right. I hire from campus and many times the students go to other companies after offering. They also use the offer letter to ask for better salary from the other company. Some students collect as many offers as they can because that's how they get an erection apparently. The point is, these things happen. As a recruiter I can complain to the placement cell about the behavior of the students but that's it. Neither would I want a student joining my company under force.
I didn't say there's anything wrong.
Make the washed hands handle a dick.
You mean load bearing?
I'm really not. And judging from the downvotes it might've come across that way. All I was saying is that such behaviour happens and it's the cost of doing business in a campus placement. Students should do whatever is in their best interest.
By the time the prankster reaches the mirror she has three throwing stars in her back.
Also they're running like Detective Babylegs.
Coundnt be the dongle money. Probably the Bluetooth headphones and speaker money.
Curry = Gravy
Save half a million? I'm surprised GoAir even earns that much...
I pity the researcher who pushed them around with a hockey stick.
To see inside his dick.
"BUT PEOPLE ARE WATCHING!"
He keeps looking at the glasses in the beginning. In reality he's looking at the grass somewhere in between him and the tiny glasses. But it helps compete the illusion.
"The bear is sticky with honey"
Maybe they got bored halfway too....
Imagine continents expanding at this speed raising huge waves in the ocean. Water will splash everywhere.
Push through the second one. It gets bad. Third one is good again.
Founding Fathers!
Forget Mars, we need to take the fight to the Belters!
Space junk.
r/SomewhatReal4meirl
Rather this is the only game that can justify the overclocking, cooling and RAM when it's starts getting close to 100k population...
After this, consider getting flu shots every year for the whole family. The vaccine changes every year.
Isn't JIO VoLTE?
Because Competent Authority has decided thus.
Really? I thought it was a cocktail of different flu viruses including avian/h1n1/etc.
Only one leg. He hopping!!
It's an ancient symbol for Jesus, because he saves.
The blood drinking?
Why?
They tried testing food once, and everyone was so pissed they had to fire the tester.
Which MF doesn't have 5% HDFC? /jk It's like the first thing they go for...
If only there was a way I could directly invest in HDFC...
What's NRK?
Marble races are intense! But they're only available on the internet. Real life races would be too boring to watch and too much effort to organise :(
We wait another year.
"The laser isn't working. We have to brute force it!"
What's a Nazgul like you doing at a party like this?
Good for shaving white walkers.
And Microsoft seems to throw a lot of money in TV series. Watching the early Castle episodes and everyone is using Windows phones and Skyping and even the touch screen TV/Computer thing. And focus goes on the UI and interactions too much.
Where exactly do CO leaks from? I don't live in America and no one worries about CO where I live...
Is that Russian for Vincent?
Whatever you come up with will not satisfy everyone. Better go with text instead. More clear than images that have to be interpreted.
Vincent is clearly an Adultman.
People don't honk in your city?
It's "Blow Horn" and "OK TATA". These words have to appear somewhere on the truck. Now in /r/dontopendeadinside fashion, the sequence changes depending on available space, font selection, painter's ability to plan ahead. So you get a mix of these words.
Oh. It's not what I was expecting...
The Turdburgler strikes again!
Cut the middleman and fill the box with wasps.
Never seen clots, but there are new dairy startups the provide milk subscription and it's delivered cold and pasterurised in packets.
They're phasing it out next year because it doesn't meet safety standards. There's also a sedan from Mahindra called evito or something similar. Only seen as taxis though. No idea about safety either.
Yeah, it's like pizza delivery, but the pizza stays in the car and you walk out to it, unlock the car with your phone and take the pizza. Then you give it to your house robot whose only job is to pass pizza to you.
Don't need glasses if you don't have eyes. Too bad his muscles had to be shortened, so he's not that swole anymore.
In [Lucifer's Hammer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucifer%27s_Hammer), there's a scene where a guy surfs the mega tsunami that hits SFO after a comet strike and surfs past skyscrappers before getting splattered.
Ran after the assailant, begging to be shot. Later went home and shot himself because failure was not an option.
If only most of reddit was psychopaths, we'd be running the world by now.
+1 on the map request.
Everyone ignore him completely..
Or Apple music.
Paneer isn't really cheese.
It is better to stay in the dark, and let people think you are a fool than to have lighting evenly distributed, and remove all doubt.
You can [make ink](http://www.graviky.com/air-inktrade.html) out of it. Don't breathe those pen fumes though.
Why not feed half the poor the other half? Seems like fixing 2 problems in one go.
Which only validates the effectiveness of walls!
Strange. I always got a David Mitchell look...
If you hurl a lot of Mexicans at this wall they will start behaving like waves and particles.
r/shubreddit
People and dogs now live this long. Dogs now walk at this turtle's speed, but humans walk normal.
What was the thing about the cash?
The Maha charger does this. Also charges 8 in one go.
And camera flashes. Drains them real fast. Maybe not as fast as adult toys though.
My dentist scanned my jaw in for a root canal cap. Put a scanner shaped like a gun in my mouth and moved it around. Could see the model being made on the screen. Is it the same thing?
India International Center? However, you need to be rich and old. Like, really old with at least one major organ system failing so your driver can escort you in. Then you can enjoy dinner at the members only joint, which is subsided so you actually save money from the multi crore membership you got.
They change the bank's number on Google maps. Then wait for people to call them.
Foobar wouldn't do Apple Music.
It starts skipping when I'm playing a CPU intensive game like Cities Skylines. Have to set priority on High through task manager. Everytime.
Wait what? Isn't AM subcription based? Do I download the files and play then with foobar?
I am a bot. I will be reminding you in 24 hours.
Huge market for door knobs and handles on the dark web. Minimum 1.6 lacs per month guaranteed
Bro she's talking about dicks. This is legitimate furniture and fittings market.
Alchoholism
That is hilarious though..
If there's no bread, then yes. If there is bread, then they'll make a sandwich and afterwards they can enjoy a post lunch cigarette.
That explains the hunger.
There's another tinder ad that got posted. It's r/hailcorporate now.
Are these ads for redmi or does the camera puts this text by default?
And you can't turn it off? That's terrible.
This would be a right time to insert the coma meme.
Or we're on the second strangest fucking timeline. The most strangest being the one where everyone got Cronenberged.
Motherfucker tell us what CBA and ARG means?
And the other [Spear vs Sword duel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM9wWtHozCM) that ended up being a fingers vs eyes duel.
Have you thought about doing ASMR videos describing diesel engine failures?
Yeah it's what happens when your diet lacks fiber. Freezing it later is just like tempering steel.
It's not OCD to use your elbows to open doors. That's good precautionary behaviour. Specially if it's a hospital.
Still skillful.
Time for the dead kid to show his quality.
Do tell...
Get an old version utorrent. Forgot the number but it was before ads and other misc bullshit.
Have you thought about making it less text heavy? Maybe use different angles for the visuals? Because it'll start getting monotonous very fast and end up looking like a blog entry with text written on images.
I choose not to do it.
Full time artist? Dude art is the least of your worries. You can use anything for the visuals part. I used to make webcomics and just used photos. You have to work on the story.
It gave me Renaissance flashbacks.
The hurt is skin deep. It's going to irritate no matter how sharp the razor.
Have you tried hot water so it doesn't irritate to begin with?
Motherfucker I'm a national. It's not easy.
That boy ain't right.
Rub salt shaker on ass.
That's some intense shit right there!
Under Rs1000 = Gifting to people who know nothing about wine. 1700-2500 Self drinking if you can tell bad wine when you taste it. Above - As much as you can afford.
Bangalore has better breweries than ggaon. Also is it just me or have all the breweries in sector29 gone to shit? As if they were all sourcing from the same place and only had the equipment for show.
Being better than Bud is no high standard. All KFs taste soapy.
By no means am I a wine expert.
Dammit! Why you gotta ruin the one healthy thing that tastes great?
But wouldn't it be radiating heat away when it's not being used?
Was enough money not offered?
Hardly any Ubers have seatbelts anymore. All tucked under seat covers.
Same in India.
Let us choose to ignore it.
How can you.. it's inside you. You can't run away from it. But if you do run a lot it'll help.
That's what killed the dinosaurs?
They'll create nothing. They'll import cheap terrible ecigs and label them and try to sell but they'll be bad and useless in quiting. So people will go back to smoking
Can't hit the kid. Can't go to jail.
Literally no one calls it ENDS except whichever lobbying group provides these news articles. It should be called by it's official name - Personal Electronic Nicotine Inhalation System, or PENIS for short.
I liked it too. Take my gold!
True, but there's no way anyone would eat that
What's holding those up anyway? And who put them there? What were they hanging on?
By virtue of the flood, and everyone else's death, Noah IS the common ancestor.
Mona Lisa would be boring though..
4.6 horseshoes sound excessive. 4 are enough...
Yeah and that book about Electricity and some preacher was so forgettable and just kept rambling on till King decided to just stop typing and click print.
Maybe he's related to his mother and it's her maiden name?
Bring some nice Chianti.
No. Mafia informants are identified because they have multi headed dicks.
All these "cheese products" have gone to hell. They're all plasticy and tasteless. Technically they might be cheese or have cheese involved in the manufacturing process but there's no joy left. There are some local brands popping up. You uhave to experiment and they're not cheap. But I guess cheap is what made the amul and Britannia cheeses what they are now.
They also rub the extruded plastic with shleem to bring out the color.
Known as Syntax Tank because of the brand (Sintex) that popularized it in the 80s.
Salt's probably full of micro plastic anyway. From the sea.
What's the advantage of fresh ground salt? For pepper, yes. The aroma. But why salt?
It's Venice for fuck's sake. The ship could've taken plowed through the whole city.
NO CAPES!
I thought the route optimization program ruled their life. Can you schedule porn scenarios in between? Is there a per week limit?
"dubbed by dig workers as the "hobbit," after the tiny creatures from the Lord of the Rings books" Hobbits aren't tiny you filthy casuals.
At least the mechanic are cheap...
r/naturewasmetal It still is, but it used to be too.
The boss kind of forgot about it.
This is a 3M product you can buy off Amazon right now. It's around rs300. There's no way it doesn't put additional load on the AC fan. AC fans aren't meant to operate under additional pressure.
It'll 100% have the sound effects. People are conditioned to them now. Have you not seen any comedy show on TV these days? I just hope they do t add that "Twwwwooin!" sound.
It's a cloth like material. 3M literally sells it with the exact same pitch. Convert your AC into a air purifier. I bought this to put on my car AC vent because I vape in the car and it was condensing on the windows. But it really restricts the airflow. If you're looking for DIY air purifiers (box fan idea) check this post https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9ucqze/ultimate_guide_to_cheap_diy_air_filters_for_north/ I experimented with boxes and fans, but a cylendrical filter gave the best results.
[Jit going ham!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzB9ehoCWZc)
Buy the biggest dumb tv you can afford. And a fire stick
It's shot with a telephoto lens. Makes the perspective wonky. These might be easily navigable curves on a hill road.
All of the comments aren't [deleted]!
I'm not saying the curve doesn't exist. I'm saying the effect is exaggerated because of the lens.
Casuals. History is the study of the past and hysterectomy is the history of rectums.
Something like Hell on Earth...
This is why you don't ask internet strangers about inspirational quotes in their language.
Are you not entertained by this artefact? Is this not why you are here?
Yeah. This really puts pressure on all dealers. You'll get a call within hours and some guy will personally follow up. Only way to get work done by Mahindra service centers.
Wait.. how's this possible? I thought the testosterone kicked in at a later age... Can we jack up babies? They're really strong for their body weight..
Such a Kanga-rude!
It's ok. They're usually looking at their body in the mirror while flexing all the time. They won't even spot you unless you get between them and the beautiful reflection.
Have you tried those pakodas? Soggy as fuck man!
Techno music broke her cervix.
"much more convenient for all parties involved"
Spray paint a huge dick on it.
There you were held hostage along with 300 other passengers sitting on the tarmac in a non air conditioned plane using the same choked toilet for several days...
Can't. The DLC costs too much.
Is that why it's so tough?
This is why you ask for acknowledgement in your emails also. So devs won't say I didn't get you.
Why not just bang away and let nature decide estrogen levels? You know, like how the Germans do it.
And horses consent to having sex with giraffes?
It's Hindi.
Haven't played any flight games since the early 2000's and even those were on keyboard. Are the new games playable on keyboard+mouse only? The old MS Flight Simulator seems to have really bad graphics compared to modern Google Maps 3D so might go for the new games, but are they playable with keyboards?
That sense of accomplishment shit would hurt real bad. They should give access to all the planes, or buy more..
I'm sorry but wtf is this site with some lines of text between the 20-25 ad strips?
There were high winds last night and the view looks like Blade runner today. You can see huge clouds of dust lifting off the roads.
Try money control. You can add your cash, PF, mutual funds and equity and it'll keep track. Huge amounts of ads though. Including auto playing video ones...
And who has a working dick who can father children?
Obligatory [eye/mouth version of this gif](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/291/650/ba6.gif) whenever it's posted.
Reddit: "Yeh log sadak par tatti karte Hain!"
Car girls would be that century's Horse girls.
Doesn't everyone have 5ghz now? Wouldn't it be back to the same thing?
Why couldn't Transformers be more like this?
Initially it was just the shock of everything ending like this, but as time passes my hate towards all this matures like fine wine.
Who has a better story?
Do these bottleneck end up being 1000 pairs spread over the world, or 1000 pairs in one group (or small groups in one area) that survived?
You can also install Digilux and use left/right swipe to increase/decrease screen brightness.
The gun has a bluetooth trigger.
Meanwhile Burger Singh is spamming with dank drone memes...
Would've been great if it was, and he went in again to see if perseverance pays off.
When your lower body is your grasp.
How do you speed reload a knife? Rub it so fast on the whetting stone it catches fire?
I DO work for Amazon, but not for that division so I can't possibly answer your question!
What is this... A protest for ants?
Motherfucker you Google it and get back to me!
Yeah that was a I-fucked-up pause.
Hope he doesn't throw Mankind on a table..
Either spit on the phone, or lick it to unlock.
And you can remove the hard disk and graphics card and take it with you in cabin luggage. Then if someone is bouncing your cabinet box it wont cause as much damage (hopefully). Can you take hard disk in cabin luggage?
Brutal.
What bean paste are we talking about? How is it desert unless it's cacao bean paste?
The in-game music seemed to sync up with the city progress or events, or maybe that was a coincidence. But spending so many hours on this game I have discovered so much more music on Spotify/Apple.
My graphics card: Deep breathing increases...
Where's your God now? Oh right there, facedown in the mud :(
But the symbolism of Drogon burning the throne!
Send me your photo and I'll send you your porn.
A sand blaster blasts you back in time?
Bring out the whip and tame these fuckers!
No dog ever outlived itself.
Yeah Lucknow is not known for badasserry, even though you may find many bahubalis there (not the movie types, but original eastern UP bahubalis).
Yeah this is coming across a childish "my dad's job is better than your dad's job" rant. Of course doctors are important. So are other professions. WTF are we children.
But it'll be safe. Also guaranteed.
Arms healed, yes. Back is permanently broken though.
Englisherd.
Ancestors of the modern horse were hunted during the last ice age by recumbent bicycles.
Looks like one of the 3 seashells 🤔
Never realised there's so many construction experts here... Nice.
WIFI Mesh? Tp-link has some relatively cheap options.
They out advertised the other sprays?
But the doctor is antivax and rubs lavender on the children instead.
But you have to run your fingers over the cpu pins. VR can't provide that pleasure yet.
Flashback to Tina Belcher.
Some people are just getting around to watching it! So many other movies...
[What about the sequel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZA2gbUz77U)?
It came off KBC. They started doing sad stories with music.
Yo mama smells like mud...
Because they put water proof ass sweating seat covers on the entire seat. To cut out the belt hooks would take extra effort and provide ingress for dirt or bodily fluids excreted by passengers. Anyway no one uses belts so why bother. I sit in the front passenger seat.
Like the pilot
Sky pot hole makes the pilot spill his drink on the dash. Every light in the plane explodes and the front falls off.
And his red knee pads.
The shock of it made the pilot jerk.
Have you tried playing cricket?
Pro and pre biotics ;)
Although not recommended by leading scientists, you can go assnto mouth..
Wasn't it people who drove hybrid cars?
And there was no off duty radiation expert in plain clothes all this while this was happening?
Coming down has and always will be easy.
Off road version coming soon with bigger shockers and wide tyres.
Although drift racing up and down trees would be interesting to watch.
Proud parents.
Interesting would be if Batman also poops like this.
They're sheep, you sick fuck!
If stuck somewhere without water, look out for a slow motion White horse.
For animals in their mating season, it is.
I crossed the Rubicon. I returned. I conquered. Twice.
Back when HBO showrunners were great.
This is like the opening battle of Rome where Pullo breaks formation and goes solo and later punches Vorenous.
What? How?
Yes, I am guilty motherfuckers I am death!
Drink directly from the nozzle within five seconds and ignore your gut Flora.
People spend multiple days climbing?
Beauty is skin deep, but ugliness goes down to the bone.
To be fair they also censor out the visual representations of chitsu and manko.
It's just for convineince. There's no obligation to do SIPs.
Weird....
The videos hardly even start sometimes. Reddit videos is such a shit feature you wonder why people upload on it and not YouTube. Maybe it works fine in America?
Monkeys are assholes. Wild monkeys are selfish, aggressive assholes who know most people are afraid of them and they are more intelligent than other animals so their assholeness is more dangerous.
Darkness engulfed me .. QUIT TUGGING, DAMN!
Drunk king dies.
No one knows Jaguar Land Rover?
You wake up in the middle of continents and have no idea if that's the tinted sun or a full moon at night. There's a button that's supposed to control the window brightness but I think it's overridden during flights...
Fucking spidermen.
Gotta be aliens. Because that accent is out of this world...
Should've mentioned that. Not mentioning is sneaky and considered a dick move in Reddit culture.
A few hundred per month to a few thousands sometimes. Added to Amazon wallet automatically. If you use cred you might get some offers from that also. Not Amazon related, but still.
what about the unfortunate bastard who got cropped out?
Detective Baby Legs role upcoming.
Shouldn't the butler be doing this? Am I to heat iron clamps and open wine bottles?
It is when you swing your dick at champagne corks?
"You said they were making water tanks!"
A cannonball that's launched with a nuke.
She was tried, and found lacking.
Reminds me of that Armenian lady with the gun.
Don't forget the Mongols.
They were destroyed after 1857. All that's left are the gates. Some of them.
Langurs are employed (their owner is) in areas with a monkey menace. The langurs just sits around or wandernabiut and monkeys don't fuck around in that area anymore. They're on contract in many govt buildings.
Can we use lava to stick things? Or use it like cement to stick bricks together?
His uncle went to MIT.
How does feces end up under your eyelids? You must have seen some shit...
Where'd you find your blood boy?
If I leave a bird bath filled with blood out in the garden, will they feed off it and leave me alone? I'll call it my bloodbath.
If you rub the minarets they grow to 171m.
Still only a few episodes in and it's so similar to Castle. Instead the writer is The Devil 🤷🏽‍♂️
Then we will unload cargo in the shade!
They're moving in herds!
Would RAM really help? My i7 3660 3.5ghz starts dying at 80k population and there's no difference between 1x and 3x speeds anymore. 16gb ram is installed out of which Cities uses around 13. Will putting another 16 increase the game speed? Will reducing the assets help? Will overclocking the CPU to 4.5ghz help?
What sort of music do you like? Because I'm a huge metal fan.
You're all terrifying! I AM SO SCARED!
Why is leg lengthening done? To fix a mismatch between the legs?
Everyone.
GOSH! WHY WON'T YOU KNOCK IT OFF!!?
45
THey have a lot of nice things. Not much for decor though. It's like when you stock up on things in The Sims.
Hgnis kissey bola saley!
It's like running Good Knight liquid on All Out machines.
I'm giving you all semi Reddit golds! Enjoy. Or not.
A little Beavis and butthead coming across.
They can keep the cube on their mantle Great conversation starter.
r/outside. Graphics are great on the city simulator, but traffic logic is still crap.
Because hanging your balls on hooks is painful and the person wanted revenge?
Why can't they just move into GK2 close by?
This is how you remove the panelling.
What are the radiator looking things behind the wheels?
Have you tried overclocking, with cocaine?
Some guy wanted to scratch his back, but couldn't reach the spot. That's how Katanas were invented.
Assassin school teacher.
MLA NEPHEW.
This guy knows his way around dicks.
Well you see Billy, when a man really loves a woman....
That guy's mother mothers.
He went to college in 1997. His dad owns Toyota. Gets him the latest concept cars.
I feel 40 years of confusion lifting away. School really didn't teach anything.
Printer ink is more expensive than blood. So just use blood to print it. It's a red painting anyway.
That describes several movies.
Off duty cop. But so insane he reported for duty in England.
Unfortunately their tusks were lit on fire and they stampeded into the unsullied ranks killing them all and it took hours for them to reproduce again through mitosis.
Its grey from all the ash.
Churchill: " We will fight them on the beaches..." Elephants swim ashore. Churchill: "Fuck this."
Do what needs to be done.
They're quoting a resume of an engineer who mentions he worked on boing software. Then they mention boeing outsourced to HCL AND cyient. Nowhere does it mention these engineers made the MCAS software. But yes, blame it all on the engineers.
This is what the company is charging. Not what the employee is earning.
To throw a brick from the ground and straight into the engine! Must be Euron Greyjoy's crew!
The plane was so excited! "Whoop whoop! Here I come ground! WEEEeeeeee!!!!"
One wing?
Or wings.
That shit is useless for flies. Or maybe your reaction times are incredible. I have waved it through a swarm of flies and came up blank. This pisses me off and then I have to go find mosquitoes or slower insects because the racket is honor bound and can't be kept back unless blood has been spilled.
The post office guy will ask you to pay. You can either not pay, and he'll send it back or you can pay and take it up with the customs people if you think it's wrong.
Before buying see if you can go to a dealer and try out the remote. Recently got a Hitachi ac and the remote is so useless it's absurd. Read the manual also. Most ACs will have auto mode which regulates the fan speed at the set temp. This AC's auto mode means below 27 degrees it won't even turn the compressor on and only blow air. Other wierd settings on the remote. As if it's designed by a randomizer software that assigns labels and functions to buttons.
The water is clean. All that plastic is dirty. We have clean water. Case closed.
Seems suicidal for the courier boy. Unless he's a bouncer type, and getting a cut.
Here's what I do. Vape 50/50 unflavoured with a iSub tank at 15watts and on a iClear 30s from the middle ages at 8watts. Inhale through the mouth and exhale through the nose. Nic strength has also reduced over the years to 3mg from 24. Haven't tried salts, but this is working out fine so don't intend to. Unflavoured is cheap, stealthy and doesn't offend anyone.
They knew all along...
Wink wink .. no CIA stuff at all.... Just taking photos of windmills... Nudge nudge
YES I AM GUILTY MOTHERFUCKERS, I AM DEATH!
The lenses aren't very durable. Within six month they'll start developing micro scratches. If you accidentally put hot water on them it'll start even faster. Frames are cheap. But frames can be cheap anywhere.
The only reason I have one is because it's easier to distribute a fixed amount to various stocks in one go. e.g. I'll put in 10k every month distributed across 5 companies and fixed percentage. It'll distribute and place order through Kite. Also easier to keep track of P/L of that group.
It also helped that his army never ran out of arrows, because the dogs ran and fetched them asap.
That's applicable when no tigers are chasing you. Otherwise drive at 100 and lay the fine. Unless the fine is 2 tigers chasing you.
When you buy 30k+ headphones you either notice the difference or tell everyone that you do.
And ended too soon.
It's why USB goes in the third try
Yeah it not very helpful looking at medivial flags. What's the lion star on green flag for?
Although they don't break very well, because they're so tough.
Also the elephants. Who wants to see burning camels running toward you. Also, probably got shut down by their mahouts once they turned back.
They learned this. But it didn't help at all. Millions died.
Or a raw egg. These videos are getting ridiculous.
Feed him seaweed.
Nothing tastes as good as coffee smell. Not even coffee.
Are other people stopping you from doing this right now?
Not for GERD sufferers :(
Costco. They had bags of sliced apples! And potato salad in containers the size of paint buckets. I also saw the grand canyon, but Costco is more impressive.
Everyone in the comments is admiring and I have no idea what's going on and what's he talking about...
A Lab Coat.
It's why any time aliens invade, they make a straight line to New York. Even the abducted cows are from America. What's wrong with Indian cows? Hardly any alien invasion *(outer space wala)* has happened in India.
So why do they probe our asses?
Is it just me or do most reviews on Good Reads sound like frustrated authors who never got the big break they deserved.
I would just plain retire 😋
And it already looks like a turd!
Do you want ants?
But then you resurrect?
Ever been to a Turkish prison?
Have you read Pet Semetary?
He was mad rich.
Why didn't he strike himself repeatedly before to become all powerful?
Was he the guy who took some basic medivial fighting lessons and was able to fight a real life medivial knight?
Are you supposed to insert the crystals? Because they sound pointy...
Because of the.... implication?
It's like Tharoor replying to his own comment. I understood several words.
What's PP?
It's a cool naming theme, but I can never recall the name to identify the novel. Or what happened in the novel name Tiamet's Wrath. It's usually "the novel where they went to that planet with the machines" type recall.
100+ year olds who play with legos die within a few years. Scientifically proven.
Rub the vinyl.
The masala monk achaars were splendidly mediocre though.
Metal strips that enable a user to grip and push/pull wooden slabs to allow or bar entry into a room.
Ask them their preference and say you're going there. Once you get in and they start the ride, what can they do?
Did you miss the part where they cancel after wasting 5 mins and you get charged?
[Link](https://www.amazon.in/s?k=door+handles&amp;ref=nb_sb_noss_2)
Are you stable?
Yeah you get it back but it's a hassle. And wrongly charged in the first place.
What about the video gamey ones? They must be soft...
Mice went into COM1, but what was that round keyboard port called?
If you buy a car seat with a base you can leave that permanently fixed in the car, while the actual seat clamps on and off easily. Graco has good ones. If you spend more you can get a stroller for that same seat. So out of the car and in the stroller within seconds. Worth the expense even if you don't get the stroller.
[Link](https://www.firstcry.com/graco/graco-snugride-snuglock-30-click-connect-technology-car-seat-black/3263795/product-detail?ref=GoogleShopping_7_809!!GSN_Smart_Shopping_All_Products!!&amp;gclid=CjwKCAiA35rxBRAWEiwADqB37-IVWcpmOqG2OlZ0iFhrIGgaYIP39WVcsKdT9Ur7dVlTAyaVvzGyBhoCeFoQAvD_BwE) If you can get someone to bring it from US etc it'll be cheaper - around 7-8k The base stays in the car and can be attached with isofix or the seat belt going through it. It's stable, but i always check the tightness of the belt whe nputting the seat in. Initially the child seat will be put in reverse, then when the kid is older it can be flipped. Any seat you buy, remember to have to discipline to ALWAYS use it. There will be times when you have to get to the hospital in a hurry, and the kid is screaming. Still use it. Accidents happen when you're distracted. And a yelling child is a big distraction in the car. And use it to bring the child from the hospital on day 1. Before doing that, test the infant on the seat in the hospital room. Put them in it and let them lie in it for 20 mins to see if they're comfortable and able to breathe fine (because they're not used to sitting obviously). Prop the head with soft cloths. Keep head straight. Look at youtube videos about bringing the child from hospital. Lots of them are there.
No isofix. Read somewhere there's a solution. You can get a isofix plate welded to your seat frame. Didn't go with that.
The guys who do metro station security are the same guys who do airport security. Not the mall dudes who wave a metal detector in your general direction.
Her back explodes!
They should give him a flesh prosthetic which he can dramatically rip off to reveal working terminator hands. A great way to emphasise your point.
There's no consensus on Delhi's name origin. Loose might be coming from Dheeli/Dheela but Dehliz (Border) is also suggested along with some guys name which I can't remember.
Why were they more common back then?
Fog. Pollution has been low. Not ideal of course, but not in the 400+ ranges.
It's Fart from Rick and Morty.
You come out of the toilet and the whole plane is looking at you because you caused this.
That's some severe turbulence there.
WHAT IS GOING ON!? PUT ALL THIS FIRE OUT!
Then you wouldn't have this video.
How though?
Generalizing an entire country is also wrong, no matter how many years they were oppresses by communists...
"How was Hitler like as a person?"
You brought that in.
This dehumanizing of poor people needs to end.
Fucking casual.
She does, does she?
Bombing hotspots by dropping chemical factories on infected areas...
You will tell it though your app. Because telling the "petrol pump boy" was too tedious.
Oh is that hot water running through it? I thought it was an electric heating element.
TBF you'd hire this photographer because he does stuff like this. Or won't, if you don't want stuff like this.
Buffalo are black.
After the earthquake guy should come the tsunami guy.
Yes.
While most people would just yell Worldstar and switch the front facing camera to get their reaction while filming public freakouts, this guy had the presence of mind to switch to slo-mo
What is their crime? Trying to enjoy a succulent meal?
That guy talks like John Malkovich and Bane.
Hand sanitize that bitch before using whatever it is you ordered.
"Tina, you fat lard, come get some DINNER!"
Am I the asshole?
Thanks to who? Kind stranger, or Brutal Acquaintance?
There was this other post about Reddit having a stroke. This is Reddit having a stroke.
I did not know the Doritos one. I.DID.NOT.KNOW.THE..DORITOS..ONE.
More than inconvenience. Attempted murder on some roads.
Us there any "service" they provide? Or it's just a sales commission for life?
What lap?
Is the pain finally over?
For Rs 1000 you can see unblurred meat.
Why not Corona?
Would you rather remember the date of the Nagasaki attack, or live through it? Tough choice.
They make the patient watch a Male to Female transformation surgery and that makes the testicles retract out of fright Then they just cut off the penis.
To mark landing spot for the helicopter.
At least he won't kill himself.
Hashtag Moor? Who are these people?
PC LOAD LETTER
After reading Rainbow 6, it's been weird walking under these sprays.
All of them.
Theatre?
I love chicken.
Maggie is standard but Wai Wai has character. People seem to be crazy about this other noodle called Indomie. It's sold out but the reviews promise it's better than sex.
Microsoft was Rick's intern back then.
Tell them you're Scottish-Indian.
You can't string all your sweatpants in one go that way.
But why marry them?
No respect for the wife!
Cavepeople is the accepted term.
Username? Wait till you see his cock!
There's already a bunch of cars stuck in the middle.
Then one day they're brought back on earth and they realise they're really heavy.
It'll still rattle around in nostrils. Earhole would fit better.
You're a Lion!
5 books of Avasarala torturing chickens because she can do whatever the fuck she wants.
Or when you want to double/triple/quadruple tap it to be sure but don't want to change weapons.
That's an elephant foot
All I see is stars
Search Chennai Google maps and let google maps pinpoint it. Those people are professional map pinpointers.
Search for Person of Interest. Also search for Rehoboam
If you're buying for your personal use, do you go through TPA? I thought companies went through TPAs.
The increased humidity from an asteroid strike will make the virus go away. And the raining lava.
A relentless fucking experience!
Deforestation would basically end that day.
I can't believe you've done this.
Goddam!
r/brandnewsentences
Ostriches are angry leftover dinosaurs
Where's the link for that Team America dialogue?
You should hear how he says Jus.
Other countries lack the freedom to let people watch launches.
There's no word like Elephanttrumpetnoise?
Canola is short for Canada Oil
Or at least have a horse shaped condom. Like those creepy horse masks, except for dicks.
Pussy is what plants crave.
Why wait?
Because it's so loud?
Custard men?
Balrog puts on mask...
Oceangull.
Cute, but deadly in flocks
And it's incredibly free.
Thank you, *Auntie.*
I had a Eureka Forbes vaccum too from the 80s or 90s. Used it annually to clean the computer till someone gave it away. Then bought a Rs300 blower from eBay that also lasted 10 years. Now it died and on Amazon is showing blowers for 2-3k.
Have you seen stream cleaners? They work on stone floors
Just the bad future tech? None of the good future tech?
Cock magic is coming back
By the year 3000 they've changed its named...
If you visit shine.com there's probably a line somewhere that'll say they never ask for money. Surely a scam.
Also they're not in a pattern.
SNARL!
Right in the kisser!
What do they do before developed teeth? I read somewhere they help in temperature judging and mouthfeel...
But where does the food go?
I've had M10 for nearly 6-7 years. Never had any durability issues. Upgraded to swan mk200iii eventually but the M10 is still in use otherwise. You have to keep the subwoofer on the table though. Below desk it won't sound satisfactory and the volume control is also on that unit. The light on the control however is so bright I had to paint it with a black marker, and it's still bright. They're not bass heavy. Very neutral.
I got the 3k Hario and later a Rs700 clone backup from AliExpress. Both have very similar output. Except the Hario clicks and the clone doesn't. It's used for pepper grinding now because the Hario is the backup to the Encore I finally bought after getting tired of manual grinding. My point is, if you're dripping 3k on grinder, might as well drop 9k on the Encore automatic. Specially if you're grinding very fine which takes forever on Hario.
Never had to pay custom on most purchases. If it's a big box or something really expensive then they charge whatever they feel like. Right now I don't think AliExpress will be delivering anything in the near future
