not satisfying since the gif ends too soon, as fucking usual around here.
&gt;can't be butch and straight I suppose you could be but the term 'butch' wouldn't really have the same meaning in reference to someone straight, it's not a term just about the way someone looks so it would be a bit of a misnomer, IMO. Lots of hot looking straight women have shaved heads and no one would ever say they were 'butch' because of it. (disregard all that if you were joking, my humor detector seems to be switched off today for some reason.)
I have a house plant that has been with me for over 20yrs I would definitely be sad if it was no longer in my house.
communism didn't and hasn't killed anyone, despotic, tyrannical leaders kill millions.
towel (for use as a pillow/prop/eye cover/towel/banky).
hands down mdma is the best.
No, op commented that they would need to sell their van in order to raise money for an apt.
This isn't an epa dispute it's actually a lack of any epa regs dispute. One state upriver is taking too much water because of mismanagement/no management and the other is pissed because their environment is being destroyed.
&gt; Was he trying to fuck up on purpose or something? this could very well be a possibility, bundy and clan have support in strange places and he could be one of them or he was paid off to bungle it.
I've been saying this for years, they need to take their shitty ideologies to the grave - racism, homophobia, sexism, extremist religions, regressionist bullshit.
&gt;I really need to make a CMV post about this, because I really don't get the praise with this flick and would love to hear why people consider it so great. I'm 100% with you on this, I don't get it. I can't get past the sub-par acting, funny fake accents, and blocky script to get to the 'good' part(s). I've tried to watch it at least three times and get to the half-way or 2/3 mark and am so completely fed up with the crappiness that any intrigue there might be is completely overshadowed by thoughts of my laundry. I've read most of these comments and just plain don't get it.
not as regular dancers but there are definitely special acts hired occasionally usually around st paddy's day.
It's right there on the front label so it's kinda your fault, OP.
sea of green
been more than a few armed car jackings/robberies in that mall over the past few years.
jesus, wsj under murdoch is ending up exactly how everyone feared it would. wsj is in its death throes.
wonder what they drive the rest of the year?
salmonella.
What exactly would people do? March? Make phone calls? Sign a petition? To what end?
hospital apologised because there is a video out in the wild that makes them look super shitty
if you're in a major city it shouldn't be hard to find, it's the happening combo atm.
saw both the sunbeam and OP's pictured brand at the dollar store today and they have identical packaging including the color, printing/font, wording, and the bulbs look identical the only difference is there is no sunbeam name on one.
Know in advance that banks and credit unions don't like to give out money unless you A++ credit, a loan broker is often a better option since they use multiple sources rather than just one.
Not saying they did it right but it was one of the reasons even if he likely didn't know shit about it since I can almost guarantee atf wasn't communicating with holder about anything at all especially this, It was still up to holder to know about it. Obama wanted to save face for holder but couldn't holdback the tide.
&gt; and was ended before he left office because it was a massive failure This might be what they said to the public but it never ended, atf does whatever they want and won't admit defeat which is why they ramped it up under obama. ATF actively allowed gun stores to sell to straw purchasers in large quantities, they were either getting kick backs or selling the guns wholesale themselves to the stores. They got caught and scrambled.
probably didn't 'allow' them they just went up there. btw /r/geology might like this.
I know that's what I'm commenting on, the article stated the experts the mine hired are claiming that most of the slide would be towards the quarry and the vid OP posted doesn't appear that way to me though a big caveat that I know dick about this sort of thing but I do know a little about shitty mining companies and how they like to claim everything is just fine.
&gt; intellectually dishonest, hypocritical, and cult-like. some religions breed this in a person so it's much easier for other groups to tap into
[Here](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1360/8937/files/GOP-HEIGHT_grande.jpg?v=1486064774) [here](https://i.imgur.com/hjhyHlp.jpg) [and here](https://i.imgur.com/lPMvR9f.jpg)
&gt;no matter which side they don't though, they want no regs/rules, anti-gay, anti-immigrant, authoritarian and white nationalism, guess who else wants all of this too?
so egg on my face, got it.
Up side here: She's going back to work in the Astronaut Office.
how is this even remotely satisfying?
and then someone tries to replicate and everything falls apart
My guess, If you're awake when the sun comes pouring in the room youre more likely to be out by 11.
where is this gif from?
Are you still living at home and financially dependant on them? Are you still in school and rely on them for a place to live? You might want to wait until you are 18 and able to be on your own before disclosing to them. No, I'm not advocating staying in the closet but if there is a real risk to your safety and wellbeing then this might be something to consider there are some parents that absolutely follow through with that 'disowning' thing. Also you might want to ask this in /r/lgbt and get answers from others who have been through similar situations.
&gt; she thought that was a sign I was a lesbian, well sometimes we recognize things in others that are similar in ourselves. :)
I think you misunderstand me, I know them from films and tv show not know them on a personal level, I am very familiar with their acting. I have seen the lead characters in one or more movies and am a fan of rockwell, mcdormand, and harrelson (woody more for his ability to pick and be associated with a project rather than his particular acting skills.
what in the hell are you talking about? that is exactly how you judge a movie - by the people involved in it and their track records. are you saying I can't judge a movie without personally knowing the actors and people involved?
which part is reclaimed?
Ohmy the music that man has made..
46%, 40%, or 38% isn't terrible and any of those are about the same that been reported since the election, why are these articles continiously posted when the numbers haven't changed? The real story is that *the numbers haven't changed* - these people still support this circus.
&gt; The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas [HERE](http://engl210-deykute.wikispaces.umb.edu/file/view/omelas.pdf)
Wow. I've never met a guy that didn't go down, I'm older and I can remember when this was actually a thing that guys would brag about. But I've been with a fairly large number of guys in my 35yrs of sexual activity and this has never once come up. Wtf is all I can say and where are these losers coming from that expect something they aren't willing to do themselves?
Duchamp is a well respected artist who arguably moved the art world in quite a substantial way - Cattelan's toilet is an upgrade they should take the toilet.
this is disturbing
cat's a bit of a dumbass though its paws would have worked just fine to get it off
This is the one that caught my eye, dude is wearing clothing - seriously wtf here.
yep, that green tea messes me up.
light roasts especially ethiopians mess with my stomach even when full and I always have coffee on a full stomach or I will have issues no matter the roast or origin. green tea is also an issue for me.
such a squishy little one
/r/tooktoomuch
Always carry plenty of water with you especially in the west, the dry, desert heat is no joke and you won't realize you're dehydrated until you already are and maybe not even then - heat injuries are no joke and take many days (or weeks) to recover from and even then you can still stay sensitive to the heat for months afterwards.
&gt; conspiracy was taken over bt t_d It's actually quite a bit better now, they did some house cleaning several weeks ago and the front page is no longer exclusively pizza, fuck hillary, and god emperor there are actually a few real live conspiracies that make the front though with modest scores.
&gt; $2.5 million this is probably enough to cover a couple of months worth of costs for the actual damages they caused, probably closer to a couple of weeks if we factor in hospital/doctors/ems/, jail/prison time, LEO pay, costs of crimes to the victims, increased insurance costs, property damages, welfare payouts, disability payouts, treatment center costs etc.
does this look awesome or complete shit? I can't tell.
/r/forbiddensnacks
&gt; Sounds like a sympathizer he absolutely is this
it concerns me that no one has eye or ear protection around that gun.
my point is the constant barrage of articles implying his ratings have plummeted when they have done no such thing, it just adds to the noise that is part of the onslaught of garbage being flung at us by the media when there are actual and serious events taking place that we should be focusing on rather than some imaginary numbers that are effectively meaningless post election.
it wasn't a single thing that made my decision it was the culmination of several years including the run up to the election which was handled very poorly IMO, the final piece wasn't memorable because it wasn't important then or now it was just the final straw. And I am fairly certain I cannot give you examples of a 'slow creep to the right' that has happened over the course of 10yrs.
I'm uncomfortable with his lack of visible hearing protection.
&gt;least biased And they may well still fit into this category especially since news outlets have changed so much over the past decade changed for the worse and we can probably agree on that, I just feel they have gone too far to the right for my tastes or maybe I've just gone too far to the left. I'll see if I can poke around this evening and find some examples.
&gt; NPR is an extreme liberal left organization. Weird since Cato and Heritage are major donors and have been for quite a while, also GOP is batshit right now so there's that.
Even with 200k down if the houses are starting at 350k with bidding wars then thats closer to 400k and would be almost 200k mortgage which is more than OP has currently plus higher taxes and insurance.
it's pasta so doesn't really last very long once it has sauce.
arugula pesto is awesome
seems a bit greedy and potentially harmful for the biome
my guess here is that the market is super hot and OP said the house is old and perhaps not renovated (my guess) meaning he's at the bottom of the market so finding another house at a comparable price would be difficult. I've been in these markets and investors and others go out and knock on doors to ask older owners if they would be willing to sell and when a house actually makes it to market they are snatched up within 24hrs and often don't even make it since agents have lists of people that want a house in the area. In a market like this you can't count on anything - availability, price, or condition it's all subject to change in a matter of days or hours sometimes.
&gt; a legal liability for the state. This is the largest part, CA doesn't want to fight a protracted legal battle with TX or AL after they discriminate, arrest, or harm a CA worker or for that matter pay workers comp after requiring them to go there in the first place and be subjected to potential harm. Seems like a smart move from where I'm sitting, also sends a subtle message to those states that they suck.
&gt; Bondarzewia berkeley *Although Bondarzewia berkeleyi is edible, it has been compared to eating shoe leather.* I'm eating it regardless. thanks, for the ID.
&gt; there are piles of radioactive material everywhere,... &gt;the mines were too close to the surface and they’re collapsing everywhere. deregulation works!
&gt; couch glasses thefuq, I've been wearing glasses since I was 4 and never thought of this. this could change things.
been hearing about this for almost 20yrs
&gt; There isn't anything on the planet nastier than a used hotel mattress. that's someone's fetish
She won't, GA is solidly red outside a few pocket in ATL and some down south (who mostly don't vote much). She doesn't stand a chance in hell but good for her for getting here.
ohgwd, someone make this happen.
viewed this gif from my front page and there's adjustment buttons there but they disappear when I go the specific link for the post itself. but ya, VLC is awesome.
and that we've severely restricted any new imports
&gt; at least explainable. Iraq wasn't explainable even a little bit aside from the war machine wanting to make money.
Can you paint? One wall done in grey would help cut down on the stark contrast between the walls and sofa or how about a large fabric wall hanging or other textile in a medium tone on the left wall?
Disaster capitalism works
It also sounds like you might not be meeting your basic protein requirements and this could cause the symptoms you've described. The protein doesn't need to come from an animal source but we adult humans need 50g of protein per day though some people need more than that 50g is the minimum for adults.
People magazine? and they are still in business seems like something from another century.
&gt;a movie So far there's enough material to make 20 movies
I've been saying this for years - give them N and S Dakota - plenty of room there's some oil up there along with grazing land - let them be white and shitty by themselves and we could finally build that wall since I'm sure everyone on the outside would agree it would be necessary.
Deregulate and let the market decide.
&gt; supporting shitty policies he's been shitty from way back: member of keating 5, left sick wife for his side piece while wife was bedridden following a horrific car accident.
&gt; they can be removed? who would do the removing? this shitty admin sure wouldn't be
Take one hit and enjoy the ride, you can actually not take any more hits if you choose.
What a completely sanitized, non info, twisted article, suck some more trump dick nbc. You are the problem perpetuating low info voters with this bullshit.
she was traumatized from the horrific portrayal of her in the press non-stop, the death threats, and constant harassment from all sides. pretty sure that consensual sex wasn't a negative.
&gt; All those farmers in red states would make more money by not selling their crops to other countries! Just give them more gov't farm subsidies and they will be a-ok
&gt; I am convinced that we are where we are right now because liberals and Democrats are afraid to ostracize and demean the lunatic right wing fringe in public Yes! For the past 30yrs (always actually) we've ignored, allowed, coddled, condoned -not sure what the right term would be here- these religious fringe nuts and here we are. The time for ignoring or allowing this nonsense is entirely over it is time to embarrass, demean, and shun these people.
/r/IndianCountry founder/mod here. I'll take a wild guess that this user (Opechan) is Native American/Indian themselves so they can use whichever term they choose.
&gt; didn't advance the story enough it did though it showed how deeply this idea goes in the hosts that have awakened this is an important plot point and is also give insight into the Ghost Nation characters and their background.
I used to work with a whole building full of people like this.
And that didn't result in an accident or damage of any sort.
Most of the thrift stores in my area do this, it's good and bad IMO - good because I would never buy a pair of white or yellow pants and bad because I have to trudge through the rest of the entire rack to find a size that might work.
So if this happens the neighboring states can look forward to refugees coming from fucking Louisiana? The fuck is wrong with your state? You continue to take oil, pipeline, and refinery money but still can't fund you coffers? You are doing something wrong, you should be rich after all these years in bed with oil.
a lack of understanding from not paying attention doesn't equal stupidity it means someone isn't taking the time to listen and interpret but a lack of understanding basic english and common definitions of simple words just might equal a lower than average intelligence.
what about boats that aren't mostly flat on the bottom?
you are replying in a comment chain that started with someone calling this episode 'filler' which is how all of this started in the first place and I thought it was you who said it or were at the very least defending their comment. maybe don't reply in someone else's comment chain in the future? or maybe it is yours and you're using an alt.
he's not gonna let someone else fuck his cousin.. you know, outta respect.
&gt; but I highly doubt he's "rich" [actually he is rich](https://www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-politicians/republicans/rudy-giuliani-net-worth/) by any definition and you don't have to be billionaire you can be multimillionaire rich and land plenty of ass too, never a shortage of people that will trade themselves for rent/travel/shopping/an allowance.
Just gotta hunker down and do it. My fella used to have disgusting breath firstly due to lack of flossing and secondly due to poor digestion. So I started by bringing it up gently and at first he was annoyed by the whole thing then he actively wanted to change things. I would gently remind him to floss and he started a regular routine then we discovered it was also a problem with digestion so he started drinking more water and taking pieces of whole raw garlic for digestion and eating more veggies eating a better diet overall and stopped taking antacids. It was a slow road but over the course of 2 or 3 yrs but he breath is fresh and clean now. I will say that this seemed to be something that ran in his family since his brothers and father also had the issue but was something that could be changed.
Many of us in the south have been boycotting since the early 90s when it was known exactly what they were about.
not so bad but would be doing a hell of a lot better if it wasn't routinely stolen from to pay for nonsense.
Lots of gay activism back then and CFL owner (Cathy) spoke out against lgbt rights and promoted their anti-gay 'christian' ethos rather loudly and aggressively with no ambiguity, this was while he was the very active owner and operator of the company- Press got wind of it and some of us reacted accordingly and it was funny because this last kerfuffle with them seemed more like a holdover from back then especially since Cathy was not all that active in the company anymore and would be dead soon anyway. Anyway still boycotting over here and I have been shocked at the dismissiveness of people that supposedly support lgbt rights about this particular issue just because they like their food. FFS you don't boycott because it's convenient and just happens to align with something you already don't buy.
Wish I could have had this, I had all of these symptoms for about 20yrs all the doctors told me was that b/c pills were the only option or shitty pain pills and the symptoms from those were worse to me than the crazy pms that sometimes made me pass out from the pain of the cramps. I wish someone had told me that ibuprofen works perfectly if you actually take enough of it to work (800-1000mg) , it got rid of my cramps every time if I caught it at the first twinge though it wouldn't work very well if I let it get bad before taking it. Docs kept telling me to take acetaminophen and it did fuck all for my cramps (or wanting to give me a prescription med that I wouldn't take). Now I'm past menopause and it's amazing to no longer have half of every month consumed by some sort of period related physical malady, no longer having crap coming out of my vagina for 9-14 days straight, no longer in severe pain for multiple days and in bed for at least 2-3 days/month, and not acting like a lunatic for 4-5 days/month.
2.8% right here, represent.
Chop Chop
grandma got a facelift a while back
O
considering she can no longer furrow her brow due to botox we may never know.
showed it with the Iraq war
I will be interested to hear of the results from DNA testing.
I'm saying that company didn't do background checks
fuck, there's no satire, no irony, it's all fucking dead
how do your hairy armpits smell?
did you listen to audio? doesn't sound like playing cards at all
this looks surprisingly good, hope it all works out.
&gt; before it can be enacted, i.e. pushed through by the current republican-controlled congress. this might not be something that has to go through congress just a restructering
&gt; they could be horse bones or dog bones, as long as it provided closure to the family, that's all that mattered. so wait a minute, it's being said that all these 'simpletons' need are some symbolic decomposed remains of an earthborn mammal along with some dirt and they will be just fine? If this is all it takes then I could go in my backyard and dig up my 6yrs gone dead cat and give it to them.
let's not act like this is new info (maybe aside from the cohen piece) this has been out for almost 2yrs but just like all the rest of the egregious shit it was ignored.
&gt; All I can add is the actual truth of the entire situation you are not a credible source of 'actual truth' , whateverthefuck that is suppose to mean.
&gt; Not many people just want to hook up. weird, it started as a hook=up site
sythol
Some might be surprised what a person would be willing to pay if it meant not being woken up by uncontrollable noise. Being woken up several times per night is akin to torture and is actually something that is done as torture. After a while you have anxiety about even going to sleep since you expect to be woken up. It's awful and if these had been available when I needed something like this I would have considered buying them.
Unless they decide to get help (therapy, counseling) things will more than likely remain exactly how they are, your choice is to accept that or move. you obviously can see things aren't normal and are pushing back now that you are older but as others have said it is their house and you probably aren't going to saying anything that will cause any sort of change in them so deal with it by spending absolutely the bare minimum of time there or work your ass off to find a new place to stay. low cost places to stay : cheap rooming house (rent a room in someone else's house), work share with an elder (you take care of tasks around the house, errands, and keep an eye on them in exchange for reduced rent/no rent), http://wwoof.net (do farm work in exchange for room and board) this last one is a pretty sweet deal IMO I had some friends do it and they loved it. In the meantime spend as much time as possible out of this house so you don't get drawn into their crazy - Get up, eat breakfast, go to the library/park/coffee shop and stay out of there until you need to come back for your chores. Ultimately they are in charge of their house and could technically kick you out if they were to choose so keep that in mind.
not to be a dick but van dwelling requires a van and my impression is that OP has no van or mean to acquire one.
salty red-hats don't like this
And is certainly an anomaly that is unprecedented here in the US.
I quit even going to their site because of it, I can get better content elsewhere.
&gt; incredibly dangerous and inexpensive abortion. that could actually end up expensive if things didn't go right
this is oddly phonetically accurate.
&gt;Pesci as The 'Mooch
And yet 90% of the domestic terrorism the past 3yrs in the US has been from right-wing extremists.
I only wash my hair once every couple of weeks anyway also I could give-up the product known as shampoo indefinitely because I could make something to clean my hair but I darn sure can't make a phone.
love the vintage metal cabinets with the drainboard sink (looking at one of these currently) everything looks so cozy. you might run into some issue with the lack of an exhaust for the stove though smells and grease will accumulate on the tops of cabinets and walls (dealing with this currently).
Trump is a virus
&gt; already been proposed. of course it has.
I like it!
&gt;Seems almost quaint not really, 100k people died (more probably, some say closer to a million) and an entire country was laid to waste that still hasn't recovered so this wouldn't fit in the 'quaint' category for me.
&gt; That would mean they cleared over 20% of the voter rolls over 5 years, Not to be too contrary here or to defend these egregious actions but these people can re-register and we can assume that many did just that.
&gt; Re-registering on voting day isn't allowed not saying it is, just saying people that were purged a year ago have had plenty of time to fix the situation. no, it doesn't help those that were purged directly prior to these midterm elections but to just count deletions as though they are permanent and irrevocable isn't quite accurate.
&gt; It's a broken system that does tangible harm to our Democracy. yes it is
&gt; That is a tough situation It's not tough at all the sister is a toxic, dangerous drunk that shouldn't be around OP or OP's kids, end of story.
&gt; using a fake child in a sympathy scam ya know, ~~as scummy as this sounds it's about 1000% better than using a real kid for the scam especially when they drug the kids to do it~~. I have a seething, personal hatred towards people who involve kids in their panhandling. EDIT: Pretty sure this is actually a real kid based on this vid: https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=Cu2jd_1520098454
ClownHall coming through with a solid.
&gt; her head turn to the side yep, [here's another vid](https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=Cu2jd_1520098454) with the kid moving and looking at the camera at the end.
&gt;How Money
~~This is insanity from the get go, who tf would ever think this would be a good idea? I've done some things that might be considered a bit out there in the alt-medicine scale but this one is batshit as well as something that has never once crossed my radar of wacky alt treatments and I've seen some things that are pretty out there.~~ edit: alright guess I have to give her some slack after watching the whole vid- she was crazy from celiac and that could have caused her to do something like this. Glad she got better.
"Campaign" This wasn't a thing.
There would def be a at least one psychotic breakdown and the show would be canceled. But until then I would watch this every week
huh?
metal and glass, seems like things would cook to a nice medium well inside.
or if you are having trouble staying quit
&gt; It's female dominated. house/interior decor/kitchen/family is ladies domain, commercial real-estate is male dominated
Hey, 1986 called they want their activists back.
&gt; spray butter very bad, eat real butter
there are several crimes he has on his list not just tax evasion
you did what?
&gt; not hearing fucking anything it's difficult to hear and if you aren't using decent headphones it might be almost impossible even without any hearing issues.
more than likely not lucy, many things sold as lsd aren't actually lsd
&gt; regret having to But is this a regret? you obviously wish things had been different but there was absolutely nothing you could have done to change her choices and who she turned into. In my mind regret is looking back on something and wishing we had made a different choice when we had the opportunity not that we just wanted things to be different even though things were out of our own control.
&gt;donate it most places won't take a used dishwasher
&gt; nascent iodine nascent is unnecessary after the first month taking it, regular iodine is fine after that and so much cheaper.
&gt; That’s how things were 10 years ago. Everybody did it. Really? 2008 was vastly more homophobic than today? I don't seem to remember that. If we were talking about 20yrs ago I would say yes because the 90s were definitely a different time but 08 just wasn't that long ago.
could you explain this wizardry to me?
[poppingkream with the break down](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a4wvmc/accused_russian_spy_maria_butina_appears_to_reach/ebi594f/)
Found out a friend does anal on the first date.
Sheriff is an elected position so there is no educational requirements to run or hold the office.
ya realized I should have stated this was a girl and probably the era as well, this was almost 20yrs ago and anal was def not as ubiquitous as it is now especially for women.
Vit D, mag, zinc, K these all work together and if one is missing the others might not work correctly or at all. most adults in the US are deficient in magnesium.
this sub is more for the nuts and bolts of a house and ownership not family interactions This belongs in /r/relationship_advice and/or /r/legaladvice
much better than the previous version, this update looks to be a big improvement for '19
Holy crap, I had to scroll down way too far to find magnesium, it should be the go-to for anxiety before anything else.
magnesium should be the first answer in any post about anxiety IMO.
hell yes, I have a big purchase coming up.
How can they take a job that isn't freely offered?
Why hasn't her impeachment started yet?
One word for you: Mullet
:)
I've heard of Maroon5 and Taylor Swift and Swift only because of HQgifs sub doing their version of her video a couple of years ago (it was awesome btw). I'm clueless why I know the name maroon5.
&gt;.. would have paid for nda's regardless of his candidacy. that is a bit of a stretch It's completely implausible since he hadn't yet paid these women for affairs that were years past and only did so prior to the election.
Musk should have made a special Florida version of his 'flame thrower'
but whatabout HILLARY?!
And not safe for some of us non-celiacs either, I puked my guts up one night after having a great big dinner then decided to have a Daura, had about half of it and started feeling wonky and by the time we were home I was nauseous about an 30min later I puked up my whole dinner. No, it was food poisoning because I immediately felt better afterwards and wasn't sick any more and I felt fine before I drank the beer.
This title makes it sound like a new discovery when there's nothing new here, this has been going on since at least the 90s.
&gt; Pork exports to China and soybeans, china was by leaps the largest buyer of soybeans from the US.
Went gluten free entirely, prior to that I was sort of GF and things were kind of limping along better than when I was eating gluten full force but I was still sick. Once I went strict GF my PMS all but disappeared so did the debilitating cramps as time went on my periods were shorter and easier. edit: who the fuck is downvoting this?? you know fuck all about my situation and even less about the symptoms of gluten intolerance, horrible cramps and pms are two of them.
fucking-a right. Hike in the woods alone or with my SO is my xmas.
don't need to pull it out to pee just tuck ithe string in your leg crease, can't imagine how many tampons you must go through if you change every time you pee.
that sub in infuriating with all the completely unsatisfying things that make it to the top, gifs cut way too short, jumbled up content that is interesting but in no way satisfying. All I can think about when I see all the crap gifs upvoted is if these people think these things are satisfying then I wonder how they fuck?
/r/EnoughInternet
don't forget to wash behind your ears.
Communist. ok.
strong
hot
I'm american and didn't really grow up with rice but I eat quite a bit of several varieties and I can't imagine not rinsing seems like it would be sort of crappy like just a big gooey pile, not separate and flavorful like it should be. Only exception I could see would be brown rice it doesn't seem like it need much rinsing though I do give it at least one.
*"The company argued that bolstering Louisiana's energy sector is for the common good,"* which common good would that be?? the pipeline is moving a commodity in order for a private company to make money, please explain who this benefits outside of this company?
Use a smaller dildo or even a cucumber or zuccini to practice.
He owned a dozen taxi medellons that he had to 'give up' but this wasn't seized by gov't or court he just can't own them as a felon so presumably he would have transferred them to his family and they are still bringing in money.
Terrible, don't bother. /s
NPR is in the pocket of Heritage Foundation, Cato, and Cargile
HA this is a great idea, there's one of the biggest volcanos in the world under Yellowstone.
Way to rustle those jimmies Rashida, keep it up.
/r/femalefashionadvice might know
&gt; Switch out the flour at a 1:1 ratio for Pamela’s All Purpose Gluten Free flour I going to say that ya, you can do this but it probably isn't 'fine' since GF flours usually need a lot more moisture and fat for a good end result IMO it's usually much better to find a GF recipe that was made as a GF recipe.
thanks for the link and explanation, I'll dive in later tonight.
Impeaching would be a waste of time mostly since the senate won't push it through and it would take over a year or close to the rest of his term. Go after him from a legal standpoint actually bring state and federal charges against him and then actually convict. At the most impeachment would take him out of office but that would be the end of it but this isn't really possible without the votes in the senate so don't waste time on it. Investigate his financials and then prosecute for every dirty thing he's touched.
I'd like to see her define 'dysmorphia'
maybe that's too vague for him, use the phrase 'if I don't get oral then you don't get oral'
This is a well disguised advertisement.
that junkmail has a bunch of nasty chemicals in it that you really shouldn't inhale
you have a house and presumably a yard of some sort, have a fire with all this crap outside this isn't for your fireplace for multiple reasons.
now do it on a water bed with no sheets...
ya, but there have def been enough cases of wrongful conviction and coerced confession that were years later solved with dna from the kit. If the kit is skipped and the only dna there is comes from the convicted then this could keep innocent people from getting out of jail as well as allowing rapists to evade justice.
Mick Jagger and David Bowie [Dancing in the Streets](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHkhIjG0DKc)
I've tried to replace an item with an identical one and it never really worked out, it actually broke the spell and I was no longer attached to either so I guess it worked in that I no longer needed either one.
&gt;would look better yep and if you wanted a consistent look just cover them in fabric or paper rather than a substance that ruins the book and will be all over the floor by the next day.
Use the search, this topic has been discussed many times.
never been on twitter either
&gt; it will keep a shadow profile Fortunately for me I never had any of real account, it wasn't my real name and aside from my state of residence it never had any personal info, pics, no friends/contacts, or really any sort of distinguishing info at all. I also currently use ublock and a couple of others that block a lot of the tracking in addition to having completely deleted FB apps from my devices. I know they are ubiquitous but I'm doing a little bit to counteract their shittiness. Guess the next step is 24/7 VPN and a few other things that block tracking but I'm not quite there yet.
&gt; HO yes she is.
&gt; I'll keep my dignity homophobe much?
the homophobia?
xmas vay-cay
&gt;He charges extremely high rates. This is a private water company owned by an individual?? I've never heard of such a thing, is this in the US? How are the meters set up? What type of checks and balances are there? This all sounds super dodgy. Standard answer to high water bill: Turn off all of your water and check the meter, if it's still running there is a leak. But in this situation this might not work, where is the meter, how is it set up, how do you receive a bill, are the houses on seperate meters or combined? HOW THE HELL DOES THIS WORK?
&gt; no one seems to be able to help Calling them probably won't do much this is an extremely odd situation that will need an in-person visit to someone up the food chain that isn't answering a phone. If you are in an incorporated city this could be a better route to go rather than the county. Also local news might like an opportunity to run this story since it's so odd and smacks of all sorts of shenanigans on the part of the 'owner' of the water. Just wanted to add that my BIL on septic pays about $15/month for water and unless this guy is treating the water this is highway robbery and I'm not even sure if it's legal.
&gt; trip down in person though your tax rolls should solve the issue of who handles the area, are you paying city taxes to an incorporated city? then they would be the ones, if you are not part of a city (and not paying their taxes) then it would be on the county. Should be some maps with city and county boundaries to answer these questions.
Not sure if this is something for the 'natural' route, you need to understand the cause before you can work on a cure or repair or something to alleviate symptoms so until you have that worked out there isn't much you can do. Figure out why you have this then there might be something to help it but until you have that information it isn't a good idea to seek out random aids or cures that might not have anything to do with the cause of your illness.
mag deficiency is caused by variety of factors but it seems that the progressive decrease in nutrients in the soils and therefore our foods is the main cause as well as the toll chemicals and pollution put on our bodies. as for exercise if you are using your body more it requires more and mag is used and needed in every part of the body so if it isn't replenished at a greater rate than it's being used there will be a deficit.
Don't forget religion on that list, its a key lynchpin tying it all together.
Npr has crept so much to the right over the past 10yrs they are definitely now on the right side of the spectrum IMO.
&gt; some good movies? eh, a couple are alright.
&gt;olive oil base instead ya, I did this and it was complete garbage.
&gt; the video he just posted Is this on par with the one where he came out as a gay man in response/defense to the accusation of his sexually assaulting several underaged boys?
Wednesday as in day after christmas? or next wednesday a week from now? If it's in 2 days this is a reasonable amount of time especially since it's christmas and I'll guess most hvac repair people are not working. Boil a pot of water on your stove, turn on the oven, close the doors to all none used rooms and camp out in your kitchen.
Get away from him now, this will get worse, this isn't love.
&gt; Showing nazi symbolism is illegal where? It isn't in the US, there are no illegal symbols.
I'm in the market for one currently. Does yours make noise when you move it or shift your body? Do the beads move around where you can feel them shifting?
steel cable for a suspension bridge, rope, chain, eel, octapus/jellyfish tentacles, spider web, lizard, iguana, electric wire, conduit, gears and pulleys, vines, roots, hair, ants, a giraffe.
Actually just shopped for one, def not hard to get just pricey amazon, etsy, private stores, individuals all sell them now. there are many different sizes, weights, colors, and fabric and also different types of weights inside as well. There are also dozens of tutorials and plans on how to diy one though it looks like quite a bit of work.
So your sample of 2 is what you are basing your idea of accuracy on? You do know that this would be laughed at by any scientist, right? A sample size of two isn't a thing.
I see OP has rightly stfu and not entered into commenting though I was hoping for something juicy.
&gt; was a crackhead, and I believe he had one of those butane torch lighters. this makes it sound like an accident, he intentionally set that fire edit: and served virtually no time for it and then they did a tv spot about his 'great progress' when he got out of his short stint in jail.
&gt; highly flammable material wasn't dangerous how they stored it or really extra flammable it was arson that caused it so not really GDOT's fault
&gt; I don’t really have a lot of time for one This is 100% something there should be time for, pills will help with the major symptoms but actual long term management comes from guidance with a good therapist. The thoughts and fears you are having are exactly what they help you deal with in a healthy way.
&gt; There should probably have been minimum clearance between the chainlink fence and the material. I can agree with this and it should even have been more contained than it was. I'm still mad about how people are blaming GDOT instead of the arsonist and that this criminal wasn't punished more in accordance with the amount of damage he did and that they had him on TV like some sort of 'success story' about getting off drugs. Maybe we should do this with drunk drivers after they have served their time too?
NTA, You were dating someone for a year and they never brought up that they might be transitioning in the near future then went ahead and did it. This is enough for a break up right here IMO but then you find out you're now dating a guy instead of the woman you originally were dating with zero discussion about it this is more than enough grounds for a break up.
How about some damned recess and PE?? Remember when recess 3 or 4 times a day was a thing in elementary school? I do and it was awesome, we went outside and played on the monkey bars, played 4 square, tag, tether ball, hopscotch, or just ran around chasing each other for no particular reason. Oh and we walked to school and walked home. Kids learn to be active by actually being active.
&gt; loss of recess around 10 or 11 Most schools have severely cut back on recess even at younger ages compared to prior decades this is a huge problem IMO. We had 3 or 4 recesses per day at young ages and later one or two fewer recess but an organized PE class. Junior high we had PE and you had to participate, sports were always encouraged and it didn't have to be a team sport we had an oddball class that had bicycling, bowling, and some other weird thing, we also had surfing (not on school hours though), golf, swimming, and diving classes.
looks great and I feel as though there is still untapped potential waiting to be let loose.
&gt; going cold turkey? :) I had shorter hair at the time and was letting it grow out and as it grew I didn't think it had the proper shape to straighten and to end up with the look I wanted so I just stopped and it looked better so I let it be.
Pay 575mil to make several billion, sounds fair.
How? Don't interact with them at all and this means no visits, no phone/text, or email and this might be for 6months, a year, or the rest of your life you are under no obligation to interact with someone abusive even if they were a parent. You need time to sort all of this, hopefully get some therapy, establish solid boundaries for yourself for interaction, then you could possibly consider reestablishing contact if you choose to.
apt user name - definitely signs of psychosis here.
good lord that's a lot of weight for a front squat, my quads hurt just watching her.
let me dig for a bit and I'll see if I can find it. He lived with a very young boy in sri lanka, there are pics of him in their house there and clarke took care of his family and buried him when he died. He also admitted to sleeping with young boys (around 12 or 13 so technically not a pedo I guess) years ago in an interview, also the age of consent in sri lanka was 12 when he moved there.
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings - Maya Angelou The Color Purple - Alice Walker Meridian - Alice Walker Richard Wright (anything by him) The Fire Next Time- James Baldwin
Charlie Kaufman
I have questions about all 4 of those eyebrows, 2 in particular are very disturbing
those eyebrows though
/r/awefuleyebrows
&gt; You can't tell, you can maybe sort of tell by taking a complete history from them (criminal records included) and maybe having a gander at their FB profile which would have shown his pic with the gun - this might be a piece of the puzzle that indicates he isn't exactly on the right path in life and that he might not be the most upstanding of citizens. IMO donor should be default and a non-donor should be the opt-out
I skink he's cute
I dont' see a problem here, they even have the paint matched.
Davis, evil twin of David
This looks very interesting, Thank you!
it's usually required to use longhand but we'll accept typing just this once.
61-65% white. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_ethnicity_in_the_United_States https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/percentage-non-hispanic-whites-hits-all-time-63-article-1.1371772 http://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/united-states-population/
how's that working out for you?
/r/pornforants
parents of some autistic kids have been saying something similar for years and people kept laughing at them, parents would change their kids diet and see incredible results.
start putting your money away into a separate account that he doesn't have access to so when the time comes you won't be left with zero balances and have to fight to get it back.
&gt;it really?
Moss is amazing to walk on and I do it often in my yard but I don't want it in my bathroom.
'Selfish' doesn't make sense to me in the context of not having kids, it make sit sound like there's some queue of kids waiting to be born and if some of us forgo then those kids are still waiting to get born. The only way 'selfish' could be applied is if someone had a kid and left them for someone else to care for because they found something better to do.
Yep, I sat and watched through the aughts all these young girls say they weren't feminist and the fight was over, I knew how dangerous this was and here we are.
do you know that illegals can't get welfare?
Protein and fats right before bed and probably way more fat than you think you need. I've always had the same issue with waking up hungry, I eat right before bed every night and have it worked out pretty well, I think. I have a serving of chicken - around 30g worth of protein usually with a mayo based sauce for dipping (full fat on the mayo) or olive oil dressing that I make, rice cake with full fat cream cheese (a generous serving of this), onions on the rice cake, and a persian cucumber or good sized chunk of seedless cucumber. This usually gets me through the night with no issue. Both the fat and protein are key in this if I leave out either than I might wake up needing more food.
I didn't watch the whole vid, did you put sealant on the seams?
&gt; Hershey’s logo is deceiving. it's not just the logo it straight-up smells like delicious chocolate.
looks more like a Daisy to me.
&gt; on top of my stove, the heat will degrade the flavors of the pepper and possibly shorten the life of the pepper grinder itself
I would really like to know how these guys thought this would turn out.
&gt; but it was the only way he could stop having to buy them again. not exactly the only way - there are large, steel lock boxes for job sites that exist these are anywhere from foot locker sized to shed sized with steel on all six sides and obviously too heavy to move by a person.
&gt; How did it get to that point? no jobs, car manufacturers left so the people left this has caused a decades long decline
&gt; there aren't food/fruit trees readily available in the South. there's a strange and dark history with this in the south - in some places it was against the law to have fruit or food growing in your front yard this is still the case in many places and places it wasn't actually illegal it was strongly recommended not to - same reasons we don't have sidewalks.
&gt; I've heard the piercing works great at stimulating THROUGH the hood, I had one of these for years and it was pretty awesome, I would recommend OP try this before letting someone remove parts of her genitals. I had a woman do the piercing and she knew exactly where to do it, there was almost no pain involved and it healed very quickly. edit: FYI the piercing should always be done vertically not horizontal if you are looking for increased feeling, horizontal is a looks based piercing and not recommended by top tier piercers. Please do proper research about this piercing and the piercer doing it.
Your iphone will cost 2k
No it isn't, its being hangstrung by a ridiculous policy that doesn't exist for any other entity on earth. This policy was put in place in order to force the implosion of the USPS to enable privatization. Btw Cato can eat a dick.
&gt; usually am the one who gets blown off dumped. maybe look for the guys that chase after you instead of you chasing after them, this seems to have worked for me, might not always be exactly what you want but you have a better opportunity to keep your wits about you and it's nice feeling desired rather than wondering if your own desire will be reciprocated.
/r/babybigcatgifs
I have a 2000sqft single family home my ins is $800/yr
&gt; 'chan board raided Stormfront and Stormfront kind of raided them back and started targeting the platform for recruitment. this is def true and both used to raid this site regularly as well, stormfront did a lot of recruiting here.
&gt;It is also very pretty and has lots of outdoorsy areas to explore. So much of this, it's mindblowing. I've considered moving there for just this reason.
I just gotta ask how do you all eat this stuff and not feel like complete shit?? And I mean physically not any sort of guilt or shame. Aside from the fact I can't eat gluten any sort of processed stuff (without gluten) and I feel shitty for 2 or 3 days afterwards. Digestion is screwy, head is foggy, tired, maybe weird aches and pains, odd food cravings.
what is the point to this? seems like it would be annoying.
As a woman I would have to check myself out of that situation real quick, no way I would stick around to find out what happens.
/r/spiderbro would like this
&gt; Iron deficiency has to come from somewhere. This can come from eating beans daily not eating enough iron containing foods, beans deplete iron it doesn't have to be from heavy periods or other health issues, and women are prone to low iron especially if they have a trim build. Low iron will also mimic depression. I get that vit D deficiency could be it here but it could also be iron since OP is female and no need for competition since it could well be both at the same time!
Isn't he in solitary for his own protection? He's an old, white, rightwing former 1%er- a prime target if ever ther was
Exercise and/or outdoor activity (even a walk), plenty of new studies to back up the effectiveness for this but if you really want a pill then I would suggest a magnesium supplement, ashwaghanda, or L-theanine also check out /r/supplements and search for 'anxiety'
your diet sounds good! keep it up. &gt; Im taking a magnesium supplement. what type of magnesium (oxide, malate, aspartate, citrate, or other) and how much are you taking? some are much better than others and some don't really work at all IMO. Have you tried ashwaghanda? And maybe some licorice? this is a go-to for me when I get super spun out. The reason I keep talking about magnesium is that it can be depleted by certain antidepressants and other psychiatric drugs and it's important to take a regular supplement.
actually I'm claiming their stats are wrong based on their other wrong info - people that don't do well with reality tend to not do statistics well either.
So by this I take you would like to reduce the overall number of abortions, right?
H1B has been abused for over 10yrs by businesses looking to pay 1/2 the prevailing wage and none of the benefits for professional talent, rein it in and do the same for H2B. Don't abolish either but make the hiring entity jump through some real hoops in order to hire from out of country, make them show they actually tried to hire from the US because at this point they dont' do any such thing.
chunky noodle
&gt; think this is a good idea? actually it's way worse, her parents made her marry him but the court later decided to annul because he's her uncle.
vaccinations cause liberalism
We rank below in education, prosparity, happiness, and health.
Spray paint your address on your can (stencils work well here) or you can use adhesive numbers but they can be removed.
Instant
I have a house and DIY all the time, buy from CL and used shops for almost everything I bring into the house I also refuse to pay delivery charges when I can do it myself. Oh, and camping.
omg, please **do not** put the plastic in the microwave, use glass.
&gt; Atta Boy rewards every month. How's the exchange rate for Atta Boy Bucks these days?
her friend: OMG you'r having a baby. Y'know what I heard? you should name your baby after your two favorite things in the whole world. Mom: ohshit, I know exactly what I'm gonna name her.
&gt; when the ligaments &amp; muscles weaken ..and I'm doing kegels
if they are inside only you don't need to treat for fleas unless you have fleas in your house for some reason but then you need to figure out why you have fleas. don't waste money or put unnecessary chemicals on your animals or inside your house if you don't need to, fleas don't just wander inside of a house they have to be brought inside.
&gt; Good on her parents for creating a wonderful human being. I've read a bit of her history and seems her parents weren't really there for her like they should have been, she had to bounce around with relatives and finally left the whole situation to be on her own at 15 and then seemed to be able to get it together and focus on school and get a scholarship.
sacramento and corona are two different places separated by about 400 miles
lets see if AL can figure out the right thing to do here
change a few republican names and this could be from today. I miss george.
Moss bird
&gt; licensing it :) You ain't from around here, are ya?
&gt;take it down or just install a 4x4 post under that corner? the other corner is supported by the walls so one on the other side should handle it.
People also have complete remission when switching to a keto diet or a zero carb diet. And in the case of the study they took out both meat and processed foods so which was the major factor?
And now my sunday is watching john woo
My running shoes are recommended for 300mi
This is an important part of the puzzle
How does this reduce waste? You're still using a disposable bag.
Avocados are $2.50 each at some places around here seems like you'd want to protect your investment.
&gt;bunch of kids, and they are okay but they make me nervous. I say this and no one gets it. Anyway have the wedding you want not the one someone else wants for you or for themselves.
I think my point is $1 or 50cents for a garnish or side is a bit extravagant for many people, I have it as a treat occasionally but it isn't a staple like it would be if the cost was lower like it is in other parts of the country/world.
why can't it be a horbra?
get a couple of other estimates 1800 seems really high for something that is supposedly 'covered', I would expect that price to be without any coveragel so might be you'll find a cheaper price without going through insurance at all.
Because then some idiot would show up in cutoff shorts and it would fuck up the pool equipment. They have to have some rules on clothing.
Pandering to a decent sized block of voters? Isn't that what a candidate does as a matter of course?
Not on camera
Yes but there's a piece of plastic the fills the gap around the exhaust pipe. You can also fashion something yourself out of aluminium or cardboard if you have a weird shaped window.
&gt; Also the fact that your unit is inside and generating heat. they have to be vented to the outside to carry the hot air out
&gt; can't say it was any good. I can't speak to this particular unit but the one I borrowed coupled with two decent house fans cooled my entire 2000 sq ft house to a livable temp. &gt; fitting the pipe meant the window had to be open (even if partially) seems like it would be pretty easy to close off the window using cardboard covered with plastic or duct tape or aluminum ducting tape - I could have something figured out to seal a window with a pipe going out in a couple of hours with crap laying around the house and it would be more than adequate .
Heavy plastic sheeting is an option and would probably handle keeping out the heat especially if there were also curtains though probably not something you'd want unless the conditions were pretty serious but if it was over 90 inside for more than a few days then I would consider it if it were financially feasible.
Ha! That's a good one.
yuck, I live in the southern US and it's 90F right now but we have ac of course, the ac went out last year around this same time and we couldn't get out repair guy out for almost a week, it was terrible. We finally had to borrow a portable ac so we could get some sleep. Fans help but when it's that hot it's inescapable. stay hydrated and eat lots of extra salt.
&gt; no out of pocket cost it definitely cost you and extended your loan as well
Yes. They make portable UV pens for water treatment, these are used by backpackers.
Monster Girl Interrupted
sure seeing a lot of cropped ears here lately, this is a shitty thing to do to a puppy.
sure it was rat poop and not black cardamom or peppercorns or some other small black pellet like spice? I've shopped there for years and not seen anything that looks overtly unclean. but to answer your question - ya, I would still buy their spices.
My fella had 'someday' ticked under the kids category when we met and i repeatedly grilled him about this when we stared dating. I had told him I was 100% CF around our 3rd date and he didn't really react to that so I brought up the topic several times and asked him very specific questions about how he felt about no kids, I probably did this a half dozen times in the first 6 months just so we were very clear. Being CF should be talked about specifically within the first handful of dates and if there is any doubt on either side it needs serious discussion. This isn't a common topic so it's possible that the other person doesn't have these ideas fully fleshed out yet. The onus is on the CF party to make their position clear.
&gt; OP could have made it clear sooner. could have?? 100% should have and has a moral obligation to do so. If anything OP was manipulative by allowing GF to think her LTR was headed towards having children when it wasn't and let her waste a year thinking they had a future. (sorry OP, I know your reading this and I don't mean to be so harsh on you since you've already admitted to screwing up it's more directed to these yahoos that seem to think it's ok to tell your SO blatant falsehoods to avoid confrontation and who are running head-on to blame the woman)
Men have a seriously difficult time with the cops when they report sexual assault - historically they haven't been taken seriously and the cases aren't really given much (if any) attention. If it does somehow manage to get in a court room then the victim has to suffer through it all over again and very often ridiculed by their family and peers. Add on top of this that many of these men might not be 'out' yet and these guys definitely aren't reporting anything.
Praise Bob
&gt; got dishonorably discharged. highly unlikely to have been dishonorably since he was later hired by the gov't- there are other types of discharge that happen early
pretty much the same requirements for adopting a human but if you could squirt a litter of pups from your vagina then there would be the same low threshold as if you popped out a human.
&gt;not some toothless hill-billy most meth is made south of the border and shipped into the US.
jesus saves
that's some pretty serious motor control for someone that can't walk very well.
I'm still rocking my G4 because of it's removable battery- yae this might be the only one left still running.
&gt; (which is dumb). it's dumb but I think they are doing it so they have LEO involved and not just a clerical worker that takes the forms, the fingerprinting has been with the business permits for decades and they just haven't combined or moved them closer. Though if they move the gun permitting then the whole joke of the marriage/gun license office won't exist any more.
jesus, no. he's a pussy for starting this in the first place to deflect from his personal problems then trying to act like a bully on twitter then backing down from the bullshit position he took. none of this should be going on at all.
At 6 months a baby is viable and its highly unlikely it would have been aborted since its almost impossible to access an abortion that late unless there are some serious medical reasons.
Again
Is there a business illegally dumping in this dumpster? often housekeeping services or landscapers dump where they shouldn't. Are there cameras to monitor illegal dumping? if not there should be.
Boulders. there's a house a couple of neighborhoods over that is on a corner that had been hit several times so they put huge boulders in their front yard to block any cars from hitting the house.
And Natural Born Killers And if you want historical context to see where they came from watch Badlands (1973)
I just watched it for the first time a few months ago and am fascinate with it and completely enamored by QT and scorsese's redo of it with natural born killers by taking it to the complete and polar opposite with all the quick cuts, heavy action, jam packed scenery, and wonky camera angles where badlands is slow moving with sparse scenery and the action almost languid. Then true romance with an updated accidental crime duo who ends up beating the gangsters and the law. And the almost carbon copy of the the main musical theme from badlands which is perfect and a great homage. I'm planning a weekend of rewatching all three so I can do some more comparisons.
&gt; very quotable it's definitely this
'Used' doesn't always mean it's been returned they also sell scratch and dent so items with damaged packaging are also sold that way.
more modern day but Philip Seymour Hoffman
people in FL in manatee country are effing serious about protecting them - you do not mess with the waterways or the manatees down there. edit: I just found out you can't cuss in this sub.
twitter isn't a source
this is way less terrifying for me than to think about being chemically preserved in a concrete vault for eternity.
Your pit might have some bit boxer in him too
seems like people are trying to sabotage Boeing from the inside, maybe embedded spies in for the long game that will continue with the death of a thousand cuts.
&gt; Don't armchair diagnose someone without a qualification, stop telling people what to do. we're on a casual site in a casual sub that person can give their opinion all they want and there's nothing wrong with doing so. This kind of info gives OP a starting point to look up information. not sure where all this pollyanna nonsense about 'diagnosis' is coming from recently on the tubes but someone telling a story then another person saying it sounds like BPD isn't a fucking diagnosis since no patient was seen by anyone at all.
time for a lemon party
&gt; I can't have neighbors randomly coming over wanting to hang out I've been fixing up my new place and about to move this month and and my new neighbor has been over repeatedly when I'm over there doing repairs. I've had to reign that in and cut it short at every opportunity, I think I have her just about trained now but things could escalate after I move in.
Possibly but there is looser or tighter, shorter or longer, more coverage or less coverage, dark vs bright colors, all of these are options for any body type and the proper combinations would work to camouflage body parts to make them less noticeable.
&gt; centrist right wing, corporate speak
&gt; some people are striving to be bourgeois in the future
Look, OP is in an adversarial situation and sounds like she would prefer to continue riding vs quitting because of the assholes. Should she have to modify her clothing to thwart off shitty behavior? Of course not. Should she stop and talk with every asshole to try some conscientiousness raising on the trail? fuck no. Is there a way that she could possibly draw less attention to herself by altering the way she looks? Why yes indeed there is: Start with nothing form fitting, maybe add an extra large, drab windbreaker or large long sleeved shirt, some loose mountain biking shorts instead of spandex, loose crew neck t-shirt instead of a tight tank top or tee, loose or baggy below the knee shorts, skip the neon and pastels, and ride like the wind.
&gt; shitting into someone's pillow case. what?? no this isn't an acceptable prank. wtf, who even thinks like this?
I would like to know how much force this took and why this person thought it was necessary to deconstruct an avocado?
In another room
&gt; My wife kicks me until I move to the couch. are you ok with this? seems like seperate rooms would be a far more equitable solution.
&gt; Can we not make fun of actors now? you can and people can voice their opinions about it, choose to protest it, and withdraw support because of it.
You are describing an abusive relationship- both physical and emotional abuse - this isn't right and you should not accept this. You should not be together with her.
I was around 8 or 9 and the first baby I ever held puked all over me, I'm currently 53 with no children and no plans for any.
mostly always?
'Antifa Group' this is weird to me, the default for any rational, evolved person should be an anti-fascist ideology so no need to designate a special group as such.
def no bun on this guy
&gt;3% of men will experience an attempted rape or complete rape in their lifetime. Calling bs, male rape victims do not report so there are absolutely zero accurate stats on their numbers.
The monies to banks were loans and paid back with interest, the money to farmers is welfare with no pay back.
it's like a fox news anchor wrote their talking points
&gt; I’ve never had any maternal instinct whatsoever and have always avoided children/infants as much as physically possible. Same here, I can count on one hand how many babies I've held in my life and I've never changed a diaper. Kids make me jumpy and nervous.
probably pieces of broken tooth and dead gum tissue.
&gt; Watch the second extraction again nope, I'm good.
this seems like a ripoff from [The Great Escape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5w2lixqPZM)
ya, I don't get anything about the hype of midsommer at all there's nothing to it, this story has been done over and over the only thing here is all that great make-up and weird, extra long, lingering camera work on the gore but neither of those add to the plot they are just gimmicks. Camera work is interesting and it's shot well but there is almost no story here - 'crazy cult hacks people to bits and here look at all the bits' is pretty much the whole story.
What was it that stuck with you? the painfully long shots of the gore were definitely striking and along with the beautiful scenery made for interesting juxtaposition that stands out but the story was lacking, there was virtually no character development outside of the basics and no backstory about the violence and gore. Maybe I was expecting something else when I just need to lower my expectations and think of it as straight horror which isn't my cup of tea at all unless there is a well fleshed out story to explain things.
&gt; the shock imagery I used to read a ton of gory slasher/satanic type horror when I was a kid so I guess I've seen all of this in my head at one time or another, I just don't dig is so much on the screen though the make-up and special effects were obviously very good.
she's what they call a 'crying bully' they use crying as a means to manipulate, put your foot down and stop falling for her nonsense or better yet just get out of this relationship entirely.
I see by all the [removed] comments the anti-choice crowd is in the house.
&gt; powdered extract no kidding? I've had the same with nausea with even the tiniest amounts on the first dose, tried to stick with it but always bailed out after a few days. I might give the powered a go.
&gt; only seemed to get worse with each dose. yep,same for me good to know there's an alternative.
I guess, that episode was from 20yrs ago though so not really current sex.
and those mushrooms are like a sponge soaking up all that delicious fat and seasoning.
First your GP doctor can't prescribe serious psyche drugs and if he won't prescribe anything else for sleep then all you can do is wait for the shrink appointment. You can try another GP (general practitioner) but no guarantee they will give you anything stronger either especially on your first appointment since the next step up from your current med is in controlled substances. Mirtazapine sort of works (I've taken it) and it did make me sleep in the right dose but I was so zonked out for the next two days that I couldn't keep taking it though it did work to show me my body could actually fall asleep and stay asleep for longer than 2hrs. Just going to say that it might not be the meds making you angry could be you're angry for other reasons, are seeing a therapist?
is this suppose to help heal? how long have you been doing this, has it helped? why does your bf have a problem with you having a problem with noise? how does it interfere with your relationship?
&gt; without double protection plugs+over ear protection. Do you have custom ear plugs? this is the way to go IMO. Mine are made out of silicone and are easily washed and sanitized when out and about, they are made specifically to fit my ears, and they are discrete without having to wear anything over ear they are made for gun ranges and other very loud situations and work great. My sensitivity has gotten better over the past several years and seems to be related to my having very specific control over my environments and the sound I allow coming to me. Also diet, exercise and supplementation seem to have a large impact though my tinnitus has remained fairly constant with some fluctuations attributed to changing seasons, atmospheric conditions, anxiety levels, blood sugar levels. I try to control my physical state as much as possible since it's one of the few things I do have control over. I also just do not go to places that I know are going to be problem.
Lovely Noboop
100% not safe to combine, taper off and have been off meds for a month before ingesting mdma or mda.
6m that could have gone to a shelter or literaly anywhere esle that could have had a real purpose instead of this monumental waste.
looks pretty sane to me, not schiz at all.
sign on ATT store said 'WE'RE OPEN!'
yiff yiff
should have never been there in the first place and clueless who thought it was a good idea but still sounds like a bunch of hoops to jump even though this should never have been legal especially in a veterans cemetary. How about the military marks graves on US soil with Isis symbols ?
all they had to do was form a solid block and wall off the door and everyone inside would have been trapped but instead they did some benny hill shit.
crying is often a sign of healing as well, it can be very therapeutic. I cry often in therapy and when things were really crazy a couple of years ago and therapy was dredging up a lot of buried trauma I would cry all the damn time, got to the point I would just pause whatever I was doing and go somewhere private and let it out.
someone's been raking the forest
&gt; allowed to just create a fictional reality they've always done it so why stop now? cameras make it a bit more difficult but if they just keep repeating themselves a decent number of people will believe it.
NTA, your house your rules which are reasonable btw. But what does her hair have to do with showering? I don't wash my hair for 2wks but shower every other day at least.
Bullshit. Trying to be understanding and waiting for them to catch up is what got us here these people are morally irredeemable, push them aside and move forward.
Let the Fire Burn (documentary)
&gt; Movies like The Help--which only contextualize black people in the world of white people, and don't attempt to understand black people as people in and of themselves--do far more damage than people like to think about. I kept wondering why I didn't like this movie and why it didn't seem as 'profound' as everyone was making it out to be, I didn't think much of it at the time just thought it wasn't for me but now that you've articulated it this is the gap between what it was and what it was made out to be.
probably not but it was likely obtained elsewhere and since no one else had a problem it could be something that individual was doing or a preexisting health condition that just happened to manifest during their journey.
I've never heard of a 'bad trip' when using DMT, bad trips def happen with LSD. shrooms, and some of the newer analogs and designer drugs but not sure about that happening w/ straight dmt.
meats don't need washing since they will be cooked and any bacteria or illness causing substance will be killed in the process.
&gt; already completely locked down actually no, there was a new post a few days ago with new comments still being posted to it.
article says 'young woman' she is a kid, this POS assaulted a fucking kid.
I hate this man so much, I hope the next few years of his life are extra shitty.
Still baffled how this was ok up until right now.
Iheard about it back then but even so it still took till now to make this decision.
&gt; Not in my lifetime unless you were born after '01 then yes in your lifetime [GA state flag 1956- 2001](https://www.georgiaencyclopedia.org/sites/default/files/styles/article-gallery/public/m-3531.jpg?itok=AaIUZy56) https://www.georgiaencyclopedia.org/articles/government-politics/state-flags-georgia
This site is a spinoff of washington examiner so it's likely propaganda.
people do it, it's wrong but they do it. they think 'breakfast porridge' (oats, farina etc) and grits are the same thing.
you're daft, I blame him for the amazingly shitty response that left people in dire conditions that killed many because he put someone in charge of FEMA with zero experience who failed so badly it can't be quantified.
5meo is incredible and not remotely deadly if processed correctly.
Of course not, can't have people exploring their own minds. Think of the children.
Said they 'might' ban not that they were going to 'After, Bubba Wallace’s call NASCAR might put a ban on all confederate flags during the races soon.' .@NASCAR is actively considering a change to its confederate flag policy, per sources, as calls grow for the series to permanently ban the symbol from its facilities.
911 calls were important when stories were flying that he made up the fight altogether also Martin's phone record and testimony from his gf supported martin going to find zimmerman
the population of the americas it thought to have been around 100 million before the plagues brought by the europeans.
history has shown those tend to get lost or not counted
ya, don't forget 5 Blades
thks
park across from their driveway
The press wanted trump because they knew what he would do for them
&gt; coward and was absolutely fucking terrified not really though he might be but here he actually supported the alt-right nonsense and has said as much.
please update us on this.
those are huge trees when they mature and should never be that close to a house, you could try to dig them up and relocate but it likely won't work, these should be re/moved regardless.
no
&gt; But it's not clear it justifies him dying for it. it's not morally justified but the way cops are currently trained it's procedurally justified and this is part of what needs to change.
&gt; what did he expect ? he was so intoxicated he fell asleep at the wheel so he probably wasn't thinking or expecting
&gt; a consequence of 14-day group quarantine not being enough time or they're not isolating the group enough. false negatives on tests happen quite a bit
likely he knew them and has extracurricular dealings with them
No
tire chickens are fire
it definitely feels that long, it's tedious beyond belief to me.
The House that Jack Built Grizzly Man
&gt; Sunscreen causes cancer some sunscreens do contain nasty chemicals that you probably don't want to use everyday though the skin cancer is probably worse than the chemicals.
I'll give you two though the unpopularity comes from my location not that these are super radical ideas everywhere. Abortion should be legal everywhere, safe, free, and available in corner shops Euthanasia should be readily available to those who want it and who qualify for it.
The number of people that really believe this is surprisingly high.
and here's a living, breathing ad for better education, good parenting, and safe and legal abortion.
I'm in a pretty authoritarian 'no chip' faction, leave the waffles be.
that counter and sink **do not** go together and look pretty awful. sorry if this is yours, OP.
would be good for someone who could do their work anywhere. wonder how safe it is ? when people don't have enough crime is often their only option.
&gt; EVENTUALLY WE WILL ALL BE A BURDEN , PERIOD. I have an exit plan and will leave before this happens.
People hoarding dads are causing the shortages.
/r/Lithops
Racism in NASCAR never ever
&gt; pay me to set off fireworks I would like to set up a franchise in my neighborhood, we get enough legit gunfire that fireworks would just ramp it up to 11.
this isn't a very active sub probably want to try this again in /r/HomeImprovement
All the drug dealers I've known have peddled mdma, mda, ket, weed, and fun (as in a good time) - all to grown adults who held good jobs who like to club and party. None of whom would ever think of slinging crack, H, or meth nor selling to a kid. How is this ruining anything? There are different types of drug dealers, ya know.
but think of the children
just gotta say it's gonna be worse in the fall when the leaves drop, sorry you have to deal with this I understand completely I live in very close proximity to one of the busiest interchanges in the country and in my case I bought almost 20yrs ago and have had the noise increase dramatically in that time. here's some stuff: triple pane windows or at least double if you have single paned, heavy textile curtains possibly two layers (we did this), rugs and upholstered furniture. in the bedroom I've blocked the window with sound dampening ceiling tiles (type used in sound studios and home theaters) cut to fit the window exactly then a thin panel of bead board to hold it in place (since it didn't work nearly as well unless it was pressed directly against the glass) then heavy sound dampening curtains over everything that this made a huge difference in my sleep quality in that room. In rooms with windows on more than one wall try blocking one window off completely and see if that alters the sound profile, I did this in my office and it made a large difference without needing to block all natural light. Textiles really help with sound traveling so the more the better, you might even consider wall to wall carpet if you don't already have it, ya I know it's not great but it's something to consider. Floor lenght curtains, textile wall hangings, and pillows all help. Some of this might sound extreme but it greatly depends on how much noise you're dealing with and how far you are willing to go to mitigate it. For me it was many little steps that never really worked at all until I just decided one day to do whatever it took to make it livable for me regardless of the work needed or the unconventionality of the measures to get it there.
I'm ok with this, doc martin's are now shite made in china so this might be an upgrade.
&gt;CDC director and you made things worse &gt;"We've all done the best that we can do to tackle this virus." no, you literally did not do this
&gt;all natural looks to be vegan as well
&gt; only sells overpriced supplements sells *shit quality*, overpriced supplements
&gt;People claim sexism doesn't exist anymore the only people claiming this are people that have never experienced sexism and who are oblivious to the world around them (ie men)
change your diet (this is necessary in cases of chronic bouts of yeast) for me I had to cut gluten entirely before things really cleared up. are you allergic to latex and using latex condoms or gloves, are you having sex with a man who has a yeast infection and is passing it back to you? Put your underwear in the microwave and maybe get new underwear altogether the type of fabric matters a lot, don't wear leggings, tights, or other tight clothing. what type and how much probiotics are you taking, how are you taking it? should be on an empty stomach, with a tiny bit of filtered water then no food or drink for 20min after. also the doses on the packs are usually woefully inadequate and should be up dramatically IMO.
in the pic it straight up looks like a noose.
&gt; documentaries mockumentaries
The Thing isn't a 'masterpiece' at all it just happens to be very well done within its genre.
&gt; dry your hands on a towel I used to dry my just-thoroughly-cleaned balls? I'm not thinking specifically of someone I've just slept with just in a general sense, my experience has been that the people who leave their personal towels for other people to dry their hands on typically have dirty towels
Are you financially independent? If not they could cut you off. Also do you have all of your personal documents with you? if not they could withhold them. Just make sure you are secure in your position to cut them off and that they can't retaliate.
&gt;the last GA will be the last one
given how things seem to have been in russia back then I'll bet they would alter the records to correspond with their official story.
He's not centrist he's right wing and fully supported the_d in the past
and curb negligent use of land for body storage
&gt; a lot of far right wingers majority are now
this is pretty basic and you've probably do it but have you changed your filter?
Bleach and water solution in a super soaker. DO NOT USE STRAIGHT BLEACH IT'S DANGEROUS AND WILL DESTROY THE SUPER SOAKER.
This is bullshit, you're lazy and disingenuous. You can make one out os an old tshirt
