The manufacturers are one with lobbyists and groups like the nra who are driving that
Ok. That’s not what we’re talking about though.
Yeah there was no chance of making a kick from there
Clearly biased but I strongly disagree with him. A school shouldn’t get players *just* because they are the closest to them. If you run your program into the ground you shouldn’t be expecting the local kids to still want to be part of it.
Maybe it’s his wording I’m taking issue with but it definitely seems like he’s saying the SoCal schools deserve these recruits
Wow that is a lot of qualifiers
Wait you find out the ending BEFORE watching a show? That sounds awful
Yeah the trash guy doesn’t have a shitty enough job already. Lets make it worse...
Yeah I’m sure he’s going to find it hilarious
If you have ever worked a shitty, menial, repetitive job before you know that it isn’t how much it takes to fix this, it’s just one more thing that you do not want to have to be dealing with
&gt;and the US will pay for it with their own facebooks any idea what he's trying to say here?
i don't know what subs you frequent but none of the major subs on reddit wanted a war... people are mostly upset at the potential of one
defensive ends would be interior linemen..?
As a fan of a team with a bad history of high end players/prospects getting injured I’m a little trigger shy on that. Gimme Ja
Maybe I’ve just had my terms mixed up but I always thought of those at DTs and DE was kind of synonymous with pass rusher which in a 3-4 would be more like a linebacker
Patriot Killer and Harvard Graduate Ryan Fitzpatrick about to become a super agent
Gimme that Han Solo carbon freeze
The MVP is intended to be for a player who is carrying their team. Calling AD the league mvp greatly looks down on lebrons contribution to the team, or vice versa
Explained my reasoning in the first response. Not trying not to copy paste into every response
You’re saying there aren’t roles in the military that don’t require high levels of physical strength?
There are like 4... fewer if we’re counting those with a legit shot
Dennis didn’t actually get off the plane in Minneapolis
I wouldn’t call the petulant young man prone to facism and extraditial killings a hero. Even his redemption in e6 was mostly due to Luke
Well that’s good since I have none to sell
09 civil war was also crazy loud
If you think the entire generation is habitually using amphetamines you are hanging out with the wrong people
Who is upset about the economy?
What is a never Trumper?
You can support an action without supporting the person doing the action. Good example would be when he signed the bill increasing penalties for animal abuse. I think that was a great thing, but I still think he is a shitty person. Am I a never Trumper?
Many people wouldn't be doing it because they are afraid of combat but rather they think the military action is an immoral thing that they will not support.
I don't think using Mahr is a great person to point to to describe the average member of the party. His job is to be outrageous. I haven't heard of a single democrat in office who is "upset about the economy" or "rooting for a recession" or however you want to describe it. In fact, the first link you gave cited a democratic congressman chastising people for doing so.
Agreed but you're going to have crazy people in any group. Your claim that every single Democrat feels that way is ridiculous, and the thought that it is even a common belief is dubious at best considering nobody within the party leadership has said anything like that, in fact they have done the opposite.
Revenge for beating them?
Just an overall embarrassing performance.
Or even just give each offense a chance
I thought they were done with the one year rentals...
Brady also has more total TDs than Brees. I don't know why people don't count playoffs
It still has a lot of momentum
what is broken/wrong about what they are saying?
they're being a few things, but without knowing who they are or what their other beliefs are i definitely can't call them hypocritical
it used to be just an area above the last row without seats, pretty much had to lean up against the wall. but this season they added a bar/rail that you can put your food/beer on or lean forward on while watching the game. i am a fan of standing during games but not gonna do that if i have people sitting behind me.
of course not, but we're operating under that presumption in this discussion. everything we're saying is hypothetical
the premise of the conversation right here was entirely hypothetical based on what was said.
Yes, that premise. If they go back on that then the situation changes
I think that's a very different situation
Why? Those touchdowns were still thrown
I think the context of the situation definitely matters. Words coming from a more or less peer are different than from someone not remotely close to your level
I agree that disrespect is disrespect though I have no idea what you're referencing. The fans are wrong for doing that but guys like Westbrook or Baker Mayfield are soft for feeling the need to clap back at every single loud mouth. guys who arent 1% as successful/talented as they are.
Yeah I'm sure no one ever does it to every other star in the league... Yet somehow it's always him we hear about getting into it
I don't know why you would heckle someone who *is* playing but I don't see how that changes whether it makes it acceptable for someone to or not
If I was softer I might try to get you ejected for that
Preseason is little more than a scrimmage. Both the regular season and post season are competitive games. In fact, touchdowns are probably harder to come by in the playoffs than they are in regular season games
Chernobyl 2: nuclear bugaloo
And that's fucking awesome man, nice work. I'm sure that was tough as shit.
I wouldn't argue that, no
They sit close...
You're just going to pretend Gabe doesn't exist?
That was inside the Chili's
Are you planning on shooting a missile with a gun?
The sauidis did...
Wanting to get away from it and preferring the popular vote are not the same thing as not understanding how it works.
Classifying your opponents stance as either evil or naive is a completely disingenuous position. Opposing the EC is neither. Explain to me why fewer people spread out over a large area should have more of a day over more people in a small area. Why does a person living in Wyoming get more of a say than someone living in Washington? The augment I always hear is "why should LA and NYC MAKE the rules for the rest of the country?" and my response is "why should a bunch of basically uninhabited land make the rules for the places where most people are living?"
I didn't say they were irrelevant. People there should be JUST as relevant as people everywhere else
The talent he'll get there is going to be very different than the kids willing to come to Pullman
Miracle definition: &gt; an effect or extraordinary event in the physical world that surpasses all known human or natural powers and is ascribed to a supernatural cause. What about pregnancy meets this description?
This image is literally saying the woman who won the award was not successful
So because someone else "won" something they personally see as more important (extremely subjective), the person winning the award didn't actually win something?
Not a fan of his comedy at all. But enjoyed his role in the show.
Pretty misleading. I thought these prices were outrageous until I read the fine print
That seems kind of crazy to limit them to 2 dribbles in a 1v1 setting
The 4 straight appearances are WAY more impressive than not winning any of them
Both of these statements are true
Probably the bills
Just the general idea that some words are "bad" and we should be protecting children from them
I'm not sure what line of work this guy is in but in a lot of industrial settings $9k really isn't a lot of money to be spending
You can get a late hit flag for hitting someone going out of bounds who hasn't stepped on the line yet. I don't see why this would be different
That's so weak. The force of the hit HAS to be in consideration for this kind of penalty.
Based on how this question was written yes he is https://www.espn.com/nba/player/_/id/3907387/ben-simmons
Seems to be quite a bit of anti war sentiment on this pretty American site
Questions not asked in good faith will often get downvoted
Yeah you're preaching to the choir here
As someone else mentioned, they can but both teams have media access to the Superdome and dabo isn't going to practice somewhere where they could be "spied" on
I am constantly rewatching the office and it is by far my favorite, but I would say breaking bad is a higher quality TV series.
I've heard Adam Driver is great in other movies but it is just hard to get myself to watch any of them after his role in Star Wars
I mean how could you say no to a classic piece of Cinema like WWW?
Last season's offense greatly limited what Herbert was able to do and the team was still very close to playoff contention. I don't think the team needs an elite level QB to have a chance.
Are we suggesting the romantic dialogue is a positive..?
The party supports who he is today. How does that not say something (everything) about what the party has become?
An accident can be a good thing. It's what gave them their superpowers
Regardless of your appearance there is something they see in you that makes them think they can make a sale
I have said the opposite from the start
"they" would be referring to the girls. "It" would refer to the dialogue.
This was a first for me. Been here a while
I didn't ignore your comment. You told me to look at the image, and I did.
Context is important though
I don't see how I'm trolling
I think a lot of people are Reddit are sticklers on things making sense within context
Not anywhere, just well known images
I actually have not even heard of that show. I must be behind
I don't know what yare yare daze means, but if you want to think I'm a troll I'm not really bothered by your opinion. I haven't changed my stance from the start
Yeah again I'm not Japanese, I don't understand these references
Again, youre getting unreasonably exasperated here. It's a disagreement, not the end of the world
I'm not necessarily “wrong”, it’s a subjective argument so if you argue that context doesn’t matter then yeah we’re going to disagree. No matter how many times you say “bro, my man, dude, guy don’t overthink it”. Konichiwa.
I mean the opi earlier was really weak
After the morning game im not going to make any judgments about an early lead
Gonna guess they didn't show the replay in stadium
Toby Flenderson is doing commercials now?
Mean, median and mode are all ways to describe the average.
It's not. That was a legal tackle
Yeah I don't see why it's legal, but the rule does differentiate between helmet and facemask
That's has not been the way the rule is interpreted and applied
While I agree with the sentiment,The chiefs were leading at half
Probably right, I just love his official Fox comments about skip
Yeah Seattle has never benefited from a terrible call against AR and the Packers
It was either that or saying she fondled his family jewels
And probably cake
Who's talking about voting like that? I'm saying if a large percentage of people disagree with him in certain things we can start to consider that a large percentage wouldn't vote for him. It's just like overall approval ratings
Wait what? I thought he had been pretty respectable all year. Did I miss something?
Yeah even if you were a couple planning on having kids it would be weird for them to be worrying about it for at least another like five years. You guys are real young.
I try not to revel in other people making life ruining mistakes. I would just feel bad for these kids making bad decisions
Like I saif, "help us speculate". Obviously a lot more factors go into it.
I disagree. I think more information can be helpful. No one piece is going to tell you everything, and rarely anything without more context, but together it can start to paint a picture.
What is useless to one person is not always to another
I am sure that is a yes to my original question. Your perspective is pretty sad man.
Pretty sure we're the only one that regularly wears the flag as clothes too
It's super weird
Glad to see you got out of jail
Sorry. We don't like them in conference either.
Those have been pretty popular in championship games the last few years. So it makes sense they have plenty of them
Bourbon
What aspects of targeting did you see there?
In a quarter?
Thank God
Trevor been hanging his receivers out over the middle tonight. Good Lord.
Game should be Friday
Uncatchable
It's tough
What sort of spread did you find?
Ahhh makes more sense. Good call
Had you won the game you would have
LSU Alabama is gonna be a lot of fun these next few years
By this standard you'd be saying youre alright with schools refusing to hire people simply based on race
Would the title be vacated? The "infractions" didn't happen until after the game Edit: I'm confused by the down votes. Does anyone actually think actions after the game would get the title vacated?
I support this
I don't think many kids are getting a scholarship to lsu and nowhere else
Trump actually does not have an MBA. He also has a foreign born relative- his wife. And he recently moved states. There's a lot on this list he doesn't fit.
Germany is in a pretty good place nowadays. I don't think America is beyond where they once were.
Yeah because they didn't bring the agents personal lives into season one at all...
Maybe you should actually watch the show
The part where you didn't think personal relationships were a major part of s1
Yeah I'm gonna vote against a violent rebellion. November sounds like a much better option right now.
I mean the language they used made it seem like we have a say in the matter, which unfortunately we do not there
Which isn't very meaningful considering the Senate will never convict him for anything
But it's pretty clear that that won't happen, and that we don't have any say in it
You think people being critical of her is some sort of liberal agenda ?
No it wasn't
Is mandalorian not a prequel..? I haven't watched but assumed since Yoda was a baby it was before the rest
The quote seems pretty direct from the show. I'd call that official.
What did they spoil?
I guess I just can't relate to being bothered knowing they exist in an episode
What about him is boring? His major performances have been awesome
What do you have against koepka?
I've heard this a few times on this thread and it kind of surprises me. I havent heard anything from him that would make me call him arrogant. In fact, outside of the majors I feel like I don't see anything from him at all.
Role as in central plot characters vs a quick nod to BB
That could be. I don't really follow that kind of stuff, more just general sports media outlets and I hear about Bryson, rickie, (in the past) DJ, and of course Tiger. They rarely talk about BK outside of majors.
Had to look both of those up. Have no problem with the slow play comments, I'm glad someone was saying it. The mcilroy comment was a bit of a barb, but nothing anyone should have been too critical of. Mcilroy even agreed.
Wouldn't that be a separate discussion? Discrimination vs Free Speech?
You're using a lot of double negatives here so it's a bit hard to follow bit aren't those all cases of organizations offering different services, not same services?
Oh fuck I have never really thought about kids running around with a bunch of extra teeth hanging out in there
I wish the ESPN app let you watch cricket without having ESPN +. It looks like a really cool sport and I'd like to get into it.
Without major scandal?! Apparently you forgot about his tan suit! Or ordering a burger with mustard on it!
It's pretty gross that you think she is a man
Not particularly
True but I don't necessarily think influence equates to superiority. Chip Kelly had a massive impact on football, but I don't think anyone would say he was better than saban or urban.
Double team Pritchard and you will win the game. Teams have to be able to see that by now.
How did this Oregon team hang in there with and even beat some of the teams they played early in the year? This offense is awful
Two of those losses were to Gonzaga and UNC, and were very competitive games. They've also beaten several quality teams, including Michigan on the road. Although watching them in conference I have no idea how they did all that.
Huh... At the time they were 6. Haven't kept up with them since then.
AG?
I'll be honest, I had to google him... I hope olshey is aiming a little higher than that.
I see that now.
I don't think MVPs always go to the best player in the league. Also don't really think it's much of a sleight to Steph to say LeBron or KD we're better overall players in certain years
I guess we are just using the same word to describe different things
Oregon's offense was anemic for the first 30 minutes. Forwards afraid to shoot from 7 feet.
Lol called it
Is that you, Paul George?
If he makes deep and/or contested threes on a regular basis is it really luck?
I guess I side with Kobe because we never talk about MJ handing the torch off to Shaq, we say it about Kobe. After their split Shaq got the first win but Kobe had a much better career from there.
Mvp isn't necessarily given to the best player in the league.
If their careers entirely/mostly overlapped I think we would see one of them very differently than we do now
He’s made it clear that he plans to come back so I’d say given the context we know what they were saying there
I could see Tennessee, Chicago, lac or Indy. Probably in that order.
I could see that being next season
As much as I dislike Biden I can’t imagine someone seeing him as basically the same as trump. There is no way you have been paying attention these last few years.
How does the quote in your second paragraph contrast with the democrats?
didn't you say the catholic hospitals won't do certain procedures that the other ones will?
how are you arguing that one hospital that offers a procedure and another that does not don't have a difference of services. That makes no sense.
If what you’re saying is accurate then one is not
no they aren't
That’s not the same service then lol I don’t know how you aren’t getting this
Senate: “who cares?”
There are many reasons to have to buy bottled water. This isn’t one of them
I would have bet money this was going to be that woman at the RNC
Do you feel clever using names like that..?
You know there has to be a trial for there to be a prosecutor, right?
She’s not dumb, she knows exactly what she is doing by saying this. It’s much worse than being dumb.
Yeah that second part is really being glossed over in this thread
This sub is worse than breakingbad at understanding who the good/bad guy in a show/movie is
They never said any individual here has that last or should be blamed for it. The shame belongs to the states history. Those are very different things.
Add kaczinsky to the list
While i can understand the sentiment behind it, the execution is poor in that example. Either way, I wouldn’t call it racist. Possibly xenophobic, depending on their motivations.
I think it’s embarrassingly childish for anyone on either side of the aisle.
I’m sure it varies by state but I’m curious what requirements there are to get past these laws. Like I know Portland has an indoor smoking ban but there are certain bars that you can smoke in.
Which is fine, but doesn’t really support the claim in the headline
Several people have mentioned the Bay Area already
Is this post denying that there are crazies on both sides ..?
I don’t see anything at all suggesting that. Does every post of an insane woman have to make it clear men can be insane too? Does every post of an insane white person have to make it clear that other races can be insane too?
I’m not seeing the humor.. Poster: hey watch this- people would be so upset if we threw away our democracy. People: we don’t want to throw away our democracy. Poster: haha see!! Got em!
But that doesn’t really have anything to do with *this* post. It would be insane from either side.
What am I spinning? Are you saying something else is pathetic and desperate for attention ?
I’m sorry for being upset by the thought of a monarchy
People absolutely complain about the endless wars, “war on drugs”, political corruption, etc that have been going on for decades. Half a century for some.
Absolutely a problem. And I’d rather not go *further* into that sort of dynamic.
Then apparently we both have Trump Derangement Syndrome
Where are you from where adding “mental disorder” to something makes it classier?
Are people in apartments talked down about on this sub..?
I really doubt those numbers are the same
Do you actually hold the same standards for senators as you do for random people on reddit? Talk about setting the bar low
There is nothing that comes close to resembling the culture in Eastern Oregon in the very blue northeastern states
There are definitely rednecks everywhere, just not large portions of the state with “build a militia compound and fight the government with guns because we don’t think they have the right to enforce laws” level of red. To your edit, exactly. The malheur folks are as far from center as any extreme in Portland and brings the left leaning generalization back towards the middle. States in the northeast don’t have that kind of balance.
Didn’t trump just say he never lies? Like within the last week ? Edit: found it https://www.cnn.com/2020/01/23/politics/fact-check-trump-false-impeachment-wednesday/index.html
I would agree
Are you suggesting the audio that they directly linked was doctored or something? I don’t see anything wrong with this post
Maybe if he got endorsed by trump?
I think they reported the passengers were his daughter, her teammate, the teammates parent and Kobe. 5 total on board.
Porn stars are tested more than pretty much anyone in the world.
Not a source in sight for any of those claims
Are you saying that staying in unhappy relationships makes people happier than the alternative?
People working in factories and mills also used to be paid enough to buy a home and support a family on those wages
Because we haven’t seen any viable alternatives yet
The /s means the comment was sarcastic
Oh shoot look at that! Thanks, first I’ve noticed ha
I’ll make sure my meat thermometer is working properly
Unless they were a defensive player
I’ve never seen a socialist country that didn’t have quite a bit of capitalism in its economic model
That’s why I asked the question. To see if that’s what you were getting at. You only said one word so it wasn’t entirely clear what your point was
It’s kind of like “guys”. Like the standard is male but it wouldn’t be weird to say “hey guys” to a female or mixed group
It won’t. Trump could kill a U.S. citizen on camera and the senate would find a way to ignore it.
Yeah for a group who allegedly wants nothing to do with women they sure do think about them a lot
I think expanding the playoff makes it much less likely for a TCU, Boise, UCF to win it. Sure they can have a shot at knocking off anyone, but asking them to do it against 3 straight powerhouses is a bit of a pipe dream
What is your definition of “seems to never qualify”..?
I think that’s kind of a separate discussion from what they’re proposing
My full name is in my email address yet a handful of times a year people use a different spelling in the body of the email. Have never once even felt the urge to say something about it. Mautice is kind of a dick.
Maine. PDX area code is 503
Does Maine have a significant homeless problem?
You realize the user who shared it on this sub is not the person who uploaded it to the original sub, right?
What does that have to do with libraries..?
Oh yeah I’m not saying you have to think a certain way. Just a little confused but the perspective.
Isn’t commenting on posts kind of the point of Reddit (At least for a lot / most users)? That’s what you’re doing here...
To be fair, half the posts on this sub are affirmations and reinforcements, only they’re From other child free people
~~John Thundergun~~ Gardiner Minshew has hung dong in every movie so far
Hasn’t he served under several republican administrations?
Having a preference is fine. Having preferences and expecting others not to isn’t.
I’m not sure that would be legal
Of course they are different characteristics. No one is arguing against that. But they are both physical traits that someone can make a screening decision based on. And yes she may have answered the question but that is not relevant in the discussion here.
Agreed. But. Clearly. She. Was. Taken. Back. By. The. Question. And. Thought. Asking. About. One. Physical. Trait. Was. Ok. And. Another. Was. Not.
That’s fair. But I don’t see what lead you to that based on what I said
There are people on this site who would actually say this, so it’s hard to just write it off
As someone who’s been out of school for nearly a decade I would still love for basketball to go until late July or August. On non World Cup or olympics summers there is very little worth watching between mid June and late august.
Wouldn’t this be like 13-15 months after the injury happened? That seems like a really long time to still not be 100%
It’s too bad Hood is done. He would have been a huge piece there. It’s still a great 2 deep.
I don’t see any way that this is a worse option than just ending the season. To each their own I guess
Yeah I’m really upset about basketball coming back too
I definitely would have preferred the World Cup style but I’m still pumped to be getting basketball back at all
I’m guessing the school isn’t admitting anyone who is saying that either...
Do you think consequences for shouting inappropriate things is a recent development?
Ok that wasn’t the argument
You could also make an argument that almost everyone opposes abortion, based on a survey of top church leaders, and justify it by saying that in matters of morality their voice is what matters. But I think you can recognize that doesn’t make any sense either. The point is, if you’re going to make a claim about what most people believe regarding an issue your polling has to represent the population as a whole. If you had claimed that most people in the country who are actively involved then sure, that poll would have supported your message.
Fair point but it’s also not necessarily representative of the overall population, which is what you were claiming.
It is diverse but it absolutely skews old, and white. Which makes it not necessarily representative, especially in an issue like this.
Obama was disbarred? https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jan/06/facebook-posts/no-obamas-didnt-surrender-their-law-licenses-avoid/
Many Christians, the norm in my experience, are very selective about what parts of the Bible they actually choose to support/follow
Without more context this seems like it could be a sarcastic comment. I have said very similar things before while making fun of those types of people.
I’m a huge saints fan (and by extension a Brees fan) and am well aware of the positives he has done for New Orleans and Louisiana as a whole. But that doesn’t mean he’s not also able to be criticized for the negative things he says and does.
So if someone does good things you can’t criticize them when they do bad things?
I think that was a very small percentage of the comments on his statement and certainly doesn’t rise to the level of “everyone on social media”
I don’t understand what makes it a great day... just because he said that everyone should be treated equally doesn’t mean it is so. That should be clear to everyone by now.
They may be willing to tell a pollster they do not support him but they’ll find a way to justify voting for him in November.
If Christians cared about the teachings of Christ they would be voting for someone like bernie, but here we are...
Still hanging on to the homophobia huh?
You’re going to get criticized if you say shitty things
People are allowed to disagree with other people’s opinions
I wasn’t arguing the merits of the protest
They’ve explicitly stated what they’re protesting and why. Kneeling is absolutely a protest.
Washington and Oregon have plenty
Everything you said there is fine. I was answering your question about what’s wrong with sharing something you believe in.
Right. So I’m not sure why this person was complaining that people aren’t pretending to be something they aren’t.
I’m not intimately familiar with the symbolism behind it but my understanding is that the anthem is representative of the US, and more specifically the policies governing it, and the players kneeling feel certain parts of it need to change.
I think that’s close, but more nuanced. But yeah that’s the basis of the protest. Which is a protest.
So you think that of the 100s or 1000s of refs that have been in the league, not one of them has been willing to expose a scandal of that size? Sharing that kind of thing could be very lucrative for a whistleblower.
That’s news to me. Who has been caught rigging games to support who the nba wanted to win?
I don’t believe trump, pence, Barr, McConnell, Cruz, etc are dumb people. I think they know exactly what they are doing and don’t care about it being wrong. Carson is an absolute imbecile. It is remarkable that he is able to be so intelligent in one area and have no clue about anything else.
Donaghy was rigging outcomes for personal gain in gambling, and if I remember correct it was mostly over/unders not winners or even spreads. That has nothing to do with favoring teams for the NBA’s benefit.
I think they already know that. It’s just currently benefiting them to do so.
No I don’t. But I do think there are more conservatives than progressives.
In response to your edit: Those stats in no way whatsoever support your claim that Fox News doesn’t have viewers with disposable income for investments.
The pro shop typically has golf or sports programming. That’s true CNBC is common due to its business focus but for social commentary conservative talking heads are more the norm
It’s crazy to think there aren’t a large number of wealthy people who are republicans
22% of their viewers are above middle class. You provided the stats.
I didn’t argue that a lot don’t. I’m not saying they have more wealthy viewers. I’m saying they have a not insignificant amount of viewers with money.
&gt; saying thing there are NONE is false Yes, that’s what I’m telling you. Even saying there are very few of those people isn’t accurate. I’m arguing against your initial claim that &gt; It’s not as if any of the viewer base understands or has the extra resources to dump into the market.
There hasn’t been a military action in the last 75 years that could possibly be argued had any relation to protecting our free speech rights
Patton did a lot to stop the Nazis. I think defending the world against that is commendable.
r/confidentlyincorrect
Think you’re missing the point a bit. A general who helped stopped a monster like hitler (insert whichever one you think had an impact) can be revered.
What has antifa done to make them communist?
I did not know that the allied troops did not break through into German occupied Normandy! Interesting! Also it’s clear by your subject changing that you’re not here to make any points, just to argue about anything.
The personal economic views of individuals within a group do not necessarily correlate with the overall group’s message, especially when the group is about something completely different. Economic systems and governance are separate subjects. Antifa is related to governance, not economics.
But by saying it is incompatible doesn’t that mean it goes against Christianity and by extension means those people are going to hell? That would be a bit of a condemnation.
I will be voting for him but there is at least a little reason to worry about it. “I’m running for the United States senate” and “if you don’t like me go vote for the other Biden” aren’t smoking guns by any means but it still makes you wonder what’s going on.
I don’t want either but I really don’t want one of them.
Nobody is revising history. We want these things remembered, not honored.
When did conservatives care about the environment?
There’s one right outside of Berlin. I went last year.
I would have no problem keeping confederate bases standing as a memorial. That’s very different than a statue that was put up generations later in order to honor that side.
And that sounds like someone who should be revered to you?
They were shitty beliefs back then too. They literally fought a war over those shitty beliefs. This is not moral relativism
Should Germany still have statues of hitler?
I would buy that it’s a symbol of their home if the flag wasn’t flown all over the country, as well as other parts of the world- oftentimes as a substitute where more alt right symbols are not allowed. It’s a symbol of what the south was about. God, guns, country living... and slavery.
By that logic you could say your company doesn’t serve blacks people because it’s against your religion.
A driver just said the n word on a live broadcast like a month ago. The organization might be trying to move past the image but I don’t think we’re ready to say the sport is done with it.
No, I’m saying people in the south fly it for what it stands for, not because it represents their home. If it was just about where someone was from then people with absolutely no connection to the south wouldn’t be flying it as well. Both groups fly it because it’s “what the south is about”.
The constitution says nothing about private censorship
I’m not disparaging their cause here but a name is not necessarily representative of a group. It’s like saying how could you hate the Democratic People’s Republic off North Korea?
Didn’t trump say the opposite?
If you can’t understand the difference between a country doing something bad in the past and a country being created in order to do that specific thing then I can’t help you and this conversation is pointless. I also don’t have any problems with the German flag.
&gt; Speaking to the six-year-old directly, Mr Biden said she shouldn't have to ask the questions that too many black children have to ask for generations, "why is daddy gone?" I understand what he is trying to say but this one could have been done a little more clearly
Please cite a case where a private party defendant was ruled against based on the first amendment
Yeah it was more of a rhetorical request
What have they done to advocate for communism..?
Well it appears that Democrat presidents do a better job of stopping those atrocities than republican presidents do.
Pshhhh you drink 100 proof alcohol? Must be afraid of grain alcohol
That’s my point
I’m not sure I’d call it pandering. I do think he cares primarily about issues affecting the black community and paints it as “fighting all injustice” but I do think his passion for the former is genuine.
It has everything to do with opinions. If people have the opinion that the show is bad/racist/sexist/offensive/whatever they will stop watching and the profits go away.
You don’t think viewership is linked to profits?
Nobody is saying he’s not allowed to say any of these things.
&gt; Lincoln is one of the most popular presidents in US history and widely revered for signing the Emancipation Proclamation, which ended slavery. Well that’s just not true
I just googled it and can’t find anything racist about those comments...
It’s like saying D Day ended word war two. Sure it was a pivotal action that eventually lead to success, but it was not what ultimately did it.
So doing a 180 between 2016 and now (really from 2016 to 2017) isn’t relevant?
CNN is not at all “far left”. They barely even acknowledged Sanders in the primaries even when he was leading in polls.
Registering does not guarantee seating
Wrong show
I also wouldn’t call the dnc establish far left. I’m not sure I understand what you’re arguing here.
So you think it is impossible to be aware of multiple things at one time? By that logic we should just decide what we think the MOST important thing in the world is and only focus on that
So Dwight Howard has retired from basketball...
Maybe... that’s a bit presumptuous though
He literally didn’t.
Without yang would you be indifferent between Biden and trump?
Oh absolutely. I wish he actually had.
I picked up on the joke they were making. It was definitely sarcastic.
The last president, who was a democrat, wasn’t 1/100th as divisive.
you understand what that expression means.
I don’t think Biden is a great candidate. But he is far better than the alternative.
A can of cope has to be insanely expensive down there. That’s some serious dedication.
Every country has its racists
Until you get to the White House apparently
Could you explain what issue(s) you have with gorsech? From what I’ve seen he’s been pretty reasonable.
Someone else being immature doesn’t excuse another persons immaturity. Edit: I like how my most hated comment ever is saying that it’s immature to call people the kind of names trump loves to use.
I am sheltered in that sense. The difference between us is that I’m not denying the existence of something because of that. Now you’re just making up arguments. I never said anything remotely close to that. Just because something is rare doesn’t mean it’s not wrong and shouldn’t be addressed.
Anyone technically may be
That criticism is a lot better than the alternative...
Kind of in poor taste to make the joke on the same day
If you don't think the republican platform is better for the black community then I don't know how you're going to try to argue that black people should be voting for them rather than the democrats. At least the democrat platform is trying to help communities in need. &gt; they just tell the AA its ok to continue as is Name one office holding democrat doing this &gt; steals a taser from the cops, shoots it at them and gets shot himself is a martyr victim of police brutality Not sure how this has anything to do with the D platform &gt; violence is a problem in the AA community. Kids in school mocking anyone trying to do well as trying "to be white" is a problem as well How are you possibly trying to attribute this to democratic policies? Violence and crime are correlated FAR more with wealth than race and the democratic party (well, the progressive faction at least) is trying to help the people in economic need. The republican party is doing the exact opposite. You're not here to make any good faith arguments about why the black community should be voting for republicans.
I don’t like Trump and he couldn’t be more wrong
Those are the numbers after taking measures unprecedented in modern times and they aren’t even close to done.
There would not be fewer cases. There would be fewer positive tests. There is a huge difference. Trump wants fewer positive tests so that his numbers look better, not because it would be solving the problem.
I didn’t say anything about shutting anything down
That was a weak attempt at dodging any of the questions or points
It doesn’t matter what they’re filed under. The cases still exist.
He was also the captain of a p1 patrol boat in desert storm. So he knows a thing or two about leadership.
That’s not what “cases” means in this kind of context. A case is a person with the disease.
Why would google want to hide that? What would they stand to gain?
He was talking about positive tests then went on to talk about cases. Cases and positive tests are different things.
I am a fan of people being open to changing their perspectives when they realize something they are doing isn’t right.
I don’t think anyone is making that argument.
I think you’re forgetting about his clear display of disgust for the lower class when he put Dijon mustard on a sandwich. Typical elitist.
Yeah even when both the men’s and women’s teams are very good it still seems like the fan base just doesn’t care nearly as much as it does about football.
I feel like the author actually wanted to write a book about the worlds fair but when he finished it someone told him nobody was going to read a book just about that (which is unfortunate because those parts were great) so he agreed to pepper in a handful of short chapters about the killer because that’s something that would actually catch people’s interest.
Washington said fuck it and did away with most precautions
Yeah it’s really annoying seeing some of the stuff that’s been going on the last week or two.
Bama knows this means they have to leave the south right?
I don’t believe there is a significant number of independents. At this point unless you’ve been living under a rock you know who you’d vote for if the election was today
You’re citing something from 9 years ago dude. And I did not know about the Wisconsin series.
Lol farther than 2000 miles? Virginia, Michigan state and Nebraska all come to mind more recently than 2011. Nebraska may be less than 2000 miles. Edit: oh and Columbus is on the schedule for next year
Careful now. I don’t know if you should call me a friend. I have done negative things in my life before.
Because you’re the president and you don’t want to give the media the pleasure of seeing you doing it
Democrats don’t seem to need a treat to do the right thing here
I’m not defending the actions of everyone who is anti fascist just saying that your parallel didn’t make sense.
No,it didn’t, because it is very possible (almost to the point of being imperative) to be anti nazi and pro socialism. But you literally cannot be pro fascism and support antifa. It doesn’t matter what else an anti fascist opposes.
Well yeah generally speaking it is a waste of time to continue arguing a point that you know you’re wrong about, but it hasn’t stopped you until now
Does Facebook do blue checks?
Antifa is not a unified cause with leaders making decisions on what the group says or does. It literally just means you are against fascism. Being part of that is not denouncing your identity because there is no set of tenets that you are standing behind (aside from the very basic/broad being against fascism). It’s up to you.
I have never been to any of the protests or rallies or anything but I would consider myself antifa. I support the cause by voting. I don’t think I’m an extremist for that either.
Whole lot of people seem to be seeing the same thing
Individual comments aren’t a group. I don’t really have anything else to say because you clearly aren’t open to hearing it from anyone.
I understand the joke I just don’t see how people find it funny when it’s something people are actively dying from
I see it as a joke but one that I feel bad for people making. Like someone who clearly has a developing drug/drinking problem joking about it as if it’s something funny or a cool thing to be doing.
They’re referencing the guy who trump retweeted a couple weeks ago who said the only good democrat is a dead democrat, then after his audience applauded he “clarified” that he was only speaking metaphorically
That fucking Belgium match... most impressive USMNT performance I can ever remember. Fucking wondolowski.
Go troll somewhere else. Or better yet, don’t.
Oh yeah I was agreeing with your sentiment and adding to it.
Esther was way better for Dwight. I don’t know John David or John Michael so I don’t know if Angela has done better.
Deleted scene. That was Jim and Pam’s kids diaper
Yeah that’s the point of those memes. Saying something that in no way is a metaphor then lazily covering it up by saying “metaphorically speaking”. That is what trumps cowboy fanboy did.
Can you explain where the humor is in killing these people?
“Reallocate the resources to services more fitted to address the issues” doesn’t have quite the same ring to it
Alright I gotta hear how hank was a good guy but gomie wasn’t.
I havent seen enough analysis of the argument to really be sure I support it, but its less about paying people back for being slaves, and more about the systemic inequalities that have held groups back socially and financially even after slavery was ended
I agree. But it is likely they benefited from the institutions nonetheless.
Again, im not arguing for that point, just correcting the interpretation you had of it. I don't have an opinion one way or the other (yet) but I can at least understand the argument of evening the playing field that our country created.
If your interest in a sport is solely contingent on being able to bring a confederate flag to the event then you are not actually a fan of the sport, but the community around it.
Covering one thing does not mean they can’t cover other things as well. And the guy is the direct source on the quote so I’m not sure what you mean by “sources say”
What part of anything they said had anything to do with communism?
The DNC should start lobbying the SEC.
That could just mean it was used for something that it didn’t really apply to. My statement went beyond that to describe states rights as the antithesis of what the confederacy stood for. There is a material difference there.
Did you just wake up from a coma? Mariota has been gone for a while. Herbert was very talented but the coaching staff tied one hand behind his back for most of the season. Quarterback play was definitely not what was winning games last year. Aside from the rose bowl- they let him lose and he balled out there.
&gt; Other than replacing Justin Herbert, the Ducks are in great shape. This is VERY comforting considering how little the offense used his abilities
Which is extra confusing now that the pictures are out.
People like you who see trump and Biden as equal fucking baffle me
I’m a bernie guy but at this point we are stuck with two options. By abstaining you are saying you are indifferent between the two. I’m more than annoyed with the outcome of the primaries but I’m not going to throw a tantrum about it by not participating in the general. I’m going to try to make the best of a bad situation.
&gt; Biden is not the best of the bad situation Again, people like you saying Biden is not a better option than trump are ridiculous.
I don’t expect you to vote for any particular candidate. I’m just criticizing your stance that they are equal. Like if I was put in a position where I HAD to get shot with either a pellet gun or a shotgun, and if I didn’t pick someone else would choose for me. I really don’t want either of those things but I’m definitely going to pick one over the other.
To be honest I am pretty sure the person I replied to is a trump supporter trying to get other potential Biden voters to sit the election out.
It’s fine to be principled before the primaries but at this point you’re saying you’re fine with trump
Yeah that or the local law enforcement just decides what gets enforced and what doesn’t like Washington sheriffs
Yeah you entirely missed the point there
Finding Forrester Sexy
Yeah that’s not what that expression means
Someone saying “must of” talking down at the way someone else speaks...
You’re disagreeing that a statement can be true and also misleading? Seriously?
Which republican policies do you think would better serve these communities?
Very similar things but slightly different https://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-ego-and-vs-pride/
Fair point but in this case I would say it is
I would think the opposite. People who know the tech industry know how much of a dick he was.
Being upset that the president was ok with an enemy power killing our troops is war hawking?
“If the president does it its not illegal” seems to be his cult’s opinion
Ok so let’s assume the claim is fake, what does your comment about war hawking mean in that context?
And when they eventually just decide to run him over? Just keep running? They were there to kill him
Yeah that comment was (mostly) facetious. I do think those men knew exactly what they were planning to do there. Or at least what they’d get the opportunity to do.
I'm not advocating for punishing the president for "things I don't like"
Outside of maybe 10 square miles right across the river I don’t think anything in Vancouver seems much like Portland.
Ehhh I don’t know how fitting it is really. You have to go pretty far north or northeast of vancouver to get into something that would fit that name
Yes but what about this is political? This is just saying wear a mask to protect others.
Wearing a mask at home isn’t really the recommendation. If you’re living with someone there is enough exposure that the mask isn’t going to prevent much. It’s when you’re in public that it’s useful.
You can probably recognize your situation is not the norm, right?
Batman has an aversion to bats
I don't want to get into a feud with Rager_YMN_6, but I believe he wasn't educated on the situation at hand, and he spoke...
I mean it only takes one fan to do that right? I’ll withhold judgement on the fan base as a whole until I see more
Is this the PG version of ACAB?
I haven’t seen the tweet in question but I typically would disagree with the second part of your comment. If these things policed themselves we wouldn’t need to have legally protected classes.
Is Fred Meyer not enforcing the statewide mandate?
That headline is a mess
Does joe Biden have any link whatsoever to child porn?
Seems really weird for countries to cut ties with us companies because of social and non business related criminal activity.
Is this a bingo card..? I’ve never seen one that looks like that
Worried for the dog
You made the claim so I assumed you had some research to back up the claim. Apparently not. I don’t think oxygen levels have much to do with the mask preventing the spread.
The sign isn’t really for you, which you should recognize. Nobody is going to judge you for not wearing a mask while working from home.
If he crashed a left wing group and they joined in on some racist, antisemetic, anti science garbage then I’d be looking down on that group as well.
&gt; The crowd booed him Someone didn’t watch the video...
&gt; People in the US are less racist than anywhere else in the world. Do you have a source on this? I’m not even sure what sort of metrics you would use to support this
The crowd cheered, laughed, and sang along. The event organizers tried to stop him because they realized it was a really bad look for their crowd to be unironically singing along.
The one metric they mention there seems awfully superficial and the article even admits that identifying racism in a survey like that can be questionable. People don’t typically advertise their racism and it’s often a latent thing that they may not even recognize in themselves.
Doesn’t take a genius to look at something critically. You have to be able to recognize that the one question that survey asked was a pretty weak indicator of racism as a whole.
I hadn’t heard about any football related consequences. What were they threatening?
Right but there is no post season football in Mississippi. The title game is in Georgia.
Exactly. Football ccg is in Georgia.
&gt; it worked because the SEC was about to fuck the entire state out of football I was replying to this
Yeah that’s kind of the point
Blocking them from him or his generator doesn’t sound like assault. Edit: yeah I don’t want to private message you. If you have something to say you can say it here. Having security protect someone and their equipment is not assault.
If we’re talking leaders I would say no
The fact that the bounties exist is not the issue. The fact that the president of the US is ok with the bounties is a completely different story.
From the sounds of it his most imminent issues are in state court(s)
Was Obama palling around with bin laden?
That’s already been confirmed ten times over. Anyone who cares has already jumped ship. This is 100% a distraction technique
This makes me think of someone getting punched in the face, then being upset that they got punched, and the person who punched them saying “well if you only want to see the negative in what happened that’s your own fault”. Kind of hard to see the upside of getting punched in the face.
He lost by 3m votes. That’s what? &lt;5% of the voting population? I think it’s fair to casually refer to 47% as half
The company is well within its rights to not want hateful rhetoric on its platform
I don’t really know much about what other content they have, just disagreeing with the person arguing that what they’re doing is wrong
Why would Fox News lie about this?
CNN said Fox made this up? What are you talking about?
Ok I’ll expand on my original point of saying they’re within their rights to do that and add that there is absolutely nothing wrong with not wanting to broadcast that hateful rhetoric.
I didn’t know bama took 3 star kids
That’s what the original comment here is advocating/hoping for...
I’m sorry I misspoke. That would qualify as hate speech since it is directed at protected classes, and as such would be subject to the same treatment as other racial hate speech.
He did find a mountain of obstruction though, right? I would think that level of obstruction could make it difficult to find the truth of the matter.
Also shitty when it’s clear that a show doesn’t know how it’s going to end- the waking dead...
Wearing a mask isn’t really necessary if you’re outside in an area where you’re not close to other people, like a park.
