I dig the piano too.
He's Kevin King''s neighbor.
Honestly I didn't even know he played for us.
I agree too. He's underachieved as a HC and seems a bit weasley.
I 100% hate the light on the XBOX controller.
This is one of the reasons why Toy Story is Pixar's best movie IMO. This movie is so tightly wrapped, it's outstanding.
I almost skipped the Karen episode because I thought it was going to be an entire flashback episode. ...glad I stuck around.
I would have liked to have seen Winston Moss as interim head coach. He’s associate HC, and we’ve seen Philbin as a HC with MIA. I like Moss’s hardass attitude.
I am surprised they let Sherman ride out the full season. Not a SB winning coach Underachieved, but still squeaked into the playoffs (sounds familiar) Aging HoF who wasn't playing well. Getting frequently blown out, and finished with 4-12 record.
The blink face is ugly af and tarnishes their look.
So the Cardinals are a Balrog?
First one I thought of too. [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dqxv38A24zI)
I have the same feeling. TOYPAJ is my favorite, but I think Untitled is their best work.
Yeah it was more than a few.
Nah. He's not in the same boat, so I didn't include him.
&gt; I think Green Bay acts like they have a Tom Brady on their hands who thrives on throwing to nobodies and making them stars. That's not AR. You're 100% right on this. He likes his guys that are on the same wavelength as him. He had it made with Adams/Nelson/Cobb. Now with a bunch of rookie WRs, he's been struggling with that this year.
I would imagine that you would work from the moment you got up until the moment you went to bed, even if it's passively. You can probably dip out for dinners and maybe some family things briefly, but your mind probably never switches from football.
Kinda. DK came out 2.5 months after Iron Man. I suppose the hype was about as big for DK as the Avengers.
It used to be better because it wasn't saturated with content creators and viral clips had more longevity. Now anything viral lasts only a couple of days, but a lot of it gets lost in the mix.
My other favorites were Ascension and Midship (with shotguns and energy sword because of the close proximity).
Had to think of a few, but it's easily Starr's QB sneak in the ice bowl.
Kohl's, Fleet Farm can be cheap too.
Pepsi is child's drink.
That's very kind of you. I'm assuming you're working the game since you're leaving so early and leaving right after (and also sober).
I just know because that's my routine as well!
30 cartons for $30.
Dahmer too bruh.
Same. The show at first didn't really know what it wanted to be. Then it found its audience and is now just r/politics.
They actually had 5 drives of 19 yards or more against us!
Gotta wait for those desperate dark years where they bring back a glory personality to the team.
Man's gonna be 50 next year and he looks terrific.
I'm thinking it's going to go the way of Chip Kelly in Philly or Josh McDaniels in Denver. Sorry.
I think they gave him the key to the city too lol.
20-17 Bears.
That is a great accident. I imagine if they played the original take now, the ending would probably sound too crowded.
Are you talking the individual ones? Or the large one with all 3?
Albeit slightly altered each time.
But they've been working on a myriad of things.
Tom Hanks I would argue was already a household name. IIRC Pixar recreated a Turner and Hooch scene to demo to Hanks how the CGI would work.
I was actually looking forward to picking in the top 10. It's like being at the front of the line on black Friday.
That's a great point you make.
Davante is overshadowed by A. Brown and Tyreek Hill, but he has the same TDs and even more yards than Brown. Hill's avg/catch is ridiculous though.
Ahhh yes. Tom's Kriss Angel phase.
Rock show.
He was in Home Alone, right?
&gt; Mark thinks it’s too sad/dark and it’s not Blink. Maybe at the time, but Mark had a large part in the album. It wasn't just Tom's baby. Mark maybe bucked and kicked eventually, but he reflects fondly on the album about how good it is.
After seeing the Chargers get that last touchdown and seeing Rivers hold up the 2 fingers, all I could think was "no way they're going to actually go through with that." ...and I guess that's one of the reasons we have an interim HC.
I'm trying to figure out who to bandwagon. It's nice having likeable options instead of Steelers or Patriots (which it very well may still be). I'm also aware that my team is in the League of Evil.
This is what I've always chalked it up as. Since TT called the shots, it was Capers' responsibility to adjust/adapt.
I do agree with you. Difference seems to be that they allow yards/points early and then clamp down. With Capers it felt like the opposite - keep an opponent under wraps until the 2nd half and then they go HAM on us. It would also be nice to see what the D can do with an offense that doesn't constantly go 3 and out. Got a glimmer last Sunday.
I feel like Jordy would be thriving here right now. Not his home run self, but he was so great at hauling ass and catching any contested ball. Think of how many less throw aways Rodgers would have.
Haha, they're not for everyone...
We all know that Cobb always seems to have breakout games against the Bears, but I didn't realize how much James Jones &amp; Jermichael Finley owned their D.
Same. My friend and I were edge huggers, so we would land here a lot to loot up and have a chance at the end. It'd always be panic mode when we'd see other people landing with us.
I miss TF2. My most played multiplayer games are Halo, Smash Bros, TF2, and Fortnite.
When we had our first child, I was home a lot of morning, and I really got to like Good Morning Football. All of the personalities are pretty likeable, but I like Nate Burleson quite a bit, even though he was a Lion and Vikings, but I can let that fly.
Hey, we won SBXLV with the most players on IR, and our HC just got fired.
I'm wondering if we'll have a moment where Atreus is captured by Odin or Thor and we see blood thirsty Kratos until he gets him back.
A lot of people say that. Watching his reel, the dude was a unique breed.
Very thankful for this. Winter time is always when I crave Bond movies.
Oh man, that's hilarious.
Whoa, wtf. I've been following Ross since pre-TWD and I had no idea that wasn't Hugo Weaving. Had to look it up because I didn't believe you.
That loss was harder for me than SBXXXII.
Good surprise: Jaire Bad surprise: Our season. Answered the question of would they fire McCarthy if they miss the playoffs with Rodgers? The answer was yes.
I still see plenty of John Wicks, but certainly not as many.
I get why they don't do them anymore, but I really miss how wild Mega64 used to get in public with their videos.
Without any type of guard rail?
Far from it for me. Feels incomplete and like dad-rock.
Also, in Keanu's case, limit facial reactions to prevent wrinkles.
Always makes me feel happy hearing his voice.
Haha I was similar. I was 15 and didn't like fantasy movies. I also thought it was based on a video game...
Packers' FO would never bring in a personality like Ryan. Not to mention his track record has not been good since 2010.
Paying that off is the treat.
Same. Kratos is literally the GOW.
If you’re interested in a barcade, then yes, you will have a good time.
Unpopular here - Neighborhoods is a mediocre album. It's overly regarded by fans because it was one more shot with Tom.
We were also playing a team that is going to pick top 10 and most likely firing their HC. I'm also aware we lost to the Cardinals.
If anything, Mike's a no-bullshit guy and will at least make them a competitive team. Maybe not SB contenders, but they should have no problem battling for the NFCW, especially if he can improve Josh Rosen.
Ehhhh, we're missing a lot of pieces. We have a resilient team (not nearly like the Seahawks), but we need a lot of help in a lot of positions. Also, I'd say we're not far from being a "playoff contender," which means getting us back to where the team was ok enough to not be a dumpster fire, and Rodgers has to drag us to the post season. We're a bit off from being a championship team again though IMO.
Mike has a big heart, is a great locker room coach, and a firey competitor. I don't know the age of your team, but he's great for mentoring/developing young players.
I've always wanted to do this, but I've also never wanted to see the results.
r/NotTimAndEric/
These are my go-tos. Just a good escapism adventure.
Mine are kind of weird: Mallrats American Pie 2 The World''s End
I always assumed that "dog owner" was synonymous with "zero environment awareness." Kidding aside, there are responsible dog owners, but it sure seems like a majority of them are so mute to their dog's antics that they don't realize how irritating it is for the neighborhood.
&gt; this would be [at best] a lateral move from Mike McCarthy to Joe Philbin. We'd be going backwards, not forward.
Rob Davis.
Sort of like an American Karl Pilkington.
This.
Man, I work in the video industry, and I feel for the cameraman at the end of that clip. What an assbag.
I find Ferrell can be funny, but it is not universal. You can't stick him in anything and it'll be funny automatically.
Such a fun series.
Also, if Vick &amp; the Eagles didn't have that epic comeback against the Giants, they would have made it in over the Packers as well.
Loved the "Thank you Nintendo, very cool!" in the video.
WTF, really smooth and cinematic. I didn't even recognize most of those moves.
His family.
I would take a no-name over Philbin, Caldwell, or Pagano. At least then you don't know what you're getting. Though part of me could see Philbin working for some strange reason.
His cousin is 60 years younger than him?
[Your moves are weak.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C9oUgbyUwAAtLVM.jpg)
: /
Wasn't it Kevin King? Also, if we were in the playoffs, we'd have McCarthy still.
Major city? I understand Press Gazette &amp; MJS because it's Green Bay and Milwaukee. Can't say I've ever seen a Madison paper on here.
I just walked out of a Target today after thinking about Holmes &amp; Watson.
Can’t believe this guy is still releasing these videos.
Did you just say our defense isn't sit and then use Tyler Lancaster as one of the examples why?
Same. My audience was really good.
I feel the opposite, I think their food is great, but beer mediocre.
I said once that I’d rather watch Favre lose than Rodgers win SBs. I was not a smart man. I was scared to lose my fun QB.
I dunno, he’s kind of like a Pakistani Denzel.
60s Packers easily.
James Cameron - Avatar While I do like it and was blown away in theaters by it, it’s a somewhat forgettable movie (not to mention it’s hard to pick any one of his other classics).
I'm good with either. Both are really vital for our defense. Clark probably is more important however.
I’d be more bummed of all of the records that are going to get destroyed in the first 2 seasons because there are an extra 2 games.
Green Bay's crime rate is pretty tame.
YES.
The Bulls.
That’s why it’s my favorite. It’s wayyyy too relatable.
That's all I'm wondering. Really don't want these things falling out of the sky. Not to mention if there's any precipitation my box is going to be soaked, or the drones will have a rough time in any type of elements.
: /
Our SB winning season was weird, because we were 10-6 and a wildcard team, but we were never down by more than a TD in any game that season, so we also could have been 12-4+ (we had 2 OT losses that season as well).
Breakout: One of our WRs - MVS, ESB, or Geronimo getting that drip drop Disappoint: Kevin King : (
I’m so glad we didn’t lose a game after that and won the SB so our season could overshadow that play.
I dunno. I met him in college and thought he was one of the largest humans I'd ever seen. I guess he's 6'1", but he's also like 3 feet wide.
All in all, it's always some part of our defense. Maybe a sprinkle of o-line like you mentioned. Our line either seems to be top 5, or bottom 5 because our starters are all busted up.
You mean Saints legend Adrian Peterson??? Suck it Vikings fans, let me have this.
They all looked like they had car seats strapped to their backs.
Idris Elba in a lot of his movies.
The video game subreddits that I’m subbed to include Half-Life, Splinter Cell, and Timesplitters. I love pain and blue balls.
Pacific Rim was one of the worst movies I’ve seen, but I’ve never seen anything short of praise for it. Mostly people stroking it on the internet. I wasn’t excited for it, but I gave it a chance because GDT movies are usually home runs for me.
I just like that Geronimo is the play break down guy for Rodgers. Kinda like the new Cobb.
Icons and Screen Savers.
What do you mean was?
&gt; Adam always seems so angry on Twitter I agree. I'm glad everybody says he's so nice in person because he always seems really uptight and pissed about something.
&gt; Lighting is 100% tedious I work in production and I 100% hate working with lighting.
Our differences would mostly be regarding government expansion and/or intervention (though I don’t disagree with his case in this video). I did always appreciate that he’s able to think logically about problems and issues happening in the world instead of having blinders on for certain political parties. He’s typically been pretty good about calling out the bullshit on any side of an issue rather than stroking one and condemning the other which is so prevalent with just about every TV host today. Him pointing out how Ron Paul was being intentionally ignored by the media in 2011/2012 even though he was polling very well was hilarious and a relief to see. I wonder how he would have responded to the DNC blackballing Bernie if he were still host of The Daily Show.
Ohhhh, Kung Pow is terrific though.
Lee would have been good, but he’s so much more commanding and in control with his roles. The Loomis we got was a better fit because he was uneasy, jittery, and disturbed from Meyers.
I wonder if they would implement some type of tag system like Splinter Cell Conviction had where you could basically execute your tags and sequentially headshot all of your opponents.
I love it when sub memes cross over.
Not many games can match the atmosphere of this game.
Anything top 15 is all I've been asking for since 2011.
&gt; essentially a ghost of their loved one in the later stages. It’s truly awful. My close friend’s dad has had it since his early 60s and when I ask my friend how he’s doing, his response has gone from “hanging in there,” to “it’s a good day when he can remember us,” to basically no response now because like you said he’s tragically mentally removed from his family.
First game I thought of.
Apparently they really like June release dates.
Was surprised by that too. Also thought Harrison Smith was an odd choice for us.
100% $500 should be the cap for consoles. Even if it's a beast of a console, hitting the $600 mark just seems ridiculous.
I was curious who that person actually was until I realized it was you.
I think it is at this point. I think he made a lot of lists, but Peyton and Brady nudged him out. I certainly think he has a strong case, but it depends on where your metrics stop.
I got certified to teach people for forklifts years back, and there were lots of horror stories about people who don’t apply the brake on forklifts. Silent killers. The worse ones are if they tip and people try to jump out. Forklifts weigh about as much as a bus, so they tip over quicker than you can jump out, so lots of people have died basically getting pinned to the ground like a mousetrap.
Let's hope so.
Throwing picks and texting dicks.
Yeah I can imagine that. Thankfully he also gave us a SB.
Why are you downvoted? It’s true. Both come from Yale and were memebers of a fraternity that have pumped out prominent figures in the US.
Tony was under the dumpster during the epic battle.
I agree with you 100% Improvement doesn't necessarily mean adding more. Sometimes less is more.
HC &amp; Rodgers chemistry. Prepare for shitloads of ESPN articles during the season.
Our WR Antonio Freeman had 126 yards and 2TDs too. Usually you don't lose if a player has those stats.
Both the players you mentioned are considered top 5 at their position.
Rented Timesplitters 2 for PS2 with some friends. Didn’t know anything about it, but we were so hooked that we ended up co-op beating the entire game in one sitting. That, Halo 1/2, and Splinter Cell are some of my most warm and fuzzy memories of being in high school.
12 wins would obviously be outstanding, but with a first time head coach, that seems unrealistic. I hope I’m wrong and it’s a Sean McVay situation, but I’m hoping for at least north of .500.
Screamy Skiba is tops.
Agreed. I live near a Tru Value where guys are usually standing by the door waiting to help you and will take you to your aisle and give you suggestions.
I was afraid, because it’s really early in the episode.
Of course those dumbasses procreated.
The Catalina Wine mixer scene is funnier personally.
Always brings a tear to my eye. Toy Story is one of my favorite movies. The music in that moment compliments it so much.
Correct.
[That was from the regular season game the next season.](https://youtu.be/2ytdOm28qCg?t=669)
As punishment, I vote we bring back Faith Hill.
Bears/Packers is on paper bigger because of the longevity and history of it. I truly think the Packers/Vikings is more heated stemming back to the 90s. A lot of it I think has to do with the Packers/Bears have been rarely competitive at the same time for decades. One of us is usually sucking swamp water. Vikings you have the bullshit where we couldn't win at their dome in the 90s, Favre going to the Vikings, Moss owning us. Our games can get pretty chippy.
I'll puke if 2 teams are in the NFCCG, but I guess it happened in 2011 with us and Chicago.
"Anthony, Will you lead the Lakers to the best of your abilities?" "Why do you think I came all this way?"
Rams were just really solid on both sides of the ball.
This is true. Sorry for not thinking of you.
I think it's off Netflix now, but I saw it was on Prime.
Have you seen Lost Highway or the new season of Twin Peaks?
Pleased to see Linsley getting appreciation. Everybody jerks it (deservedly) to 69, but 63 is also damn fine.
Whoa my bad.
Firing squad?
I don’t know how they did it. So much of the game is believable, despite it showing it’s age.
Or becomes a Belgian detective.
I wasn’t specifically praising the skyboxes, just the general aesthetic of the game is so realistic.
Yes, I was really bummed because he was a great guy and teammate. I knew we weren’t going to re-sign him, but really hoped we would have kept him. Same with Hayward, except I didn’t really know how cheap he was going to sign for.
I grew up in a small town that had a Supercenter. The next town, which was slightly larger had some more shopping accommodations, including a Target. It always felt like a small taste of luxury going there.
Oh, had no idea.
Man I love that sequence. Really just everything about S2. So much heart and charm.
Sober, She’s Out of Her Mind, and Teenage Satellites are really rough.
I had a 4 hour car ride by myself one time, so I queued the holy trilogy to listen to in order followed by Linkin Park’s Hybrid Theory and Meteora. It was a great drive.
Is it like RIPD where the internet made it sound like you’re better off slitting your throat, but in reality, it’s an average entertaining movie?
2007 to Packer fans: The Future: “Favre is going to throw his 500th TD 3 seasons from now” Packers Fans: “AWESOME! I knew the old gunslinger couldn’t leave us. Who’d he throw it to - Greg Jennings?” The Future: “No, Randy Moss.” Packers fans: “Holy shit! We traded for Randy Moss???” The Future: “No, the Vikings did, after you traded Favre to the Jets, he left and signed with the Vikings.” Packers fans: Blue screen of death/does not compute
ITT: uncomfortable rivalry cuddling
By this logic it should be called the Green Bay Packers trophy. Lombardi was coach for 5 of those. Bill Belichick and Curly Lambeau have more wins as HC.
Eh, I still love Under Siege 1 &amp; 2 even though Seagal’s not a good person.
Really accurate assessment.
Whoas and nanas don’t bother me if they’re used appropriately. Some are fine in California, some feel forced in.
Get a job, grouch.
Does he really live in Denver?
God, he's lucky we gave him a second chance.
I know you're joking, but I would like to see him take more risks. Since prime Jordy, it's been pulling teeth to watch Rodgers throw into a tight window.
Golladay was a TD machine.
He was pretty hyped his rookie year but had to share a backfield.
Lol that was so weird. I was watching that episode one Saturday morning and my dad sat down and goes “is that Terry Bradshaw?”
It’s been great watching Paul Dano propel over the years. I’m a huge fan of The Girl Next Door, and it’s hard to believe that the goony looking friend would become the most successful actor out of the 3 friends. Also, watch Swiss Army Man.
Can’t wait for the Mahk rendition. JD POWA
While you’re right, plenty of RBs get credit that had monster o-lines. It can’t be because of his career duration, because Terrell Davis had a hella short career.
And Ninja stepped in for Mark.
I’d party with Bobby and Shelly.
I think Sammy was a top 10 CB at one point. This game was when he came back after missing the season with a concussion, wasn’t it?
It is pretty remarkable that this movie ended up being really good. Disney tried to make it direct to video.
I was agreeing and including another obstacle that Pixar faced.
Romo's would have been "OHHHHH JIM!!!!!"
How obnoxious to be 14-2 and not have home field. I always felt bad for the Titans in '99 when they were 13-3 and a freaking wildcard.
The fuck is wrong with you. Actively hoping for a rival to win more Super Bowls than your own team so it'll annoy another rival?
No doubt. Had to go through the 1 and 2 seed on the road followed up by the first 16-0 team.
I wanted to see it after the trailer, but I wasn’t sure whether it would be awesomely done, or terrible. Was very happy with it.
Just watched this last night, it lived up to the hype.
When Sam hugs Frodo before he leaves for the undying lands. That scene always crushes me, I actually can’t watch the end of the movie because of it. I lost a long time friend that I had known since we were in kindergarten. He actually took me to see LOTR when it came out even though I wasn’t interested. The popular impactful moments are always “For Frodo” and “You bow to no one,” but I wonder if other people feel the same way to this scene.
Oh thank God. I was concerned with how popular this post was that people were going to praise how good this was.
Eskimos bros
Soft G.
Half a season missed due to new CBA negotiations. Expanded season becomes a thing, which in turns wrecks the perfection of everything being divisible by 4, which means 1 new team added to each conference.
Honestly, byes shouldn't start until week 6. 4 &amp; 5 just seems way too soon.
Spider-Man 4 with Tobey. Also...Kung Pow 2.
Oh man, I have this game.
I'm really liking Tannehill's new outlook.
Something turned around with him the last month. I wonder if it was injury related, but he's been coming on pretty good as of late.
Just like every postseason, it's Aaron Rodgers. But unlike previous seasons, we don't need Rodgers to elevate to god tier status, he just needs to play like Aaron Rodgers. If he can hit his patented stratosphere level of insanity in the play, then everybody watch out, because we have a fairly competent defense this time.
An NFC West team since they've been Rodgers' achilles heel in the playoffs.
I've been pretty fascinated with McCarthy's offseason. Love seeing behind the scenes stuff of how coaches operate.
My first semester of college I had an Intro to Theatre class that happened in the mornings. The professor sat on stage and only had the stage lit while we all sat in the bucket seats where there was no light. ...18 year old me fell asleep 9/10 times.
Amazing.
IT'S NOT PRIMETIME, BUT IT'S NATIONALLY TELEVISED.
THEY WOULD HAVE, BUT YOUR TEAM BOUGHT THE STORE OUT.
I agree, but they also let our previous 1,000 yard rusher walk.
Given how few of wins the Giants have had since they were in the playoffs last, I'd be pretty happy with McCarthy. We won't know if it was him that helped the team win, or the HoF QBs that made the team better, I imagine it's both. I'll be very curious to see how he does on another team. Towards the end, Rodgers covered up a lot of warts on the team, but that was more Ted Thompson asking McCarthy to make chicken salad out of chicken shit. McCarthy always coached his guys up and got them to fight. One of his cons (but can be a pro) is he's a loyal guy. Sometimes that got him in trouble, sometimes that proved to be the right decision. Some games it felt like the team didn't show up to play (this was really apparent in the last 2 seasons, which was most likely a large factor in his firing).
Favre finished his career on IR after being the iron man for 19 seasons.
I just hope we're not a 1 season wonder like the Bears or Jags. I'd like to think we're not, because honestly we didn't outperform ourselves and we have lots of room for improvement, whereas the Jags &amp; Bears had outlier monster defenses when they made the playoffs.
You never know. Aaron Jones could find a relationship with some China food. Also I disagree that Lacy was a shell of himself. I won’t disagree that he wasn’t overweight, but he had a high YPC before going on IR.
Fucking lmao. Smith may be a bit off from playing again, but I laughed hard at your Shazier comment. Or maybe I was visualizing the Bears trying to bring in a QB with 1 leg to be their savior at QB.
Titty Biscuits.
Damn, I’d be pretty salty about that.
I’ll always welcome more Toy Story. I’m in the crazy small minority that didn’t care for where TS3 left things off.
Packers fans know they’re playing with house money right now. I think a lot of fans would be shocked if the Saints roll into Lambeau and lost.
I’d be honestly impressed. We’d have to go to the 14-2 Falcons, then go through the 15-1 Vikings who destroyed us that year, only to face the Broncos again who were much better than the year before meanwhile we took a step back.
Kind of shocking that a 15-1 team at hone was only 8 point favorites over a 9-7 wildcard team.
This was mine. Space movies that are more exploring and out there movies. Can even be sub genres like Event Horizon.
It’s not like the 49ers are full of Patriot cast offs.
That’s not even the worse 16-0 playoff choke in the last 5 years : /
Don’t upset Riley Cooper.
I mean, maybe, since Tomlin is going to the Redskins anyway /s
It was after it was over.
Ok, so it's not just me. I think a lot of the time that Brees is more focused on padding his stats than the game itself.
That is bonkers. I know McCarthy referenced analytics once or twice during his last season with us, but I'm REALLY intrigued to see what MM 2.0 looks like.
"Better play that soft prevent defense not to give up any points."
&gt; The Smith's were the final piece though. It ain't final, baby. Gute gotta get himself an ILB.
Honestly, I think what happened is we bled TT's scouts the years after we won the Super Bowl. • John Schneider • John Dorsey • Reggie McKenzie (there may be more that I'm missing) Our ability to scout and evaluate talent was pretty poor from 2014 onward until TT was outed for Gute. TT also became more of a hermit and a stubborn "we can homegrow our talent" GM because he saw his backup/depth defensive players win a SB. He had no problem trading players and signing FAs in his early tenure to bring the team back to up to a competitive snuff in McCarthy's first couple of seasons.
Cowboys couldn't stop the Packers when they had to in order to have a shot again. Not sure if they would have been able to stop them when they had a lead.
Cobb's a FA.
Is your dad Mike McCarthy?
I've been fearing this too, but I'm hopeful that it won't happen because this offense still isn't performing like it should be, so there's lot of room to improve. Kelly &amp; Nagy seemed like they pulled lots of tricks out of their hat their first year.
I always thought his Lions were undisciplined. Not sure if that would be the case with the Browns since they need discipline so badly.
A GM, whose job is to make the team competitive, is intentionally starving the team of talent so it struggles?
I was just thinking that it’s surprising that Lady Gaga hasn’t done one.
I do agree. In realtime, looks like it'd be 50/50, but no flag was thrown (which it probably should not have been). Also was nice to see that Rodgers wasn't bitching for a flag either.
I'm very thankful I'll be at the game.
https://i.imgur.com/eCDnj.gif
Wait...if the Patriots won Saturday, they'd still be in the playoffs. I think I cracked the code.
For some reason I never put it together that before and after Ms. Kim were not the same person.
That’s how I feel. He’s a Marine in the movie...
The cow identifies as a person.
Literally Heffer.
Did she speak? I was curious why she was highlighted/up a tier.
Tom Hanks in shambles.
To be fair, Favre had been already openly waffling on retirement. New GM saw a #1 overall pick fall into his lap toward the end of the 1st round.
Beware of Cobb in the backfield. That being said, he was well used in the offense otherwise.
*click* I think not.
*EET'S A RACE!*
I grew up out in the country and my mom let me drive when I was 15 just to get familiar with it (back in 2001). She was really weirded out with how well/comfortable I was driving that she wanted to know why that was, or if I had already been behind the wheel. I told her it was video games.
There was a Ray in there somewhere.
I didn't realize there are that many Seans.
Same. I didn't look at any posters, watch any trailers, anything, because I knew I was going to see this opening day. What a treat.
That's good to hear. I saw Quinn when I was in college and was pretty excited, but thought his show was actually quite bad (circa 2005-ish). The guy that opened was actually the white guy from the Chappelle Show "Real World" skit, and he was hilarious.
I remember Corey Williams being asked on GB show by fan if he’d like to stay in GB (was hitting FA) and said that he would, but kind of in a humoring the person way. The Packers tagged him, which it was nice to keep him, but then traded him 10 days later lol. Back in TT’s ruthless wheel and deal days.
Helmet to helmet shot on Rodgers on the play before too. ...also Larry Fitz shoving Woodson down more than once to catch the ball. (I'm not bitter about it)
Any Pixar movie made in the last 10 years.
This is probably the easiest answer for the Packers. [1989 Draft:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1989_NFL_Draft) 1. Troy Aikman 2. Tony Mandarich 3. Barry Sanders 4. Derrick Thomas 5. Deion Sanders 4 out of the 5 became NFL Hall of Famers. 3 of them being argued the greatest at their position ever. Mandarich was out of the NFL after 3 seasons before being picked up 4 years later by the Colts for 2 seasons.
wtf no
Where we meetin' for drinks?
SF/SEA are typically more intense thrillers too.
Getting ahead of ourselves: What about SEA @ SF?
I wonder if that's ever happened before? A wildcard team hosting the other wildcard team.
I dunno, is there an echo in here?
Bay Beach is closed AFAIK.
I guess I associated abandoned with no people.
It's going to be a painful offseason for Packers fans after next season for our defensive FAs.
I hear you just want to tackle him to win.
While I agree with both sides, I've always been a fan of playing your starters in the 1st half, almost like a preseason game. While they can still get hurt, they still get to keep some rhythm as a team, but expose themselves to injury a bit less.
SB MVP
I'm not used to this from the AFC. That's usually an NFC thing where there's always new blood in the championship game.
Cost the Texans the game.
He was awesome for you guys, but everybody in Green Bay was screaming to trade for Lynch when Ryan Grant went down in 2010. You guys got him instead. Rodgers &amp; Lynch would have been fun to see.
But that's not State Farm's motto!
Oh ha!
Same. I worked with a guy that did a shoot at Brad Pitt's house and he said there was a whole table set up with things to smoke. He said he didn't smoke anything at all, which was funny, because he did smoke in general. I've never smoked anything, but I certainly would have if I was in Brad Pitt's house. Seems kind of like those weird moments where you have to do something that you normally wouldn't.
We just rewatched the trilogy and they are pretty special. I even enjoyed the 3rd one more than I remember.
Alien - classic Aliens - legendary Aliens 3 - you massacred my boy Alien Resurrection - direct to video/Sci-Fi channel original
Jason Bourne 4 was very unnecessary.
Blasphemy!
Kinda overwhelming.
This game is really throwing me. All of the images look great, but some look [photo-realistic](https://i.imgur.com/ajzqZ6l.png), some look [stylized](https://i.imgur.com/OY9OW7T.png) where everything is really glossy, and others look like [concept art](https://i.imgur.com/FdY0EnF.png), like somebody drew it. Some also look a [high end video game](https://i.imgur.com/PNESJ9P.png), like you'd expect.
...
&gt; They weaseled their way to a bye ...by winning. How else are you supposed to do it?
WTF I never noticed the y is before the a...
Fascinating. Sounds like TT’s got a shelf of “almost” trades, like Lynch, Randy Moss, and Tony Gonzalez.
Crowbar is an excellent touch.
That's really all Adult Swim content. You either love it or hate it.
Flat panel monitor, nice.
QBs were exempt.
Do people really hate Draco’s character? You can see his struggles in the series and how his intentions change throughout.
Absolutely. It was so forgettable and didn’t go anywhere.
That's too long. I wouldn't even do it for 10. Longest I'd go is probably 5.
Same. That was a decision, and Rodgers should've had a call at the [end of this play.](https://youtu.be/5_bVkYh05ts?t=596)
I thought he was gay.
Chiefs gonna beat the Titans into a lowercase t.
Little Mermaid, but. Don’t remember it. Saw Hook and Beauty and the Beast around the same time. Hook kind of scared me as a kid, but I do like it. Beauty and the Beast is a classic.
I thought we were all dying in 8 years.
We did tried screen printing in my tech ed class in middle school. It's witchcraft.
How about L E G E N D A R Y
Getting immediate impact guys on defense was key for the for overhaul. The Smith Bros, Savage, and Amos transformed our defense. A couple of small, but big moves helped our o-line depth. The biggest thing personally has been our health, which you can probably control some, but also comes with a lot of luck.
&gt; Reflecting Pool was so nasty Are you sure it just wasn't DC in general?
Agreed. 3 is satisfying with its epic epicness and climax, but FOTR has so much intrigue, mystery, action, adventure, character introduction, background... And it was so important that all of it hit too, since it was the first one.
SoCo or Brandy are also good.
Vince Lombardi's house was just on the market, and there were stories about how after games on Sunday, players and their wives would go over to Vince's basement and have a few drinks. Players said it was ever the only time that Lombardi was in non-football mode. How amazing would it be to be a part of that.
Kyler Fackrell. Had 10.5 sacks last year, but we have the Smith Bros and up and comer Rashan Gary to compete with snaps.
Packers would have gone to 3 straight NFCCGs, getting by the divisional round by the skin of their teeth twice, only to get annihilated the next round.
I wonder what the BAC of the driver was. How do you hit that many things and not stop?
https://youtu.be/9DLuALBnolM?t=217
Saints have annoyed me since they won the Super Bowl. They have a weird victim complex.
I hate what the Packers are doing to the area surrounding Lambeau Field.
I mean, getting a 2nd round bye at 15-1 would have been beneficial for us...
You didn't watch the first matchup in November? They pointed out they were roommates in their "bachelor" days. Then Al Michaels alluded to some weird things afterwards like their apt/dorm was nicknamed Pussy Palace.
God, I forgot you didn't even have Gould then either. Thought it would have been an advantage for us. Silver lining (I guess?) for the Packers is that nothing they did last time worked. So I would expect a lot of different things this time. Will be curious to see. It will ultimately come down to the trenches IMO.
Rodgers &gt; Jimmy G GB RBs &gt; SF RBs (close though) SF WR corps &gt; GB WR corps GB OL &gt; SF OL (pretty close though) SF DL &gt; GB DL (don't know what you're smoking) SF TE &gt; GB TE, no contest SF LBs &gt; GB LBs, no contest SF CBs = GB CBs. Sherman is having a great year, but he's not their whole secondary, like Davante isn't our entire WR corps.
Rodgers will just have to take whatever's given to him. Can't wait around for something to develop. LaFleur will have to have a shock collar with a timer on him.
I agree for this game because I feel like we're pretty outmatched. I hate when a QB just runs after 2 seconds, but Rodgers may have to do that.
I'm good with any matchup. I want my team in it badly naturally, but the other 3 teams have only represented once in the last 20 years.
The division banded together after 2010 and vowed to never be the laughing stock of the post season again (even though the 7-9 Seahawks won a game).
I hear SF is notorious for liking the D.
JFC that’s terrible.
We had inactives against Seattle due to the flu.
FUUUUU When we were in the NFCCG last against the Falcons, our team got hit with the Flu then too. That time of year I guess.
70s too. 22 years with 2 playoff appearances. To put it into perspective, the following 22 seasons we had 17 playoff appearances. Also that timeline went from Mike Holmgren's first season all the way to the NFCCG meltdown in Seattle under McCarthy. That's a pretty big span.
He should probably just retire instead of making a clown of himself.
He’s a FA isn’t he?
It's a shame Jimmy's a shell of himself because he looks scary in that photo.
I smell a remake of Crossroads.
Will he go for the easy check-down decision, or force one?
To hell with watching an important/intense game with filthy casuals.
I’m not sure I understand Paul.
I know the pick ended the game, but it was sealed long before that.
I thought Blake has had a really good career for us, but he was fairly atrocious in the playoffs this year. Love his heart though. One of our motivators/leaders on the team.
I would take some and live in my delusional reality.
49ers would have to run instead of pass. We’d have them right where we’d want them lol.
I initially thought Russian, then I saw the shoes.
I’d be willing to bet he’s got close to $400M in the bank. If he rides out his current contract, he’ll have made about $300M from the Packers alone. He’s getting that State Farm money right now, Pizza Hut paid him a lot a while back, Ford for a couple of years. And supposedly ADIDAS paid him a shitload of money to use his likeness.
Both your points stand, we overachieved and we’re very healthy this year, however, we also had lots of room for improvement. So I’d like to think we’re nit a one year wonder under LaFleur, but we won’t know until down the road.
Seahawks manage to play every team close just about. Also division rival tends to make a difference.
Steve Young effect.
That was my thought. They had a 2 year gap where there was no NFCW team during the decade, but then they came right back with the Rams &amp; now 49ers.
I was recording stock footage around Washington DC (approved by the city), but I was a little freaked because there's no good way to carry a tripod without looking menacing from a distance. I didn't want to [carry it over my shoulder](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fc8.alamy.com%2Fcomp%2FBHMP0Y%2Folder-man-carrying-tripod-and-spotting-scope-across-titchwell-beach-BHMP0Y.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamy.com%2Fstock-photo-older-man-carrying-tripod-and-spotting-scope-across-titchwell-beach-28115835.html&amp;docid=5CcGnOjYL4sk6M&amp;tbnid=JHGGfXCJRBuXnM%3A&amp;vet=10ahUKEwj9mIy_npPnAhXrAp0JHUmlBkgQMwidAigxMDE..i&amp;w=864&amp;h=1390&amp;client=firefox-b-1-d&amp;bih=983&amp;biw=1821&amp;q=carrying%20a%20tripod&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj9mIy_npPnAhXrAp0JHUmlBkgQMwidAigxMDE&amp;iact=mrc&amp;uact=8) or [sling it on my back](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fae01.alicdn.com%2Fkf%2FHTB1_ahiLXXXXXX2aXXXq6xXFXXXA%2FNew-Tripod-Carrying-Strap-For-Manfrotto-Gitzo-Slik-Tripod-Strap.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.aliexpress.com%2Fitem%2FNew-Tripod-Carrying-Strap-For-Manfrotto-Gitzo-Slik-Tripod-Strap%2F825126238.html&amp;docid=mRphaYBkIrtbrM&amp;tbnid=lXNCcnJ-cFfUKM%3A&amp;vet=10ahUKEwj9mIy_npPnAhXrAp0JHUmlBkgQMwi8ASgMMAw..i&amp;w=1000&amp;h=1095&amp;client=firefox-b-1-d&amp;bih=983&amp;biw=1821&amp;q=carrying%20a%20tripod&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj9mIy_npPnAhXrAp0JHUmlBkgQMwi8ASgMMAw&amp;iact=mrc&amp;uact=8) and look like a gunman walking by the FBI HQ or the Capitol. This was also right after the verdict of Trayvon Martin had come out, so I was warned that there might be tensions, unrest, or riots in the area, so I just felt like I was asking for it walking around looking geared up, so I was trying to carry the tripod in really stupid ways to make it feel less off putting at first glance.
Totally. Could really feel a lot of anger, strength, sorrow, and power.
It's got a little camp to it, but I liked that about the show.
23 year old me would be devastated by me just 10 years later. How can you make quadruple the money and be in the same spot as I was? Easy, add a MUCH more expensive living situation (owning a nice home compared to splitting a duplex 3 ways), having a car payment, and having 2 kids.
I definitely was thinking the same thing.
There really isn't a rumored sequel is there?
I thought he was taking time off or at least really dialing back his schedule after Avengers.
They also come with sodium benzoate.
Wouldn't that be something? If it helps, it seems like teams can't light the world on fire, have a freakishly good year, and win the SB. That being said, I certainly wouldn't be opposed to a deep Lions playoff run.
It’s become an obnoxious trend to bring back series that hasn’t had a film in a while only to now kill off an important character almost for the hell of it. The Bourne movies had a satisfying ending - Nikki Parsons smirking when she hears that Bourne survived and escaped. But! 10 years later we could make another Bourne movie and kill Parsons just because.
Robin Williams until 2005.
Wow, yeah. His films are always so fun. I’d probably stop when he got elected though.
Harrison Ford.
You really wonder if they would notice that their team won the SB or if they would be more preoccupied with the fact that the Packers didn't make it.
Snap was pretty clunky, but I loved having my achievements list up for a game while I was playing it.
He's like Logan Paul.
M4trix 4ever
Remarkable signing. Turned the attitude of the team around just like that.
This is Pettine's 2nd year as the coordinator. We won the SB in Capers' 2nd year as coordinator and had one of the best defenses in the league that season. That buys you a looootttt of leash (albeit more than it should have been).
Jury's still out for me on Pettine. Some games it was "hell yes, we are actually keeping shit opponents to just 10 points a game instead of actually having to outscore them," but then seeing how much 49ers stomped us in 2 different ways was really concerning because we'll have to play them again.
Must've paid good money for that design.
Damn, that would be perfect.
This is my favorite scene from Old School. Such a terrific movie.
Same. I think ours is usually $75, but all of our info is saved from previous years so a lot of stuff is already auto filled out. My LPT is that if you do use Turbo Tax, pay up front because it's cheaper. If you pay with your return it's always been a lot more for us (like $120).
“When I was... ...a young boa”
Welker at least had a shot at 2 rings. Cobb or Graham have been to 0. Welker's even got a 3rd shot being on the 49ers staff right now.
We had Barnett, Bishop, and Hawk at one point. That was a luxury.
Really evident watching the Vikings &amp; 49ers. Damn their ILBs really make a difference.
Leading tackler is his best feature undoubtedly, but ILB has many more metrics than that.
Didn't realize XBOX One is that poor. Damn.
True, but Rodgers hasn’t been him hawing about retirement.
It’s any other TE time.
I suppose, but Rodgers has been vocal about wanting to play until at least 40.
Larry David
Michael Thrahan
Yup. For how well our offense played, our WR corps had a bit of the dropsies. Even Cowherd said Rodgers should have had 450 yeards passing.
Mine and I would binge movie and games growing up. I find myself recircling to our favorites frequently. I think it’s because it’s an escapism to remember the times rather than a painful reminder.
Loved this movie. I wanted to see it as soon as I saw the trailer, but it was somehow weirder than it seemed, but it was so delightful.
No kidding. Just $15,000 would be life changing.
I agree. He only got the brunt of it because it happened at the end of the game.
Holy shit, wow.
Man loves his food, but I'm gonna miss him when it catches up to him.
Really glad those Rams got their SB, but damn if I didn't want the Titans to win too.
Split screen with 4 different camera perspectives at all times.
He's stepping into all of these throws now. It seems like now everything's backpedal throws.
Missed out on Luke trying to raise his ship out of the bog for 10 minutes on a lock down shot with the cantina theme playing at half speed.
She was outstanding, plus I loved the tone/atmosphere/ambience of that movie.
Kung Pow 2 Spidey 4 with Tobey Don’t know if there was ever going to be a Constantine 2, but I really liked the first one. Something about Keanu Reeves being a badass in a suit named John.
That's cool to hear!
They didn't ask who's the richest af of our generation?
I would totally kick his butt.
TWINE was a pretty solid game.
Path of Neo.
Apparently people hate Diamonds Are Forever. It's one of my favorites.
Not that it's ok, but so have like the last 8+ Presidents.
I was thinking that too. An engine doesn’t have to keep up with anything, if anything it’s the other way around.
One of my fears is the call for state police, or something at a more federal level for police. What you said about police having a greater sense of community is so key IMO.
Isn't that most states? Anywhere outside of the major cities have different mindsets.
Lucky for you then whole season is in danger.
Everything in society has to be one or the other regarding any situation unfortunately. Politics, beliefs - you're either for or against something.
Isn't that redundant?
Let's hope they don't start 3-0 because we play them in week 3.
If the autographs are real, then that football's worth at least $1k. Reggie White &amp; Favre's autographs combined would be $500.
A lot of that stuff is going to be harder to find. The mini helmet is a nice relic. Depending on whether that SB ticket is a print, or authentic, I'd say either way that's all worth $100.
What makes you say that?
Yup, the Deep South is terrifying.
Honestly, King is not a no brainer. I think he's definitely worth keeping, especially if he can play all 16 this season.
Man, that Philly game stings so bad. I wish I could get over heartbreaking playoff losses better than I can at everything else in life.
Discovered Cooking With The Blues last week. Great home style cooking - a lot of meals that feel like something your mom or grandmother would make.
I figured he did because you see his body when you play as Mia, but I don't think I've ever seen it because it was covered.
RE5 is probably my 2nd favorite. My wife and I play it all the time and she bought it on release day, so we have a lot of good memories with it.
So incredible. Also when they're fighting upon the skyscrapers.
Ryan Grant bro.
Rodgers is the book smart QB and Favre is the street smart QB. Both have hella physical talent though.
I’m not downplaying Cook’s abilities, but he had 150 rushing yards and a TD, but he had a 75yd TD run, so the majority of his rushing stats came on 1 play.
Missed an opportunity for Will Smith to have a Suicide Squad song.
Sexiest Kardashian.
I mean, you were ranked 1 last year.
I replay Dead Spaces 1 &amp; 2 probably annually. Beat DS3 the week it came out, hated it, and have never played it again.
He was the whipping boy because it was an obvious gaffe near the end of the game, but basically the entire team had 7 chances to not mess up to seal the win and the blew all of them.
It was Tramon. Kearse was basically a ghost all game until that play.
IIRC we returned our entire offense when we looked like we were cruising to the SB before our Seattle meltdown. We went 10-6 the next year (also lost Jordy to his ACL), finishing the season on a 4-6 stretch.
Trash at driving sober maybe.
It'd be weird to envision an empty stadium during the Super Bowl.
Better to overperform than underperform.
SPLC isn't the best resource. They're a very corrupt org and will list orgs strictly because they don't agree with them.
I don't think you can be any closer to JJ's without it being in the photo.
My kids were playing with a sprinkler in our yard and water was pooling up around the base of their playset. There were probably over a dozen worms that had come up to the surface. My daughter was frantically trying to relocate them, it was adorable.
Chris as a Mr. X bad guy that chases you through the game and throws boulders at you.
Remember when he said he was the best TE in the league?
This engine is beautiful. Looks like it's the developer's own.
DEVELOPERS DEVELOPERS DEVELOPERS DEVELOPERS DEVELOPERS
xXxXboxxXx
Yeah, the whole team had to show up to win this one.
Favre in the modern era would be interesting. All good QBs seem so disciplined and grown in a lab these days. He’d probably be more like a Jameis where his stats are all volume plus all of the mistakes.
He was though. He consistently had a hamstring issue. Same thing with Clay even though he technically didn't miss as many starts as you think - maybe they didn't quite miss starts, but they would certainly be sidelined during a game or not at full strength.
&gt; apiece.
$100 difference feels too much to me if the only difference is a disc drive.
Ok, I just finished a post posing this question. That is helpful.
High rating on Rotten Tomatoes and passing $500 million indicate otherwise.
Adam Driver has such a good presence in his films. He doesn't even have to be doing anything, just be in the scene.
Ranking lists like this never bother me.
Well damn.
It’s like 2 Keanu Reeves franchises in 1.
I believe somebody asked him this in his AMA.
I would take just a Blu-Ray version of True Lies. 4K is asking for the moon at this point.
From my understanding he never appeared at the events, but gave the money back.
I got that thing too. I can't find any pictures of it, but it was a big box that you could see all the discs placed so you could look at them.
Same. I just keep myself "offline" mostly because I get spammed with invites and it annoys the hell out of me.
Grandma’s Boy Kung Pow
I don’t recall Princess Di looking straight faced or in pain all the time.
I laughed pretty good at this.
That was a weird season for the NFC. There were a lot of top heavy teams, but nobody (besides the Rams) seemed that good.
I am 100% the same. Only grew up with a PC, built a couple of solid rigs in college, but once I graduated, roommates had the original XBOX, then soon to be 360. It was a combination of console games were catching up to PC games in terms of at least looking like they’re in the same generation, coupled with couch co-op is amazing, as well as developers began focusing more on consoles as well and PCs were sort of taking a backseat. Add on to the fact that my full-time job involves working on a computer, so when I get home I don’t feel like sitting at a computer anymore. My power supply died on my computer almost 2 years ago and I haven’t bothered replacing it still.
Clay lived for clocking guys when changing to a blocker during a turnover.
Honestly, pre Mahomes, the Chiefs have not been a juggernaut. They’ve certainly gotten better with Reid, but haven’t been too competitive since the early 2000s with their wonderful Holmes/Johnson backfield.
Kinda. It felt like a lot of older NFL games would have college level scoring, like 72-6.
Do you give yourself a present every day?
They better be for how much we’ve invested in them.
Financially they don't cost anything, but having a great tandem at RB, and using a 2nd round on a position that we didn't need to me means a lot of investing.
That's what happened to Johnny Jolly with us. He was suspended indefinitely in the summer of 2010. We won the SB that season, then went 15-1, and he came back into the league after a couple of seasons. He supposedly watched the SB by himself because he didn't want to be with anybody. Felt bad for him because he was a great locker guy and popular with teammates, just couldn't get off the codeine.
&gt; this is year six of his tenure, one playoff appearance and zero playoff wins should not earn a seventh season. Damn, time flies.
Yup, been a bit of a mystery. The big drama with him when he was drafted was the condition of his shoulder. He didn't need surgery after all, so maybe he just needed the season to get acclimated to the NFL? Time will tell I suppose.
Don't worry, I don't have 5G.
TBF Ice Cube's Twitter is all over the place.
Andy Serkis bruh.
You’re not because whenever a weekly update is posted here, it’s filled similar comments to yours.
Nude. Parker.
Mob mentality is dangerous.
My dad owns PlayStation, he said he’ll look into it.
We had a positive point differential most of the season because of this game alone even though we finished like 4-12.
