sorry friendo, sick af and I couldn't make myself sit up to get my computer.
are heart worms better or worse than the flu?
Legit this is the most sick I've been since I had swine flu the summer before I started college.
😵
yup I knew I had been exposed, I just really was hoping that it would be covered by the flu shot. Unfortunately this strain that seems to be going around is just not well inoculated against.
Thanks! I'm on a round of tamiflu so that's helping speed it up I think, I'm hoping to be able to go back to work tomorrow or friday...
single stall only for pooping
Also I'm so fucking excited to see Edzo in box tonight
JFC guys
some fucking defense would be helpful at some point, guys
I just figured he's so used to yellow on jerseys being Nashville 'round these parts.
&gt;no clue why [ok](https://i.imgur.com/okp66FD.gif)
None of the players showed up to the game so they got a bunch of the staff from the UC to dress in their unis and play instead
I'm very possessive over my lighters
idk what's going on here but it sounds entertaining
I'm pretty sure that's cough syrup mixed with sprite and a jolly rancher
I am finally getting over it and on the road to recovery today. It was a fully miserable week though.
idk but it's not going well
Well yeah I've seen people crush a brick of Natty light. Nothing could be more disgusting than that.
HEY. YOU ARE NOT BLACKHAWKS AF. YOU CANNOT SAY SUCH THINGS.
fucking fuck fuck fuck
I mean this is what you get for hanging out with SMG I guess
I miss Hjammer so much these days
just keep listening to it over and over and eventually you'll love it
wow even I'm not that mean
should be, but when the lineup is switched so drastically every year it gets hard to keep other things stable
Where is everyone!? Why was nobody on Karlsson!? This is dumb.
Glass just fucking loves coming way too far out of the net. Stay in ur home, man.
SHARPSHOOTER! HE REMEMBERS WHAT IT'S LIKE!
https://media.giphy.com/media/GcDtLf4RAdiRG/giphy.gif
this new old Sharp
:(
PuCk CoNtRoL
I don't hate this
WHERE IS THIS HAWKS ALL THE TIME I DON'T GET IT
SCHMALTZY SCORING W DAT JEW POWER
heh
REMEMBER HOW FUN IT CAN BE
wow welcome back, have some whiskey to warm up!
IT'S NOT COMPLICATED BUT IT IS HARD
EXACTLY
good answer
WHERE. IS. THE. D.
They're just completely different. A chocolate chunk won't do when I'm craving a b+w, and vice versa. Also a b+w is a very infrequent treat, whereas chocochunk is more of an every day type cookie.
WHY DO THEY ONLY FEEL THE NEED TO WORK HARD WHEN THEY'RE BEHIND ONE I DON'T GET IT YOU FUCKS
that is a terrible analogy! It's more like how often do you feel like doing the job you're already employed at and paid generously for?
I'm down now that I am no longer dying of influenza
I'm now imagining Archer doing commentary for the Bears so thx
it's only a bad decision if you didn't get one of those doritos locos cheesy gordita cruch because those are perfection in food form.
Sometimes I get high and forget to put my glasses back on after I shower and then I can't figure out why the thread is so fucking hard to read.
I switched over from firefox to google chrome but none of my upvotes for other people switched over with me, so everyone's gonna be getting more than usual upvotes from me so I can build those babies back up
I got high so that my shoulder wouldn't hurt while showering
stay with meeeeee
:( THIS UPSETS ME GREATLY
Laziness won for a long time over functionality
at least your ghost is good at imitating your habits and came to the thread for the game
I want a doritos locos taco, just in case you're picking up taco bell
mmmmm the classic Passing Practice
no our PP is just that bad
Well ghost you is doing pretty well so far, at least.
I could see how that would be confusing
why do the hawks all look like they're skating in molasses
nuh uh, he's just the best character
well friend *you* have not seen 2nd period Hawks
We know
I really enjoy his super heavy slavik accent
His eyes get weirdly darty toward the camera
Yeah that was a story full of fun facts!
a place that sells chicken and biscuits
you guys I'm eating some bougie as fuck yogurt that I wanted to not like but it's really good
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME SHARPIE?! WELCOME BACK BB
lol ok man
🤷‍♀️
I'M STILL PRETTY SURE IT'S NOT
I feel bad because that was a shitty call but also I'm so fucking excited that we just scored on a PP
[woooo](https://media1.tenor.com/images/98e79402b22cf7248ea9a56b32b67da3/tenor.gif?itemid=4881863)
he even has a great supervillian name already!
Sens second period makes ours look not terrible
byeeee
well of course you would
this period feels like it's been on forever
https://media.giphy.com/media/mLGnUCverTQ52/giphy.gif
OH MY GOD WHAT IS HAPPENING ON OUR FUCKING PP TODAY
IT'S A SIGN OF THE APOCALYPSE
the ref did the same as me!
wow the Sens are not happy
Saad did guide him very nicely to the ice, so that was good
wtf
thank you for reminding me how much I love this
okay how long can we keep both teams at full strength for?
yeah he's like alright
well, this should be interesting
mmmmm eclair
ah. well our printer stopped working right before the rush this afternoon, so I know how you feel.
No, we're in the middle of a heat wave. It rained today.
Wow, get well soon Pierre. As much as I make fun of you and your random facts, you are part of this game. Fuck cancer.
Petition to just have Doc tonight with no Milbury pls
something something shoe
buffalo isn't up to being anyone's rival rn
🙋‍♀️ oh wait...
I was gonna say maybe Sharpie
yes, this is much better than commenting about downvotes oh, wait...
oh bb I'm so sorry you had to find out this way
THEY'RE PSYCHING THEMSELVES UP
RIP VINE
thanks for your input
oh my NHL app alerted me with all 4 names in the blurb
Sharp playing like it's 2013
That actually makes me feel much better, thanks
LOOKS LIKE THE REST DID GRAMPS SOME GOOD!
and now for the offsides ~~challenge~~ coin flip!
lol spirit of the rule
we were talking shit, he's right
at least you can rest easy knowing all your online friends were celebrating too!
THIS JUST IN WE LIKE WHEN PLAYERS PLAY GOOD
OH MY GOD AN OFFISDES CHALLENGE WENT OUR WAY THIS IS A MIRACLE
oh my god I forgot how perfect this is
Just NBC things
Adam Sandler EDIT WAIT ACTUALLY Adam Sandler as Happy Gilmore
holy shit it's been a while since that's happened
Most entertaining hockey game ever
shun the non-believerrrrrr
your *favorite* games are against the wild?? What kind of masochist are you?
Neither coach is as ballsy as Q
That would be the most entertaining hockey game ever
ew
your unfailing optimism is one of your more charming quirks
This thread has the most hilarious disparity between upvoted comments and downvoted ones. Usually everyone hovers between 1-3. This thread everyone's either at -3 or 10.
You could just leave
&gt; agregious
this is the least salty I've ever seen them
that's why they come in packs of 2!
will it also be mac and cheese based?
NOBODY ASKED YOU
oh I feel much better now, thanks
every team in Evanston is called the wildkits because we lack imagination
imagining Boudreau just fucking swimming in chocopudding lmao
no, disappointing for me
get 2 packs?
you know what would be better? just a regular fucking milkshake.
I take milkshakes very seriously
even better
yeah my clicking finger is getting tired
I'm doing that but with upvotes, because I'm not an insufferable cunt
who the fuck is just yelling "offisides!"
that's a ridiculous assumption
OH MY GOD I AM FULLY CLENCHED
ouchy
you talk to it like it's a friend, that way you don't feel so damn lonely
trying to figure out if this would allow me to shitpost more or less
I love that you felt the need to specify that it's a women's team
We have had literal endless SOG and are losing this game. wtf.
ok man no more tacos for you
EDZO WOULD BE SO DISAPPOINTED IN THE NET FRONT PRESENCE OF THIS TEAM
good bot
&gt; Also sounds like let's blow cocks, btw. I mean it definitely doesn't, but okay
I really hate how far Forsberg slides when making that save
you're not kidding
What’s up from the [nosebleeds](https://imgur.com/gallery/sgYzI)!! Here with ma girl /u/diamondburintherough. Hoping for a hawks win, or at least a hawks goal.
Implying the metro is more stressful than the central
😭😭😭
This game is dumb
It looks like none of them even thought about the game of hockey during the bye week
Actually, in cases where the father actually fights for custody he is awarded it about half the time. The problem is that custody is usually settled outside of the courts by mediators.
how unfortunate. It's a Thursday night! What is everyone doing!?
:(
we would all enjoy this
I like that it's too early and you still linked it
Seems like the D is actually awake tonight, so that's good
oh it's already time for an intermission ciggy? I guess I'll go.
all of the above? He seems very conflicted.
I member
Yeah that’s kind of what I’ve been doing this week but then I end up sleeping through my alarms and not having enough time in the morning. Ugh.
LGH PLAY ALL 3 PERIODS PLS
I've actually had to stay late at work like 3 days this week so I'm basically okay being a little late to work for once. I usually absolutely hate being late, but at this point I've given them so much time and effort this week that they owe me a little lmao
well nobody claimed he was good at maffs
We must have so much post interest collected at this point
:[
oh, the whistle, that's silly
That was the dumbest no-goal I've ever seen. Intent to whistle is bullshit.
CBJ?
So what really gets me is that this team obviously has it in them to play well. They're doing it tonight! So why can't they seem to do that all the time? What is making this team be so unpredictable?
REVENGE IS BEST SERVED COLD
it's good to get a little sun once in a while
&gt;bowling like shit sooooo...bowling?
I KNOW I WANT ONE SO BADLY
excellently done
LGH third period!
NGL those red seats are pretty dope
you should feel like it's hilarious
not gonna lie
HINNY YOU SHOULD HAVE SHOT IT!
nighty night
frOG protection?
karma
shhh bb ees ok
the Hawks just love that one extra pass that ruins the play
I WOULD ENJOY IF THE HAWKS COULD JUST END THIS SHIT
wow 441 consecutive UC games sold out, that's fucking impressive.
PACK THAT PROTEIN POWDER
DEBRINKITTY HATTIE!
STATE OF THE URINATION
yeah I dunno why anyone would ever watch nbc over csn (I WILL NEVER SWITCH OVER TO SAYING NBCSPORTSNET). Pat 4 life
now kith
oh well there's a rebellion I can get behind!
so what you're saying is that this dumpster fire of a season could be all your fault for not watching it?
you should start throwing stuff at them.
I fucking hate tattletales, especially when they are clearly worse at their job than you. We have a nurse that will absolutely tattle if she overhears you say one thing wrong or mis-state something. Go straight to her boss and then to our (front desk) bosses. Like...mind your own fucking business! She once tattled that I sat and talked to my dad for a few minutes. IT WAS ABOUT A PATIENT, BITCH. and then I got a "talking to" for "socializing" during work. UGHH. I feel you.
OH MY GOD THAT SOUNDS LIKE SO MUCH FUN ALSO WHAT HOUSE ARE U
I CAN ROLL WITH THIS
no wonder we get along so well lmao
...WHO? WHO R U THAT SCORED? YAY.
No I'm definitely not outgoing or stupidly courageous enough to be a Gryffindor.
this makes me very uncomfortable
so what you're saying is Batman is in the house?
Seeing a few bright spots on the Hawks, but overall very sloppy hockey
omg homemade pierogi pls send me some
maybe a lot of farmers with weirdly shaped dicks watch hockey?
&gt; hockey sluts how did u know
He sometimes also goes by the simple minded Ephraim and Klaus the German
very particular people on that website
I can't stop laughing at Blerkherks
IT HAD ALMOST EVERYTHING
no thanks
yeah man people should understand by now that you can't tell cats not to put their paws somewhere. They'll do it just to piss you off afterwards.
good going down, even better coming back up.
Deffo voting Biss. He has the best chance to beat Rauner, as well.
BUT I'M WATCHING HOCKEY
I LIKE ~~TURTLES~~ TOITULS
He is in 6th grade. There's no way he's not a 6th grader.
SO HE IS TECHNICALLY A MAN
I don't hate it
YEAH FORSBERG YOU SHOW THEM WHICH FORSBERG IS BETTER
y r u in my brain
Hey congrats! That's awesome.
You left your post and it needed to be filled, what can I say.
Me too :( :( :( Do you know anyone who wants to buy a condo but not live here and rent it to some nice kids who are quiet and clean and just want a nice place to live??
I live in Evanston, just south of downtown E
oh good that sounds like a fun way to end the game
Hey NSH, your chants are not as unison as they usually are. Something to work on. ETA: Wow you try to give some constructive criticism....
That's true, but the beginning of the chant was definitely a little muddled
or don't just get pummeled....
WILMETTE NATIVE
:D
I always appreciate a good Goon reference, but it's especially apt at this moment
did u know shooting is just passing into the net
I'd like it a tad better if the Hawks were winning, but it has been fun
what are they supposed to call him?
but...isn't that his name?
VINNY HINNY U BEAUT
happy Cake Day!
oh please, they wouldn't be able to show that on TV
it's less of a jump and more of a step into the square directly in front of me...
um....there hasn't been any of that here? like at all?
&gt; THIS IS AN ACTUAL HOCKEY GAME. I think we've discovered the problem this season
I'm mostly completely shrug about it. Like, one more pedo off the streets? Alright, I'm cool with that. But also he clearly did it because he was gonna go to jail, not because he like felt bad about what he had contributed to (the abuse and rape of children). I'm ambivalent about it.
Friendly reminder to upvote the thread!
I want to go smoke again but the last time was so fucking miserable that I'm hesitant
I mean, the other option for him was to not download 50,000 pics and videos of children getting raped and abused. I dunno, I have a hard time feeling too sorry for someone who was contributing to the CP industry. I *never* say this about suicide, but he took the coward's way out.
how very polite of him
I would like a strong 3rd period pls
I LIKE THOSE ODDS
yo you are gonna fucking love that TV. I have a 55" HDR 4K and it is amazing. First thing you should watch is Planet Earth 2. Trust me.
troof
Turn off all the lights, as well. It's so, so beautiful
You're in luck: Blue Planet 2 is airing in the US RIGHT NOW.
RIP UR TOILET
I don't think so, yet, because it's still airing in the US. You could download the episodes from amazon or itunes, if you want to spend money on it, or I'm sure there are streams of it somewhere
that was a comically long facewash lmao
He literally turtled
naw, we gucci
ugh pls can we just not
endlessly clench
would you like to hammer some more son?
HOLY SHIT 4BRG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_the_Lizard HE IS PART OF MY WORLD
THEY SAY NOTHING ABOUT THEM
shhhhh
I'm angry because watching them play like this is like WHY THE FUCK AREN'T YOU PLAYING LIKE THIS ALL THE FUCKING TIME YOU DICKS.
DEAR CROW, PLS FIX UR BRAIN AND GET BACK IN NET
definitely
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS INTENSE. GG, Preds.
&gt; (We're not young for the record, everyone here is 25-35) I feel personally attacked rn
Or because you wore your cute shorts and it's 50 degrees out at night. September in Chicago!
Now, now, there would still be the "My[19F] BF[32M] refuses to let me see my family and friends, and steals money and drugs from me. How to make this work!? I love him!" questions!
Plus it really reinforces how fucking quickly a fire can spread!
That *is* a fun fact!
Every monday I'll tell my coworkers "I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue". Never gets old.
The best I could come up with was L'Chaim my goyim. We're not generally known for our fun puns.
I was planning on making pasta after the game, but I'm in the mood to eat my feelings and might need to order food
tfw most of the reason I tuned in tonight was to see Sharpie in the preshow and double Jim for the anthem EDIT: WAIT THAT'S NOT JIM
OKAY try not to let them score in the first 60 seconds
I'm just glad someone got my reference, I thought for a minute it was gonna be one of those "you're too old for the internet" moments
we can all fucking hope
LOOK WE GOT A SOG
OH. CAPTAIN.
people from LA don't know how to be funny like Chicago people. That's why we have all the comedians.
why are you at starbucks?
Edzo talking about the last game Q coached :( :( :(
every time
I continue to be unable to remember that Kampf exists
PROTECT THE FACE AT ALL COSTS, HE'S ALL WE HAVE LEFT
10/10
WHAT
That's so cool!
Guys idk if I can do it
I believe in myself but not in this team
it's closer to 1.3 on average. I did one math part wrong but then another one wrong that almost evened out the first one.
we're all on the same team here - the team of get Kunitz out the game
spoke too soon
a losing team
apparently all of us
*sob*
Kunitz elbowed the shit out of his face and got a (totally deserved) game misconduct for it.
I feel this on a spiritual level
The endless question
rude
STROME! are we calling him something? now is the time!
STROME LIGHT
Manning doing something for once?
the best worst penalty
um you're a good neighbor, wanna move in next to me?
Okay I'm finally making my way back to the GDT! Last few weeks have been absolutely crazy - we just switched over to a new electronic medical record at work and I've been putting in *way* more energy than usual.
Worst Goddamn Network tonight, get ready for SJS vs HAWKS
WHAT IS HAPPENING
I don't recognize this feeing at all
insert ron paul it's happening gif here
Holy fuck WGN, you couldn't even do SJS vs Hawks? You went with SJ vs HAWKS. WHAT IS YOUR NAMING ALGORITHM.
if only it were that easy
the nhl wanted more scoring
you guys why do my neighbors insist on talking at full volume in the hallway where it'll echo a bunch and freak my dog out?
....who? Perlini? Sure, we'll take it!
nothing to take the wind out of our sails like a PP
Tonight we looney toon
crying af
I thought maybe I could watch a Hawks game without being enraged but I'm pretty sure I was wrong
nothing fun
Yeah I'm not currently equipped to deal with how this thread has turned, so... probably gonna peace out
It's warm enough that it's raining and not snowing, so....
American, where their motto is "if you don't like it, go fuck yourself"???
nope!
DON'T U RUN UR MOUTH ABOUT COACH QT
Guys I just remembered I'm not supposed to watch Dallas games anymore because I'm very bad luck. But I'm continuing to watch because I haven't been bad luck *yet* this game
🙋🏼‍♀️
all I can think about is how amazing it would be to take a vacation
🥶
oh you
SHOWTIME
wardoooooo
&gt;Arty is back and ready to ~~go~~ PARTY IT WAS RIGHT THERE.
holy shit wardo
I have Mancy and Diamond's info
holy shit that's a lot of blood
I would like to proclaim my annoyance that the best part of Christmastime (Oberweis Eggnog) is already gone off shelves, but the worst part of Christmastime (the rest of it) is still around.
weird flex, blackhawks, but ok
OH we got our Bicks Pitts calendar for 2019 the other day! It is, as always, delightful.
GOOD KITTY
it's like the opposite of thanks i hate it
SHOWTIME OMG I'M SO HAPPY UR PRODUCING BB
I feel like I remember him having some good moments last year, but I can't remember what or when they were.
TREE TIRTY TREE *edzo in the background*: heh heh heh I love them together so much
is....is this a SBEmail reference?
1. the consistency of pizza sauce is not anywhere near that of soup 2. a crust is in no way bowl shaped, as it is not concave.
don't be sad, be drunk!
GET IT OUT PLS
Until June, we're serious about everything
https://media.giphy.com/media/tTvhSiz7PwPBK/giphy.gif
what time zone are you in currently?
wait but you're not going to show us the replay of the actual penalty?
it was nice while it lasted
I member
I get so fucking comfy on my couch with my dog, pretty sure I might not ever move again
whaaattt is happeningggg
p sure that's the last thing that needs to be picked up
I'm the fun police, officialy
thought you said this was boring for a second, I was like um WHAT MORE DO U WANT
yeah we're trying
pretty sure it's just regular ejaculation
He references ghosts in several songs as well - in Vegas, Nightmares, Outlines, Thanks to You
If only for the gratuitous shower shots
well I'm never gonna be able to get this out of my head, thanks
For once I have a good response and nobody will see it. Sad. I sprained both my wrists in college getting out of the bunk bed of a dude I was hooking up with. I was hammered and fell as I was trying to get down after some D. Told everyone I slipped getting out of my bed because I knew that people would judge me if they knew where I really was.
By *far* the best resealable package is on my dogs dry food bag. And it's just a strip of velcro! Actually genius. Why they don't put it in human food packaging is completely beyond me.
&gt; and would 100% never admit suicidal ideation to a doctor this is key, but also so GD depressing
Pros: Rice won't burn you Cons: substantially less delicious than a BEC sammy
It's my hill to die on
Ughhh my mom was at OHare yesterday! I should have had her keep an eye out. Especially because she was in the international terminal! Hindsight.
&gt; Dear Maria IS better than Bad Enough For You well that's an awfully low bar you're setting there
I mean, TBS and NFG both had mainstream radio play, so that was a good factor of general popularity. People don't really listen to the radio anymore, so our metrics have shifted which I think makes it seem like bands these days aren't as popular. Also, this is beside the point, but TBS was on an episode of Degrassi. That was the ultimate teen popularity in 2007.
Definitive proof that tinfoil WORKS
Yeah it's considered a HUGE no no to be rude to converts because of their conversion status. At least, that's how it was always explained to me by my rabbi and family. Spiritually, it's generally believed that all Jews, even converts, were present at Mount Sinai when the covenant was signed. That makes converts just as Jewish as those who are born into the religion.
I've definitely learned I can't trust my V when it comes to men. The ones she immediately jumps at are always fuckboys.
Best: Probably seeing A Day to Remember at Riot Fest 2017. It was my first time seeing them and ADTR are part of that club of bands that sound pretty much identical live as they do on the albums (same with ATL which is why I always catch them when they're in town). Worst: I saw the Maine maybe 5 years ago as an opener for....Anberlin, maybe? At HOB Chicago. And I swear to God, the lead singer was trashed and lip synching the whole time. It was truly embarrassing for them. Side note: if anyone ever gets the chance to see or meet Tonight Alive, definitely go! Even if you're not really into them. Their performances are always great and honestly some of the nicest people I've ever met in my life. Super humble and appreciative of their fans. Took me from a casual fan to trying to catch them whenever they come to town.
I'm usually not crazy sensitive to scents but this had the *worst* scent I've ever encountered. Super sweet, super strong, super fake. It smells like coconut jelly bellies. Yuck.
If you want to talk about it, feel free to PM me. I put in a year and a half with the guy who abused me. I generally will call it emotional and mental torture, because it fucked me so hard in the head. 8 years later and I'm pretty much okay mentally, and so much stronger than I could ever have imagine being. Getting out was so hard. I was fully ready to kill myself, honestly. But I got out and I kept trucking and can fully say it was the best decision I ever made.
[YOU KNOW WHAT YOU DID](https://akns-images.eonline.com/eol_images/Entire_Site/201719/rs_500x280-170209164220-laurenconrad.gif?fit=inside|900:auto&amp;output-quality=90)
I've heard them do Dammit by Blink 182 a couple of times over the years. It never fails to make me chuckle to think of them learning Blink covers as 14 year olds in a garage in suburban Baltimore.
[Plus did she forget her own best line?](https://s17948.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/rhobh-fliarcamille.gif)
&gt;I'm still trying to figure out who you take to TomTom. your best friend that's obsessed w VPR?
Just like when they busted Lance Armstrong for doping - they had to give first place to (I think) the 7th or 8th place finisher, because everyone above them was doping also.
Yup, he threatened to leave and when she told him the truth he sat his ass there and *did not leave*. It was a manipulation tactic, plain and simple.
Uh, has my pibb been splitting nights between us? Always the head and the butthole first. Such a weirdo.
Those dang lymph nodes gotta stop rubbing people's legs!
I saw them at House of Blues Chicago maybe 6-7 years ago(?) opening for (I think) Mayday Parade. The lead singer was very obviously drunk or high on something, could barely stand, and was straight up lip synching through the entirety of their set. And doing it extremely badly/obviously. I was shocked to see it, turned me off the band entirely because of how little of a fuck they seemed to give that they were on stage performing for a packed venue.
I'll stop wearing jeans and band t shirts when you pry them from my cold, dead hands
Look, I'm not saying this is her schtick (okay, yes I am), but she has definitely said the words "I just wanna be seen" to a dude before.
my general rule is to never make out with a person who speaks about themselves in the third person. If they're *really* hot I would make an exception, but I have never met a person hot enough to make an exception for, so...
OT but this picture is definitely cementing Kaitlyn's transformation into Cassie in my mind. It took me a good 3 minutes until I realized it was K.
I thought she said "I've got to catch a flight"? Which makes a little more sense if she had to go film a package for DWTS, I guess? The show itself is shot in LA, but a couple of her packages showed her going home, iirc.
tell me why I'm hearing this in Snookis voice screaming "WHERE"S THE BEACH" that time she got arrested for being too wasted.
Ok but also if it's always the special, why don't they just put it on the damn menu??
Justin Bobby was reality TV gold. He did wtf he wanted and he said wtf he wanted and we all got to relish in it.
[this shirt](https://imgur.com/a/tp6TelP)! Originally purchased at the Believers Never Die tour in 2009, that I got signed by the boys at this winters’ It’s Still Nothing Personal tour. That shirt has been with me for a decade, been worn thousands of times, seen 5 different apartments, 4 dorm rooms, 2 boyfriends, and countless tears, laughs, and screams. AND it survived because it’s apparently made of Kevlar or something. I also have a couple of posters that I love, mainly [this Grinch poster](https://imgur.com/a/509lf0N) from their holiday show 2018. Mostly because I am the grinchiest Grinch that’s ever Grinched, so it fits lmao.
Riki Lindhome plays a girl in the Stars Hollow High class that Lorelai gave a presentation about business to - she asked about Lor getting pregnant at 16 - and also played Juliet in the Life and Death brigade at Yale (she doesn't eat!)
For the love of all that is unholy, do peters season! So many eggplant emojis 😂😂😂
One time, he met John Stamos on a plane, and he told him he was pretty
Bedbug in a human suit, obviously
Jax is stupid enough to genuinely believe all his lies, which makes them super convincing. That is why people keep falling for his bullshit, and what makes him so goddamn hilarious
I sometimes have to pluck just *one* of my dad's eyelashes. It just keeps growing and growing and doesn't fall out, so it ends up being a crazy long eyebrow type hair but in his lashline. Drives him bonkers so sometimes I'll bring tweezers with me to see him and pluck that sucker out. It really is one of the strangest things I've ever seen.
I basically moved in with my fiance after about a month. Luckily we're both stage 5 clingers, so it worked out okay.
&gt; Well! They were both very unpleasant characters big mood
Yeah this shit is hilarious and really reinforces to me that the best way to watch this show is to hate literally everyone on it so much that watching bad things happen to them is fun. I wish there was just one girl who I could relate to or who seemed normal, but I really couldn't care less about the "love story". It's never been a love story! Only one bachelor ever actually married their F1!
Whenever I have a hard time coming up with reasons to keep going, I like to start with the smallest possible thing that makes me feel...anything, really. Usually it’s my dog. If I wasn’t here I wouldn’t get any more dog cuddles. I know how hard it is to feel alone in this world. Even when I’m surrounded by people, it’s lonely as fuck. But watching my rescue pup grow into a happy, loving, incredibly smart dog gives me peace in knowing that I’m not alone when I’m with her. And knowing that I gave her a better life and a happy home to live in makes things feel less pointless. Because at least I know I’ve impacted her. Honestly, it could be anything. Drew a picture yesterday? Well, if you weren’t here still, that piece of art would never exist. Made a good plate of food? Same concept. Sat around and watched 15 hours of Netflix? You validated those creators, actors, producers, etc in creating that. When you have a hard time feeling anything other than despair (or even anything at all), try to stop the mental spiral. You don’t have to be happy, but if you can stop the spiral, you have achieved something incredibly hard. And that matters! And the good news is, the more you do it, the more it becomes habit, and it does get less difficult. My depression has been...crippling at times. I won’t tell you that it goes away, but it becomes manageable. The more I become self aware of those thought patterns, the easier it is to not let them control me. Edit: holy shit guys I just woke up and was blown away by everyone’s love and comments. Thank you guys so much, honestly. I know we all struggle with stuff, and it’s so good to know that we all can rely on each other a little bit more when we’re struggling.
The votes don’t really matter to me at the end of the day. I’m glad I could help a little, that’s what really matters. Making the connection and hopefully making someone feel like their load is a little lighter. Stay strong, friend. Keep pushing, even when it feels like nothing fucking matters anymore. You matter, your life matters.
If you ever need to reach out to someone, please do not hesitate to PM me. It is hard as fuck to keep going in this world, and I know it feels like 2 steps forward, 100 steps back a lot of the time. Just...be kind to yourself. Be as kind to yourself as you would be to your best friend if they came to you saying they felt like life wasn’t worth living anymore.
"and Mitchum told her she didn't *have it*" "He WhAaAaT?" I can always hear that "he what" in Lorelai's voice imitating Richard's voice
Also nobody that's ever been canceled has actually BEEN cancelled, except possibly Harvey Weinstein, who went to prison. All of the people who were supposedly cancelled are all just *fine* and most are planning comebacks.
p sure we're calling him Vanilla Jesus, not "original" anymore
&gt; “Were people doing coke in your bathroom?” Oh yeah, she came up with that. Sure. I mean, I wouldn't ever stick up for Rinna, but it also doesn't seem like *that* far of a reach, even for her. And in fact, they probably were doing coke in the bathroom, and the only reason she's mad is that they didn't invite her.
I'm sorry, what the fuck did she want you to do? Bring in the original copy of the Geneva conventions? What a moron.
&gt;TSS is super rare these days This is actually because of a TSS outbreak in the late 70s/early 80s. The materials used at that time were subsequently banned from being used in menstrual products, and overall absorbency of tampons was reduced. At the time of the outbreak, the absorbency of tampons was between 10.3-20.5 g, with 48% of women using tampons with an absorbency of 15.4g. In the years since, the FDA has imposed restrictions on absorbency, as well as mandated regulations on labeling of tampons to notify women of the risk of TSS. This is why there's an insert in every box of tampons explaining how to best use. [source](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00001651.htm#:~:text=In%20May%201980%2C%20investigators%20reported,multiple%20organ%20systems%20(2) in case anyone wants to read more.
sry let me just remove my eyeballs from the back of my head, they broke from rolling so fucking hard at "our king solves racism" 🙄🙄🙄
Who the fuck is doing this? Whoever it is, step the fuck back. You don't get to accept apologies to a group of people unless you belong to that group. Why do people always have to make it about themselves, like...yeah sometimes shit IS NOT about you and you should not make it about you.
There are two problems with this. The first is that doctors don't do the coding. There are specialized coders who code the visit based on the doctors notes and orders and bill the insurance. In large medical systems, the doctor may very well not have any clue who does the coding, nor what they cost. The second issue is that insurances have different contracted rates for certain things. So, for example, it a patient has BCBS PPO insurance, the doctors contract with the insurance may state that the insurance will pay out (let's say) $100 for a standard panel of CMP, CBC, and lipid panel. So the doctor orders these tests, the contracted rate is $100, patient has a 20% coinsurance, so the patient ends up paying $20. However, contracted rates are not all the same all the time, so if a different patient with Humana insurance gets that test, their insurance contracted rate might be $120, so the patient ends up paying $24. So while that blood panel might have an out of pocket cost (with no insurance) of $150, the contracted rates of insurance make that really impossible for anyone to know until the coding goes out to billing. It's purposefully obtuse to make the insurance companies seem necessary to sort through all the confusion. ETA: I work in the medical field adjacent to claims, I have seen these billing issues firsthand. Also, don't even get me started on what happens when your blood is drawn in office and sent out of network by the doctor.
This is true with the giant caveat that what's coded must match the doctors notes on audit. I'm sure there are tons of people and systems getting away with doing this, but for many systems they're not willing to risk audit to upcode.
nobody tell him his sign's backwards 🤫gotta say though, mad respect and love to him for going out and standing up for what's right. Not everyone can go to the protests, obviously, but he has such a huge platform that can be leveraged here.
100% agree with this. Him freaking out about being a father to Luke, and his admission that he sees Luke as a kind of father figure - that whole scene is really heartwarming to me. I think everyone can relate to the anxiety that comes before major life changes, and the fear of failing at being a parent is something a lot of people go through. And he really does everything he can to make Lanes pregnancy as easy and comfortable as possible, including taking over her job at Lukes when she can't work. He was not the most mature guy at first, but he grew into a loving partner and dad who tries his best for his family. Not sure why people hate on that.
ngl every guy I've ever met named Garrett has been an uberdouche, so I'm gonna say it's a cursed name in general
I'm so fired up and ready to argue about these 2 year old memes, ugh I forgot how terrible these were. I especially like the one where they imply that sending people INTO WAR where they will probably be KILLED is preferable to letting them have a "safe space". Not to fucking mention that most of the 18 year olds that actually make it back from wars often have horrible PTSD and no access to help because the VA is so overloaded. SO READY TO ARGUE.
I can truly just see him seething at being told something should be written differently and going "IF I'M SO WRONG I'M JUST NOT GONNA WRITE ANYTHING" like a fucking 5 year old. Not saying that's what happened, but it wouldn't surprise me.
&gt; Also, no one who is saying “all lives matter” gets it or understands pretty sure they do get it and understand, they just want to be racist without any repercussions.
She should start sending venmo requests to all the people she has to school for "private tutoring" 🙃
watching him lay on the ground, not moving, blood pooling up behind his head...I thought he was dead. It scared the absolute shit out of me, and I haven't been able to shake that feeling since I saw it.
&gt; this isn’t about law enforcements feelings right now basically this. I don't feel bad for the "good cops" at all, they made their choice to be part of this racist ass system. This is a consequence of their choice to be complicit in the system as a whole. That's not to say I want bad things to happen to allegedly good people, but that I just don't need to hear about their feelings right now when people are being murdered by their colleagues.
none of the above answers are good for Becca, honestly.
yeah this is some white people shit if I've ever heard it. We (white people) have the privilege of not having to discuss this shit if we don't want to. Do you think black women ever get to not discuss if their partner is racist? Or indigenous women ever get to not discuss if the trail of tears was unjust? Come on, ffs.
Yup, I told my fiancé long before we got engaged that if he asked my dad before asking me that I would say no. People think that’s harsh, but honestly I don’t want to marry a man who thinks that my dad has any say over what I do as a grown woman.
I fucking love them so much. I got engaged at their reunion show in Chicago last year, and the band could not have been more incredible, invited us up on stage to get engaged and then played Inevitable, let us stay side stage for the rest of the show, just absolutely A+ human beings. I cannot wait for their new music!
Well, ideally this will come after a conversation in which you lay out that it’s completely inappropriate for you to make every decision, and that “I don’t care” is not an acceptable answer. This conversation will be difficult, and you’ll have to push back a lot, because right now he has it nice and easy and doesn’t want to change that. You’ll have to be harsh with him and let him know this is affecting you deeply because of his inaction, and if something doesn’t change you’ll need to re-evaluate your relationship. If that’s not a wake up call to him, couples counseling may be good to have an outside third party explain that one person doing all the emotional labor of making choices every time is not healthy, and give tools to help him be more proactive in decision making.
&gt;Was she a good person? Why was she abusive, narcissistic just with me and treated everyone else better Abusers are very charming and manipulative in public, and very mean and vicious in private. She may not be close enough to any of those people to gain the power abusers seek, so they don't see that side of her. *She is not a good person.* The reason she was abusive and narcissistic with you is because that is how she sought to have power and control over you. Please know that it has *absolutely nothing* to do with your character or your actions.
not exactly true - I have lived in that area for a couple of years, and it's fairly up and coming. I never feel unsafe living here, and many of my neighbors are college students and younger families with kids.
wow your guy looks so much like [my girl!](https://imgur.com/a/5vFLBYn) We think she's a lab/pit mix as well, but she was a rescue so we're not completely sure. I was thinking about getting one of the DNA tests for her but we haven't taken the plunge yet.
I really hate that I'm defending Jordan right now, but he has privately apologized to Nia and publicly apologized for those actions. What he did was really fucked up, but he seems to have made amends and worked towards being a better person since then. I'm not saying everyone needs to forgive him just because Nia did, just giving extra context to the situation.
It also makes cooking it all much less stressful. If you're not trying to chop and sauté and whatever else at the same time, that's when you get stressed, things start to overcook or pan gets too hot...it's a lot to deal with, all that can be solved by doing prep work before the actual cooking starts.
Yeah dude people say this shit like it's so preposterous. "Well what do you expect MTV to do, *not* hire racists?!" Yeah. Literally exactly.
true love is putting those damn kids back where they belong
Coincidentally the best Chris
wherefore art thou Hi I'm Teddi
We certainly do not deserve Mike, I will never not be mad that the dipshits at ABC refused to make him bach and instead all we got was this lousy ~~t-shirt~~ season with PP.
Yeah I find it to be a bit disingenuous to brush off The Casting Couch as "the good guys". The producers may not be literally forcing girls to do porn, which btw is a pretty low bar for being a good guy, but they are reinforcing the idea that this is just part of being a model/actress/whatever. And it's reveling in how "hot" it is that producers can just "get" girls, but what that really is in real life is rape and sexual assault. Watch whatever porn makes you happy (as long as people aren't harmed in the making, obviously, and it's all legal), but don't sweep the literal source material being horrible under the rug.
I really felt a weird disdain towards home cooking in his whole post, not sure if that's coming from his annoyance at her snapping at him, or if it runs deeper, but I would hedge a bet that she is picking up on this as well. Both of his posts came across to me as "not sure why she needs to do this stupid hobby, we can just order take out". Except cooking isn't just a hobby, it's necessary for life, and it has many benefits ranging from financial to health-related like you mentioned.
All I could think while they were doing it was that I wanted to see a track by track for LYR. I loved seeing all the instrumentation and I think it would be super interesting to see for LYR especially.
It's where he gets all his strength from
Pancakes are essentially a maple syrup to mouth delivery system. Same with chips and salsa or toast and jam.
Wil Willis! Sometimes they do a test where he shoots a gun at a sword to see how it holds up to a bullet hitting it, he really shines then 😂
I agree about this album! I really really love it, it's totally a different little capsule album in their discography, but there is not a single song on the album that I skip every time. And it's super cohesive as an album from start to finish! So just know you have one person standing with you in loving this album a ton!
&gt;Voted for Afterglow btw ugh how does your wrong opinion feel (kidding but also not, that song is beautiful)
welcome to the better team!
&gt; can the US get one next? PLZ I just need something to replace concerts I miss shows so much
You're not overreacting. That was a disgusting thing to say to a survivor of abuse. And even worse, he knew it was a disgusting thing to say and said it anyway because he knew it would hurt you. Using previous abuse to win an argument is so far over the line, I'm not sure I would be able to continue this relationship. PLUS the fact that he "can't control himself" in the heat of the moment is code for "I can say or do whatever I want in an argument and you're not allowed to feel bad about it". If he can't control himself in an argument about tidiness, he needs serious counseling. HOWEVER! I suspect that he is able to control himself in every other argument he's ever gotten into with people other than yourself. Does he go for personal low blows during conflict with his boss? Or with any of his friends? If not, clearly he does know how to control himself. He just wanted to hurt you to win the argument. You are completely within your rights to be upset and angry over that comment, and I would be on the lookout for other signs of emotional abuse from him.
My dog kept reverse sneezing this morning! She gets pretty bad allergies in the summer so I'm gonna have to go back to 2 times a day benadryl instead of just with breakfast. She's a goob.
Completely agree, it's 100% unfair. It sucks so much and I wish it weren't the case, because honestly people should be able to just live their damn lives however they please without worrying about this type of stuff. I feel for Matt, he's under so much pressure, and it must be really hard to hear people speculate about his preferences and choices before he's even made them.
This is everything I wanted in a video! Your accent is lovely btw. So happy for you that you got to do this with them, what a cool way for them to connect with fans.
The conspiracy theorist in me is thinking that this is the reason they announced him now. If they hype dies down and the number of people watching goes down, they can say "well we don't have black bachelors because they don't bring in viewership like white bachelors. Nothing to do with race, it's just about the *numbers*". This feels like a calculated decision to make it so by the time Matt's season is on we're all just sick of hearing about it.
Well, there are *some* older people dressed in their studs and patched vests. A lot of them bring their kids! It's a good scene.
Hey this is way OT, but have you looked into TBI support groups? I'm not sure where you're located or if there are any big hospital systems near you, but hospital social workers usually have a pretty good idea of medical support groups available in the area. I know how terrible it is to feel like you can't talk to anyone and that people don't really get it unless they've been through it, which is why support groups can be so so helpful.
&gt; Just because someone makes a mistake one moment doesn’t mean I can’t feel empathy for them when they are suffering. I really appreciate your commitment to empathy in this thread. I think a lot of people get caught up in disliking cast members that they don't really stop to think about the person behind the cast member and really try to feel what they feel. Watching the argument in Cabo was pretty bad, but feeling what Katie was feeling in that moment is just gut wrenching. Anyway, I just wanted to say that it's a special trait to be so dedicated to empathy.
I have a serious thing for guys in glasses. Regular 🍌? No thanks, looks like an uberdouche. 🍌+🤓? Yeah, I’d hit it, but he’d have to keep the glasses on.
I was gonna go with “Dead! Dead! You’ll always be dead to me!” (Beartooth)
This made my night, thanks
&gt; But as soon as I mentioned that All Time Low is my favourite band they blocked me 😕 LOL what a loser. Trust, you will find a guy who does not hate your favorite band, and who will love them because they love you. My fiance started out not liking them (reminded him of his ex), but he goes to every one of their concerts with me because I love them and he loves me. You are a super dope person and anyone who doesn't want to hang out with you is dumb, and it's their loss.
That is my headcanon. Also that he sends the rest of the boys reddit threads and their answer is always "we don't know how to use this pls stop"
laughing too hard picturing their group chat send help
I understand where you're coming from, I just kind of don't understand why someone would put so much effort into justifying a statue of a dude who beat the shit out of 3 wives and was possibly a nazi sympathizer? You can't separate the legacy from the man behind it, IMO. The legacy is of a shitty person who used being a major sports figure to get away with horrible abuses of his family. You also can't take a statue of a sports figure out of the collective sports worship that we exist within. You, personally, may be able to separate the man from the statue, so to speak, but we live in a society that equates being a great sports figure with being a great person. We *love* sports dudes in this country, and believe wholeheartedly that they are great people because they're great at sports. The statue does nothing to make people understand that it's meant to be a legacy of his hockey, just that it's meant to be a legacy. People can draw their own conclusions, but in the social constructs that we live within, the majority of people are going to walk away from that statue thinking Bobby Hull was a great man, and that is wrong.
My fiance and I are having our reception at a small local museum, and this EXACT thing is what got me so excited about it! The decor alone is totally beautiful, but we'll have total access to all permanent and rotating exhibits during the reception, so if anyone wants to get away for a second they have some cool stuff to look at.
2 questions for that guy: Were you expecting Bush to be so limber? What article of clothing would you throw at the current president? 10,000 words on my desk by Friday, thanks.
I want it just because it's pretty! Also the fiance is requesting a sparkling rose. I told him I don't have that power, but he seems to think very highly of my ability to make this happen.
idk maybe he's just a big fan of the [Nick Young meme](https://media.tenor.com/images/591d959261c492366416c42a3b4f6b7c/tenor.gif)
Yeah actually I'm not really sure why they don't just go by AKC breed groups? Mountain Dog is not a group. It's (kind of) a breed of dog in the working group, as are Newfoundlands, it's just all real bizarre.
Imagining Seabs as Futurama style Nixon on Benders body 😂
"forgot"..."is terrified by"... tomato to-mah-toe
ngl, I dig his posts, which I take to mean that they're legit terrible because I have trash taste
I'm now having vivid memories of yelling "LET'S SHUT THE FUCK UP" every time she said this
Also missing a poppyseed bun, but it's forgivable because they're nearly impossible to find outside of the Chicagoland area
or just pour the whole container all over your plate to really recreate the chicago dawg experience 😂
ok but horse pics? you can't just mention horses and *not* post a pic.
guys they showed my comment I'm freaking out lol
she wouldn't leave my side! also she probably would have just derped out and gotten lost 😂
the hero we need
He sure did, [1994 Crime Bill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violent_Crime_Control_and_Law_Enforcement_Act)
