Nerd?
***CUNT*** Edit: I got my wife pajamas for Christmas because of fucking hilarious that bit was in his show.
Yup that gave me a chill
Yup, quickest 10 second sex scene you'll ever see!
"Silky Mitts" that was great
Yeah this goal is amazing. But Sinclair's was definitely better.
He must've worked on it during the off-season because that was my biggest concern the past couple seasons.
Vasi missed 14 games came back and made almost 50 saves, I'm sure you haven't forgotten. Save % wise that definitely plays a factor as well. Also I'd argue the West doesn't have the firing squads the east have right now. Edit: just went to look at the league leaders. Gibson has a .002% better and a .01 gaa better. You're really going to try and make that argument about statistics when they're that close?
He should've had that fifth goal. The third and fourth I'd say we're just difficult shots he had little chance on, and then g's goal...
&gt;art ross race And it's not even *January*
Either would be fantastic. My memory is terrible lol
This and the stammer "that's fucking bull shit" should be our response anyone a call goes against us.
He had a great game all around. Had lots of good looks, used his body to impose his will, and made great passes.
Honestly the entire third wasn't bad. The first 5 minutes they got two gritty well played goals. Their third, Vasi should've had, but it happens. The second half of the third we were back to banging and pressuring, but just couldn't close it out
The only one I really put on Vasi is #5. One on one he should have that every time. Are you talking about the Gireaux goal in regards to McD? There's no one in this league who was stopping him with those slick hands. Otherwise great points.
I'm with you. He's throwing punches from his back, of course Patrick is going to respond.
Welp that did it. Need to go change my pants.
My ribs are hurting just thinking about it.
Really? A skate kick to a stick tap and a 100% screen he never saw he should have? The 5th goal I agree he should've stopped but the other two were extremely difficult saves.
I still don't get why fans shit on killer. He's a consistent player for us rarely giving up stupid plays compared to others.
You guys do realize it's only for half the games in a season they get the tax free benefit, right? Any time they play in a state or province ~~providence~~ (that's what they are in Canada, right?) that has taxes, the get taxed on that money. Does it make a difference overall? Sure. But I really doubt it's a huge deciding factor.
And he barely beat point last year in the fastest skater. Hopefully point gets there and can beat him this time.
They don't. You hear about these stories and they're almost always inaccurate. Best example is the McDonald's coffee story.
It's also considered rude to bite things and pull them apart like that. Edit: https://japantoday.com/category/features/food/10-little-known-rules-for-eating-japanese-food It's rude to bite your food in half, this includes noodles.
There is no necessarily "proper" way to eat it. However, some things to avoid is generally drinking the broth, biting pieces in half, and trying to shove too much in to your mouth at once. Each item can be eaten individually as they all will hold the flavor. Slurping your noodles to help cool them off isn't a big deal either. As I said above, avoid biting your noodles to cut them, if you can. It's really hard to do with udon since the noodles are so thick and long. Edit: added the ramen I'm currently eating in Tokyo. https://imgur.com/fwZHV8L.jpg Edit: drinking it straight from the bowl, I meant.
Which is silly because these types of bowls are absolutely not what ramen is normally served in. Kind of odd. Edit: Added photo of the ramen in front of me in Tokyo at the moment. https://imgur.com/N9kjVSq.jpg
How did they not grab r/amen
https://japantoday.com/category/features/food/10-little-known-rules-for-eating-japanese-food
Yeah, that's not what the article says. The article says Trump copies fox and friends, not the other way around.
Everything about this place is better than the United States. End of story.
You can tear it apart using your chopsticks, or just eat it in one bite
In Japan it isn't rude at all, actually. The culture of Japan is one of harmony, called the "Wa". As someone else replied, rather rudely, in general if you're not Japanese, they generally will forgive your faux pas, but it is nice to still know and try to follow customs in a foreign nation.
Yes, thank you. I did mean straight from the bowl. If given a spoon you should use it, but things like miso soup in a small bowl without a spoon you can drink right out of the bowl
There's a ramen shop in the Tokyo station. (There's quite a few) but one is world renowned, I'll see if I can find the name. However, you can to nearly any ramen shop and get quality ramen. If you go to Kamakura, however, I can definitely give you the best ramen shop I've ever been to. Edit: Rokuinsha in tokyo station
Must do in Tokyo: Harujuku crepes there is a crepe stand across from the monster Cafe (also fun) in harujuku. This is the area that's very popular for cosplay and street performers. There's also a hedgehog cafe near the station that's absolutely adorable. Have some coffee while you pet and feed hedgehogs. Senso-ji shrine. Get off at Asakusa station and the temple is literally right outside. There's a huge market and the temple is great. It's right near sky tree, which is awesome and rather inexpensive to get all the way to the top. Emperor's gardens. They'll be really busy New year's day, but they are wonderful, even in winter. Night life in Shinjuku and Shibuya is great, but *really* expensive. Avoid Rippongi, in my opinion, because they will try to scam you out of 20,000¥ (roughly $200 USD) for one drink. Odaiba is a great place to go. They have lots of cool shops there including the Gundam store. If you have an intentional drivers license, in shinigawa there's a place called Mari-car. This is my favorite thing I think I've ever done in Tokyo. For less than 10,000¥ you get to drive around Tokyo in a costume off your favorite DBZ, Mario, superhero, or others for 2-3 hours in a fucking go kart that goes 60-70 km/hr. You are literally driving on the streets of Tokyo in the car. It's such a thrill, especially going over the rainbow bridge at max speed. Edit: thanks for the gold!
I saw some Jesus stuff after linking it, but it appears to have been taken over by ramen and atheist enthusiasts lol
I don't know, I learned about it when I first got here.
Asian or Japanese? Because from all my discussions with Japanese co-workers and experience here in Japan, drinking from the bowl while out is considered rude if you've been provided a spoon for the broth.
You mean the mostly least concerned species they are hunting for tradition and the fact that it's delicious? Got it.
No. If you're not Japanese and in Japan it isn't that big of a deal.
Especially since McD is one of the top defenders this season and being talked about for a possible Norris candidate.
Why the shit do a bunch of Filipinos I know and work with love this guy on the US military?
Trading someone you just locked down for 5 years is a quick way to get people to question your GM. We've been such a success because players trust our front office to take care of them. Also, if you even question Callahan's leadership contributions then you haven't watched this team very long. He is a consistent A
Great glass seats. I'd hate to be in a corner or on a side
Seemed just fine to me
Maybe if you're counting on the browns winning on order to get into the playoffs, you aren't that good?
Hey man, as you can see with my flair, I don't have much room to talk. But you know as well as I do that both our franchises are built specifically to let the world down
Fuck you and fuck that. (Only slighlty /s) Carolina BBQ is the best. That tangy flavor is so much better than the sweet sauces you douse everything with in Texas.
Tampa? Because who needs any sort of rivalry, just give us two random South teams to piss off Canadians
Wait... Isn't... What about.... You know what, nevermind.
That would... Actually be kind of cool
So the refs would continue to be a joke? I see no downside here
Arizona outdoor game confirmed 2021
Fair, but the sharp taste of Carolina sauce is much more preferable to me over the think molasses of Texas and St Louis
You mean you don't enjoy being the South leafs?
JBB was the numbers guy for Stevie.
I just hope he taught BB everything he knows and don't betray us by going to Detroit
But I love Cappys and fuck marchand
The gall of this guy apologizing and accepting he was wrong.
He got him on the thighs on the duck though, so it's not clipping or a low bridge.
Off topic, what part of Japan? I can't find any good places to get back on the ice near Yokosuka.
The whistle is literally blown right after ovi goes head over heels.
It would've been boarding most likely and Hartman countered with a perfectly legal hip check. Don't be a whiny bitch
Sportsnet explained it right away. The blues brought the puck in the zone. No offside.
I mean, it's the right call though?
It's the right call though?
It wasn't though because the blues brought it in
This is why I love being international and having NHL tv that lets me choose which to watch.
So here's a question for the room: Checking from behind. In many leagues, this can be addressed as a minor penalty, but in the NHL it's only a major or above. I'm not sure when that changed because I remember there being a minor for it at least a few years ago (I think). Why is this not a minor penalty in the NHL due to the emphasis on safety lately (especially suspensions based on injury) and should there be a minor option for it? Seeing the Chara hit on Tarasenko made me think of it. http://www.hockeycentral.co.uk/nhlrules/Rules-43.php
Right? Apparently it's Bobby Orr night?
Hey you got swept too, as a reminder!
I'm not asking *because* of that hit. It just made me realize that I never see it called as a minor penalty.
He's required to by ethics laws.
He's required to pay by ethics laws prohibiting the president (and others) from receiving free things from a private organization. Even one he or she owns.
That's exactly what happened to Tyler Johnson in 2015 or 16. He was wreaking havoc in the postseason, then he got a slash to his glove and it broke his wrist.
Iirc it was vs the Avs.
That Maui looks like a bitch. Bet Gaston could wreck him.
God damn it. I thought this was over! I thought we'd forgotten it by now! ...brb going to cry hugging my Stamkos pillow
Definitely the right call to suspend him. I don't think it was intentional, but it was definitely avoidable.
I have Rubio and Voldemort, I mean Rick Scott... Trust me I feel you
I was in 112 row T. It was one of the best days of my life
But it wasn't.
It was definitely in the air, not rolling on the ice lol.
Well yeah, we had just beaten you in seven to get there in a dirty nasty series.
I don't know. Scott oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nation's history.
Holy fuck Brett Hull hit the pregame a little hard.
I mean both teams did in fact arrive on the ice today.
Fuck
What raid?
It didn't go unnoticed, it was a follow-thru. Not high sticking.
You mean on the follow through, which is clearly NOT a penalty? Oh okay.
Lol no it isn't. You obviously don't know the rules if you think so
Might want to educate your fan base who think it was a penalty
No. I'm referring to the bitching about the no call on a follow through.
We tried... Sorry.
Just another shitty Calgary fan...
Krug earned that hit. Fucking little bitch
FUCK YOU MARCHAND
But you bitched about it not being one last game, so you agree it should be a penalty in this game, right?
Except basically everyone agreed the Bozak shit would've been a penalty. Instead Boston fans will sit here and cry playing victim when their garbage douche of a player does it.
I'm saying that everyone agrees Bozaks should've been called, but bruins fans will cry now because marchand the dbag got called for it
Chara throwing punches with his fishbowl on.
Not sure who said it shouldn't be
He got a little pop and turned around crying to the refs
I don't understand why people still let marchand dance around with the puck while he drives towards the post. Just fucking hit him.
I'd love to see someone fucking rock him with a strong uppercut. He's been throwing dirty little punches in every scrum with that fishbowl on. One big pop from a big blues player and he's going down.
All this I know. I just don't understand how people haven't figured him out.
C
It's not even noon though...I don't know if a beer is acceptable
SUB-FUCKING-SCRIBE
Different fish bowl, gives him better vision down.
You're overestimating the blues power play
Jesus... Game 7 here we go...
Bardownski
You guys lost 7-2 and then came out and won a big game. I think you guys will be fine.
I feel like the blues weren't hitting as much or as hard as last game.
Game 6 Stanley cup finals. It was.. In?
If the war room catches it while play is still going they'll blow the horn and stop play usually pretty quick
They didn't. Came from Toronto
I think Rask gets it won or lose. His numbers are unreal
Well see, the difference is this one was in. That one wasn't.
Chara has been throwing cheap shot punches all game because he know he's got the bowl
I don't disagree with you there, but one good shot that rocks his jaw at all and he's fucking done.
Also Bozak was in the process of stopping and turning and didn't stick his leg out to ensure the hit. Should've still been a penalty, but it wasn't dirty like this sack of shit hit
Thank you. I fucking hate the Twitter posts here.
And this is why we get videos of fucktahds fighting on the third level. Because you run your dumb fucking mouths no matter what.
It actually goes directly with the definition of the rule book. Not sure what they're teaching up in Detroit for reading comprehension, but it's not actual reading comprehension.
It should've been a match penalty resulting in a suspension.
The bruins are the definition of goons...
This just in: it's possible to dislike both!!
Because he runs like a little bitch and hides behind his fishbowl wearing guardian.
No he didn't. He was turning, in a turn you lean, in the lean it looks like your leg is out, but he was reaching for the puck and never moved his leg out further. This was the rat intentionally trying to injure someone. It should've been a match and it should be a one game suspension.
&gt;persecution Prosecution.
ITT: great ideas for me to use when my kids are a little older and my wife is at her wit's end.
With your gold and black tinted glasses of course that's what you saw. I'm not denying it was a trip. It should've been called a penalty. But Marchand didn't just trip him. He hit him knee to knee which resulted in a slewfoot.
If you look at the side view you can see Marchand gets the side of his knee.
My first thought too
Palat is mostly due to injury. Not tyjo though he's consistent enough. Hot Pocket?
It's been almost 12 hours and it's just now being removed for r1? How does it violate r1?
It pleases me that it's not just Tampa flairs saying this.
Look, I think Trump is hot garbage and a total piece of shit, but he isn't going to keep the presidency if he loses the election. He'll leave the office on January 20 2021 peacefully because he knows it would be worse not to. Stop worrying about things that won't happen and focus on making things happen that need to, like him and any other Republican losing.
Ah balls wrong comment to reply to. Meant to reply to the guy you replied to.
I loved it. Get the fuck up.
WOOOOOOOOOO FUCK YOU MARCHAND
Perfectly balanced
See: game 1 of this series. See: game 1 of the playoffs (not Boston, but still...).
I'm not even a blues fan and I'm yelling at the tv like it's a dog who shit in my sock drawer
Exactly he wants the bruins it a Canadian team not Montreal to win it, always.
Holy fuck that youth team. Stammer JT del zotto and Peter Angelo!?
Love the sound of the stick bouncing bouncing in the net.
"tripped over the blue line" 😂😂
Yeah, remind me what youth team Laine trouba and bfygughfhdlin were in that have a bunch of cup winners?
If the blues win and he gets the game winner? Yeah. If he doesn't get the game winner? I think Rask still wins it
Holy fucking shit
The blues forecheck is unreal. They are relentless.
Just happened to be the wrong team
Yeah Chara saved it from being a 3-0 game
How about fuck you. No.
I just want someone to fucking wreck marchand. Open ice, on the board, after the whistle. I don't care. Just fucking wreck his day. Edit: not calling for him to be injured. Just a good hard hit.
20 👏 more 👏 minutes 👏
ROR or Rask. Even if Boston loses, I could see him getting it.
It's only 11AM so I'm going to have coffee instead of booze... But fuck I want booze.
Berube is in the locker room telling them to keep the pressure on. Do not relax in the slightest.
Because I have to go to the grocery store and I'm not driving in Japan (.03 is a DUI) with my daughter in the car from base to base.
Jon Cooper?
Is he in Boston? I know they sent a plane to bring him there.
Let me guess, yotes? I think you'll be there in a season or two.
Yeah he's a fucking idiot.
Well if he joins you in your balloon he can!
Oh Keenan
Yup Japan
Yup
My man.
What Brady news? IS HE RETIRING!? TELL ME HE'S FUCKING RETIRING!!!
Lmfao wooooow
Yeah but when you saw it you said wooow chuckled and then decided it was bad taste. I, continued to laugh.
Did they just put up that Bennington was the first rookie goalie to winb16 games in the playoffs?
I did. I was like what the fuck!?
What a pass to Tarasenko can't believe he couldn't pull the trigger
I know, but they put it up as if it already happened.
I love how Dwyer just said skate the fuck away
And in that 1 shift ROR earned the Conn Smythe
BINNING-NO!!
YEEEEEESSSSS EAT SHIT BRUINS
A team in blue is going to win the cup! I'm okay with this
More like 29. Most Chicago flairs I'm seeing are pulling for Boston
Behind vasi or kuch? I'm not sure either.
One more commerical
Now it's just abuse. And I'm okay with it.
I think it's ROR for the MVP. Rask letting in 4 tonight shot his chances.
Maybe I'm alone, but even if we lose, I'm not leaving a game 7. I'm watching the cup presentation. It's amazing to watch.
THAT'S RIGHT MARCHAND CRY YOU LITTLE RAT FUCK. HAHAHAHAHA
Right?
And it resulted in the same amount of cups this year as the bruins didn't it?
ROR dropping fbombs 😂😂
Congrats man. I remember being at game 7 in 04. It was unbelievable. Really happy for the blues and their fans!
You mean Bill Buckner, right?
In game 6 the other day? You're right it was! In 2004? Nope.
Fuck you and your GM! ^^^steviecomeback
This is also how you get banned from this sub.
Do not ignore Hillsborough. Almost without fail whichever way that county goes so does the president.
Do we know who that was? I offered gold, but no one is claiming victory.
Me thinks it's time for Chara to retire as well. Then no one will be around to protect the rat
Yeah I imagine Tampa is watching this all around.
It's making it's way through the courts. Hopefully the Supreme Court isn't as corrupt.
I don't know. Berube is a pretty solid goalie that can be a great back up if needed.
You must've missed the part where they made an agreement to turn over certain things and he was cleared by an IG.
I enjoyed it and got a fun chuckle out of it
Just because they are partisan doesn't mean they're corrupt. Since Kennedy retired Roberts has become the swing vote on a lot of decisions. We'll see what happens.
No booze in Japan? You must not know this country. These guys here are doing professionals when it comes to partying, getting business done, and being on time looking sharp the next day.
Watched TMNT (the 90s version) movies last night and now I want Tampa to draft him so we can have both and they can be the Foote clan.
How dare you.
Tampa fan checking in: fuck marchand. Cry bitch cry!
There's a saying my Japanese coworker told me: "most business in Japan is conducted after hours with a drink in hand."
My first thought was the salute puns
So, when can we expect your next captain to come our way?
Hmm let me look into Strome a bit.
Battlevow: I like this one. Seems kind of like Hunter's Mark but it isn't transferable. I like that. Endure: I think this one is kind of OP. At worst, you get it once a day, at best, you get it multiple times every fight. Focus: I like the concept, but I have an issue with the d6, which I will address at the end. Precision: Super advantage! Not a fan of the concept. I like this concept of being able to use the rune to give yourself regular advantage any time you wouldn't have it. This is one that I am onboard with the current d6 set-up. Punishment: Super crit? Meh. What about when you have a 2d6 weapon, are you now rolling 6d6 for your crit? Or 5d6. Stacked with a half-orc you are now rolling 6d6 or 7d6. Which is kind of absurd. Why is this one 1-2 as opposed to 1-4? I think it should be 1-4. Smite: Not bad, but I think it should specify that it can't stack with other melee attack spells (other smites, green flame blade, etc) Swiftstrike: Resolve (we'll ignore the fact that this isn't in alphabetical order which is kind of driving me nuts): Remove the "fail" trigger and just give it advantage off the bat. Retribution: Umm...sure? Not a fan of this one as it is too specific followed by too strong. Vanish: Free gnome racial feat with a free move included? Too strong and not a fan. Vorpal: This should at least be legendary. Vorpal blade is an extremely powerful magic item and you are cheapening it here. Not a fan. Ward: Probably the only one I am mostly onboard with. This is a good rune and I like it. Make it 1-4 though. Wound: Bleed effect? I'm okay with this. I think D&amp;D would be benefited by adding some of these types of things. My overall complaint: Your "recharge" mechanic. For some of these, having a recharge where you lose it for the day is no big deal (ward, resolve [with changes], and precision). However, some, such as endure, smite, and focus this becomes extremely overpowered and can ruin games and should perhaps be a 1-5 to be able to retain the rune or to lose it permanently. Further, how do people get these runes? Will they be attached to a class? Is it just a merchant they can go to? Is it the same cost as a magical item of that rarity? If so, then I would absolutely up the level of rarity for every single one. I love the concept and sometime back I had adjusted the Runemaster class on D&amp;D Wiki (it was stupid broken and I fixed it, it has since been made OP again). I love dwarfs and all of their lore and feel D&amp;D is sorely missing out on this type of stuff. The issue I see with a lot of rune designers is the same issue I see with tattoo designers in D&amp;D. Power creep and infringing on other class abilities. Others like vorpal and vanish are absolute no-gos at my table.
Runepreists are fantasy originally and then they fucked em up and made em shit in 40k.
I still hold a grudge with WH for having no dwarfs in 40k and for AOS. The grudge can only be satisfied with 1,000 thaggoraki heads and 10 chests of gold!
Really? I mean he won the trophy that absolutely matters. Granted, I agree he probably should've won, but it's not that big of a deal is it?
No. Fucking. Way.
I mean Dougie made some pretty significant signings in the offseason...
No, most of them are actually pretty decent if you have a good sense of humor.
Oooooh I missed that.
Yup. You can call me Mr. Whoosh
No it isn't! You're a joke!
Hold the fuck on. Bergeron didn't win!?
I thought there was no way he didn't win it again. They might as well rename the award after him
Probably still hammered
That's the general vibe I get from this thread.
I don't know. I realize my flair, but a 62 win season is pretty significant. Berube, at the time of voting squeezed into a WC slot from last place. Incredible? Absolutely. As impressive as an entire season of sheer dominance? I don't know.
Remind me how many cups you got this year?
So two series out of the almost dozen he's been in?
Gibson? Lol...
I'm hoping he stays around as part of the organization. He's been such a wonderful presence both on and off the ice and, like you said, without him there will be a huge hole in the locker room.
I keep scrolling back to this comment because it keeps making me chuckle uncontrollably. My wife thinks I've lost it.
Anyone got a stream that isn't NBC log in only?
Detroit fans: learn to trust the yzerplan. Fans look upset, but they don't know. Oh they don't know.
Wait a second, when did Q get hired by Florida?
Huh. I don't like it.
Playing against him
The US development program has to be feeling out of this world right now. That's what, the 6th pick from their program?
That's insane. Almost 50% of the first round has been their locker room
No
Didn't the yotes end up higher than you this year too? They seem poised to make the postseason before you guys.
Stralman and girardi are both unsigned UFA as well.
Who's your goalie that you guys have so much confidence in?
Nice that's a good thing. The one thing Tampa has done exceptionally well the past 5-6 years is develop goalies.
I'd rather bring back Boyle
Nah fuck the Caps. Or red wings since it was a wings flair that encouraged us out in 4...
It's the best selection for your yard beer. If you want to get an inexpensive beer that everyone will enjoy, you can go with the bitter water flavor of bud/miller/coors, or you can go with a well flavored lager in yuengling. Now, however, I won't be able to taste it without the stench of douchebag...
When I look at the cost of a brooklyn lager 6-pack and a 24-pack yuengling, that's a pretty significant reason.
I have a pair of WCG. They are amazing. I got them in the recent grab bag for $40 USD and it was probably the best buy I have ever made in football. https://www.westcoastgoalkeeping.com/collections/fusion This is the current version of the gloves I have (mine are last season's version). The stick on them is great and the removable finger backs are awesome to help get exactly what you want out of your gloves.
When I left RI and came here 4 years ago, our packout was in August and was ready to be delivered by late September. Granted we were missing one of our 5 crates, but we had most our shit!
When I left my last duty station, the movers tried to put that there were dents, scratches, gouges, stains, and every other possible indicator on the sheet. I told them to show me each and every one from each and every item they were packing. I had literally just bought the kitchen table, couch, and bookshelf they were trying to say were in terrible condition. He crossed every single thing out on those three items. Here in Japan, when they did my packout last week, they didn't mark any of that stuff. Just what applied (a couple scratches and stains for some of the furniture overall).
I just did my packout here in Yokosuka. I am going to Cuba and will be arriving in October... I really hope it doesn't take that long...
I gotta admit yours is much cheekier!
Was about the same attitude the sub had when it came to Drouin and Yzerman. **24 HOURS!**
He can go away. Like to the western conference away.
Hold on, someone *actually* spit on another player? She was carded for that...right?
Did they card her for it? I didn't see the game.
Yeah, if I am that AR, I am telling the center what I saw and that it should be at minimum a yellow.
The first video is garbage. There is zero reason to shove the ref and as a ref, we are part of the field. I keep my head on a swivel and move to where I believe I will have the angle and not be in the way of the play. That doesn't give any player grounds to shove me. That being said, good on the ref to just shake it off and keep the play going. The second one looks unintentional, albeit late. She stepped at the ball late and didn't make an attempt to avoid it, but it didn't look like she was trying to stomp her foot, if you understand what I am trying to say. If I see that elbow, I am likely throwing a red, but at minimum a yellow and if my AR sees it, I would expect them to do the same. This spit is disgusting and I would absolutely red card her instantly for it.
&gt;Early soccer rules before the 1900s enumerated certain acts such as tripping or pushing that were deemed illegal, but they were silent concerning “dangerous play”. The first appearance of dangerous play in the International Rules (FIFA) related to an attempt by an attacker to kick a ball being held by the goalkeeper. Acts such as this were to be dealt with promptly and may warrant a sanction such as a caution (nowadays a yellow card). https://nisoa.com/instruction/news/2009/06/23/dangerous-play-recognition-and-application-of-the-rule/ A dangerous play can be given a yellow as shown in the example above. https://ussoccer.app.box.com/s/xx3byxqgodqtl1h15865/file/462759467819 Your comment is blatantly incorrect. Dangerous play is not an automatic red, as it can be accidental and warrant no caution. As it reads in law 12, as an official we have the ability to issue a free kick to a send-off depending on the severity and recurrence of fouls by a player. At 3', it would absolutely warrant a yellow. If this happened later in the game after some other fouls by this player, I would see no issue giving it a red. Long story short, this isn't a dangerous play (generally called playing in a dangerous manner), this is a blatant *foul* which is different. edit: I even missed this in my reading just now - "Reckless is when a player acts with disregard to the danger to, or consequences for, an opponent and must be cautioned" So, the laws of the game state that a play like this MUST be cautioned (aka a yellow).
Yeah, it all depends on what we see on the field and we definitely miss stuff. However, that's what the half time chats are for. ARs telling the center to keep an eye on specific players who are overly aggressive, center's telling ARs to keep an eye on fouls in their corners, and more.
I think at 3' in to the game, I would go with the yellow. Quickly try to gain control of the game.
I 100% get what you're saying. I think, however, you have to draw a fine line sometimes. That early in the game, *especially* at this high of a level, you don't want to be accused of being the reason a team wins or loses because of your decision to throw a card. That's why the quick yellow will, hopefully and usually, calm things down. Then you tell the captain that if the team continues that shit, you're going to throw people out of the game.
I am going to assume you are inferring I am a great referee and thank you.
&gt; the attackers foot only was in front of the line, that may technically be offside but is that what the rule intended? Yes. Any goal scoring body part.
This is the exact purpose of the VAR. It's just like the coach's challenge in hockey (which ironically is heavily criticized for offside reviews). The rule is the rule. 1 inch or 1 foot, it's offside.
The thing is, however, if she was offside and it wasn't called, then it is a clear error.
The elbow, IMO should've been a yellow due to how early it was. In order to try and gain control of the game. The spitting should've been an instant red.
I disagree., but you can officiate your way and I will officiate mine. In hockey, giving someone a 5 minute major or a match penalty isn't game changing necessarily, so I would probably do either of those in that sport. But in football, a red will completely affect the outcome of the game. I would rather give the caution to gain control and bring it back into a respectable match as opposed to...what that was.
I was inferring one early in the game. But yeah, the one exception.
I didn't see the end so I'm not sure what tackle you're talking about. I agree the spitting style be a red.
Fuck the Caps. Time to go
Ah I did see that replay. Yeah that one was unsportsmanlike for sure. I think she was late on the step and didn't make any attempt to avoid stepping on the ankle, but didn't necessarily do it intentionally, of you understand my point
~~I'm a bit confused. Polymorph and fly (I am assuming at level 3 so you can do both) are both concentration spells. How were you able to do both? Also, as a warlock, how do you have access to both fly and polymorph?~~ ~~Edit: Saw your response below re: fly and polymorph being cast. But I still question how you got fly as it isn't a warlock spell.~~ I r dumb
~~I'm wondering where he got fly. It isn't a warlock spell.~~ I r dumb
You must not know about the GOP, they've perfected it.
I'm trying to stop Rome, Germany and China from getting their science victory while fighting for tourists with England and Russia as France. I just hit 100 tourists and need 250 more while using my spies to disrupt every possible spaceport and stealing great works left and right. I've also got Australia, Sumeria, India, and Scythia doing fucky things and getting in my damn way. It's late 1800's. This is the first time I bumped up my difficulty to king and I am struggling!
&gt; Watch season 4 on Netflix! Don't you know, Netflix cancels shows after three seasons unless you're dumb like Fuller House
~~Uhh, how? Looking at the spell list on DDB (can't like because I can't get to it on my work computer, but I double checked on my phone) it is definitely not there.~~ ~~* Cloud of Daggers~~ ~~* Crown of Madness~~ ~~* Darkness~~ ~~* Earthbind~~ ~~* Enthrall~~ ~~* Flock of Familiars~~ Because I am an idiot and thought it was second level. I was confusing fly and invisibility * Hold Person
That's fucking amazing.
Ah yes, this oddly specific stat is so very important.... Can we not devolve into nonsensical stats like this?
OP had zero interest in having his mind changed. You can tell by his responses to other posters and his lack of response to this poster.
Replacing...Stamkos? Oh no, you're right replacing Point... He is likely one that we will lose because he will be worthy of 1C or 2C money buy won't have that position on our roster.
Also knows as: *dumbass*
The historical total war games are amazing. It is really interesting to do research on ancient battle tactics and try them out in the games. It's crazy to see how well they work. Then you switch over to Warhammer and just go ballistic with giant lizards or a squat box of Dawi and have fun in a whole new way!
&gt; NGL, when it’s consenting groups of Ultras, rucking away from the public, with rules of engagement, then I’m basically OK with football violence. It’s nearly all theatrical violence anyways. The footy violence that gets you killed is a knife in the back, 2 on 1, in a back alley in Istanbul, not this kinda thing. What the fuck did you just say?
https://www.westcoastgoalkeeping.com/pages/glove-care https://www.westcoastgoalkeeping.com/pages/basics-of-glove-care
Ah thanks, I didn't dig into the history, just looked at the responses on the linked post.
Not understand. There were a lot of words in there that were kind of confusing. * Ultras * rucking away (fighting?) * ROE in a street fight? * footy violence
Can I get an ELI5 on how offer sheets and the like work? I've seen them discussed numerous times, but I am unclear.
Huh. Last time I checked entering the country as a refugee isn't illegal...
No. Requesting asylum as a refugee isn't illegal. Further, these people are being locked up in these concentration camps without going to trial, so imprisoning them as such is a violation of the due process rights as granted to them on our soil by the Constitution of the United States of America.
https://www.newyorker.com/news/q-and-a/inside-a-texas-building-where-the-government-is-holding-immigrant-children They don't have clean water, they don't have soap, they don't have clothes, they are sick, they are being fed very little, and more. These are concentration camps and no one should be okay with this. The fact that we have people who are saying they aren't because they don't compare to Nazi camps is fucking pathetic and disgusting.
In fact it is a court agreement (Flores Agreement) that these centers are supposed to hold them for no more than ~~72 hours~~ 20 days. Edit: I questioned myself on that and got it mixed with something else. The agreement specifically says "without unnecessary delay" which was clarified in 2015 to mean no more than 20 days. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reno_v._Flores
Because death, sickness, and guns make money. Lots of it.
I can assure you I've read more than just one new Yorker article on the matter. But the source isn't the issue here for you is it? I could've posted any of the dozens of articles on it and you'd have found some reason to bitch about it.
I'm pretty sure the concentration camps would qualify as a high crime.
See my edit, however many of the children have been there for far more than 20 days as laid out in the agreement. Also if *this* is what changes your pov, then I am kinda disappointed. We're locking children in cages for weeks at a time in conditions that are not safe or sanitary.
Foote in the crease
Washington, fuck you.
No. He made a Civ reference and I was in the middle of a Civ 6 campaign (still am, now I am trying to stop Rome, Australia, Poland, England, Germany, and China from science victory and I am running away with the culture victory, but I don't know if I will make it in time).
Both Callahan and Komarov both said they were not okay with it.
&gt; A CHN player KICKED A GOALKEEPER HOLDING A BALL and it got a yellow card Yeah that's the right thing. You give a yellow for that type of dangerous play.
&gt; Attacking a keeper with the ball is a red. What? No it isn't. As a ref, currently, it's a yellow unless the attempt was malicious or excessive.
&gt; It was literally half her foot. The current rule is "any scoring body part". Last time I checked, the foot is the primary scoring body part in soccer.
I didn't see it, so I will defer to you on that. If you know of a link, I'd be curious to watch.
As I stated in my other comment, attacking the ball while the keeper has possession isn't an instant red. It is an instant yellow and can be ramped up from there.
That's what I'm trying to say. We are loaded at the top 6 center position. He is extremely talented, but it is unlikely we retain him with 1st like PK and 3rd line C offers.
54% voted for someone else in 2016.
To quote one of the greatest father figured in cinema history, if the child wasn't biologically yours. "He may have been your father, but he wasn't your daddy." Good on you.
What other RFA/UFA do you guys have that you're trying to keep? You guys have roughly 20 million in cap space, so you could theoretically afford both. edit: I just ntoiced the lightning logo you guys have is an upside down rangers logo, which I assume is for Rangers south. I love you guys. This is why I stay subbed here.
No one wants Marner at this point if he's fighting for 12+
100% normal. With a new baby in the house your hormones are firing on all cylinders just like your wife's. Between society's serialization of breasts and those hormones, it is no surprise you would pop a woody.
I would read all sorts of stuff to my daughter at that age. The material isn't what matters it's the act that matters at this age. After about 6-8 months, my daughter actually didn't want to sit down and be read to. She just didn't have the interest. Now that she's getting a little older she will bring us books.
Food, a 6-pack of beer.
Ah a fellow D&amp;D DM. I saw the thumbtile and assumed I was on r/DnD or r/behindthescreen
Or any metro area in Japan.
No worries. I mostly read Dr. Seuss to her because when she is old enough I want to be able to read hop on pop and other difficult ones and impress her.
https://www.bardown.com/ryan-callahan-shares-his-thoughts-on-being-licked-by-brad-marchand-1.1077047 "I don't know what the difference is in that and spitting in somebody's face," Callahan said. "It's unfortunate that he goes to that level to do that. But it doesn't take us off our game." It really isn't difficult to google something. That's not him saying it was funny, that's him saying he sees it the same as spitting on someone.
You're right. I just looked at the OP and instantly thought of where I live in Zushi/Yokosuka.
My wife still mentions how upset she is about it sometimes. When we saw GotG2 she got really excited.
It was tongue in cheek mostly. He was a terrible father figure, but as he raised Quill he went from just being the captain to actually caring about him, which is why he was so upset when Quill betrayed him. It was like his son, who he raised, betraying him.
Amazon, Crunchy Roll, and HBO currently. I will likely cancel HBO soon especially before Disney+ launches.
That's awesome! Thank you for the link. I'll be sure to share it with the people I know who state 98% of them never show up for court.
So what effect does this have on people who elect trial by judge alone (a common thing seen in military courts)
That's blatantly incorrect lol. While there were family separation policies under Obama (and Bush and Clinton) they were *never* like this.
No that's not what I said at all. Under Obama Bush and Clinton, the children were being expiditiously reunited with their families. They had proper food, water, sanitation, etc. Under Trump, that *all* stopped.
Well I mean, except for the fact that they are children who were brought here with no say in the matter. The capacity was filled because the Trump administration changed the policy. Under Obama, separation only occurred if there was a concern of the accompanied adult not being a legal guardian or parent. Under Trump, EVERY child is separated, regardless of who they're with. Why are funds so low? Why are we paying almost $800 per child per day, yet they have no water, no sanitation, little food, and more? Edit: 4 hours later, still no response. Huh, whodathunk you had no response for facts.
Okay. I wanted to make sure. That's what I thought was clear, but some of the commentary elsewhere had me a bit unsure.
Well he left his echo chamber for the first time in a few years probably. So he doesn't know how to have discussions with adults.
When you are accused by over 20 people, many of whom look very similar, I think it's more than just a coincidence.
You're right, it isn't. However, court of public opinion isn't the legal system and just because people didn't find OJ or Michael Jackson guilty, most people still think of them as such, don't they?
They *are* concentration camps. &gt;a place in which large numbers of people, *especially political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities*, are deliberately imprisoned in a relatively small area with inadequate facilities, *sometimes to provide forced labour or to await mass execution*. Added emphasis on those two parts because they *aren't* requirements to be a concentration camp. We put Japanese-Americans into concentration camps in World War II, and we weren't torturing or killing them, were we? This is about children is unsafe and unsanitary conditions (both of which were not issues during the Obama administration). https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/aoc-was-right-compare-trump-s-border-internment-camps-concentration-ncna1019381 https://www.newyorker.com/news/our-columnists/the-unimaginable-reality-of-american-concentration-camps https://www.businessinsider.com/us-border-facilities-concentration-camps-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-cages-2019-6 https://www.newsweek.com/rabbi-aoc-concentration-camps-never-again-1445036 https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a27813648/concentration-camps-southern-border-migrant-detention-facilities-trump/ https://www.politico.com/story/2014/08/border-children-no-military-facility-housing-109692 The last link is one from the Obama administration. Look at the difference in care. The Obama administration ensured they had a bed for each and every single child. They ensured there was adequate food, water, soap, shampoo, etc. for every single child. They ensured medical care was provided at all times. As opposed to the Trump camps where children are laying on each other in crowded cages. Children are giving birth and being left in their dirty clothes in a wheelchair with their premature newborn left in dirty clothes and without enough diapers and wipes to properly clean the baby.
In directly speaking of the justice system, you're right. However, the court of public opinion doesn't follow that generally. OJ Simpson and Michael Jackson were found not guilty, but everyone still thinks OJ murdered his wife and Jackson raped a bunch of children.
&gt;What forced labor is being conducted? Are you proclaiming that deporting individuals to Mexico is sentencing them to death? I never once made any claim of the sort. In fact I am saying those things aren't required in order for it to be a concentration camp. &gt;Also, the Japanese-American camps in World War II were internment camps, not concentration camps. They were neither forced to do labor nor were they sentenced to death. They were held, yes, against their will. All historians and experts agree the Japanese-American camps were concentration camps. If you bothered to read any of my sources (specifically the esquire article) you would see that. Once again, since you can't seem to comprehend it, *forced labor and death are not requirements for concentration camps*. They are elements of *some* of the concentration camps in the past, but they are *not* a requirement. &gt;I would argue that the Mexican illegal migrants did this of their own free will. They knew coming here illegally is... Well... Illegal and wrong. But they do it anyways in hope of a better life. That's fine, but I just want people to do it legally, hopefully under a merit based system soon. Majority of these immigrants are entering the country under the international and federal laws of refugee and asylum. In order to do so, you *must* be on US soil. It cannot be done at an overseas military base or Embassy/consulate. Further, the camps we are mostly discussing right now are the camps that are housing *children* from premature newborns to 17 years old. You are telling me right now that you believe these children as young as premature infants came of their own free will? They made the conscious choice to come here, or were they, more than likely, brought by their parents with no say in the matter? &gt;NBC: extreme leftist bias. Not a fair take. [NBC News is a center-left source, however, they are a highly credible source for factual reporting](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/nbc-news/) &gt;Newsweek: Another opinion piece from a rabbi. I don't want any religious figure writing a political article. This is literally the argument being made by much of the right. They are sharing stories from survivors or religious figures saying they aren't, but when the other side uses the same thing, they aren't relevant? I'm an Atheist, so religion isn't a factor for me one way or the other, but when members of the community who were decimated by Nazi camps are directly saying these are similar to the early stages of Nazi camps (they are) then I think it is worth listening to. &gt;Esquire: Another left leaning publication... But here ya go. [Again, yes they are left, but they are a reputable factual source](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/esquire-magazine/) &gt;The article basically says what I am saying at the start of my rebuttal: this isn't Auschwitz, it doesn't have the same conditions. But people against what is happening, like yourself, use the "concentration camp" terminology to invoke an emotional responses from the either uneducated or ignorant mass. No. It isn't. It is a reputable historian and expert saying "Yes, these are concentration camps, even though they aren't the same as Nazi camps." In fact she even goes on to explain (as opposed to your earlier assertion) that the Japanese-American camps *were* concentration camps. I can tell you didn't read the sources, instead you skimmed to find specific things that were going to fit your narrative. &gt;Politico: not even going to read this ultra left garbage. This is the least fair article that you linked. [Once again, and most importantly, this is a highly credible factual source who isn't leftist at all. It is actually considered to be one of the least biased sources out there.](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/politico/) This wasn't brought up much under Obama (it was brought up though, as you can see with the politico article you refuse to read and directly contradicts your assertion it was never once written about) because they were reuniting families without unnecessary delay, providing them beds, food, water, healthcare, toiletries, and more. They *are* concentration camps. I am not saying so to elicit any emotional responses. I am saying so because it is.
&gt; but you attempt to argue that politico is "one of the least biased sources" which is an absolute joke. If you read the linked MBFC website I provided you will see why it is demonstrated as such. Edit: &gt;Analysis / Bias &gt;Both sides of the political spectrum have accused Politico of either having a left or right bias. For example, Media Matters for America, a progressive media watchdog group in Washington, has accused them of having a “Republican tilt.” Politico also published an article criticizing Obama for not being a strong supporter of Israel: “Obama’s Jewish Problem”. In another article they state that Liberals are not as tolerant as they say they are: “Why Liberals Aren’t as Tolerant as They Think.” Further, here is an article criticizing Democratic Socialism: “Down Goes Socialism” and another criticizing Bernie Sanders, “Bernie’s army in disarray.” Lastly, according to the Poynter Institute, Politico is balanced. The right leaning Daily Caller has also criticized Politico for having a liberal bias when they compared a New York Times headline to Politico’s Playbook headline, by claiming that it “Extended further to the left than the NYT on this headline.” &gt;In review, Politico occasionally publishes listicles such as “All of Trump’s Russia Ties, in 7 Charts.” They also publish articles with minimally loaded words such as “Ocasio-Cortez warns Trump Jr. about subpoena power in response to meme”, and they source to credible media outlets such as Reuters and the NY Times. However, they sometimes do use emotional headlines such as this: Establishment looks to crush liberals on Medicare for All. &gt;Editorially, they provide a balance of opinions as evidenced by the criticism they have received from both sides. Further, their news articles tend to be balanced through covering both sides and counterpoints to the story they are reporting on. &gt;A factual search reveals they have not failed a fact check. Anyone talking about an echo chamber coming from T_D is laughable. I pulled every one of my sources from my phone quickly and easily. Your refusal to even look at a source is part of the issue. I can look at a source and make my own determination without being subjected to its bias. It really isn't difficult if you have the ability to think logically. Which is why I read from numerous sources center left to center right (I avoid far left and right, i.e. breitbart or occupy democrats) because it helps me to determine what I believe to be the actual truth. * [Left-center sources](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/leftcenter/) * [Least Biased sources](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/center/) * [Right-center sources](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/right-center/) Look at all the different source options available. You will see the center-right sources aren't that much fewer than the center or center-left. Find some articles from the center-right column and I will happily read them.
I can assure you I don't subscribe to the concentration camp definition because of an echo chamber. Experts and historians mostly agree that it is not a requirement for death, torture, or forced labor in order to be a concentration camp. While the mental image that comes to the forefront of a concentration camp *is* Nazi Germany, that is because it is the most extreme version of one. In general, the mass incarceration or detention of individuals under armed guard without a trial is the basis for a concentration camp. Especially when it is specific to one particular type of people (in this case, hispanic migrants, in Nazi Germany, jews).
So now he's visiting the Avs?
I am willing to bet 2 things here: 1. Point is waiting to see what he is given offer sheet wise to help get a little more money from Tampa 2. He is waiting to see who the bolts bring in as a UFA to help keep the bolts under their cap.
Yes. Yes. Yes.. Wait a second, fuck you!
They wouldn't move Gourde. His deal is a really good deal and he's pretty significant to the team. If they sign Pavelski to a couple years for 4.5-5 or so (He was 6 last season and I think JBB and crew could convince him to take less) That will leave us with more than enough to sign Point after the season starts (and the LTIR comes off our cap hit) to an 8x8 extension.
I hate you both. ^^^but ^^^I ^^^still ^^^upvoted ^^^you ^^^both.
4.5-5 for Joe, Point signs 8x8 after the LTIR comes off the cap when the season starts.
It all began with Big Dave Andy
We are sorry. I want Bish to win one, but of all people to lose it to, I am okay with it being Vasi.
I am thinking they will wait until Cally's salary comes off the cap. The deal will get done during the season.
Unless he thinks that SJS is lacking something to win the cup that Tampa has? Do you think he's worth more than the 6 he got this year? Since 14-15 (the first year of the contract that expires next week) his point production has gone down every season (not by much, but seeing as scoring in general has gone up this does matter).
Credit: Ellen DeGeneres Also expandable. Fucking autocorrect.
A llama!? He's supposed to be dead!
Since the Caps won, I hate that we've become that comparison. But considering we've gone to the scf or the ecf 3 times in the last 5 seasons, I'm willing to bet anyone with a little knowledge knows that isn't likely to happen again.
The penguins got oh so close too, didn't they? Considering Tampa has been in the ecf or scf 3 of the last 5 years, I think we're all acutely aware of their ability.
I'm not saying anything you said in here is wrong, because it's absolutely correct. The only thing I will say is last year and likely this upcoming year, Tampa was the favorite. Yeah we got swept in the first round. Got it. But we've also made the ecf or scf in 3/5 years.
I had never heard it before.
I'm not saying the sharks haven't been in their window as well. Just countering people who think the first round exit by Tampa is indicative of anything significant other than we got beat this year.
I chuckled
I didn't take it that way, just saying I had never heard it before her Netflix special.
Come home BB
Washington. Capitals. Let's do this!
It's called discretion. As referees, we have that. As I stated, it would be an attempt to gain control of the game and if it didn't work, then more cards and ejections would follow.
Keep pushing. Georgia is the new Ohio. Ohio is moving more and more right, but Georgia is on the cusp of being a new battleground. Especially with the bull shit abortion laws, there's new energy on the left in Georgia.
These types of bows are still surpassingly common here in Japan. On any given day where I live you'll see young people, usually, carrying these on the train. There are numerous archery fields and demonstrations nearby. Samurai horse archery is always fun to watch on the beach as well.
WHY ARE THE CAPS STILL IN THIS
Caps get them the fuck out
No. No I'm not. And it's all your fault
HERE. WE. GO! One of the few times I've been excited about FA. There's a lot of big names moving around and I, for one, can't wait to see who thinks each and every contract is a rip off.
If there's two things I've learned watching the bolts over the past decade: trust the yzerplan and trust the JBBlueprint.
Yeah it's going to be a rough day for CBJ. You're basically losing everyone you went all in for just to get the glory of sweeping the bolts in the first round.
*Team* totally got ripped off on this deal.
With Tort at the helm, you never know. He's a great coach.
We're coming for that A2 spot
Just means you'll play us instead of Boston in the first round.
Yeah it's his best year, but he's been consistent with his points and he's always been a great teacher for the young guys. Now he's being a leader for the whole team. For years people have shat on his contact but he's been with every dollar.
I don't think we'll be in cruise mode for February March and April this time. In case you forgot since 14-15 we've made it at least to the ECF in all but two years.
You'll need it, afterall you only get 7 games in the playoffs
Emery's smile that entire time was phenomenal. He was just having so much fun lol
You know it'll result in you leading 3-1. New decade, same leafs!
Shit pay me half.
You mean when he lifted his hands to stop a guy skating towards him? Such a viscous cross check. 🙄🙄 Stop trying to be a professional victim, it's not a good look.
Funny, we still had an even amount of hits and we won the game. Congrats, you guys wasted a spot to stoop to the shitty level of hiring a goon that was effectively useless. Let me know when the sabers have the ability to consistently win again, k?
Your "low late hit" was literally nothing. You guys really are professional victims. He hits him hip to hip if Sabotka doesn't try to fucking jump over him. The elbow was bad and he was suspended for it.
His name is fucking booger. He willingly calls himself that. He's gotta be fill of nonsense
... You can't just walk around dropping hard R's. That's highly inappropriate.
All for a game that was utter garbage!
That might be one of the best videos I've ever seen
A weapon of mass destruction (WMD) is a nuclear, radiological, chemical, biological, or any other weapon that can kill and bring significant harm to numerous humans or cause great damage to human-made structures (e.g., buildings), natural structures (e.g., mountains), or the biosphere. The scope and usage of the term has evolved and been disputed, often signifying more politically than technically. Originally coined in reference to aerial bombing with chemical explosives during World War II, it has later come to refer to large-scale weaponry of other technologies, such as chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear warfare. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weapon_of_mass_destruction
Hopefully career...
Look just because our president is a righteous cunt doesn't mean we don't have culture. There is definitely a lot of strong culture in the US.
Well in the case of Twitter, he's the president, so that makes it okay! ^^^^/s
... I've lived in literally every corner of the country and traveled throughout most of it. I've also, and still do, live overseas. The regional culture is still culture within the US, not sure why that doesn't qualify for you.
100% agree. We just need to build some more cultural districts and get some artifacts. Getting a couple great writers and such would help too.
While I agree in theory, what Trump does constantly is far too excessive.
Thank you...
Thank you. I generally don't bother with ignorant cunts like that.
Considering this article is referring to Iranian culture and the discussion is about American culture it's pretty easy to understand why he made that comparison. But it's obvious you're only here to be a keyboard warrior and a troll, so there's really no use talking to you anymore.
I totally agree with you, but he'll never be held accountable. We showed that with Nixon when he was pardoned. We'd rather our criminal president be exempt from justice than tarnish the office with one being convicted of a crime
*raises hand* I'm one of those who joined for healthcare and education. Luckily my job keeps me well away from the fighting...
Iran has a massive FAC and FIAC fleet, but I seriously doubt they'd be able to sink a full carrier strike group. The absurd amount of fire power in those is insane.
Lol, you must have zero idea what the US Navy's capabilities. The system our destroyers and cruisers use to track air targets can hold up to 800 at a time in a full sphere around the ships. They then have numerous ways to combat all of that. I get that the fun thing to do is shit on America, but if there's one thing our country does better than anyone else in the world it's military capabilities. Comes with the territory of the absurd amount we spend on it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/AN/SPY-1 &gt;Targets simultaneously tracked: 200 each array, 800 total.
MC02 showed how the US Navy could be combatted in 2002, if you ACTUALLY think they haven't updated their systems and tactics silver then, then you really are as clueless as your comments make you seem.
Yes because they going to walk out into the public sphere and say "here's our new strategy and tactics. We made sure to put it in bullet point format from detection to destruction." ...🙄🙄
No, they were obviously bested in MC02. But if you think they're going to turn around and release their updated strategy then you're really more naive and ignorant of military strategy then I thought.
Lol yes because CWIS is the only countermeasure they have. Jesus you have zero clue.
So, yes, you have zero clue of the US Navy's capabilities. Thanks for clearing that up for me.
Poo^2 Doo^2
7*
I think he's been overrated throughout the season and is starting to show some signs of life. I think Stephens might be better.
I've told them I'm cancelling after this season. I'm stationed in Guantanamo Bay and my internet registers me as being in Miami. I can't watch the majority of my games because sun sports is supposedly playing the game in Miami, but when I check my Kodi, it's actually a Miami heat game and I have to them go find the game somewhere else. On top of that, their policy that all national games no matter what are blacked out, despite the fact that I'm, again, overseas and don't get national broadcasts.
The relevant ad while watching this https://imgur.com/tJ6Wu5M.jpg
As a father of a three year old who sleep mimics my metal growl, this is fucking fantastic. You're a great father.
Tampa flairs: Chill. He was **NOT** trying to injure him. It was an interference play you see happen often that resulted in a bad hit. Hall isn't a goon and it wasn't some intent to injure. Chill the hell out.
Yeah he tried to interfere with him, hence the penalty. He wasn't trying to injure him or anything...
It's definitely a worse beating than we took last year, it just didn't come on the end of a record breaking season for the hawks.
You guys did just beat Washington. Your forecheck is unreal
Definitely not the one line team with two goalies keeping them in the game only to lose almost a quarter of their games in OT.
Yeah that's rough, but surely not as bad as losing game 7. https://imgur.com/u0bSK0T.gif
Lol? We started off slow because we entirely revamped our system and are on a nine game win streak. The bruins are literally the same team as the past 3 years. One big line that gets them all their production and goalies. Except this year they can't close out games. They've lost 11 in OT, 6 in the shootout.
Lol? While yes we choked hard last year, we've made at least the ECF every year except two since 2015, once due to more injuries than most teams deal with over two seasons and the other due to the wonderful choke we all love to meme.
Likely did it so that the majority of us squids who've never dealt with subs or their people and don't know that COB=CMC. My current CMC was a submariner, so he's ready to often tell me I'm inferior to him lol.
Amazing, that's what it was lol
Holtby might be blowing his shot at a bobrovski type paycheck with his play this season. He's been mediocre at best.
He's fucking killing my fantasy season...
As my fantasy team weeps...
About half that, actually. https://qz.com/150577/an-average-nfl-game-more-than-100-commercials-and-just-11-minutes-of-play/
Seriously who coached that bum that obviously can play well...
Wait...you dropped vasi or Holtby? Either way...why!? You wouldn't drop Drew Brees in football because he has a bad game or two!
Yeah I'm in the r/tbl discord league and we have 20 teams...it's ridiculous.
To bring this conversation out of the parenting realm and into the day to day of adulthood, I think am apt example is student loans. The past two generations have had to take out more and more loans as education costs have gotten out of control. If your argument as to why the next generations should have to is along the lines of "well I did it so now they should have to," despite it being a significant hindrance to your overall success and ability to start a family or but a house (both real life factors due to student loan debt), then you're just an ass hole.
It was a joke. I'm not on the fire Gase train.
Iran didn't directly attack our embassy. Trump assassinated someone who was a high level official of a country we aren't at war with. Democrats try to use peaceful measures to resolve differences as opposed to just dropping bombs en mass.
Hey Matt! I'll be upfront and say I'm not a fan of CR or your style of DMing, but I love the passion you always bring to your games and the community. Thank you for everything you've done for this community and your continued hard work.
None. I'm at home eating lunch.
Why didn't you say something to the driver and get him to stop? If you think it's uncomfortable, imagine how she feels. Step in and say something.
You mean I have to slow down from my normal? I'm a sailor. I can't get fired that quickly even if they wanted to.
We don't want him, we'll let the Xbox team claim him.
I wanted a dog. My wife wanted a cat. We compromised and now I can't go to work... https://imgur.com/rncvV6T.jpg
This is fantastic and exactly what I was looking for in a dwarfen city! Thanks for sharing this!!
I did! It's saved to my cloud! My party just arrived after surviving Tucker's kobolds
Was getting the notifications and saw the 690 to tie, then 691 to pass, then 692 and thought something was wrong with the notifications or I missed something. Apparently I did miss something, greatness.
Where's the proof of that? That's what I'm curious about. Is there actual proof that it was intentionally withheld?
My daughter, also 3, will go "ahhhh fuck" when something goes wrong. Be it a game, she dropped something, or what have you. She doesn't quite get the whole grown up words thing yet but she always uses it in the proper context lol
Pictures of individuals under the age of 18 who are naked is 100% illegal in the US. Edit: if the photo is sufficiently sexually suggestive. That's a really hazy area that could be interpreted basically however the doj wants. https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/citizens-guide-us-federal-law-child-pornography
Correction: it needs to be sexually suggestive. That being said, you being in the tub could be construed that way. It just depends on how the photo is used. https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/citizens-guide-us-federal-law-child-pornography
https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/citizens-guide-us-federal-law-child-pornography If it's sexually suggestive it could be charged as child pornography.
You're Google-fu sucks then. https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/citizens-guide-us-federal-law-child-pornography The photos need to be sexually suggestive, to clarify.
Nonsense. While I don't agree with many of his positions, he's been a proper justice and despite a some rulings I disagree with, he has also voted with liberals on some things that were diametrically opposed to the GOP positions.
Yup I read every opinion that comes out of the Supreme Court for the most part. He hasn't been some corporate shill or party line judge. Like I said, I disagree with many of his positions, but since Kennedy retired, he has taken the role of swing vote
The Tampa Bay lightning struggled to start the season, but seem to have figured out their new system and are easily one of the favorites for the cup.
Where's the lie?
What can he do? The rules state anything he rules on can be overruled by a simple majority. He's literally bound to do nothing the GOP doesn't want.
The amount of Roberts bashing with regards to the impeachment trial is unsettling. People have zero idea how this works...
The reason most people aren't watching it because they are at work. How do you figure Schiff is lying? What about the managers arguments are lies?
You must not have watched or listened for the past two days because that's all they've done. The link is plainly obvious...
&gt;why can't leftists just be real? You have no intention of having a real discussion or observing the facts. The process isn't a lie Trump abused his power and obstructed Congress. That's plainly obvious. Whether you agree that it's worth removing him or not is one thing, but the fact that he's *guilty* is uncontested.
He said both sides should avoid it...
u/patiffonka question for you
Because they aren't comparable.
So Holtby is playing like shit, but he's here...and apparently representing the Atlantic?
The labels had him and Jarry from the Atlantic and Vasi from the metro. Holtby has also had a terrible fucking season
Yeah NBCSN
That behind he back though. I love it.
Worst moment... So far
I also never watch these things because I have the attention span of a squirrel, but that was fantastic.
TMZ reporting his 13 year old was onboard and they were heading to the mamba basketball academy.
I'm not sure how basketball Hof works, but if he wasn't going to be unanimous before he will be for sure now.
_/
It's for fun, get over it.
It's for fun, get over it.
Louis would often let in 2-3 early goals and then become a vezina goalie after the 25-30 minute mark
So like he said, fuck the rich.
You could say that Seattle is a happy little accident
The entire King's PK and quick were exhausted.
Shit I wish someone had that!
I just got my third "Vote by Mail" ballot request THIS YEAR.
Great fucking idea, but it'll never fly.
I 1000% get what you're saying and agree with you on basically everything. That being said, of Booker doesn't win the Democratic nomination, would you be willing to vote for McGrath? I'm from Florida, so I 100% get what you're saying because it's very similar here.
It's an attempt to mark people as "inactive" or give reason not to send ballots out. They're all legitimate and the same thing each time.
Damn. We're not all bad
How are you going to just casually mention you put googly eyes on your dick for a picture. That's fucking hilarious.
I did. It's prepaid postage, so I'm helping the post office a bit too lol
To be clear, Kav filed a separate dissent
Hadn't read them yet, but 28 pages is sure as hell of a lot shorter than the 107 of alito
....I want to continue to comment about how great this is, but oh my jesus it's so bad. Just like my vasi. But at the same time...*masterpiece*
Maybe if the White House didn't let the PPP get plundered by mega corps and Congress actually put some teeth into their legislation, we'd be fine.
*Ron Howard* The hospitals are overloaded
downvoted for providing requested source. lol...
Which is fair, but to downplay THIS as the flu is the issue u/inajeep had. The flu is a rough virus that infects people. The rona is a different virus, similar, but is fucking up a whole hell of a lot more people than the flu.
&gt; and we're only halfway through the year. And we didn't start to really deal with it until March. 4 months over 120,000 dead. But it's just a weak wannabe flu...
It was an exaggeration, but they definitely aren't in good shape. https://www.news4jax.com/news/local/2020/06/18/florida-has-less-than-25-of-its-icu-beds-available/
Guten tag aus Amerika! I think that's the right form of it, I've been learning German through Duolingo.
While I don't agree with gorsuch on... Well anything... He at least seems to be reasonable. Even if I do hate his writing style. Kav on the other hand is a piece of shit and should boof himself out of there
Now you've got me wanting to open Lexis to see if I can find something
1000000000000000000% agree
I've only barely used westlaw, but I couldn't stand its layout and interface
Did we fucking stutter
What was cth?
