Where did you get the music? OST?
When I tore my ACL and had several patellar subluxations thereafter, it was always something dumb. Never was it something cool or badass. Just innocuous stuff. A bad jump, weird landing, etc.
It’s just they’re so old school it’s fucking annoying. If someone doesn’t approach the game in their distorted veil, then fuck-all let’s condone a hit-by-pitch.
Oh my god that comment about Dietrich last week was asinine.
Well, I think the Reds have taken the rock bottom prize for the last few years, but the fact remains there’s been little-if-anything for the Pirates to celebrate in the last 26 years. They went maybe 20 years without an above .500 record.
The Reds minuscule success is still much greater than the Pirate’s absolute meltdown over the last 22 years before the Cutch era till now.
It makes no difference. The message is contradictory regardless. The social media team works in conjunction with the club.
Haha he told me afterwards he had it flipped. He's from Cincy but was an NYCFC fan before our innaugural USL year so he had a split shirt, half Cincy, half NYC.
I just got dizzy in the car reading this and now I feel sick
She thiccc
Yeah this is certainly not the same setup as what's shown BTS.
Ahh yes, still living in your head rent free
Are you high
Most likely this. You have no idea how ridiculous it is too assume there are plants in the audience getting paid to cheer. Let's just say this was the case. Bethesda is paying audience members to cheer: 1) Hundreds of people sign NDAs 2) Betheada hires a great number of contractors via 1099. Between liability of hundreds of people involved in the scheme and Bethesda Softworks being an IPO, the word would get out.
Lol just wait. When Mincraft gets a facelift with some shading and better game mechanics, you'll be asking for Minecraft Classic.
Yeah this game got hyped because it was hot off Bethesda tanking miserably with Fallout 76. Those animations are terrible, and the themes are heavily played out. It doesn't look great.
2005 called, they want their animations back.
No one got paid bro.
Bro what
^except for him.
I sincerely do not understand what this means.
Are....are you trolling man?
I don't understand what you mean, and yes we do suck.
If we win, it's a surprise, if we lose, it's somehow lower than our current humiliation.
What Berding said: Lou City iz cool. We like to play soccer against them. It should be fun! What I wanted Berding to say: Our form is terrible and this is a must-win. Like we're really bad and this season is tanking, but we can prevent a new low by winning.
Don't worry they're just planeswalker decks
Hey we're new at this!
Wowie. Is this for the whole game? Or just the series of top 5s? That seems like a drastic gameplay change. EDIT: OH. Saw your edit. Thanks for the clarification.
Ya I've noticed people just hanging out for the streak.
Since the new update there's been several DC issues. I would imagine this is the case.
It's pretty drastic and kind of goes against Respawn's mentality of small tweaks instead of big game affecting adjustments
De Blasio said this too. Mentioned 9/11. It's kind of crazy because I don't think New Yorkers are really as paranoid about terrorist attacks as everyone thinks. Many times people just shurg off whatever craziness is taking place that day, and go on with their lives. Not to mention, there are a surprising amount of aircraft that have crashed in New York within the last few years. Mostly small aircraft like the tour helicopter that went down in the East River.
Who dies from a shot of scotch? What kind of corners are being cut in this specific circumstance?
This is great.
I mean yeah, can't agree more.
Thank you.
Your comment is so irrationally infused with anger that you're not even worth addressing.
Adi is actually Homer Bailey in disguise.
This is bad soccer.
IM SORRY IT JUST NEEDS TO BE SAID
Thanks USWNT.
I'll be surprised if we win
It's like when you're a kid and you're hoping for a snow day but out loud you say you dont think itll happen and then you wake up happy because you lowered your expectations. But hey we got 15min!
Ledesma you had Bone on the right Jesus Christ
What match were you watching? Neither side could string a pass
Lou city can't even beat the worst historic expansion side that can't even fill a full bench
Lol wait this is like a parallel universe where the Lou City fan loses and then mouths off about attendance.
Oh so you're REALLY upset
You're welcome...I guess...
How dare you insult our natural form.
Wait...first...??? First USOC victory...ever?
There's always something in every match. The one call that wasn't offside, the wet pitch, the rough tackle that the officials didn't catch, you could find an excuse in every match ever played, but the fact remains that your side still lost.
Oh please you're flattering yourself.
Poopfoop
I guess that makes LCFCs loss all that more embarassing.
I don't. Just last night and a two weeks ago (for a self deprecating meme). I was just commenting on how bad we played and you gave me a jab and I did to you too. It's not malicious and I'm certainly not trolling. EDIT: A word
ELI5 net code
He did hip check a grown man off the ball and that alone was worth watching
Do not fuck your cat.
Side note: I really hate that we killed this guy. He was only around for 2 minutes, but man, he seemed like a missed opportunity with such a solid voice actor and charming demeanor.
You'll be laughing at all of us when Rockstar releases cool camp upgrades and houses and professions.
Seems likely. It's a weird story. Since there's no voice for our characters it often feels like a passive campaign. We're just being led by these strangers.
People gotta drop the coffee cup. This shit happens ALL OF THE TIME in MANY MANY MANY movies and TV shows and music videos. Criticize season 8 but I have no idea why everyone is hanging on a stupid mistake that totally didn't ruin the immersion until people starting scrubbing footage looking for errors.
Horde everything. Rockstar is giving us gifts and releasing awesome clothes to tank us so we'll buy microtransactions when we're all broke and the cool stuff is out.
Thanks for the explanation!
[what am I watching ](https://giphy.com/gifs/reaction-seinfeld-80mXWlPqTSU1y)
I thought these things were docile and not really a threat. But I don't know Titanfall lore.
This game mode isn't even worth it. There's a lot of strategy to hanging out in a closing ring, uninterrupted looting with a lack of enemies means you can gear up relatively unbothered. The trade-off is using your health supplies. With Elite, there's just pain. And it makes for quicker matches too.
Is "kid brother" a regional phrase?
Skyline on fountain square, followed by a quick walk to The Banks for a drink!
Fliers??
Oooof that's scary as hell...
Wow that's straight up horrifying. Now just imagine you're battling in boneyard and one of these picks up your teammate and flies away.
Although I understood firing Koch, I never agreed with it. I don't think things would be much better with him, but I do think our situation would be improved compared to how things are going now. Sacking him felt impulsive and premature. Installing a proxy with no experience in head-coaching is just a bandaid solution that has had no stopping power. Now, instead of salvaging points this year, we're on the verge of scrapping it all to transition to 2020. We might not even sign a real manager until the end of the season.
Adi as a target man is awful. He has so much to offer in physicality and control but he's constantly being bumped off the ball in favor of a foul. We've seen how much of a presence he can be when he wants to use his body (see Lou City goal) but what I see is lethargia. That definitely has an effect on team chemistry when the DP would rather get dropped than play the advantage or finish the play.
These comments show exactly how exhausted we all are by this
I agree
This seems fun even if I hate gambling
Wait WHAT
Why do MLS sides draw consistently low for Open Cup matches? It's beyond me. It's one of the more exciting times of the year. We drew 6,500 for our old rival Lou City. Don't say rain. Don't say Wednesday night. Don't say "not on the schedule." We've done it before. So why is this a trend throughout?
Is it? It still says Season 1 at the menu screen and my game is updated.
Season 2 starts July 2 though
I don't understand why you have to be disparaging. I haven't found this info anywhere.
Guys. I'm an FCC fan. Your referee tonight is Guido Gonzalez. We had him officiate in our USL days. He is by far, the worst official I've ever witnessed. He's showing it again here tonight.
It's really fucking terrible that a game can be decided by the man in blue on the pitch.
I just haven't been around the sub lately. I'm sorry for not seeing it. It's cool though.
This is a particular referee that works within PRO in MLS, USL, and USOC, and this particular referee who had done a few FCC matches is horrible. The actions of the fans should not be condoned. Still, I've never seen someone as blatantly bad as him. This match between Columbus and Atlanta was no different.
This has nothing to do with Cincy and their abysmal performance this year, but everything to do with USSFs negligence, and veteran players' lackadaisical attitude towards qualifying. Still can't get over how awful it was to watch them fail. It sticks with me. Winning 4-0 against Guyana is nothing to celebrate. We won't win anything in this cup.
How do we know she's doing an MLM?
Oh fuck I'm colorblind
I saw another "Fart" on Troutman!
Bruh is this for real
I would play more if the stranger missions worked even 90 percent of the time
My roommate gets mad if I disagree with him when he calls Kanye a genius. Like seriously mad.
Yes! Thanks OP!
Can I upvote this more than once?
Why is the camera guy wearing a balaclava
Ground rule double. Anytime a ball is stuck, fielder puts their arms up to signal to the umpire crew.
Listening to Thom talk about soccer is hilarious.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
That was fun!
I work in the industry and I’ve never seen this done at such an extreme level
I just get hung up on the word, even if he is extremely talented.
All STL right now
Well he did pass the ball right to a Saint Louis player in the final 3rd
It’s true. He’s been decent.
I have an Italian keyboard and this has definitely happened to me. OPs title is wrong. It does auto-correct to whatever language the keyboard is - at least on G board. Can happen.
Well Far Rockaway is somehow Queens so the rules are obviously relaxed.
Ahh what could’ve been
He’s slow, I’m humbly certain I could run faster.
I mean...
Kind of fun to watch despite being down 2-0. Good pressure, good possession.
It’s weird to say FCC dominated that half while being down 2-0. But that’s what it feels like. It kind of seems like LA is parking a bit but hey, positive momentum. Good passes and build up but with a lack of creativity in the box.
And I think that’s what I was referring to. Galaxy are comfortable but their midfield seems compromised. We’re getting some good attacks.
Is it correct to say this is Hasidic Judaism?
Oh that's helpful! Thanks!
It really upsets me that this is the top comment. There are serious misconceptions about people who take opiotes. Your statement comes from a place of anger and that's justified. But I think what's less understood is that these people are suffering from a disease. Depending on how much they've plummeted into addiction, their bodies could physically depend on heroin, so much so that if they quit, they could die from cardiac failure brought on by withdrawl. Sometimes the first initial bump is a choice, other times it's not. A seemingly well-to-do suburbanite who breaks their leg and starts prescription pain medications like Oxicodine is susceptible to seeking heroin once their medication run out. These people don't necessarily "want" the drug but need it. It's like a hunger that can't be satiated. A mental and physical dependency. A person steeped in addiction has a hard time expressing rational thoughts like hygiene and safety of others. They are only driven to fulfill their cravings. So the answer to "what the fuck is wrong with these people," is that they can't even help themselves. They have a sickness, not unlike other deadly diseases and we should treat them as patients.
I'm a little curious how you haven't finished. I'm not trying to shame ya, because I personally think video games are 2nd to social lives. But is your life / job that packed where you can't finish the game within 242 days? On average you'd only have to play 17min a day or 2 hours a week to complete the campaign.
Exactly this. It's pretty offensive in how cartoony the character is.
It's offensive that this is possible in rockstar character creation
Because she's so ugly
Makes sense. I agree with the spoiler tags too.
Are you insinuating they're following your stream? Because 1) that would be presumtiuous of you 2) streaming is a risk for this reason If you're not, than GG. That was impressive.
Wow this is great research. Good read!
r/nocontext
One of the biggest cities in North America and the only MLB team in Canada = lots of support
Broooooklyn
This team can't write-off anyone or it's 2017 all over again.
Absolute class
I unfortunately feel the same
Yeah he's a weird guy. Definitely not a content creator.
I think I was at this game and we won 2-1. Ledesma scored on no angle from deep inside the right side of the box.
You can block him, yeah?
I think the badge and sponsor colors really really ruin it for me. It's a mess. Also PSA: Don't order from MLS store. Try downtown first and foremost!
It sucks that everyone remembers him for being an assignment. I do too.
Guys wtf is going on
Wtf
I'm really really confident that if Lionel Messi walked down the streets of any medium or large city in the US, he'd be regonized and adored.
Why are you 1) bringing up hipsters 2) and assuming that hipsters don't understand soccer?
Right. It's a fair assumption that people in Europe would definitely notice them more often. But it feels like people in the US are much more privy to global soccer than they were 10 years ago.
The British gave us this system, we never wanted it. We're just stuck with it.
FUCK
Man you know so much more about soccer than I do and it's absolutely insane. Whether you're right or wrong about her philosophy doesn't matter, your ability to assess the game and hypothesize rationale is mindboggling.
Just because we won doesn't mean American colonists, who were already using the system, were keen to switch within a stabilizing populace. We weren't well educated outside of the new ruiling class and the metric system hadn't even been adopted by the British until the mid 1960s. Now we're a country of 350 million people. Geographically, we're far enough from Europe and vaster with less countries around us, where industry, construction, and road infrastructure built upon the Imperial System don't really confuse anyone. It's the same explanation as to why many Americans don't speak anything other than English. There's not the same necessity as there is in Germany, France, or Switzerland to learn multiple languages because these countries border several other countries that share different customs and cultures. Still, I think in the near future converting to the metric system will be necessary. Soon it'll catch up with us. In schools kids are learning Spanish earlier too.
TBF I might not have recognized him either. But yeah doesn't have the same star power as Beckham or Messi.
You don't think anyone would recognize him? I'm just saying that he'd be noticed by at least some people.
Huh weird. That sounded normal to me.
A lot of people say English soccer commentary is among the most bland and passionless. I usually like it.
Yeah the weirdest thing about this broadcast is the seemingly American baseball guy making this comparison, then later adding that the left field wall "isn't quite the green monster," like what dude. It made me laugh.
Never never never worth throwing at players on purpose. It's absolutely criminal and is not justified by anything.
This attitude is asinine. Hitting players and risking injury, old-school and barbaric. Stupid and bush league. Anyone calling for this is just huffing and puffing, acting over masculine.
Now this is comedy
Help
Get a 16mm cutting board and appropriate adhesive. Make it happen my friend!
It’s pretty crazy when u rally think about it
Are these the same people who have that building on Bushwick Ave with all of the Egyptian stuff?
One time I was playing baseball, leading off from second and the other team got me on a hidden ball trick. Tagged me out. I cried in front of everyone.
Why does the dog have his own house?
Photo is imbedded within a TMZ newscast 1:15 in but not before a 30 second add for DayQuil that pauses to buffer.
Hiroshima Carp baseball team in Japan. They play at the highest level in NPB. The C on the cap and primary red was introduced in 1973 and likely influenced by the Cincinnati Reds who were on their way to building one of the most impressive teams in history. The Magikarp Pokemon stuffed animal is some fun marketing at play. If you're looking for a team to support, I highly recommend Hiroshima - not only for the aesthetic similarities - but for the [rich fandom they have](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Il8j2D66FEI). Also, their park is beautiful.
Yuck
I was probay around 12 or 13. Fell for the old trimming armor trick. Traded my full mith to a guy. He took it and ran. I made a new account and impersonated a jagex employee, demanded he traded my items back to my other character _____ when I logged back on or receive a ban. I logged off, and waited 10-15min to try and sell it. I logged back on my main and he immediately apologized and traded me my mith back.
Check my articles posted in my other comment. It features 3 deaths of people using phones connected to wall outlets that fell in the bathtub.
Honestly, that's all we can do is revel in our own lives. Not much we can do as average citizens if our governments want to start a war.
The people will always be the first casualties in any escalation
I don't know, pre GE there were countless player interactions. Lots of haggling in places like seers village which was booming with players trading. It was a beautiful site and really showed how fun mmorpgs could be. I bought my first whip from some guy. It felt like a reward to haggle and get my price - the exact amount of money I had.
"The US has a soccer team?" - Iran
I think I was wrong about this from the beginning. There's a greater conspiracy here. Seiko and other manufacturers have firsthand knowledge of an impending climate event in which all of the world's ice melts at an expedited rate, raising the water levels faster than previous calculations suggested, creating an Ocean World and submerging Earth's ditizens into the depths. Many perish but those who survive do so because of the Seiko 5 SNZF15K1 wristwatch. They are able to navigate the dark waters with the lume on the hands, descend in search of food while their bezel keeps track of their time underneath the surface, and kill a variety of fish with the Hardlex window. Eventually, the only powers that are left are watch manufacturers who jockey over the remaining amphibious populace who have now organized tribes. Each clan amasses based on dive watch allegiance and pledge themselves to their pagain gods: Rolex, TAG Heuer, Omega, and Seiko.
Hey these are nice reasons.
Thats just a nickname silly
Yeah, well, I am, and the post is a little elitist as it is.
Man. That's crazy.
It's an abyssmal effort if this is the real thing. It's bad. We now have white, black, orange, blue, and navy on this kit.
We have a new away kit, but we're getting a new home kit this year per FO.
Yes authentics for both kits this time around.
I like the current away kit better than this - although this is still good.
Correct.
Not sure. I heard it had something to do with the short run-up last year where the FO didn’t get much of a say on the kits. [Here are some official details from MLS.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.mlssoccer.com/post/2019/12/03/fc-cincinnati-unveil-new-2020-jersey-heritage-link-kit-showcases-city-motto-german%3Famp)
I was impressed by Ray Romano who seemed to be enjoying the whole spectacle.
Nobody has a clue. A lot of the other merch has randomly included black as well.
Waiting on at least 1 more deal. I think Lindor is out but Ozuna could be in.
Seems like a good signing, but he's not the kind of high-caliber impact player I'd expect.
Dude yeah! Old School Runescape is poppin' - it's remastered from the 2007 version of the game. Plugging r/2007scape here. Fun to dick around on it for a nostalgia kick. Good time killer.
Yes, as long as you know your user and password (or recovery questions). Unfortunately your old account is tied to the latest iteration of the game, Runescape 3, which is effectively an improved and very different version to what you remember. However, all of your stats and items will remain as you last left them. You can log-in to the Old School client with the same account info, but you’ll have to start from the very beginning with a new avatar.
Mods love this post.
I'm renaming my account Joey Botto
I'd argue baseball fits 1897 better than dueling. At this time, the Cincinnati Reds, the Pittsburgh Pirates, and the first iteration of the Cleveland Indians, the Spiders were around. Dueling is largely misrepresented and rarely happened during these times. But still, I'd love to have both. I miss dueling in RDR.
No doubt about it. Someone recently insisted to me that he was one of the worst on the team. What an absolute shame that his average was completely disregarded.
Kremchek is great
Go cyclones!
I've fucked off the Bengals for exactly this reason. Mike Brown is among the most disgusting owners. The people saying you've got to stick it out for your team have never been Bengals fans, which is one step below absolute masochism. At best, this team gets to the playoffs once every 3-4 years and loses the first round. At the worst, the organization is an example of the most appauling corporate takeover of city and county funds with egrigious negligence to public opinion and the well-being of the community. The Bengals are a stain and the faster they leave, the better we are. -Mike Brown was the only owner to vote against an otherwise unanimous decision to end football blackouts. -Mike Brown previously prevented and subsequently delayed the city from building a multi-use outdoor music venue nearby the stadium. -Mike Brown and Hamilton County Commissioners pledged to give back to property owners 30 percent of the sales tax collected in the form of a reduction on the stadium tax bill but have not fulfilled the clause. -Carson Palmer who was arguably the Bengals best quarterback since Boomer, demanded his release after poor treatment from the organization. -Mike Brown forced the county's hand to issue a land swap with the adjacent sediment and gravel business to build a 2,000 space parking lot and possibly an indoor training facility - all paid for by taxpayers. -Mike Brown has no interest in winning. Mike Brown is cheap. Mike Brown is content with mediocrity and is active in day-to-day GM roles.
Translated &gt;Aiming for a major challenge # Shogo Akiyama has officially decided to join Cincinnati Reds (@Reds)! As the first Japanese player in the history of Reds, we will take a new step to exceed everything! GO! SHOGO! #Saitama Seibu Lions #seibulions #Reds #GOSHOGO
I'm absolutely unconvinced of this account you're responding to. This user has amassed over 2,000 karma in one night with several hundred different comments, posting to almost every niche sub under the sun for 12 hours straight, speaking a multitude of languages and offering conflicting comments. It really seems like an AI running a script in different subs, specifically offering similar keywords and phrases attached to the subject matter.
That's exactly what it is!
They're pretty ugly and have an expressed sameness about them - more than most other types of watches in my opinion. Your comparisons are ridiculous. Just because I don't see the point in a dive watch's features applied to the average man, doesn't mean I reject all material wealth, fashion, or general societal trends. Your logic is so black and white.
Except dive watches are unsubtle, loud and tacky, and have less variety than field watches.
It does not surprise me to see FC Cincinnati high on this list. Cincinnatian's - for whatever reason - have an unparalleled love for Florida vacations. South Carolina is a very close second.
Agreed, but on the other hand, Red Bulls is spooky and Toronto looks dated.
Can confirm: live in NYC. I talk about Ohio, wear Cincy merch, and am incessant. I play it cool around new people though. My roommates basically think I'm a clown.
Does that say "leave your women?" Lol am I missing something about the myth of Ohio women?
Have a coffee. We are all alive and that is such a short and awesome thing.
Cincy chili is not loved equally by other Ohio people.
Lol um
There's a lot of good strap manufacturers out there, some local, that do amazing work.
For the most part, it's a different market completely. Apple Watches fall in the tech sphere. People buying $1000+ watches are doing it for clout or fashion.
I think it's a little conceded for you to suggest I'm being taken advantage of by a micro brand. Everyone doesn’t need a Seiko to have a reliable timepiece. Seiko is fine, but it’s still a bargain bin watch under $1,000. You don't need to do what everyone else does. If a local brand with good reviews, and good quality for the price is your taste, than so be it.
You have nothing to worry about. That is a crazy statement.
I wear the Reds away hat primarily. My roommate calls it my Trump hat. I just laugh and walk away.
It has a Japanese made movement, assembled in China or Hong Kong. Most watches holistically assembled in the US cost thousands of dollars. If the movement is US made it's even more. This watch should be looked at as an affordable alternative, but with all the trappings of a desirable trench watch.
No.
You're fine my dude
You're delusional. Absolutely untethered.
Applied numerals and painted with lume. Hard to see it straight on but from the side the numbers have definition above the face.
This fact alone means nothing of consequence. He could be traded after this. He could even be traded before this. Either way, Indians might be hearing offers until March. On the Reds front, any likelihood of securing Lindor is dwindling. There haven't been any new rumors or leaks, and sources have said we're closer to a Castellanos deal. I just don't think the Reds have the resources to pull a guy like Lindor to Cincinnati without giving up a rookie like Senzel or VanMeter - and I doubt they're willing to part with these guys.
Dumbass
I'm thinking about you.
You're fucked
We don't even know what happened to the plane yet. The Iranian government is not a victim, but starting a war is absolutely stupid.
Oh wow you really do have a few screws loose. My apologies for the previous insult.
Can't win em all
Nice! I guess the real estate gig is over with?
Legend
Beautiful
Did a quick dive into Shinola after seeing your link. I actually find these really clean and simple and I like the colors they offer on the case and strap. But for the movement and parts, they are a bit expensive and I paid significantly less for an NH71. Still pretty cool that they're assembling these in the US, albeit with internal parts from elsewhere like China. So it's still not American made even if it's American assembled. The effort is there and I hope more of the industry can make it back to the US with affordable prices. I would absolutely buy one if it were cheaper.
Shotout to Trogdor in this clip
Yo these girls are fineeeeee
Hell yeah brother. Can you play RuneScape mobile on iyV thank Will it update in dif not time sones?
Damn dude.
This font is gorgeous.
$40-50K isn't that much money for an annual salary. The task itself is obviously ridiculous, so the fact that he gets paid at all is pretty awesome. Still, that's a blue collar life, and not an easy one if he has a spouse and kids.
It is good but needs to be better. The addition of Shogo, Moose are huge pluses.
Aquino, baby
I see this word thrown around a lot in Brooklyn and I don't even know the definition anymore. I usually just chalk it up to "white people."
Wouldn't rare Reds cards of him be highly valued if he were to be traded and break out?
I'm a Cincy fan through-and-through but I saw some Pens games last year at Barclays and man they were fun. Two of the best hockey games I've seen in my life. Both went to OT.
Particularly, Casey Stengel's comments are absolutely hilarious. I've never heard a manager of a club speak so candidly and with so much humor.
-1 goal in league play 2019 -1 DUI -Vocal about wanting to leave Cincinnati I'd say his time is up and I'm willing to bet Jans and company agree. Based on no credible rumors, I'd say they cut him early but maybe after the season begins.
Dun dun dunnuhnuh dun dun dunnuhnuh, start spreading the news
I wouldn't say Ken Burns is anti-Mets but I would say he has a strong and dominating appreciation for the Dodgers and Yankees. The whole series becomes one big New York doc.
Yeah, it would be a loss, and a big one at that. I don't know if any other club would want him.
This whole info graphic is suspect because LA is arguably a bad baseball town. It blows my mind that they're ranked that high. If you go to games in LA, you'll be met with a half-full stadium of transplants in fresh Dodgers gear and some scattered wackos who will stab you if you dare support the Giants. The stadium itself is surrounded by a huge parking lot and the Exodus to the confines involves jay-walking through traffic, making you realize the Dodgers' namesake is still applicable to guests who have to dodge Priuses sporting Midwestern license plates. You can't even settle in and get a drink near the stadium before making your way into the park. Yeah, the Dodgers' have had success but all anyone cares about is the history of this team in Brooklyn and Jackie Robinson (who wanted nothing to do with the move to LA).
I could make out some of it, but good on those who did the legwork translating it.
I think they resolved those rules by 1899
This is what imeant to share! I only realized this wasn't the sleeve version after I posted here. That is by far the best version. I'd love to see your jersey. I have never seen anyone wear a Taubensee uniform EVER. Also Koch's does customs?!?! I know a bunch of eBay people do knockoffs of this but I don't trust them at all. Would love to know more.
Oh that's great. I just want to make sure I'm not getting screwed. I'll look them up! Ty my friend!
Upvote for honesty
Fuuuuck
Moscow is probably pretty dope as long as you’re not gay / bi / trans / politically dissenting / a journalist.
American League is different from the American Association and wasn’t established till the turn of the 20th century.
Np - it’s all pretty confusing. Many leagues over the last 100+ Years.
Cincinnati Reds Museum! It’s right next to GABP.
Sean Casey, famous Red Sox player
Thanks for the heads up. You know anything about O’Donnell’s? &gt;Once in the stadium, you will probably outnumber us. Wouldn’t be so sure about that. Opening day for Red Bull’s has got to dwarf our numbers.
Well at least you beat NYCFC more often than not.
I would guess 50-75 or so. We had about 60 for NYCFC. I wasn’t there for the match at Red Bull’s last year but I think it was decent.
It’s just a joke man. Only the most extreme Dodger fans are actually taking this seriously. I think most people are pissed but would rather see 2017 with an asterisk than giving the title to another team.
Put an asterisk next to the series. Honestly.
Tougher on Astros fans than anyone. I feel for you guys. You must be gutted. I hope for better years ahead for you, the Astros, and all of baseball. Right now it’s a sad time.
Baseball doesn’t forget. Social media, pop-culture become forgot, but baseball never does.
The Reds up 2-0 in the 2012 NLDS and subsequently dropping 3 games at home. I was stunned. Granted, the Giants won the World Series that year. It wasn't so much about the Reds being bad, but the Giants being unbelievable.
Asterisk on official merchandise, on their banner at the stadium, in the record books. Revoking WS is more complicated.
1) why does this even matter? It will all fall on deaf ears, no one will learn anything and the Senate will aquit the president. 2) have we learned nothing about bad press or damning evidence? It just doesn't work with Trump. I just can't wait for this to be over. Anyone getting their hopes up is lying to themselves. He will use executive authority to deny key witnesses from testifying. The Senate will ignore anything remotely incriminating, and the beat will go on for the GOP. Anyone who is guilding this post - stop. This, unfortunately, is nothing.
From powerpuff girls...?
The best thing about this is they fucking lavaliered the trashcan.
This is some mental gymnastics, man. I get that you're disillusioned by what happened and want to feel justified if all teams holistically embraced sign stealing via camera and monitor, but that's not the spirit of this game. The competition ends up happening off the field with better camera positions, higher resolution, and faster transmitting speeds. None of these variables are observable or beneficial to the fan. I feel bad for you and all the fans, but this is not the answer.
There's some truth to this, but we should expect a better product. Baseball isn't immune to controversy, every decade there's something damming about the way the game is being played. The Astros did this, and other teams are likely doing the same. We need to get rid of it and punish those responsible.
"Hey Brian, how do you open a .AVI?" "For fucks say, you told me you could do this."
Mobin couldn't hack it
But it's fun, Jan.
I didn't know people were bringing it up
At this point, we don't have specific written rules outside of Reddit rules. If we wanted to, we could draft rules as a community?
Perhaps a megathread could encapsulate a certain high-volume news break when we have them (like Gaston), while most of the rest of the sub remains untouched aside from removing posts that belong in the megathread?
Appreciate the response and I can say I agree with you that more moderation should be done for low-effort posts (especially during chaotic times). However, I think it's important to establish what is 'low-effort'? There's certainly a lot of grey area here and maybe as a community we can suggest what 'low effort' clutter entails? I know you mentioned a specific post but maybe you have some other distinguishing criteria.
Lots of comments about low-effort. Thanks! And yeah, in general, Reddiquette says don't downvote unless the comment is blatantly disparaging or off-topic. Unfortunately, most of reddit refuses this informal rule - including this sub. It's just what it is and there's not much to be done about it besides reminding people.
Appreciate it, u/brucewaynewins!
Appreciate that. Yes I agree, the banner needs an overhaul.
That's an interesting thought. I guess anyone could hijack whichever flair they wanted despite how long they've actually been around the sub. I'm thinking it would probably have to be an honor system? Not sure if it's possible to actually restrict flair in the way you're suggesting (but I might be wrong).
Agree with everything you said. We'll make sure to lookout for more self-promotion and repeat posts. Reddiquette is a different story. I think we can do a thread sometime soon reminding everyone how upvoting and downvoting work, hopefully without being too patronizing. Still, it can't be completely resolved. People will still downvote based on what they don't agree with, which I think is more of a flaw with the system in general.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean by media link? Like a Google Drive page? We could probably filter some content with a megathread.
I think your post is fine. But you bring up a good point, defining low-effort might be important and this sounds like it could come in the form of some clear sub rules. Like I mentioned above, there's a lot of grey area.
So if we're taking this literally the time frame is now - June 20th
We're not talking about anyone specifically. We usually do a State of Sub every year. It's just a good opportunity to find out what the community wants for the new season. I personally don't have much of an opinion on what gets posted and sometimes I don't even know who is posting. So, this shouldn't be a discouragement to you or anyone. The only difference might be that we ask users to use a megathread during high-traffic periods.
It's a good question and I've asked myself that too. I think most everything for SGs is fair game as long as it doesn't clutter or overtake the community. The only exception to this criteria would be actively selling merchandise with direct links, or advertising deals / price changes. However, that's just my personal opinion. Would love to hear other users reflect on this topic. In general, I think it's more of a discretion thing for OP to ask themselves, "Is this relevant to other users?" We haven't had any issues with SGs in the past, so I trust everyone.
&gt;If you're ever looking to grow the mod team I'd be interested. Thanks for the offer. Stay tuned on this. We'll be talking about this publicly very soon.
:D
Loud and clear. I think megathreads have their purpose, especially for instances like these. I'm starting a trial on the page to see how well it works with rumors and speculative discussions. If it doesn't work, we can move on from it. We keep coming back to rules, and I agree, they need to be drafted. I'll open up a separate thread in the coming days in order to see how the community wants to draft them. Users will create them, not the mods.
Gaston created this. We cannot stop him. He is our god.
Exactly!
I think for now, we'll see how the rumor thread does. I doubt that we'll do them as frequently as weekly. &gt;Moderators need to do a better job managing those who shit on rumor posts when it crosses the line. Point taken. We'll keep a sharper eye out.
Understood. I think having this as a trial run will give us a better idea if it's something worth keeping or not.
You kidding me? He's elusive, it's part of his identity.
&gt; The way that megathread is written, people can't even post line-up/formation speculations anymore. Only official sources will be allowed now? Is this a community or a newsfeed? Sorry. This was confusing. My bad. I mean any rumors and speculations. Official is the wrong word. Basically, for rumors dealing with Gaston or other players - those will be posted to the megathread. Confirmed signings will be posted to the sub page.
Because they were women?
Found it cleaning some stuff out. Never saw a card of him on the White Sox.
If all this advertising means better facilities and track improvements, then I'm all for it... Is what I would have said if I were a fucking idiot.
Thanks for the reply. I think overmoderation is a huge issue on Reddit and I'd hate for this sub to get that way.
Understood, we're just running a trial for it for now.
Just a trial run for now!
Adi-os.
These are good ideas
Is this a reference to the Astros? &gt;Buzzed, garbage, signs, steal, bang
Oh man I'm sure he loves reliving this /s
Uhh, maybe watch this and the Klaus, you'll go to bed happier.
Yep! I went to this match. It was awesome. FC Cincinnati set the attendance record for soccer in Ohio prior to this. Weeks later it was destroyed by 80,000+ at the match at Ohio Stadium.
During the steroid period it was Congress.
Really sucks that they weren't included in the deal. Vicious.
Banner submissions go here.
Rule suggestions go here.
Flair suggestions go here.
Are you a member of Hangar 937, if so, can you send mod mail a png 64px x 64px?
Uhhhhhhhhhhh....
Hello stranger
Sir
Nah, I call my roommate daddy
Will do
Jimmy added. Check user flair. Adding more this weekend.
Added, check user flair.
Added, check user flair
Such a fantastic photo
Added.
64x64px png!
Would you mind sending me a 64x64px png
Looking into it! Edit: Done
Yes! EDIT: Done!
Neither, just people who hail from indiana
Coming up! Edit: Done!
Not sure where to get this.
Added the "Simple" version you sent me too!
This is jersey
This was removed because we're having a lot of traffic on the sub and/or because we already have several threads discussing a similar topic. Perhaps this can work as a comment!
Added the flair for you! Also, Imgur is a great option for uploading images and sharing them through comments. You can also direct message me or the mods :)
nice
Yep! Want text or an image?
Sure thing, my friend!
You're welcome!
Done!
Yes, had to be within 48 hours. It appears he wasn't claimed off waivers so he'll go to free agency.
I once got happy New Year'd in March. It's pathetic.
try refreshing? I just updated it
Nah not you, pretty sure I just messed up the sizes on Photoshop. Taking it down on desktop for now. Appreciate you letting me know!
Plan B is me putting on a kit and running out there
Would you say the same about Jackie Robinson? Whether you like it or not, it's a big deal. I personally don't care if someone is gay or straight but a lot of people do care and those people shame others for the way they live. Gay people are discriminated against more than your average person, so having a gay woman in the pros is great. She is open about her sexuality and was still hired based off merit. That's something worth championing.
&gt;I'd argue that its just that not a lot of women decide to go for pro-football coaching positions and, statistically speaking, even fewer lesbian women. Man you have absolutely no statistics on this. Even if you did, the point is moot. Anytime you have any minority break through and become a first, it's worth celebrating. It does no harm to you to at least recognize the gravity of the matter. &gt;More power to this woman, but the identity politics everywhere is tiresome. In 1947 would you roll your eyes and say, "Ugh a black man playing pro baseball for the first time, I'm sick of these identity politics"? Come on man, it's someone being accepted through orientation in a culture that often bashes homosexuals, and she's winning through merit. She's talented. She's apart of a Super Bowl team. &gt;Isn't progress because there hasn't been a rule against being gay and working in the NFL since before I was born. There wasn't a rule about not being able to play pro baseball EVER. It was a gentleman's agreement between owners that they would disallow blacks. Otherwise, blacks were "free" in this country but still it was an illusion of freedom as many institutions disallowed them and segregated them regardless.
&gt;I’d say in an ideal world it shouldn’t matter. It really shouldn't but it does because you have people actively protesting the rights of gay people in the US. &gt;I’d also say that comparing 2020 to 1947 can’t be anymore night and day really. That women today are not oppressed in any of the same ways that black people were back then. Yeah that's fair, but her being a woman - and gay - is a first for the NFL, and that's still on par for what Jackie did, as he was a first too.
It's important regardless of how you splice it. The people getting upset about this are the ones sensitive to minorities making headlines.
I'm not losing sleep over it, you're the one who's upset at the end of the day.
Redpill troll on Reddit: -says "cringe" in a serious context -mad about coverage of gay woman in Superbowl
Carry on, cheers dude.
He's already wearing the rune plate, he's fresh off his adventure, basking in the glory and still sporting his battered anti-dragon shield. EDIT: I'm colorblind
Booooooo Liverpool
I can understand why
@fccincinnati
So I did some more research on this place and it appears they don't open till the afternoon on Sunday's (bummer). I emailed and asked if they'd be able to open earlier for a big group but didn't get a response. We changed things up and will be pregaming near the 33rd street path train at an Irish dive. Thanks for info!
Don't think it's always as obvious as you might think. Some homeless people are walking around with nice jackets and shoes either from donations or prioritizing good looking clothes over other necessities. Could've also had nicer clothes before they lost their homes.
Interesting. Is USL League Two going to have these types of feeder teams for Championship clubs, or is this an anomaly?
I know Jake Edwards talked about some implementation of pro/rel by the mid 20s, I wonder how that would work with U23's and B clubs within the system?
Did...did you just credit Josh Satin as...'eyebrows?'
Could definitely just be people sleeping after a bender. Who the hell knows. Either way, MTA is miserable sometimes because of this and an unlimited list of other things.
Only good thing about this photo is Tyton.
lol what?
Cincy fan coming in peace. This is the exact issue we had with him. It just never seemed like he had the hustle. Frequently lazy, went down easily despite his size advantage, extremely frustrating to watch given his potential. That said, with a familiar like Porter and a rivalry instate, he might be more motivated than ever.
Link?
Oh that's interesting. This is the first time I've seen it in a long while.
NYRB away!
I don't think it's right to bask in the anger of others. It just seems like wasted energy, honestly. Not to mention, this comment reads like T\_D user. It's the same type of conversation over there. A community that feels jaded over something, and collectively shares in the disappointment of other people. Let's not make it uglier than it has to be. I don't believe the Astros should be stripped of anything. It sets a dangerous precedent for the future. I also don't think many people expect the Astros to be stripped of a title. It's just a small group of people in LA.
Ah gotcha!
Hey sorry about this. I didn't remove your post but I reviewed the log. Looks like it had a couple reports. However, given the context, I feel like this should've stayed up. We'll be better.
You said cat eyeliner and I suddenly asked myself, "they make eyeliner for cats?"
I live in the area and man, if there's one thing I've learned, don't fuck with dump trucks. Every single dump truck driver is fucking batshit insane. Also Jersey Turnpike, BQE, and the Belt Parkway are all death traps. People drive fast and sneak in to your lane with 0 space.
This is fucking sad. She's really trying to contextualize what's happening. You can read it plain as day on her face. Goddamn.
I'm fine with this if the option is good
&gt;Am I the only one who's happy when dickheads like this get hurt or worse? This is fucked &gt;just cause you can't afford a car This isn't the case for all people who ride bikes. You are really ignorant, my friend. Is this bicyclist stupid? Yes. Does he deserve death, no.
Probably less dramatic than that. He probably knows submitting his DNA will only provide indisputable evidence in the traffic-stop murder and will jeopardize his next parole hearing in 2027. In general, it seems like he acted on impulse. This doesn't seem like premeditated murder, but premeditated harassment that turned ugly. I don't think there's any reason to believe he's killed others.
Castellanos in RF makes a lot of sense. I saw Aquino predicted for an every day starter in RF but this doesn't seem likely. I always thought Akiyama would play CF for some reason.
I wouldn't doubt it outright but LF to SS is a huge transition. I think Senzel is better equipped for it as a former second baseman.
Akiyama replacing Winker in LF. Not a bad idea to get a price for Aquino but I'd like to keep some young talent in the mix. Schebler is still on assignment in AAA.
Senzel and Winker for Lindor
I wouldn't be too dramatic. Trading Senzel would be a huge risk/reward but there are still plenty of young-gun position players involved in the team, including Van Meter, Winker, Ervin, Aquino, and Blandino, all who have yet to reach their full potential. Senzel would obviously be one piece and another player would go with him in a trade for Lindor. Still, the FO is doing well. They're not afraid to take risks, but it's definitely not "everything but the kitchen sink." It's a measured approach to building success.
u/madman1101: "why did anyone think he would take up a dp spot if he isnt on the roster? what the fuck? thats not even a question."
lol i'm not convinced he's not Jeff.
I would say that's a great guess
Honestly, I hate this in NFL because it's often cumbersome in reality, and delays the game furthermore.
We all have this great Wizard of Oz anticipation for who the officials are in New York but then the stadium PA cracks and out comes the voice of just some regular guy from Queens: "Uh itssa ball cuz uh, ya know, the freakin' thing was way outside. How the fuck is anyone gonna hit that shit. Anyways, go Mets."
Glad that's over.
They did add a brand new alt jersey and a few teams have been making significant changes too (see Pittsburgh). Also San Diego.
Wonderful stuff
Drinks on me!
Yeah I feel like road is in most need of one.
Oh that's interesting. I'll figure it out.
Indians have seem hesitant on trading Lindor from the get-go. Could be they're asking for a lot. On the other hand, wheelin' and dealin' is new for the Reds
I'm sure other people mentioned that he took steroids, which should eliminate him from HoF contention.
god damn son
"Hey Scooter, uh it's the Reds again, was uh, wondering if you could play short? Don't want to make things weird, just thought we'd reach out. Okay, buddy."
You have to understand that the Reds have spent more in free agency this year than they have in the last decade. The Reds have never been this ambitious since signing Griffey Jr. There's a lot to be excited about, including Castellanos.
There are many contenders. The Indians certainly are one of them but they also know their window is closing. &gt;The Indians don't need to trade Lindor. Everyone saw them trade Kluber and got the wrong idea. Takes two to tango. No one's got the wrong idea, the Indians are coming to the table. So there's something in it for them. Trading Lindor might not be their first choice, but getting younger position players for him might help Cleveland in the long run.
The earliest I can remember is installing AOL on those discs they sent you. Booting up the internet took at least 5 minutes. Kicked off if someone uses the landline. Some slightly older people probably know a lot more about the earliest consumer iterations.
Why?
Nice rendering JL, bad kit if only for the sameness across the league.
&gt;The [Cincinnati Reds](https://www.thescore.com/mlb/teams/22), [Los Angeles Dodgers](https://www.thescore.com/mlb/teams/26), and [Cleveland Indians](https://www.thescore.com/mlb/teams/7) discussed a three-team trade earlier this offseason that would have sent Lindor to the Dodgers, Seager to the Reds, and prospects to the Indians, reports [The Athletic's Ken Rosenthal](https://theathletic.com/1566861/2020/01/28/rosenthal-with-nick-castellanos-in-the-fold-what-happens-next-for-the-reds/). But they actively discussed a trade with Lindor in it, if they absolutely weren't interested in trading Lindor, why are there concrete details about this deal? Additionally from the Athletic: &gt;Infielder/outfielder Nick Senzel and right-hander Hunter Greene, both mentioned in the Lindor discussions.. Again, I don't think trading Lindor is the Indians first choice and they may be more choosey in other discussions (if they happen), but it's clear he hasn't been off the table.
Weird. Seems like the club kept this under wraps for a bit. No idea. Simple surgery though. Dietrich had it. I had it. It's a short recovery time and minimally invasive.
Same. I had it in my knee and was walking unassisted the same day.
honestly what the fuck
&gt;I know it's fun to follow rumors. But it's important to remember what "discussed" actually means and doesn't mean I'd argue you're getting caught up in the semantics of it. Rosenthal specifically stated that talks had fallen through, to me that means there's trade interest, regardless of whether the Indians FO is stating it or not. This isn't just a rumor. But hey, agree to disagree. EDIT: For clarity, I'm not downvoting you. Not sure who that is.
they make adult diapers, man. nothing wrong with pissing yourself.
GABP does it well. Also Minnesota.
Might be kind of strange given how brief it is. It works for the Reds because they're over 100 years old. Might be cool to show a timeline of all Cincinnati soccer though. Like Rose Lavelle's comeup, the establishing of CUP, SAY, then eventually FCC.
Nick Hagglund, Cincy Native, Defender of Zlatan.
*people doing the wave FTFY
Holy shit that is one ugly kit. I kinda want to be a Karen and send the league / adidas a strong worded email.
Serious question: is Gold Star *that bad?* I haven't had it since I was 9 years old. I don't remember anything spectacular about it but I also don't remember it being repulsive.
What about the guys on the pitch
Sorry lil kamp, I don't believe a word.
Please link tweets with exact body as title, if possible.
No worries, a new rule we added last week that's still fresh. Gonna take time for it to stick.
Happy to be of assistance, my friend!
Can you please post translation as title next time around?
Ight im gonna go and drive my truck on the sidewalk now. It's clearly legal.
Much appreciated!!
Like wtf is going on and how did meme people and children become reputable
Oh for sure, I'm not mad about it, it's been fun, and an unlikely turn of events.
I certainly agree. A lot of passionate people who might do well covering the team themselves.
Can you post the exact headline in the title of your post next time? &gt;FC Cincinnati closing in on deal for Brighton’s Jürgen Locadia Just easier for people looking for info, they can directly see it on the page without having to click on the article which they may or may not have a subscription to.
No worries, my friend!
Can you copy tweet body into your title next time, easier for navigating the sub!
Can you copy the tweet body into your title next time? Thanks!
tytytytyty
Thanks now *WE* get to beat you 7-0
Hey Pat and Laurel do fine jobs, sir.
very ty
Oh that's right we weren't that bad.
I probably would've done anything other than watch that match if I had a chance to go back in time.
Man. Can it get worse for Nashville? 6K ticket sales, stalled stadium, bad kit, bad badge. Hopefully the team performs better than recent expansion clubs...
Dude when I go to other subs, I'm like wow mods suck, what losers acting like they actually control shit.
I think they'll get close to 10K. I do think the stadium will get done but the PR for the moment is bad. Not a big fan of the color, even if the kit is largely unoffensive. But anyway, all that matters is winning at the end of the day, and Nashville will certainly do more than FC Cincinnati did.
That's great news
Garbage considering Chicago and Cleveland droughts and not having won anything in the modern era of baseball until very recently. This pyramid is more like a 10-year ranking.
i can't even focus on MLS right now. It doesn't even feel important.
These protests and subsequent violence by NYPD have woken me up. $6 Billion annual fund for these guys to beat up people. NYPD needs transparency, stripped budget, and citizen oversight committee.
Thank you for this. I've saved this post and I plan to share some of your talking points with others. Peace and love. Stay strong.
This is awesome. Thank you.
It's not politics it's civil rights and it demands conversation in all parts of our lives, even when it's inconvenient.
You guys may not like what he's saying but he's absolutely right. Between the Houston Astros getting away with cheating in 2017 and the commissioner and MLBPA fighting over agreements, a strike would be detrimental to the health of the game. Face it, baseball is below NBA and NFL in just about ever major category. A season must happen this year.
It's the same thing every time. Some Republican gets points for making some veiled statement against Trump or offers an empty protest vote, yet commit themselves to party and legislation time and time again. Nice effort, Romney, but I hope you actually give a shit.
apparently she said some inflammatory statements about calling 311 on her neighbors every time they broke social distancing procedures. I don't have the interview or anything. But that's the word going around. Take it with a grain of salt. She apparently stepped down. Anyway the ride was incredible, and even if she's a conflicted individual, it was still an amazing time with a good purpose at the heart.
When did you guys go over the bridge? We left after Mccaren
Hey I'm down to take another potentially devastating risk in a DP. In all seriousness, I'm for a deal with Locadia. He's looked good in two matches and I think forming the system around him would be good for FCC to get some stable footing for once.
Ah right, yeah we waited in the park and couldn't hear anyone speaking and didn't know the plan so left after about 10min. Bummer, I love going over the williamsburg, and with all of those people it wouldve been a sight
I've noticed it more often in bedstuy off of stuyvesant. personally, i dont mind it because im out of work, but yeah, ive had some go off at like 4am over here
Look at that hat though. It's among the best hats ever worn in the game of baseball.
I think the current uniforms are banal. They're fine and maybe someday they will be looked upon favorably. I thought for sure we would get some a big overhaul in uniforms this year after last years 150 anniversary, but we're stuck with them. At least the new alternate home looks okay.
Besides Trump toeing the line of fascism, do we have any legitimate concerns with him consolidating power if he loses in November?
X successful passes, X shots on goal, goals, assists, tackles. From my limited experience watching soccer, most of the important things are observable like whether the player is in formation or creating space. You won't see the same obsession with statistics from soccer fans as you would with baseball fans.
Absolutely. Don't those vest monitors have something to do with increased analytics (as well as vital signs and such)?
love to see the support in brooklyn, hope we can keep making noise
LETS GO NY!!!!!
Just some of her legacy: -Called Eric Davis and Dave Parker "million dollar n****rs" -Kept a swastika armband around -Said "sneaky goddamn Jews are all alike" -Imitated Japanese prime minister's accent -Didnt want the Reds to win the world series because she'd pay more bonuses -Said before an owners conference call: "I would never hire another n*****. I'd rather have a trained monkey working for me than a n*****" -Said "Hitler was good in the beginning but went too far" -Didn't want her players to wear earnings because "only fruits wear earrings." -An umpire died on Reds Opening Day on the field. Video showed Schott visibly upset that the game was to be postponed; reportedly she groused, "Snow this morning and now this. I don't believe it. I feel cheated. This isn't supposed to happen to us, not in Cincinnati. This is our history, our tradition, our team. Nobody feels worse than me." more in this video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fYrT_Kk_gr0 Day-to-day she's likely one of the worst people you could've met.
This is great. Thank you.
5PM Saratoga park too
I’ll message you
I get what you’re saying. I try do other things besides this but a portion of activism is spreading awareness, marching and riding is just part of it.
Trust me, I’m not risking my health during a pandemic solely for virtue signaling.
All right man, you just want to argue. Have a good one.
This is huge for Ally in AV: “You can no longer climb the cliff and enter Dun Baldar near the Aid Station.” Wish they would’ve fixed shooting through the mountains, especially at STGY.
Backdoor us easier while we’re at SHGY
A gaming PC is way more expensive than a console.
Classic+ gang
Above average player with an insane OBP, 2.9 WAR. He deserves to be on this squad. Great player even if we don't expect another MVP title.
Home jerseys are still way too expensive at that price. Really detest the way they look.
This falls squarely on Rob Manfred. He is a disaster.
&lt;3
Well said.
I think it's just me but Pablo always seems to throw in a little dig somewhere within his tweets.
Lol yep
This is why policing is an issue, because public pressure forces them to do their job correctly.
&gt;BT, whirlwind, heroic strike/ cleave coming to this post late, but thanks for the rotation tips!
I'm just disgusted with how our country has treated this whole nightmare.
That's a good question. My instinct in OPs situation is to intentionally destroy it. Maybe the only way OP could justify breaking it was that it may be breaking FAA regulations? But either way, I'd be angry.
Fairly common drone, I'd imagine it's just someone flying it around and thought everyone chilling on the roof was a cool photo. But, you're right to feel suspicious. I'd be angry / weirded out.
I've worked on a few reality shows and it's not terrible. Crew is pretty down-to-earth and treat it like a job. It's a lot of work, low pay, and a healthy amount of directing. Usually the talent understands the dynamic and many of them ham it up and are happy to put on a show. But I agree nonetheless. It's pretty messed up to get kids and teenagers involved in false drama.
I think your roommate should speak out publicly about it. Yeah, she'll sever the bridge between her and The Eagle, but from a public health standpoint, it's her duty. If management is trying to conceal positive cases while making potentially infected persons work, they need to be ousted. If she gets fired for speaking out, she might have grounds for a lawsuit. This is pretty fucked up overall.
Get your rotations right. Don't be afraid to ask AOE DPS to tone it down. You can and should ask for threat building time. Clear trash if you think it will become an issue for the party/raid. Often times accidental pulls result in wipes, increasing time and lowering morale. When in doubt, clear the mob.
Yep. I started classic with a hope that TBC comes.
Thanks!!
A healthy vibrant OTR is in the best interest of all competing businesses.
Except....the people they are serving are potentially at risk...
Nah I didn't mean that. It's hard while being at a restaurant. I just meant that the CDC backed away from masks cause you to touch your face, to insisting you should wear a mask. It's still impossible to wear one while dining.
Right I was just saying the CDC backed away from the rhetoric about discouraging mask use because it involves touching your face. But you're right, it's difficult to wear a mask while eating out.
No problem! I live in a different city and had mine shipped! So that should be encouraging for you too.
Yayyy
I agree. I think we all need to move past it. I'm prepared for downvotes. The reality is, there's too much at stake. For European clubs that have restarted, that's great, but we just do not have it under control here in the US.
What a ridiculous and self-serving differentiation. She's on the books saying a litany of racist and anti-Semitic statements. This is such a sad display of wilfull ignorance.
It really was disgusting.
Why because only humans should have thunderfurry due to sword specialization racial?
What's your motivation for defending this woman? I'd argue that despite being presented with countless bits of evidence, you've denied the existence of something very real in favor for...what? Buzz phrases like confirmation bias are learned tools to discredit someone else without presenting anything that would prove my bias. I'm using actual evidence (TV interviews, phone calls, and player testimony) to corroborate my claims. You...are just burying yourself in the sand.
I just find it hard to understand your differentiation. Words are a form of action. What makes a racist if not by the words and their motivations?
[it says here that it's a real address](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/articles/115001257125-Suspicious-emails)
I gotcha. I didn't know they could hijack Jagex actual email addresses.
Tyvm
Oh I didn't click anything.
In regards to the Jans situation, much of this subreddit reacted very very poorly. I remember being completely blown away with the lack of respect and targeting of black players. That was a really ugly time and we're still seeing the reprecussions. That was one of the few days that I realized we have a lot to work on as a fanbase and a city.
