MaRo has explicitly said that he doesn't account for what's planned in the near future when placing things on the Storm/Beeble/Venser/Rabiah Scale. He once said that Madness was a 7 or 8 or so when he knew that it was in fact coming back in Shadows Over Innistrad, for example.
It's useless in predicting the near future, but it does tell us that, e.g., it was *unusual* for Madness to come back.
That does happen sometimes, yeah. I guess my point is that worrying about politicians is mostly a distraction from the real goal of convincing voters.
Well, no, I was just thinking "what's the most obnoxious deck I could put together to deliberately annoy people?" I would never actually build such a deck.
Sure, but when the government lies to the public, it's usually because they have something to gain. What does the government have to gain from fooling people into believing that vaccines don't cause autism?
No, you don't understand. All Trump supporters are completely unique individuals with nothing in common with one another whatsoever, while all *non*-Trump supporters are a homogenous hivemind!
&gt; Trumpets don't have a book where they draw inspiration for their subjugation or women, murdering of homosexuals, and attacks on non-believers. No, they have 4chan for that.
No, she's using the same argument that is used to defend Muslims with complete sincerity, with no self-awareness whatsoever.
It will win you the game eventually. The entire point is that it's an *annoying* way to win.
I mean, Disney does own Star Wars now...
I like Seth, but you do have a point. He speaks with a weird cadence that I can actually find literally nauseating at times, because it feels like it's building up to something that never comes.
Settle is a card you don't really *want* to hide. One of its most powerful qualities is acting as a deterrent. You can only actually cast a particular Settle once, but you can scare off potential attackers several turns in a row.
There's a lot of thought involved in playing around it.
&gt; Just curious, how’s that method working out? Well, we took back the House, so at least it's not a complete failure. Yes, it's making them angrier. No, it's not convincing them. It's not *supposed* to convince them - that's impossible. It's supposed to A, demoralize them, and B, convince other people to avoid associating with them. In these respects it's been highly successful. It does not make the divide between citizens bigger. The divide between citizens is already as big as it possible to get. There is nothing we can do to unilaterally make peace with people who hate us for no reason.
It's saying that 1 = -1, and from a contradiction, everything follows. If Democratic leaders "see their voters as slaves", then that implies that slavery was benevolent.
Too good for him. He'll die thinking he did nothing wrong and everyone's just being mean to him. I don't want him to escape until he fully realizes what a monster he is.
Sure, it could have been anyone. It could even have been Mr Rogers! Yes, I know he's supposed to be dead and would never have done such a thing, but he *coud* have secretly been a sociopath and faked his own death. Just because anything is possible does not mean that everything is equally probable. Declaring that the situation is uncertain and therefore all theories are equally valid does not make you "grown up", it makes you irrational.
To be fair, this guy has a history of rejecting presidents. What's impressive about it is that he's consistent.
**Xenoblade Chronicles** is particularly good at reflect story elements in its gameplay, especially as it involves the Monado. For example, it's established early on that Mechon armor is almost completely impenetrable and only the Monado can pierce it. For the first two-thirds of the game, every weapon except the Monado can deal only chip damage to Mechon enemies unless they're Toppled first (presumably because that way you can attack through gaps in the armor). Later on, newly developed anti-Mechon weapons are introduced, which don't have this property. It's also established early on that the Monado can't harm people. This doesn't come up very much, since you're mostly fighting monsters and robots, but towards the halfway point in the game you do get into a fight with some human-like enemies, and the Monado does nothing but chip damage to them. A major plot point involves the Monado being "unshackled" and losing this property. **Trails in the Sky SC** also has an interesting case of this. In Chapter Eight, a side effect of the villain's plan causes the complete shutdown of "orbal energy" (the setting's magical power source) across the entire country, causing nationwide blackouts and rendering the army's orbal energy-based weapons useless. You spend the chapter going around the kingdom delivering devices that counteract the effects of the blackout to various adventurers' guilds to help get their phones running again. The thing is, though, that among the main things orbal energy is used for in the setting is *magic*, including the magic your party uses. There's also one party member who uses an orbal grenade launcher as her main weapon. The special devices you're delivering are actually in your inventory as accessories, and unless a character has one equipped, they can't use magic - and the poor grenade launcher girl can't even attack... except for her limit break, which involves a gunpowder-based gatling gun. And keep in mind, you're supposed to be handing these devices out. You have four, and have to make three deliveries, so as the chapter goes on your party's access to magic gets increasingly limited.
Unpopular opinion: I thought Fallout 4 was actually a huge improvement over Fallout 3 and showed that Bethesda had really learned from the example Obsidian set with New Vegas.
Persona 5 is an excellent JRPG about a group of Japanese high school students who are also Inception-style thieves that dive into subconscious minds of various villains to steal parts of them - for example, stealing a rapist's entitlement complex so that he fully understands just what a monster he is, and confesses all of his crimes out of guilt. The main protagonist's codename is "Joker".
Why, though?
Control forms a healthy percentage of the current meta. It does not dominate it by any means. Control has a very high skill floor. If you "just cast on everything and repeating the process" as a control player, you will run out of answers before your opponent runs out of threats, and your opponent will kill you. Correctly identifying the right answer for each threat and managing card advantage are essential to playing control.
I think OP is more complaining about deck-strength matchmaking than anything else.
First, it's a well-established feature of Magic lore at this point that Baron Sengir was an anomaly. When you summon a creature, you aren't literally summoning the actual creature, you're creating a new, magical being made out of mana. Summoning a [[Raging Goblin]], for example, means that you are putting mana into the shape of, well, a raging goblin. Legends are an attempt to create a copy of someone specific, and the legend rule applies because part of what makes them "someone specific" is their uniqueness, so the magic doesn't work if you try to make more than one copy. I do think this rule can be fudged in some cases, though. For example, I'm pretty sure that when you summon a [[Reassembling Skeleton]], you actually have a real skeleton that you're magically bringing back to life, not just creating a skeleton out of thin air. Zones are pretty consistent with their flavor, so it's pretty easy to tell what happens to a creature when it leaves the battlefield: * Destroyed: It's dead and left a corpse. Things that eat corpses can eat it, necromancy can bring it back to life, etc. * Exiled: It has left the battle entirely in some way, and has not left a corpse. Maybe it was completely incinerated. Maybe it was banished to the Blind Eternities. Maybe it just decided to abandon war and become a farmer instead. Depends on the spell doing the exiling. * Turned Face-Down: It was turned into some kind of "morph creature". The original morph creatures were Ixidrons (see the art for [[Dermoplasm]]) but apparently the Tarkir block morph creatures look like swirling draconic magic. * Bounced: The spell that summoned it was reversed and it "went back where it came from". The planeswalker that summoned it can still summon it again.
But if you don't do the labor at all, they don't punish you for not doing it. Therefore, it's not slavery. It might be some other bad thing, but it's not slavery. Slavery is specifically forcing someone to perform labor for you against their will. If you voluntarily choose to perform labor of your own free will, it is not slavery.
How about we treat rural Americans the way Republicans treat rural Americans? You know, as gigantic children who need to be rhetorically pandered to but not actually helped in any meaningful way.
Yeah, but the right has been calling Ocasio-Cortez "radical" for months now.
&gt; Should you die if you have an incurable illness? Does that mean you deserve to die? These are the exact same question, phrased in different ways. &gt; The point is that you don't have a right to the things you need. Your right to life does not translate to a right to other people's services or property. Then how is it a right?
No, he's giving examples of people whose lives have been made worse by having Trump as president. He is not literally saying that you should ask those people. It is a figure of speech.
&gt; They could live in an area that doesn’t have employment opportunity. No, we're talking about people who are capable of work, remember? Obviously if there's no work to do then they aren't capable of doing it. &gt; They could be finding that employment equates to, actually, less wealth and resources for them than welfare benefits. Highly unlikely. &gt; They could simply not have the support apparatus necessary to successfully interview and be selected for a job. Again, we're talking about people who are *capable* of work.
Evil villainous Russians. Regular Russians are fine.
Of course it's serious. It's self-evidently true.
[citation needed]
&gt; After checking all the red white cards we could get, I realised that the creatures that those two colors had in common were dinosaurs. They both have synergies around that type of creatures. So should I stray away from Dragons in the future to focus on Dinosaurs instead ? Should I always focus on the cards that make use of both colors (vampires for white black, pirates for black red, etc) or can you create a perfectly functional deck without relying on that, like a white red that focus on dragons instead? There's too many mistaken assumptions behind this question for me to really answer it. You do want to have a reason for every color you use in your deck, and playing cards "that make use of both colors" is an excellent idea... but dinosaurs, vampires, pirates, etc. are not those cards. They're cards that are *in* both colors. Cards that make use of more than one color are multicolor cards, such as [[Aurelia, Exmplar of Justice]]. Theyre usually more powerful than monocolor cards because they can combine the strengths of multiple colors. If you want to build a midrange dragon tribal deck, you can absolutely make a viable one. It won't be tournament quality, but it will be functional and fun to play. I would somewhat question the value of adding white to it, since in a tribal deck you really want to go hard on your chosen tribe, but it's not intrinsically wrong to do so or anything. For what it's worth, the biggest white-red deck in competitive Magic right now is white-red aggro - it plays to both colors' strengths very well. The biggest *midrange* white-red deck focuses on angels. &gt; Sometimes, I am starved on lands, sometimes I have too much of them. I have around 18 plains and 14 mountains in my deck. Is it completely up to luck or are there some tricks to minimize the odds of that kind of situations happening ? Artefact / dual lands maybe ? Didn't play too much with those yet since there is so much to learn about already. Mana screw and mana flood are unfortunate realities. They're going to happen sometimes. It's why we have a Best of 3 ladder. There are ways to mitigate them, though. 24 lands is usually the right number - you can get away with less if you have a very low mana curve, or if you have ramp, and you may need more if you're playing control. Dual lands are useful for avoiding color screw. Lands with non-mana generating functions are also worth looking at, because you're usually happy to draw them even when you're ahead on mana.
You literally just described the left wing position on global warming.
https://www.economist.com/democracy-in-america/2016/08/01/north-carolina-voter-id-law-is-struck-down-as-racially-discriminatory It's been proven in a court of law that the Republican Party is attempting to prevent black from voting. &gt; If it was oppression of blacks then all blacks would have been barred from voting. They were. Then the constitution got amended so that it was literally illegal to bar blacks from voting, and now... they're still barred from voting a lot of the time.
It's only one per player (it used to be one per board, but that was too swingy). Legendary sorceries require you to have a legendary creature or planeswalker to cast them.
I'd change the last line to "You're moving in with Sisay onto the *Weatherlight*," but otherwise this is fantastic.
Is it *really* unrelated to Arena, though? After all, Magic's lore is Arena's lore, and I'm pretty sure Arena has created at least a few new Vorthoses.
The current storyline started in Magic Origins, and is told through a series of short stories on Wizards's web site. So you could just start there. If you're interested in older lore, *The Brothers' War* is required reading. It's by far the best MTG novel, and the set it was adapted from (*Antiquities*) laid the foundations for the first ten years of Magic's story.
&gt; Bo3 will not be part of ranked play, will not contribute to end-of-season rewards, and will essentially be placed in its own island of the game, separate from the main game space. Isn't this literally the exact opposite of how the ladder should work?
To be honest, I don't understand why they'd make best-of-one ranked in the first place. Competitive gameplay should be best-of-three. Best-of-one should be exclusively for casual kitchen table Magic.
It's Bakugou. He's always upset.
If the people of Kentucky won't throw McConnell out, then how would term limits help the situation? They'd just find someone who was exactly like McConnell and elect him instead.
&gt; No it isn't. It's called work. Most of us go to work every day. And a landlord can just as easily stop by every day. Presumably, you spend at least eight hours in your personal home every day. Can a landlord just as easily spend that much time in the homes they rent out every day? And if so, does it even make sense to speak of those homes as somehow *not* being the landlord's personal property anymore? &gt; We don't have to do so. It is a thought experiment just like the Trolley Problem itself. You can change the premise and the decision as you like. I'm just saying that there is no contradiction either way. One can take a stand on saving more lives or one could take a stand on the principle of not murdering anyone...or one could just be making the decision for emotional reasons. My point is that it's not about many always being more than few because rights matter. I'm going to be honest, I don't understand what you're trying to say here. The point I was trying to make is that what system of ethics you favor depends heavily on what you value. Let's say that one day you have the opportunity to steal your neighbor's lawn-mower and decide not to. Why did you decide not to? I can think of three possible answers: 1. Because you don't want to violate an abstract moral principle that forbids stealing. 2. Because you don't want to stain yourself with morally impure behavior. 3. Because you don't want to hurt your neighbor. I think that answer 3 is the only answer that's compatible with genuinely caring about the well-being of individuals, and that that answer leads inexorably to consequentialism.
At least the people who are bigoted and proud of it are honest. It's actually kind of refreshing.
&gt; Mechanic wise: Flash is confusing. Flash means that you can play the card whenever you want, instead of just during your own main phase with nothing on the stack. &gt; Gameplay wise: I’m still learning about what colors have what. Like the power cards (board wipes, finishers, removal, etc). **White** Pros: * Excellent small creatures * Decent large creatures * Strong enchantment and artifact removal * Decent spot creature removal * Excellent mass creature removal Cons: * No card draw * Removal often has drawbacks **Blue** Pros: * Excellent card draw * Countermagic * Bounce (returning things to their owner's hand) * Evasion Cons: * No enchantment or artifact removal * Weak creature removal * Very weak creatures **Black** Pros: * Excellent creature removal * Strong card draw * Decent direct damage * Forced discard * Reanimation Cons: * No enchantment or artifact removal * Everything costs life **Red** Pros: * Excellent direct damage * Strong creature and artifact removal * Strong small creatures Cons: * Weak card draw * No enchantment removal **Green** Pros: * Excellent creatures * Strong enchantment and artifact removal * Mana acceleration Cons: * Very weak creature removal * No evasion
It depends. What do you mean by "be strong"? Will you be able to build numerous tournament-quality decks? Absolutely not. Will you be able to build multiple fun, interesting decks, and maybe or two tournament-quality ones? Yes.
From TD's rules: &gt; This forum is for Trump supporters only. If you have questions about our president, our way of thinking or other discussion questions, post on r/AskThe_Donald, where we will gladly answer. This forum is NOT for that. The sub literally has a rule against dissenting viewpoints.
The radical right-wingers who make the argument often claim to be centrists, though.
Evidently not.
The player with Revel in Riches wins the game, the game ends, Lich's Mastery ceases to have any effect, and the player who played it loses the game. This is why [[Platinum Angel]] is templates the way it is.
Utility lands are an excellent choice that will dramatically improve any deck you play in those colors.
&gt; 'All x are Nazis' = 'all y are criminals' &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; I thought it was pretty obvious how that followed. Except that A, that logic doesn't generalize ("All squares are rectangles" is true, but "all squares are circles" is false), and B, I never said that all conservatives are Nazis, you just attributed that to me. &gt; Lol wow. Those of us who actually read primary source material come to realize the media is completely full of shit. That was particularly obvious when the source material itself implicated the media. But you'll just smear it and call it biased I'm sure. Woosh.
"Kicked out" may have been the wrong choice of words. She certainly lost her former position, though.
&gt; A good example is when Jesus said it would be easier for a camel to get through the eye of an needle than a rich man to get to Heaven. Anyone with any level of critical thinking can understand that it's impossible for a camel to get through the eye of a needle, but it's easier for that to happen than a rich person get into Heaven. Now I've actually heard some people say that in the Middle East and 'eye' can be loosely interpreted to mean a 'gate' or 'large opening' but again, if you take the whole context of the chapter that verse is from, it's obvious that Jesus is literally talking about the tiny eye of a needle to make the larger point of how hard it is for rich people to get into Heaven. So, wait, I was expecting you to use the "Jesus was just talking about a narrow gate" defense against that one yourself. How can you justify the claim that rich people don't go to Hell now?
And? Do you think that God is going to be impressed that you used that as an excuse to do all the things he specifically told you not to do?
It's definitely used as a dog whistle for Jews by anti-semites, but you're right, a lot of the time it's just used to mean "someone who thinks foreigners are people."
Voters aren't concerned with illegal immigration or "regaining UK independence from Brussels", though.
No, socialism was an evolution of liberalism, not a reaction to it.
Jump-start. It actually feels like you're Frankensteining your spell back into action.
RDW is an aggro deck, you shouldn't be trying to control the board with it. Your burn spells are there to remove blockers and to finish off an injured opponent, not for defensive purposes.
Dimir's theme is discard, mill, and theft.
Self-mill is still mill! And they also have Mnemonic Betrayal.
So, something was bugging me about Domri, and now I've finally figured out what it is - did he accidentally planeswalk into a shower at some point? He looks entirely too clean.
Not quite what you're looking for, but Rhystic Studies on Youtube does a lot of extensive analyses of Magic art, usually focusing on a particular artist in each video.
Colors have identities, and those identities constrain the kind of strategies you can use. The most obvious example would be that green leans toward midrange, red towards aggro, and blue towards control. You *can* build a mono-blue aggro deck, but it's not going to be ideal. That's why color matters.
Am I genuinely the only person who has *never* been roped? I've seen the other play hit their rope a few times, but it's generally either because they're tanking or they don't realize they have priority.
Every mechanic is actually kicker.
I wouldn't dismiss this out of hand. The price tag is pretty heavy, but Timetwister at instant speed is nothing to sneeze at.
Shigaraki exists, you know.
I'm pretty sure only a Vintage has a Restricted list, and that only because banning cards in Vintage defeats the entire point of Vintage.
You aren't saying we shouldn't stick our noses in the affairs of the entire world. You're saying that, having already stuck our noses in the affairs of the world, we should only care about how that affects ourselves.
Reminder that in the US a pedophile was almost elected Senator.
Again, that seems statistically unlikely. Isn't it possible you've made some kind of mistake?
No, only about half of Americans voted, and only about half of those who did voted for Trump.
Anything from Mirage or later is "relatively new". :P
* **High Elves**: Warhammer II vanilla. A stereotypical fairy tale kingdom. * Campaign: The High Elves have the most diplomacy-intensive campaign in the game. They have a unique resource called Influence, which allows them to manipulate relations between other powers, and they can also spy on their trading partners. This last is especially useful due to their ability to get large amounts of extra income out of trade. They can also spend influence to recruit generals and agents with powerful traits - without influence, they're stuck working with the dregs of High Elf society. * Battle: The High Elves are an all-rounder army that are good at everything but amazing at almost nothing. Their heavy infantry is very impressive, but too expensive to match up against a true infantry faction for cost. Their cavalry is great at doing cavalry things, but isn't going to win any awards. Their archers are very impressive, but don't quite match up to their Wood Elven cousins. They have only one artillery piece, but it's fairly versatile. If there's one thing about the High Elves that shines, it's their flying monsters, consisting of phoenixes and dragons. Trying to contest the sky against the High Elves is a very, very foolish proposition. * **Dark Elves**: Warhammer II vanilla. A stereotypical fairy tale evil empire. * Campaign: The Dark Elves have a civilization based on slavery, and their entire economy revolves around it. To fuel their economy, they need to take slaves by taking prisoners in battle, raiding, and looting cities. They're primarily a settled faction, but they can also build sea-going hordes called Black Arks, which provide powerful artillery support for nearby Dark Elf armies. Their biggest disadvantage is their treacherous nature - Dark Elven generals all have a loyalty rating, and will rebel if not properly treated. * Battle: Dark Elves are a "glass cannon" faction - they can do a lot of damage, but also take a lot of it. Their repeater crossbows make them incredibly dangerous at range, and their use of poisons allows them to neutralize a lot of options for the enemy, sometimes even taking away control of units altogether. Getting enough kills in a battle will proc "murderous prowess", a temporary battlefield-wide buff. After murderous prowess expires, however, they tend to start running out of gas. * **Lizardmen**: Warhammer II vanilla. Dinosaur-riding Aztec lizard people. * Campaign: Lizardmen are a straightforward, empire-building faction. They're the only faction that can see and make use of the geomantic web, a special grid that connects each province. By taking control of adjacent provinces, the Lizardmen can use the geomantic web to empower powerful provincial edicts. They also periodically receive commands from the Old Ones that, if fulfilled, will reward them with superior "Blessed" versions of their units. * Battle: Lizardmen play like the unholy lovechild of Rome and Carthage. While they don't have much in the way of elite heavy infantry, their basic heavy infantry is the best in the game, staying in the fight basically forever and shrugging off arrows. They have no true archers, but do have excellent skirmishers. They augment all this with incredible monsters. Their biggest weakness is an unfortunate tendency to lose control and go berserk mid-battle. * **Skaven**: Warhammer II vanilla. A secret underground empire of Nazi mad scientist ratmen. * Campaign: The Skaven are a very stealth-focused faction. Their settlements actually appear to be ruins to non-Skaven until closely investigated, and their armies can move and attack in ambush stance. They're driven forward by two things. First, they have a unique form of corruption, which uniquely is actually bad even for them, causing them to reduce public order in their own provinces. Second, they need a constant supply of food, which they can only get by taking captives in battle to eat - running out of food causes empire-wide morale penalties, but earning extra food allows them to settle newly-conquered cities with larger populations. They're also one of the factions with potentially treacherous generals, who need to be kept happy or else risk them turning on you. * Battle: The Skaven are a faction that's all about swarm tactics. They can put out a *ridiculous* number of infantry units, all of which are completely worthless in actual combat, but which are big enough and just fast enough that they can swarm the enemy from all directions and tie them up. This swarm is backed up by powerful but fragile missile units and artillery. * **Tomb Kings**: Warhammer II DLC. Undead Ancient Egyptians. * Campaign: The Tomb Kings are unique in that their units actually don't cost any gold at all - instead, they have a cap on the number of each unit they can recruit, determined by how many recruitment centers for that unit they own. Their economy isn't particularly strong - but then, it doesn't *need* to be, because a Tomb King army can be wiped out and then reassembled just a few turns later at no cost. Their strictly limited in how many different armies they can field, but can revive the mummies of old pharaohs as generals with unique traits. Like the Dwarfs, they are also skilled craftsmen, and can forge powerful equipment for their generals and agents. * Battle: The Tomb Kings are undead, and therefore the usual Warhammer rules for undead units apply - they don't rout, but take extra damage instead. The vast majority of the Tomb Kings army is skeletons - skeleton warriors, skeleton archers, and skeleton charioteers - but they're backed up by powerful, magically-animated stone statues, including some incredible monstrous archers who can put an arrow through a giant at five hundred paces. * **Vampire Coast**: Undead pirates. * Campaign: The Vampire Coast is very much a naval faction, sailing and plundering the coasts and raiding towns to establish pirate coves. All of their legendary generals have armies that double as hordes, allowing them to improve their flagship for special abilities and in-the-field recruitment. Like the Vampire Coast, they can spread vampiric corruption, taking attrition when it's not present and forcing other factions to take attrition when it is, and can also use their magic to immediately raise armies of the dead, with the selection of troop quality improving depend on how many corpses there are to work with. Their generals are potentially treacherous and need to be kept doing things they like to avoid them stabbing you in the back. * Battle: The Vampire Coast are undead, and therefore the usual rules for undead apply - they don't rout, but take extra damage instead. Unlike the other undead factions, they have a *very* heavy ranged focus, with mediocre melee infantry and no cavalry at all, but incredible gunpowder infantry and artillery.
Some of the classics of Magic flavor text: [[Wandering Ones]]: &gt; "I saw them once, when I was a child. They led me to my parents' arms when I was lost. Why have they abandoned me now? Why won't they take me home again?" &gt; —Unnamed beggar [[Hold the Line]]: &gt; "Forgive me, Master Kami, but in the interest of my people I must halt your advance." [[Null Rod]]: &gt; Gerrard: "But it doesn't do anything!" &gt; Hanna: "No—it *does* nothing." [[Fodder Cannon]]: &gt; Step 1: Find your cousin. &gt; Step 2: Get your cousin in the cannon. &gt; Step 3: Find another cousin. M10 [[Lightning Bolt]], which was the first time the card had been Standard legal in 15 years: &gt; The sparkmage shrieked, calling on the rage of the storms of his youth. To his surprise, the sky responded with a fierce energy he'd never thought to see again. [[Reckless Cohort]]: &gt; "You have a family. Mine died at Sea Gate. You go to yours, and I'll go to mine." [[Grizzly Bears]]: &gt; Don't try to outrun one of Dominia's Grizzlies; it'll catch you, knock you down, and eat you. Of course, you could run up a tree. In that case you'll get a nice view before it knocks the tree down and eats you. [[Rancor]]: &gt; Hatred outlives the hateful. [[Vindicate]]: &gt; "Don't mourn for me. This is my destiny." &gt; —Gerrard [[Sizzle]]: &gt; "Of course you should fight fire with fire. You should fight everything with fire." &gt; —Jaya Ballard, task mage [[Obliterate]]. Both the humorous... &gt; "The enemy has been destroyed, sir. So have the forest, the city, your palace, your dog . . ." &gt; —Keldon soldier ...and the serious: &gt; For his family, Barrin made a funeral pyre of Tolaria. [[Coalition Victory]]: &gt; "You can build a perfect machine out of imperfect parts." &gt; —Urza Also, [[Confiscate]]'s art and flavor text inform us that as a teenager, Teferi invented a device that made fart noises.
Yoda speaks grammatically correct English, but makes heavy use of anastrophe. His exact word order tends to wind up being "whatever sounds good" in most cases. So the correct Yoda-fication of "Give me a fucking break" would be "A fucking break, give me."
Teferi himself is a wincon - he can put himself back in the deck endlessly while you deck yourself out. It's a distinctly tedious way to win, but it works.
That's not really the point. Johnnies like to build decks as a creative exercise.
Tapped creatures can't block.
Child marriage is legal in the vast majority of the United States. I agree that this is evil and needs to be stopped, but don't pretend that it's something "other people" do and gives us an excuse to feel superior.
True. I was actually thinking of BOTW Link for some reason, who is downright tiny.
I'm not sure how much more explicit I could have been about how I wasn't talking about LaVeyan Satanism.
You were clearly defending Fox by accusing the person criticizing them of blindly believing all "mainstream news".
Right, which is how you said that Fox *wasn't* mainstream news.
Actually, I'm pretty sure it's the difference between a top professional magic player and an average professional magic player.
Magic has occasionally had villains with some character depth - Dovin Baan is a recent example - but Bolas is not one of them.
Sure, but do you have it written down somewhere? I don't want to create noise and disturb others around me.
It's incredible. The far right has murdered dozens of innocent people within the past few years. Antifa has never killed anyone. But you disagree with antifa, so that makes them violent.
That's also solid. Orbital solar plants can be geostationary, though.
Anyone acting as if there's a genuine democratic mandate for Brexit needs to be hung up by their entrails.
If democratic rule requires going against the will of the people, then what good is it in the first place?
At least Civ lets factions intervene in an ongoing war. That's an incredible basic and necessary function for engaging diplomacy, yet Paradox is actively against it.
I'm not convinced that's a thing that people actually insist. It sounds like the reversed moderation fallacy - someone says that Russian interference wasn't a complete non-factor in the election, and people react as if they'd said it was the *only* factor in the election.
I'd almost consider making knowledge of Azorius law a skill, where you can roll it to determine what, if any, laws an NPC is breaking. That or just let Azorius players make up regulations on the spot as long as they sound plausible.
Hey, could you hold these slides? I need a new projector.
Well if your objection to "white people tend to be ignorant of the history of non-white people" was that you think it's false, then why didn't you say so in the first place?
What about name pun memes and the game recommending you decrease the difficulty memes?
Every single claim I've made in this conversation has been completely non-controversial. The burden of proof is on the guy who was claiming that white Americans know more about world history than everybody else, not on me. But let's not get sidetracked. Do you understand the difference between challenging a statement based on its form and challenging a statement based on its content? You objected that the statement "white people tend to be ignorant of the history of non-white people" was a generalization, and therefore automatically false, when in reality the vast majority of statements of the form "X people tend to be ignorant of the history of non-X people" are true. Can you please allow us to discuss the existence of racism and xenophobia without flipping out over it?
I guess this conversation is over, then.
Er... this is why Trump won? ...okay, I admit defeat. You are better at "Things that sound like arguments but really aren't" than I am.
No, the downvote is a disagree button. That's how everyone uses it, and it's how everyone assumes everyone else uses it.
The fact that you believe that some people should be at the top and some shouldn't is what separates you from normal people. The mainstream modern position is that there shouldn't be a top at all.
Because drugs and weapons hurt people, while migrants usually don't.
Because they are *migrating* and nobody actually cares about the legal/illegal distinction.
&gt; I forget what I was listening to the other day but dude was like so what if they illegally enter the country? And did you have an answer to that question?
I support open borders.
Teferi doesn't lead to creature combat at all, though.
In Standard it decreases the percentage of games where someone loses to mana screw.
I mean, 1 does have that thing where you think you've finally found some clothing for Sharla that isn't ridiculous fanservice and it turns out to be assless.
I think it's just that we know Norse Mythology World is on the shortlist of future plane ideas.
My dream list of changes for the Empire: * A system similar to Alarielle's for Karl Franz, where he needs to actively defend the Empire from foreign threats. * A trade-off in province management between a modern society dominated by the merchant class, and a traditional society dominated by religion and the nobility. The former leads to a stronger economy and tech research, but also leaves you much more vulnerable to corruption and public order problems. * The remaining battle wizards, Hochland Long Rifles, and Master Engineers. * Todbringer as a playable Legendary Lord, starting in Middenland, with unique units and buildings to reflect the Cult of Ulric rather than the Cult of Sigmar. * Rites, obviously. * A larger tech tree, with more interesting techs. The system of basing techs on buildings is good and unique to the Empire, it just needs more content. * An overhaul of the office system. Make officers more impactful, and let us appoint independent Elector Counts to offices for diplomatic bonuses! * Better blue line skills for Empire Generals, who could stand to be a bit more useful as governors. Skills that give diplomacy buffs would be especially useful, given the Empire's reliance on statesmanship. * Religious skills for Empire Generals.
&gt; This would definitely fall under "cruel and unusual" Pretty sure the death penalty is legal in Alabama, so no, this doesn't count.
No it isn't, and I never said you did.
&gt; I do not agree that people "objectively" act in bad faith. I believe people objectively act in their own self interests and I "subjectively" determine they are acting in bad faith. You're mistaken. "Good faith" and "bad faith" refer to a particular relationship between one's stated values and beliefs and one's actual values and beliefs. For example, if someone defends an unpopular view from criticism and claims they're doing so in the name of free speech, but is actually doing it because they agree with that unpopular view, then that person is acting in bad faith. Both of those conditions are matters of fact, so whether or not they're acting in bad faith is a matter of fact, and therefore objective. &gt; They key to solving this problem is to educate people and get them working together for common goals. Unfortunately, this process only works when everyone involved is acting in good faith. Bad faith actors can subvert the process.
Honestly, I just want the core gameplay in place and don't understand why they did literally anything else while diplomacy was still borked.
I think it was added in Attila?
No, it wasn't. There was no point in the wall of text.
Which Kurt? There are at least three.
Absolutely not. Liberalism and capitalism were born at around the same time, and capitalism attached itself to liberalism, but the two have no inherent connection other than the fact that they both appealed to the early modern European merchant class (for very different reasons). Freedom and equality are not ubiquitous or universally held values, they are specific to the liberal tradition.
Globalization *is* great. Capitalism is the problem.
I'm not sure that really qualifies as angle shooting. If anything, the Bolter is the bad guy here for trying to make a strategic decision based on information that he wasn't allowed to have until after the decision was already made.
So Lord of the Rings is a superhero story now?
I see you haven't read Children of the Nameless. He absolutely would ask you to afternoon tea.
I don't follow.
He's going to found the Jin if it kills him.
Taunting the legal system, always a great idea /s.
Really desperately digging into that persecution complex, huh? He threatened people *personally*. Not on the internet.
&gt; milf loli wut
&gt; I'm confused too. How is it immigration? Well, it's the movement of people from one country into another, which is the definition of "immigration". &gt; Funny, I don't think you know anything about me. I don't think immigration is scary at all.- In fact I live in Latin America and work with people to help them immigrate to the US, Canada, New Zealand and other countries legally. You aren't going to guilt me into thinking that it's good to bypass laws and call it "immigration." If that is immigration we have no borders. We shouldn't have borders, they inevitably lead to human rights violations and only benefit the global elite.
??? "Paying for themselves" just means that they don't generate net negative jobs.
I guarantee the optimization will *not* make it into Warhammer III.
Honestly, I'm not sure about that - how many different degrees of unplayability do you really need?
...well, they're not *wrong*...
&gt; No. This movie didn't do anything. That's ridiculous. The people did. And by watch this movie in The historical context we can learn how they were manipulated into doing it. Or, crazy possibility, we could be manipulated into doing it ourselves. &gt; The Western world governments are fascist, and lashing out against Nazi is our way maintaining a scene of denial. &gt; I believe fascism starts with an enemy. An other, an outsider, that we need to protect ourselves from. In Nazism this was the scheming Jewish capitalists. In our society we ironically use Nazis as our other (As well as Communists and more recently Terrorists). This is some serious DARVO nonsense. Antifascists aren't "the real fascists", fascists are the real fascists. Things are generally what they appear to be.
Of course he's going to die. It's boring and predictable, but hey, we need to keep the books clean, right?
Really, isn't crashing the game it's own kind of victory?
Please leave poor, innocent autism out of this.
Oh, you, pretending that "Muslims" and "non-Muslims" are real and meaningful categories.
&gt; How often do you wish death on the accused whenever the media highlights similar cases? Never, because I'm not a fucking barbarian. The purpose of justice is to *fix* people, not punish them.
&gt; P.S. I upvoted you. I believe a dialogue is more important than suppression of opinions. What ever they may be. Come on, you don't seriously believe /u/GloriousEnchilada is genuinely interested in a dialogue, do you? If that were true, he'd be prostrating himself before us and begging for forgiveness. That he isn't proves that he's only here to try to defend his beloved God-Emperor from the truth.
&gt; Fascist in history are known to give people a choice; "join us or die". &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Totalitarians get a sniff that a person is not loyal to the regime, and their entire bloodline was wiped out. These sound like the same thing.
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/lgbt-pride-parade-detroit-washington-march-neo-nazi-stampede-a8950781.html
In before a bunch of objections that completely miss the point, like "but they owned slaves!" The difference between the Founding Fathers and modern day Republicans is that while neither live up to the American ideal, the former at least *tried*.
Huh. Guess the dictionary is wrong.
Absolutely not. In the grand scheme of things, they're nearly identical. That's like saying men and women are almost exact opposites - it only even approaches making sense if you ignore the existence of literally everything except humans.
According to who, exactly? Who's the central authority on what the word "liberal" means? I'm using the term in accordance with its ordinary English language meaning. So is the OP. So are most people. It's only a very specific set of people that use the term the way you do, and there's no real value in doing so.
He's also up for re-election next year, just saying.
Then why aren't you voting Democrat while also supporting proportional representation?
I'm a bit surprised that the "lesser" Luis don't get the hyphenated Han treatment as well. Their claims were a lot stronger than Liu Bei's.
I did not *agree* with every stance held by everyone I've ever voted for, but I did *support* every stance held by everyone I've ever voted for, by definition.
Well, hopefully they won't do that here, because it would completely destroy the game's central character arc.
SaGa is a series that just does whatever the fuck it wants and doesn't care about things like "polish" or "accessibility" or "design conventions". They're quite unstable, but always interesting.
SaGa is kind of Square's "throw science at the wall and see what sticks" series. Romancing SaGa 3 is generally considered to be the high point of the series, IIRC, but while the series is always interesting and creative it can also be prone to frustration-inducing features and awkwardness that can come across as outright buggy. At least neither of these are the game where they decided to replace the overworld with a party game.
Could you please spoiler-tag that second paragraph? You can't be too careful, right?
Planeswalkers can be creatures sometimes. See [[Blind Seer]].
There was a big retcon that changed how planeswalking works in Time Spiral Block.
&gt; How is gender reassignment surgery or hormone replacement therapy not considered conversion therapy? Because they actually work. &gt; Is it because those methods are socially accepted(forced) transition therapies? Unlikely, since conversion therapy is far more socially accepted than they are.
No idea. I guess it depends on the exact wording of the law. Not that it matters, obviously, since there are no straight-to-gay conversion therapists in the first place.
...wait, how does *that* one work?
Pretty sure racists would *really* hate changelings.
Materia is explicitly attached to weapons and armor in-game. That's how the mechanic works.
If this is an excuse, it's an excuse I'd like to hear more often.
[This article](https://www.gamezone.com/news/cd-projekt-red-developers-speak-up-on-the-realities-of-working-on-witcher-3-and-cyberpunk-2077-3461430/) seems like a pretty fair look at the situation.
I was sick the weekend of the prerelease. I will never get to play with Modern Horizons.
There's a mode that completely disables the rhythm game mechanics if they're a problem for you.
Rainbows contain as many colors as the ocean contains waters. The whole concept doesn't really make sense to talk about in the first place and betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of what color *is*.
I, too, support straight marriage being legal.
Suppose you come to a strange, foreign kingdom. The peasants say that they are oppressed by the king. The king says he is oppressed by the peasants. Who's telling the truth? Use some common sense here, dude. There's no argument about whether or not ciswomen should be allowed to use women's bathrooms. There's nobody trying to ban cis people from serving in the military. There's nobody declaring that being cisgender is a mental illness and we should all be brainwashed into being trans. Oh, and while we're at it: * Men have more power than women. * White people have more power than black people. * Straight people have more power than gay people. * Christians have more power than non-Christians. * Rich people have more power than poor people. * Adults have more power than children. The sky is blue, water is wet, and the media isn't going to cover up secret oppression of the ruling class.
It's absolutely better for them. This isn't about vengeance, it's about undoing the crime as best we can. She does not deserve to bear the financial costs of his crime, so he should owe her child support. They do not deserve to be forced to associate with a child molester, so he should not be allowed visiting rights.
By the way, why is the Switch circlejerk sub called /r/tomorrow, anyway?
The problem is that a lot of the US population is pro-chipping-away-at-rights.
You'll find that you won't be "right-leaning" for long. Pretty soon they'll be calling you an SJW and a socialist and accusing you of censoring them.
Over here our parents get brainwashed by Fox News. People are the same everywhere, I guess.
&gt; He posts about going to an Anime convention, he's an incel, and posted a bunch of mall ninja shit. Sounds like a MAGA Nazi to me.
Well, no, I'm happy that people are happy. I just find it kind of amusing.
"Can we do Giant Growth in red?" "Giant Growth would be too good in red," "Like, way too good, or just a little too good?" "Just a little."
Read some history of the Civil War not written by a Southerner with a chip on their shoulder.
A while ago, although it has yet to really get full engaged because he at least wasn't specifically fighting for slavery and some people can't even admit that *that's* bad.
Fact: There is no reason to believe that the cycle of reincarnation and conflict will end once Hyrule discovers space travel.
Yes, that was the lie at the time. Nobody believed it.
So you're a conspiracy theorist, a bloodthirsty imperialist, *and* a liar. If there is any justice in this world, you and your allies will be stopped before you can do any more damage to America.
He's okay with women on TV, they just have to be categorized as props rather than characters.
Obviously. A character whose personality revolves entirely around their homosexuality is just an offensive stereotype. I don't see any reason to believe that's happening here, though.
Now that I think about it, it might be more accurate to say that we *don't know* if Trump is worse than Hitler or not. We don't know how many people Trump will have killed by the time he dies.
Which is what makes it "Anglo-*American*" and not just "Anglo". Also, I guarantee you that the vast majority of Americans have read at least one Shakespeare play, for school if nothing else.
&gt; What's reddits obsession recently with conflating everything with government/law? It's not an obsession. The point is that this lacks all the elements of censorship that make censorship bad. It isn't a cabal of evil elites trying to silence a certain point of view. It's the people who are in charge of keeping the community relatively civilized telling people they can't masturbate in public. Conflating the two is absurd and anyone who does it should be ridiculed.
sunwukong155 was clearly arguing on the assumption that censorship *was* inherently bad.
Geographically, this is just central Hyrule when looking north from just south of the Great Plateau. It's actually geographically accurate, not just a hodgepodge of stuff.
...huh. That makes logical sense.
Her marriage to Liu Bei had some political significance, and in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms is part of a major subplot. There's no real records of her leading armies or fighting in battle, but it plausibly *could* have happened given what's known about her.
"Oh, look, you've got an axe embedded in your shoulder, here, let me even that out for you."
You say that like pointless and imperialistic wars aren't the most nationalist thing ever.
It allows you to exchange one life for one card. That's a game-winning ability.
No waifus, just war.
It was definitely planned out beforehand, but if you look closely at Eventide it's clear some liberties were taken to make the quest doable. The southern line bends slightly, and there's small detours in the general vicinity of the orbs.
I really like the gas mask-like silhouette of the hand on his face, though.
Fuck nationalism.
...isn't almost everyone in MHA a POC?
I mean, it's not *that* surprising that one of the best players of all time is doing well, is it?
Depends on the card. Sometimes they're good (e.g., [[Approach of the Second Sun]], which was a strong control finisher), sometimes they're meme cards revolving around some crazy combo (e.g., [[Simic Ascendancy]], which is pretty much entirely jank), and occasionally they're both (e.g., [[Lich's Mastery]], which is gimmicky as hell but has actually won a major tournament because nobody expected it)
* Nissa: Olimar * Sarkhan: Charizard or Ridley * Jace: Shulk or Robin * Gideon: Captain Falcon * Chandra: Also Charizard, but for different reasons * Vivien: Pokémon Trainer * Serra: Is actually in the game as Palutena, but mains Pit instead of herself
The Simic Combine is one of the major factions from Ravnica, a setting that was originally designed for Magic: The Gathering but recently got a D&amp;D supplement. Ravnica is an entire plane that's completely urbanized, and the Simic are one of several organizations that are in charge of conservation efforts. They take a scientific approach to it: rather than trying to adapt the environment to wildlife, they use magic and genetic engineering to adapt wildlife to the environment. The more conservative Simic want to speed up what they believe would be the natural result of evolution. The more radical Simic are transhumanists who see themselves as improving on nature. Simic Hybrids are the result of the Guardian Project, which was basically an attempt by some of the more radical Simic to create super-soldiers by combining humans, elves, half-elves and merfolk with various animals.
Stay on topic. We are talking about the fact that Trump unilaterally broke a binding agreement, not anything else. Suppose that you had a contract with Trump, and he unilaterally broke it in a way that completely screwed you over, and as an excuse he said, "It wasn't a good enough contract for me"? Would you ever agree to a deal with him again? If so, then you are a *complete moron*.
I mean, let's be honest, people are going to insist that any LGBT character feels shoehorned into the game and lazily characterized no matter what, simply because that's more socially acceptable than "gay people are icky".
You know what? I'm upvoting you. You're crazy, but unlike everyone else in this thread you're at least honest. You're more deserving of a place at the table than the "the media is shoving the gay agenda down our throats" people.
No, seriously.
Right wingers are literally incapable of understanding that actions have consequences. It's astonishing. They genuinely believe that nobody will care, and then when people do care they get offended by it.
No, that was hyperbole, too. There are certainly people in this thread I have a very dim view of, but the only outright Nazi I've talked to today was in another thread. (If you're wonder how I knew he was a Nazi, his username was "HappyShekelMerchant")
Didn't Northern Ireland mostly vote Remain?
Unstable also had [[GO TO JAIL]].
The person who made the post in the OP was almost certainly including descendants of the original colonists of the US in that "we". The original colonists of the US conquered and nearly exterminated the natives.
I suppose next you'll be telling me that I only think anti-vaxxers are insane because I disagree with them? What about Young Earth Creationists?
It has some adventure game elements as well, where you use nifty futuristic gadgets to solve crimes.
Yeah, how horrible that wherever you go people are allowed to disagree with you. Clearly that is much worse than segregation.
I think you mean a bunch of ordinary people asking if obnoxious and potentially dangerous far-right trolls should be allowed on Reddit.
&gt; Basically anyone who is famous needs to show they are inclusive or they get called a Nazi. I definitely disagree with this. Famous people are assumed to be inclusive by default.
Can't be any worse than the current system.
Yes, that's what they said, but how is it relevant?
Okay, but where do you draw the line between a speech act and an expression of an opinion? Like, clearly Hitler committed a crime when he used words to tell people to kill all the Jews. There has to be a point when saying "kill all the Jews" stops being just an expression of your opinion and starts being an actual attempt to murder Jews.
Except that in this case it's the 60% average Joes dictating how a country works while ignoring what a 40% minority need.
True, but OP is asking about babies that don't even have a personality yet.
Are you suggesting that either Vraska or Bolas "owned" the Immortal Sun?
&gt; until 20 years ago, Greece was considered part of the Middle East Pretty sure this has never been true. It would have been considered part of the Near East at most, and white supremacists have been claiming ancient Greece since forever.
Happy to provide for the hungry.
Username does not check out.
The decade doesn't actually end until 2021.
No, free trade benefits people of all classes equally. The idea that free trade is anti-labor is based on the assumption that members of the working class should compete against each other for the benefit of capitalists.
&gt; Free trade is another way of saying "eliminating labor rights, consumer protections, and lowering pay standards for workers by creating a race to the bottom between workers from different countries". Workers in a country with high standards of living and labor rights that they fought for, should not have those rights eliminated in a swipe of a pen by unaccountable undemocratic panels of international corporations. But workers in countries with low standards of living and labor rights can go hang, I suppose?
"Federal government" is being used as a synonym for "national government" here.
For fuck's sake, "No, you can't just murder Syrian refugees" does not count as supporting Islamic fundamentalists.
No, it's modestly libright.
Twitter doesn't count.
Either it's good for countries with high standards of living and labor rights, or it's good for countries with low standards of living and no labor rights. It cannot be bad for both simultaneously.
We're also honest about it. We've never claimed to tolerate people based on their political views.
What if the company becomes powerful because it hired a bunch of mercenaries to force people to work for it?
There are actual claims by women that Trumped raped them at Epstein's parties.
Canon is what "really happened" within the fictional world of the story. Sometimes you'll have little scenes or stories that are non-canon - for example, there's a comic where Superman's pod lands in the Soviet Union and he grows up to be a Communist, but obviously that never actually happened to the "main" Superman. That's what something not being canon means.
The closest it gets to action is being like Death Note but for dating.
Literally any criticism of Trump whatsoever, no matter how valid: Trumpets: ORANGE MAN BAD
I don't believe you, and even if that was true, I wouldn't care.
I really don't care, going to war with Iran is stupid and we shouldn't do it.
I like how you think extreme authright actually disagrees with a war in Iran and isn't secretly just as bloodthirsty as the rest of their quadrant.
Authright: Supports xenophobic imperialists Xenophobic imperialists: Start a war Authright: FUCKING JEWS
Neoliberalism doesn't support war with Iran.
Yeah, but the different people in our quadrant don't all work together. Everyone in authright does.
If you're American, when you voted Republican. If you're not American, when you encouraged Americans to vote Republican.
What I'm saying is that you need to own the consequences of your ideology. You can't support authright and then whine whenever we call you a warmonger. Either admit that your quadrant has an imperialism problem or move to a new quadrant. Those are your options.
Then accept that that the OP makes a valid point instead of whining about how unfair it is.
Yeah, but he was fucking lying and everyone knew it. Republicans have traditionally been the party of war. Democrats absolutely would have been better.
Oh, absolutely. And you'd seem to impose your... whatever your ideology is on them. That's just having a political view.
It's an excellent manga. Multiple award winning. Has some keen philosophical insights. You'll hate it.
You can lynch with a guillotine.
&gt; I was a naive indoctrinated neo-Marxist intersectionalist last election cycle, so I sincerely believed the Orange Man was Very Racist and Very Very Bad, but since then I’ve seen the error of my ways and am currently floating around seeing if there will be a political party or movement in which I’ll land. lol
"I worked very hard at getting other people to give me their money so I deserve to be rich."
The Empire outsourced their architecture to the Space Pirates. It's a minor miracle they did wind up with tubes everywhere.
It's *gold* you son of a bitch! Anyway, I also chose ~~yellow~~ gold because of the Sentinels. Cal is clearly a Guardian, but Sentinel was always my favorite class.
How does that even work? He's too far away from the hole.
Then the Iranian people want America to leave. The point is that if we go to war, we're going to war with the Iranian people. They will not benefit in the least.
&gt; A high ranking general that was an enemy to our nation and its security * FTFY This is meaningless gibberish and nobody is going to buy it. The entire world agrees: the United States was the aggressor in this conflict.
Yeah, that's what I thought. You *can't* answer the question, because you have no idea. You keep saying "weak" and "strong" as if politics was a bad shounen anime, but when it comes to talking about anything *real* and *concrete*, you draw a blank. Never mind that Espinosa murders innocent people, makes the life of the average citizen of the Reach demonstrably worse, and alienates all of the Reach's allies; your scouter said that he has a higher power level than Amano, so obviously he deserves to be in charge. Shit like this is why you lost World War II. You can't make up for a lack of genuine competence and good decision-making just by being super evil.
&gt; who has majority of the positions of power? Alas, the poor oppressed gentiles. Perhaps someday, one of us might even rise to be president of this great country. Perhaps even forty-five in a row.
He's authright, so no.
What do you mean "done nothing"? He's a fucking Senator. His only real authority is voting on things. I think he's doing a pretty good job of that.
&gt; It still was s multicultural society, and the original Cultures disappeared. Alright, let me rephrase this. Name a *host* culture that disappeared due to multiculturalism. &gt; Because you preserve the indigenous Ethnicity group, and keep each Culture diverse. But why is that desirable? &gt; And you keep society safer, as people will feel kinship to their homeland and their kin. People can feel kinship to basically anyone, there's nothing special about ethnic groups. &gt; They don't do that, they're mostly a financial burden. As you have to give them welfare, which stretches the welfare system thin. Empirically false.
I think I scored a critical hit.
They're both such loveable dorks.
I... uh... I don't recognize the libright one. What's the joke there?
Other people are better at talking to authrighters than I am. I'm more useful talking to librighters, and even then only in a neutral sub like this one.
What's ACTUALLY guy doing here? Just because most liblefts don't want to kill all Muslims doesn't mean any of us like their religion.
Why are you assuming that the workers won't voluntarily submit to capitalist property norms? They have in a lot of countries.
For fuck's sake people, is "don't masturbate in public" really that hard a rule to follow?
Yeah, but none of them admit it any more because fascism is the most thoroughly discredited ideology in the world.
I'm just saying, the fact that the canonically libright character is also the character who's most noticeably anti-Ozymandias is something you probably should have addressed.
Understandable, have a nice day.
At what point are we going to accept responsibility for the consequences of our actions instead of blaming everything on a DNC conspiracy? Ever?
&gt; What if the media surge around Bernie is a tactic to make us more complacent? The media is a dumb institution that does nothing except tell people what they want to hear. Individual journalists and networks might have their own biases, but the media as a whole is biased only in favor of what generates revenue, and what generates revenue is feeding people's egos. If the media is focusing on Bernie now, it is not because of some 4-dimensional chess strategy to get rid of him, it is because they think they can sell us something.
Thursday, I think? I can't remember the exact details, but I'm pretty sure we killed some guy?
Un-fucking-believable. Yes, defend the men and women who serve the country by sending them off to die in another war, I'm sure they'll really appreciate that. You are a thief and a murderer and you have nothing of value to say. Shut the fuck up and let actual human beings take charge.
Yeah but you're pro-apocalypse.
Spooks are a useful concept, especially when the auths start babbling absolute gibberish.
Most Americans are horrified. It shouldn't be our job to bail the nationalists out every time they do something moronic.
Is it? And even if it is, so what? Murder is murder.
No, that's fine. That's using it ironically.
See, this is why you don't count as being anti-Israel.
It's more than he totally miswrote his posts.
I mean if we just leave there won't be a conflict anymore.
Which is about how the US treats gay people.
Who died and made God king of the world?
I honestly can't think of any person on this sub with a libleft flair who opposes nuclear energy.
Cal deserves a break.
&gt; Does he want a dictatorship where a one-party state is completely in control of people's lives? Probably. &gt; Does he want to take away freedom of thought and expression? Definitely, he's said as much. &gt; Does he want to outlaw the opposition parties? Probably.
&gt; You would truly go so far as to call that evil? A major problem I find with liblefts is that you tend to be convinced you are morally righteous to the point that there's no point in considering other views. It's closed minded. It's called conviction, and it's a good thing. Actually believing in something is good. &gt; All I want is immigrantion to be kept controlled to ensure the native population and culture is preserved. This especially important in cases like the UK where much of the immigrant population brings with them unethical beliefs and practices. If there are unethical practices, you already have a justice system to deal with that. If your culture cannot survive people exercising their human rights, then it does not deserve to survive.
Of course you are.
Okay fine but you accept that it's true of authright at least, right?
Well, cops are a kind of Nazi. /libleft
Apart from Ibis and Rayla, nobody's actually seen him do primal magic.
&gt; Yeah that line from Senpai turned from someone who's just hoping for equality into someone who's clearly planning something sinister. I like how in the last episode he said he was going to blow up the school and people are still going "Hmmm..."
What, that he's the ghost of a middle school student? He's a ghost, he looks like a teenager, he's haunting a middle school, and he's wearing an old-fashioned school uniform. Ghosts generally do not have happy backstories.
*Almost*.
You say that like centrist liberalism hasn't been mainstream for centuries.
I mean, democratic states are generally more libertarian than autocratic ones.
Okay, so that's the hilariously obviously biased self-aggrandizing version. Now tell us what *actually* happened.
Oddly enough, no. At least, not with the same zeal that fascists do. Might be something about respecting the rule of law.
The flashpoints in the DLCs are great post-game content. Heavy Metal's flashpoints in particular culminate in what I'd say is the game's equivalent of an Ultimate WEAPON-style optional superboss.
The weird part is that he actually mentions the Phantom Mech ability in an event, although the event somewhat implies that actually it's just some fancy magical LosTech as opposed to actual magic.
Imbeciles would, certainly.
In one of the Discworld books, there's a bit where the Auditors of Reality want to understand why humans say a particular painting is beautiful, so they break it down atom by atom trying to find the beauty particle. Gender theory is the idea that our society's entire understanding of how gender works makes exactly the same mistake that the Auditors did.
The Terran Confederation is basically just the Star League, don't tell anybody.
I think the whole idea of violent revolution is built on a mistaken conception of what a revolution even *is*. A revolution is not the violent overthrow of the ruling class, it's a social paradigm shift that causes the ruling class to cease being the ruling class, with the violence coming afterwards when some members of the former ruling class fail to realize what's happened. Violent overthrow of the existing state without that society-wide paradigm shift is a mere coup, not a revolution, and can only ever result in the creation of a new state.
That does sound like something a nationalist would love.
That seems hypocritical, since if your state-mandated children aren't a part of the management caste than neither are you. Then again, trying to understand authcenter mirror-morality has never been my strong suit.
The SJWs are right about literally everything, though.
No, Kou said that he has the knife because he used it to kill someone *while he was alive*. He's not a murderous ghost, he's the ghost of a murderer.
I mean, I hate to say this, but Thor and Loki technically predate the Star Wars prequels by at least a thousand years.
CORE is a tyrannical AI intent on enslaving humanity. The empress is a psychopath who blew up the galaxy. "Neither" is pretty clearly intended as the morally correct choice, which is also why it's the hardest.
In traditional board games, to "capture" a piece is to remove it from the game. Overhaul is now utterly powerless, so he's metaphorically captured.
There's actually a perfectly good reason for why they didn't use Eri's power here, but the mods have decreed that I'm not allowed to tell you what it is, even with spoiler tags.
No, it's redemption, then atonement, as evil people have no desire to atone.
Edgelords and weebs are two very different things and should not be confused. Fortunately, "nothing personnel, kid" is specifically associated with edgy weebs.
That's... that's not what they said at all. What they said was that Bernie did not say that a woman couldn't win the presidency, but Warren did hear him say it. This is perfectly normal. Miscommunications happen all the time. One of them just happened right here. What you say and what people hear are two nearly completely unrelated things.
I mean, there's definitely a correlation.
Do you have evidence for that claim?
lol at the idea that authright's reaction would be anything but mockery.
It's almost certainly related to the end of the Pump Shiggy Full of Drugs program.
I mean, I'm all for blaming things on the British Empire, but I do think it's relevant that the Nazis also would have killed far less Jews if they hadn't decided to kill all the Jews.
But Tyrion didn't say "the last time the Targaryens rode dragons into the North", he said, "the last time the Targaryens rode dragons north". And obviously he isn't talking about the literal last time, but the most salient time. So any time a Targaryen rode a dragon to a place north of King's Landing could count.
The only real numbers are zero, one, and infinity. If you have a duty to help anyone but yourself, then you have a duty to help the entire rest of the world, and only having a duty to help yourself sure as hell isn't compassionate.
Overhaul bad, culture festival good.
Arcs in shounen battle series generally fall into one of three formats: * A fighting tournament, almost always single elimination, sometimes interspersed with more unusual rounds that nevertheless usually have some kind of combat-based solution. * There's a more or less equal number of good guys and evil minions. They pair off and fight a series of one-on-one duels. * There's one big bad guy, and the heroes take turns getting beaten by him until eventually one of them wins. Stuff like MHA's Stain arc, where the actual fight against the bad guy only lasts for fifteen minutes and the focus is really on the character development, is the exception, not the rule.
I think that might be the hairstyle and facial markings.
MHA has the best pacing in shounen battle manga overall. Everything else in the genre is a glacier. So by MHA's standards, yes, this arc was agonizingly slow. You shouldn't use manga with aggressively awful pacing like One Piece as a point of comparison.
It is absolutely a thing in the rest of the country. That's what you don't seem to get. It's just that when minorities do it, suddenly it's news.
Actually from your perspective it's probably straight sex.
That's no excuse to defend the Holocaust denier by saying, "You can't call him a Nazi just because he doesn't agree with you," which is what happens in practice.
By the principle of relevance, he must be saying something about the OP. The only thing in the OP he could possibly be talking about is the cartoon in the lower right quadrant. The cartoon depicts people who are holding swastika signs and signs that say "We are literal Nazis". These people are obviously meant to represent Holocaust deniers and other unambiguous Neo-Nazis. Therefore, he is saying that the cartoonist only called these people Nazis because he disagreed with them.
No, that's still a civil war. A revolution is a spontaneous, society-wide paradigm shift where everybody just agrees to stop doing what the ruling class says, sometimes followed by violence when the former ruling class doesn't get the memo.
We'll help, but you have to restore all the last reigning monarchs to their thrones. None of this "pretender" or "claimant" crap. The only King of France we'll accept is Louis XVI. Forever.
It's literally happening in this very thread. People are insinuating that the cartoon only depicts Neo-Nazis as Nazis because the artist disagrees with them.
&gt; The comic in the OP is a smuggies, enlightenedcentrist type comic intending to paint the left in a good light and the right in a bad, just like you're feeding into. The comic in the OP is intended to paint people who try to equate unambiguous Neo-Nazis with antifa as dishonest and disingenuous. That one group happens to be right-wing and the other group left-wing is honestly fairly immaterial. &gt; I'm using Ben/Steven as examples to push my counter reasoning. If you can stop reading the Ancient Greek debate rules and use a normal human thought process to follow the discussion, you would see that. I understand what you're *trying* to say, the problem is that what you're trying to say is not relevant to the subject at hand. Especially since you've apparently gravely misinterpreted the comic. &gt; Not true. You can call David Duke a Nazi because he has clearly displayed neo-Nazi views such as anti-semitism and white supremacy. But you cannot call Ben Shapiro a Nazi because he does not display the same traits. Why am I bringing up Ben? Because he gets grouped in with Duke despite literally being Jewish. That's where the difference is, that's why the OP comic is awful, and that's why you're defending retardation. Please explain to me how you justify your claim that the people carrying swastika signs, waving Confederate flags, and carrying signs that say "We are literal Nazis" are meant to represent people like Ben Shapiro rather than people like David Duke. This claim seems obviously wrong to me, and it's key to your entire argument.
&gt; The problem is not what the cartoon depicts, but that what the cartoon depicts is a strawman saying that there aren't right wingers who get called nazis without being so, you can't complain that an example for counter argument was brought up. ??? Okay, now I'm just confused, I'm not even sure what you're trying to say here. The cartoon has nothing to say about right-wingers who get called Nazis without being so, regardless of whether or not it exists. All the cartoon is trying to say is that it's foolish to say "Antifa and Neo-Nazis are equally bad".
I mean, from an authoritarian perspective, yeah.
\*cackles\* Oh, you absolute *fool*. We *ARE* the helicopters!
&gt; So, Dennis Prager secretly opposes war with Iran? Oh, no, *you're* lying about that one. &gt; And he secretly supports government intervention in the economy to protect American workers and take away cheap coloured labour from the wealthy? Absolutely. Dennis Prager would probably do anything to fuck over Mexicans. &gt; And, as a Jew, he secretly supports white identity? Almost openly does it, honestly. Don't ask me why, you have to be pretty stupid to be an authright Jew.
It's like the argument, "Even a child can see that X!" The child's opinion is not likely to be very insightful.
Not really. The "both sides bad" people generally seem to be angry at the very existence of antifa. They insist that the only appropriate way to deal with Nazis is too just ignore them while they rig up the gas chambers.
Ah, okay, yes, that makes more sense as something dumb enough for authright to believe.
Because we identify as them, obviously. Explaining the joke kind of kills the joke.
Boba Fett has *always* been a chump. The old EU went nuts glamorizing him, but in the actual movies he's really not that impressive. His entire legend is built exclusively on the rarity of his Kenner action figure.
The problem is, "real people from all walks" are just as corrupt as career politicians. All of those people have had a chance to fix the problem, and they refused. American politics is fucked because the character of the American people is fucked. We get the government we deserve.
No, it was a response to you saying this: &gt; As soon as I saw the “we are literal Nazis” and “Nazis r obviously bad I knew this post was made by a lib left or lib centre. That says nothing about the left saying all authrights are Nazis.
The only numbers are zero, one, and infinity.
Companies don't need an excuse to slash wages. They'll do it no matter what, even if it drives the company into the ground.
How is health insurance not relevant to the question of whether you can afford an apartment? You're legally required to have health insurance, so you have to subtract the cost before you can even think of spending money on shelter.
You gravely misunderstand. This isn't about the well-being of people who name minimum wage to them. It isn't about economics at all. It's about winning a culture war. They would rather be homeless than admit that Bernie Sanders is right about something.
Then we abolish private property because in a post-scarcity society it will no longer serve a valid purpose.
&gt; If you look a little further up in this thread, it’s like 1% of people who are working minimum wage jobs past the age of 25. [citation needed]
I think it's more likely the misleading title.
There is no point. Stellaris is a wargame and nothing else. I am very angry that it was falsely advertised as a 4X/grand strategy hybrid.
&gt; Have these words gained new meanings I'm not aware of? Apparently, yes. The UK is absolutely *not* a republic, in any sense. If you call yourself a "republican", little R, in the UK, it means that you want to abolish the monarchy. That is the definition of a republic: a state that is not a monarchy. Parliament is not republican, it is democratic. Similarly, Nazi Germany was a republic. If it wasn't, then what was it? A state can only be either a monarchy or a republic. Was Nazi Germany a monarchy?
I feel like the only person in the world who actually prefers Anglo-American food to "good" food. I think part of it is that the rest of the world just likes flavors that are way too strong, to the point that the food becomes inedible. Flavor is not the point of food. Texture is. The flavor is there to make the experience slightly more pleasant, but if it's too strong it overpowers everything else and ruins the meal. Obviously other people have different preferences. But I'm tired of being told that my preferred food is objectively bad. No, it's not, I just value different things in my food.
They actually think the interests of their nations matter.
Right, your first reply where you listed a bunch of ways in which they were oppressed and persecuted, we established that.
A good starting point is to explain that "Hanako of the Toilet" is a traditional Japanese ghost story.
It's an exaggeration of something I actually believe that uses a principle in software design as a metaphor and the word "spook" because it's funny.
&gt; I- do I really need to spell it out for you? UK literally gave it to the Jews as a gift. Israeli and Jew are not synonyms. &gt; Only 6% of US politicians are Jewish. None of then do it for religious reasons, they do it to please their jewish donors. This is not helping your "Jews secretly control the world" argument. You're also ignoring the practical reasons and, as I explained, the religious reasons for why *Christians* support Israel. &gt; I said most likely because the democratic party is progressing to the left very quickly so some dont take big donors. Do you have hard data, though? &gt; Yes, it's their fault 9/11 happened and they were in a time of emotional distress. Listen, I'm just gonna say this: When those towers were collapsing, they were in free fall. That is physically impossible. Look it up. They also found thermite in the buildings. The war on terror was an excuse for the Rothschilds to extend their grasp on the world and open up central banks in the middle east A time of emotional... the day before 9/11, American nationalists were on top of the world. They were unchallenged and had just torn an election from the quivering hands of real Americans. 9/11 didn't hit them at a state of unusual vulnerability. It hit them when they were at their peak. I'm not even going to address the truther nonsense, because it isn't even relevant. Even if every word of the official story is true, American nationalists, not al-Qaeda, are to blame for responding with total war on the Middle East. It follows that American nationalists, not whoever did 9/11, is responsible for the War on Terror. &gt; How brainwashed could you possibly be? Is it that damn bad to love your country? You are sick. [It's not love.](https://xy-06-j.mangapark.net/66/8c/5bbb60251a99c3276aedc866/31_740184_1456_2048.jpeg) &gt; The Democrat party has only recently been so progressive. Most dems before 2016 were establishment career politicians that were just as bad as the Republicans. Remember Obama and his drone strikes? Only because you can't win an election in America without appeasing the nationalists and Christian fanatics, who are the two biggest Zionist blocs.
What are you talking about? Hardpoints were added in MechWarrior 4, and they're a *feature* - they increase the difficulty of Mech customization and they give stronger characterization to the different chasses. This is like saying it's disappointing that we'd have to mod in 90s-era graphics.
He was complaining that vanilla doesn't work like this.
Yes. It's a matter of parsimony. Of course, monotheism is itself an application of the zero-one-infinity rule.
Okay, no, please do not inflict the horror of fully developed horns on Tiadrin.
So Germany was thirty times as evil, but still weaker. Got it.
Honestly I didn't find that flashpoint that challenging. The second mission does throw a lot at you, but you have plenty of support and the terrain is heavily in your favor. It was very easy to take down the first two waves and then scoot downhill past the third wave. Although shooting an Atlas in the face the turn it dropped in probably helped.
Unfortunately it really isn't that authentic. But it at least *reminds* me of an authentic Scottish accent.
True. But in this case there's very little difference between religion and nationalism.
They've gotta ban *something*, and all the reasonably dangerous categories are already banned, so what are they supposed to do?
Agreed, but only if you agree that all men are brothers.
No, she could still be crypto-leftist.
Ooh. I haven't been to Eleutheria yet, but this makes it looks fantastic. I'm not a fan of the new Reach or Albion compared to the old ones.
Sure, but that's not what they said. What they said was that they're "several tiers below Japanese voice acting", which could mean any number of things, but the most natural interpretation is "all English voice actors are hacks".
The Zero was a Japanese WWII plane.
Wait, you can get upvotes just for repeating what the last person said? Alexander, you are standing in my light. Move over.
The rule is that you have to treat others as you would like to be treated. Gay people get all the same rights as Mexicans. If you want to limit their rights, you necessarily have to limit your own.
Whoops! My bad.
There's a changelog for the Sovereign update? Where?
It's an infamously dark hentai manga. Yashiro is actually giving a fairly accurate summary of the plot, except she's leaving out the part where the girl's "coccoon" is being a reasonably healthy and well-balanced person and the one she loves is a psychopathic abuser.
"Uncut" means no footage has been *completely removed*. Altered footage is technically not cut.
I recently read the entirety of **The Books of the Raksura** by Martha Wells, and it fits the bill perfectly (hence why I recommended adding it to the FAQ). The protagonist is an orphaned shapeshifter, who can take either a quote-unquote "human" form (there are no real humans in this setting) or the form of a dark-scaled winged humanoid. He gets discovered by others of his kind and winds up learning that A, he's a prince; B, his people have highly matriarchal relationships among their royalty; and C, the local warrior-princess is in desperate need of a husband. The protagonist winds up being something of a tomboy by his species's standards, since he was raised by quasi-humans with more conventional gender roles, but he also has a feminine streak that gets expressed more strongly as the series goes on. Plus, beyond just the RR content, the series itself is great as a fantasy series, with excellent and thorough world-building and some incredible concepts.
So he's another authright?
Probably drunk. Who cares? The people have a right to use force against an oppressive state.
...getting banned from /r/protectandserve made you a fanatical supporter of the police? What?
Supporting the riots is economically left.
I beg to differ.
Because only racists believe that they're "indifferent", then get mad and defensive when someone calls them racist.
No, people who are genuinely indifferent say, "Whoops, sorry, my bad."
They do not.
Is it really? That's literally their name.
You seem to have missed the point. A person saying "Hahaha, people who don't want to gas the Jews are so dumb!" is still sincerely, non-ironically saying "gas the Jews!"
They support the real America, not the country that currently calls itself that.
If people were just looking for an excuse to steal shit, why are the riots only happening now?
But as you are demonstrating right now, the public's actual reaction would be "they were just looking for an excuse!". So that doesn't hold up.
How *dare* you criticize the great and sacred right? Don't you know all accusations made against the left are automatically true?! /s
You sure seem desperate to believe this isn't true.
I'm trying to help you expand your worldview.
NO THAT'S THE WRONG SOULLESS MEGACORPORATION
Of course it's satire.
I don't comprehend how anyone who cares about equality can't respect blue's attitude here. That's just how any reasonable person would act in this situation. Black is a troll, not a real libleft, obviously.
It's End Times stuff. GW did a big official story event that blew up the Warhammer world so they could launch a new product line. Lots of people hated it. Mannfred was directly responsible for the forces of Order losing the central conflict (Gelt was helping Teclis cast a spell that would have saved what was left of the world, but Mannfred had a grudge against Gelt for various reasons and decided that would be a *great* time to get revenge, with disastrous results) so he gets a lot of the hate for End Times in general.
Plus, SJWs are based anyway. They're the one kind of extremist that /r/PoliticalCompassMemes is too normie to celebrate.
Turn in your flair.
Isn't "absurd" what based means? Like, we all uncritically accept that people who want to kill all the Jews are based. Surely people who think that all heterosexual sex is rape are equally based.
Well they are.
Well, he has.
People who make anti-Semitic jokes generally advocate genocide.
I'm going to be honest, I stopped caring what you think when you admitted you came here from an imageboard.
&gt; Just get off this sub if you can't coexist with them This is totally fine, but "we ought to purge right-wing subs" isn't? Give me a fucking break.
NOBODY FUCKING CARES ABOUT "CENSORSHIP" God, this is the most bullshit fucking argument of all time. * "We should gas all the Jews"? That's totally fine. In fact, it's "based"! No criticism from us! * "Riots are the worst thing ever"? Yeah, we agree, fuck anything that threatens the stability of the state! * "Right-wing authoritarianism is bad"? NOOOOOO STFU YOUR NOT A REAL LIBLEFT! Like, as far as I can tell, your *entire model of libertarianism* reduces to whether someone supports absolute free speech for Nazis (and only Nazis), and nothing else. Someone could support a totalitarian genocidal police state run by megacorporations, but as long as they said Nazis were allowed to say whatever they want free of criticism, you'd consider them libleft. That's the impression you give me. Do you understand that? I'm out here fighting for the last remnants of genuine left-libertarian ideology on this subreddit while you simp for authrights, and you have the audacity to say that *I'm* not a real libleft? Where are your fucking principles?!
&gt; If they can't accept that criticism isn't censorship, then fuck them, who cares? Keep criticizing them, let them whine, don't prove such a dumb idea right. Just like how Info Wars got a huge boost in recognition after being censored. Let people you find stupid speak for themselves, and if it bothers you then argue with them, but you don't need to start capturing the entire framework of speech to win an argument or two. Okay, I'm curious. What do you actually think we disagree about? My position is: 1. Mere speech, including criticism should not be censored. 2. Speech acts (*especially* speech acts that are aimed at intimidating people into silence, such as threats, harassment, and hate speech) should be "censored". You've been criticizing me relentlessly for 2, but do you actually even disagree with it?
I've been using it as a go-to example of the sort of shit on this sub that pisses me off and has a chilling effect on free speech all day.
The Sturgians don't replace the Nords, though, they replace the Vaegirs.
When did I give even the slightest indication that I hate myself?
Young girls wear two-piece swimsuits all the time. So long as they're not especially revealing it's considered appropriate.
I'm familiar with the concept of moral luck, but I don't believe it applies here. There was a way the cops could have 100% guaranteed that no innocent citizen got shot.
Well, a number of people are claiming that all the dislikes are from last summer, and the show only aired this week, so it certainly *was* getting dislike bombed at one point, unless time travelers are involved. And even in that case, wow those time travelers are *assholes*.
Comedy is subjective. No show is going to be funny for *everyone*.
The lack of eyes is to show how isolated Ishigami feels.
Yes, but I neglected to mention that on this sub at the time.
The former.
&gt; It is best described, in brief, as the unsuccessful marriage of democracy and capitalism. No it isn't. That is, in fact, a rather useless definition of liberalism. We don't need a special term for "the unsuccessful marriage of democracy and capitalism", because democracy and capitalism are unrelated concepts that just happened to coincide due to historical accident. We don't need an umbrella term to refer to both, just like we don't need an umbrella term to refer to democracy, capitalism, and whatever architectural style became popular in the late 18th century. Using the term "liberalism" to refer specifically to the combination of democracy and capitalism implies that the two concepts are connected in some way, that you cannot have one without the other, and so it makes sense to talk about them as a single unit. In reality, this is not the case. &gt; There's some argument to be made that socialism is the resolution to what liberalism promises (freedom, equality, etc), but by necessity, it is nothing like liberalism. Any ideology which tries to be the resolution to what liberalism promises is inherently liberal, because liberalism *is the idea that those things have value*. In order to be illiberal, and ideology must not value those things.
&gt; There is no liberal philosopher, thinker, or politician who didn't see the enshrinement of private property and subservience to the market as inherently part of liberalism. There is no liberalism without those two things, and those two things are what give you capitalism. &gt; If you want to be a fucking nerd about it, I can drag you through Locke, Rousseau, Smith, or even someone modern and reformed like Keynes, and they're all gonna say some variant of this. So Locke, Rousseau, Smith, and Keynes were all wrong about what liberalism is. So what? I'm already saying that modern leftists use the wrong definition, I might as well say that a bunch of dead men used the wrong definition, too. &gt; But I'm not gonna do that because who the fuck cares? We are socialists here, at a minimum. It is not our job to rehabilitate a failed ideology, it's to bring people to a new, better one, that empowers the working class. You misunderstand. I'm not interested in "rehabilitating a failed ideology". I'm interested in promoting clear communication. The way leftists use the word "liberalism" is directly harmful to communicating with liberal capitalismists, and reinforces their mistaken belief that leftism is inherently anti-democratic.
I'm still trying to figure out why they thought bringing back the Emperor was a good idea. Like, did they just not notice that the go-to justification for why tossing the old EU was a good decision was "no more Palpatine clones"?
&gt; The Force Awakens is a good balance of how to reintroduce a franchise. It gave fanservice while bringing something a bit new to the table while also not going off the deep end. With Disney realizing that they can add something to canon without the fans being outspoken against them, but in reality with them, they decided to go even further. This is the Last Jedi's problem. TFA was pretty safe and keep well within canonicity and didn't feel like bullshit, TLJ was a way way way way different and radical movie which swiftly turned the fanbased against Disney. Then, (and in all honesty I think The Rise of Skywalker wasn't a bad movie) JJ Abrams was left to bring back a sort of balance of nostolgia and change, but his effort could only do so much from trying to save the trilogy from the second episode. Just so we're clear - almost everything wrong with the sequels is the fault of The Force Awakens. Not only did it have zero identity of its own, but it was drowning in "mystery box" bullshit that set TLJ (the best sequel, being merely mediocre instead of actively bad) up to fail. The only problem with the sequels that isn't TFA's fault was Rise of Skywalker resurrecting Palpatine, which incidentally also completely invalidates the decision to scuttle the old EU. What's the point of throwing out the entire EU if we're only going to canonize the worst and most widely-hated parts of it?
The institution of policing doesn't "exist to" protect the interests of the elite. It exists to uphold the law. Those are two very different things, because the law is not dictated by the elite alone, but rather is the product of negotiation between several different sections of society. The elite certainly have an unjustly strong influence on the law, and unjust laws exists as a result, but this is a bug, not a feature. *Some* system of law is necessary for a just society, and any institution that upholds such a system is a policing institution by definition, even if you call them "community watch groups" instead of "police departments". All cops that actually exist are bastards, both because of the rampant corruption in the system and because of the existence of unjust laws. But even a hypothetical anarchist utopia would still have people you might as well call cops.
Sam Vimes is also cool.
Exactly.
&gt; If your friend is doing something wrong and you're not calling then out then your also the issue. That's the point.
Because if there's one thing Darth Vader would never do, it's murder innocent children, right?
Yes. &gt; Star Wars is big and vast with space and huge battles. Star Wars is a lot of things. Space and huge battles is certainly part of what Star Wars is, but by no means all of it. &gt; And then there are enemies. Half the enemies are weird aliens and creatures. Weird aliens and creatures are a huge part of Star Wars. &gt; And when you do fight storm troopers most of them are melee enemies. I do find myself wishing there were more Stormtroopers and less Scout Troopers, but that's a minor issue.
I'd say last fall. It was a genuinely good community to be a part of at the time.
False. Arson is not violence unless the building has people in it.
The latest episode.
I just... wow, I don't even know where to start with this comment. Have you ever considered the possibility that maybe you don't know literally everything? Maybe we can start there.
chan culture was a mistake.
They'd get farther than someone criticizing white supremacy on this sub.
Fuck the EU as an exercise in state-building but the globalism is cool.
So what? You can technically post Nazi apologia on /r/politics without it getting removed.
The greater Reddit culture allows more political discussion than this sub does.
Nationalism is inherently authoritarian. Nations are spooks, they have no real significance, yet nationalism demands that we infringe people's freedoms to respect them. How can you be libleft and not believe in open borders, for example? There's no way you can justify that violation of people's liberty without appealing to right-wing or authoritarian ideas. There are many problems with the EU, but the way it breaks down arbitrary and meaningless national identities isn't one of them.
I mean, they tried only talking about economics in 2016 and look where that got them. The one thing Trump has conclusively proven is that acting childish and ridiculous wins elections.
Are you saying that you think orange man is *good*?
The thing is, it's not Trump himself that people really hate. It's the fact that some people don't hate Trump. Trump is, by any reasonable standard, one of the worst people in the world - a narcissistic, racist, incompetent manchild, the real-world equivalent of Joffrey Baratheon. This is so obvious that anyone who claims to disagree must be lying. The entire point of our system of government is to make sure that a person like Trump can never be president. That he *is* president is had enough, but that some people think this is a *good thing* is what really makes people angry. They don't hate Trump, they hate his supporters, because Trump's supporters actively believe that the worst person in the world should be in charge of it. Trump is merely a symbol that represents these monsters and their vile anti-morality. All the human capacity for evil is represented in the fact that Trump supporters want Trump to be president, just because they want to hurt people for no reason.
This is why police officers should not have a right to self-defense in the course of their duties. A cop who's afraid for his life should be willing to die rather than harm a potentially innocent civilian.
A big reason everyone's talking about right now is because so much stuff this season got canceled, so it has no real competition for anime of the season. That said, yes, it's really good. It has great comedic writing, great visual direction, and great characters, and it's refreshingly free of tired anime romcom cliches.
Monarchism is the cool authright, though. Every other form of authright philosophy is this weird narcissistic bullshit from people who want to be the master race or whatever, and then you have the monarchists who just want to serve the rightful king and/or queen. It's refreshing to see any selflessness at all from that quadrant, even when it's misdirected.
I do think there's room for a story that shows stormtroopers one a sympathetic light. Not in a "oh, there are good guys on this side, too" kind of way, but in a "being a sympathetic person does not make you incapable of evil" kind of way.
Yes?
We've been over this. The show is extremely memeable and there's very little else airing because of COVID. And at least there are new and fresh Kaguya-sama memes every week, they aren't all just slight variations on two or three jokes.
Shirogane (the blond-haired boy) is the school's top student and president of the student council. His public image is that he's perfect at everything. Secretly, though, he's *extremely* uncoordinated. Chika (the pink-haired girl) is the student council's secretary, who's normally a happy-go-lucky ditz. Unfortunately for her, she stumbled on Shirogane practicing volleyball, and he was *so* awful at it that she couldn't help herself from coaching him, even though it was a huge amount of work. Then later the same thing happened again when she found out he was tone deaf. In this scene, Shirogane needs to perform the soran dance (a traditional Japanese folk dance) at the upcoming sports festival, and he's asked Chika to help him practice. Unsurprisingly, he is a *terrible* dancer. Meanwhile, Chika is just resigned to this shit.
It's to show how isolated Ishigami feels.
&gt; X is having sex with the same sex, not X is having sex with a woman. Why? Isn't "having sex with a woman" clearly the same action regardless of your own sex?
Why is it that people only care about black on black crime when the subject of police brutality comes up?
That I don't have an answer to either way. I'm just explaining my understanding of the Supreme Court's argument.
If MLK was in this generation, he wouldn't be subjected to cancel culture. He *would* be accused of hating white people, though.
&gt; Well yes, but I can imagine that if you were to put an x-wing in a liquid substance it would malfunction. Well, it can't *fly* in that medium, because water is heavy, but the evidence suggests that it wouldn't take any serious damage.
Nah, it's just the chan culture rejects who took over this sub that hate me.
The US right is *breathtakingly* authoritarian. The American left is a bit too authoritarian (and right-wing) for my tastes, too, but at least they're not cheerleaders for an unaccountable, militarized police force.
No, progressives like Bernie are also liberals. And so are socialists. Yeah, you heard me, I called socialists liberals. Fight me IRL.
We're back in business, actually!
King of Dragon Pass and its successor/prequel, Six Ages.
I mean, *any* ship can do that, it's just physics.
Yes. That's the joke.
Well then just make good unions instead, problem solved.
Mitch McConnell is every unpleasant stereotype of politicians rolled into one person.
You know the bad guys from Star Wars Episode I? Not Darth Maul, the Trade Federation guys. Mitch McConnell is one of them but in real life.
Otomo did nothing wrong, though.
The king is throwing a party at the palace tonight for his pet bear.
Everyone sips water and touches the floor, though, whereas only a tiny handful of people use edgy internet memes. There's a meaningful correlation, although I agree that it isn't outright proof.
I wouldn't say OP was an idiot, just talking without thinking first. I only want to promote clear communication, that's all.
No problem. Satire is specifically the use of humor to criticize something.
I wasn't saying you were part of the third group. That is, until you said you "fucking hate SJWs". Now I am. There's no such thing as an anti-SJW with a legitimate opinion.
Oh, so you *do* think it's still 2012.
All I'm trying to say is that my position is self-consistent. You called me "hypocritical". That means you have to prove me wrong using nothing more than what I myself believe. That some people disagree with me is not relevant.
Well, yes, obviously, you've made that clear. But I also disagree with you. That's something you're just going to have to live with.
Wakanim.tv. Mostly serves European countries.
Are they actually trying to defend those two from even the most banal criticism, or are they just trying to argue that in a flawed democracy like the US you have to vote for the lesser of two evils? There's a pretty massive difference between those two things.
&gt; I had a comment on there get removed for pointing out the fucking ice cream thing was an advertisement for a big DNC donor and right wingers were right to drag her for it. If right-wingers were right to drag Pelosi for "the ice cream thing", whatever that is, then it follows that right-wingers must be right about everything else, too. No, that doesn't make logical sense, but it's nevertheless how politics works. If you don't instinctively understand that, then you can't discuss politics safely.
&gt; Law and ethics aren't the same. If you want that discussion then we can have it but it has no bearing on this discussion when we're talking about the legality. We're not talking about the legality, though. Where on earth did you get the idea that anyone even remotely cared about the legality? &gt; Gas station attendents are held to a lower standard. So you're wrong again. Asking a person to let someone try to kill themselves without the ability to defend themselves is idiotic and no one in their right mind would do it. Then I guess nobody in their right mind is qualified to be a cop and we need some other way to enforce the law.
Protip: Don't accuse others of acting in bad faith while referring to what was clearly an honest mistake as a "hoax".
&gt; Imagine thinking a story that amounts to “revenge bad, updoots to the left” is at all groundbreaking or riveting in any way comparable to the original. They didn't say that or anything vaguely like it. They just said that they liked the game.
I'm pretty sure that background in the second panel is straight from Avatar.
If you gave him the white pinwheel and then abducted him like he asked, then you can find him in the Halls of Illusion (where you fight the Folding Screen Monkeys) and he'll give you a reward.
Alright, here's a quick-and-dirty comparison: **Dark Souls** * Dark fantasy theme. You're an undead adventurer in a medieval European fantasy setting that's slowly falling apart as the coming Age of Darkness approaches. * Heavy RPG elements and a wide variety of possible character builds. * Intricate multiplayer mechanics. * Methodical combat, where the focus is on avoiding unnecessary risks. **Bloodborne** * Gothic Horror theme. You're a monster hunter in a Victorian Era city, and you fight werewolves, vampires, angry mobs, and similar things. * A balance of action and RPG elements. A fairly limited set of character builds. * Not especially intricate multiplayer, but it's there. * Combat is still somewhat methodical, but you're encouraged to move forward and take more risks. **Sekiro** * Feudal Japanese theme. You're a ninja charged with rescuing your young master from a warlord, who plans to sacrifice him as part of a supernatural ritual that he thinks will protect his domain from the Shogun's armies. * An actual plot. * Almost no RPG elements, and no multiplayer. * Stealth and platforming elements. * Combat is fast-paced and reward aggression. Fundamentally, this is a game about banging swords together. All three games are very difficult, but skills in one don't necessarily transfer to the others.
She's dressed up as an enemy known for exploding, what do you think?
Where's "not getting hit by attacks you totally 100% parried this is bullshit"? ...sorry, I might be a frustrated after dying to Corrupted Monk twenty times in a row.
Oh, god, now you assholes are on this sub, too? Libleft exists. Deal with it.
Jokes still have to make sense, dude.
Different girl on the cheer squad.
