Pretty much the same but without a huge circle as part of the display. \*Getting downvoted, but someone posted a link which says the wheel wasn't used until 2003/4 fireworks
The distinction is made to differentiate between addiction to a substance which affects the brain to cause a pleasurable feeling, and addiction to a behaviour which causes the brain to produce its own substances which cause the pleasurable feeling ... you are correct that the brain and the substances are physical in both cases, but that's not how the words are being used - the words are used to describe the thing to which the person is addicted.
My husband recently bought a pair of [straight cut jeans from FatFace](https://www.fatface.com/men/clothing/jeans?prefn1=style&amp;prefv1=mjeansstraight&amp;selectedFilter=style), and he says they are the most comfortable pair he's ever had - they are certainly straight and not tapered - have you tried there?
Oh, should I not have mentioned that he is perpetuating a dangerous myth?
You seem to have got your stereotypes muddled up there
You managed to cram at least 5 errors of logic into that one short statement - I spotted 3 immediately then spotted another 2 while typing a response, so there might be yet more
They do a lot of farmhouse style sideboards in Cotswold Co - not exactly the same as that but this one has the [similar style of pull out baskets and it's 138cm wide](https://www.cotswoldco.com/living-room-furniture/tv-stands/farmhouse-natural-tv-stand/)
You are speaking here as if all women do not want sex and do not enjoy it, while all men want sex and enjoy it - but it's not as simple as that - there are women who enjoy sex and who seek a man to satisfy their desires, and there are men who don't enjoy sex and who only do it to please their woman. Perhaps these are minority cases, but they do prove that your generalisation is wrong, and that it would be wrong to teach girls that when they are adult, sex is a commodity which they give to men as a reward.
If the concept of 'gender' corresponds to the sexes, then some people are born neither male nor female - they have one of the many intersex conditions - perhaps tending more towards male or female in appearance but are biologically neuter, so you would allow for that in the corresponding gender category - so it would be at least three genders - male, female, and neuter.
Our rubbish and recycling collection has been pretty good for many years - and the dead-fox-in-a-bag collection was very quick when I used it
No, they don't see each other as ''all the same'' simply because they are wearing uniform ... you would have to stand a very long way back to see them all as the same ... if you are right there in the class with them, you see each other as very different individuals
Are you having difficulty making friends at school and you think that it would be easier if you were allowed to wear what you like?
No, I'm not *assuming* anything, I'm *asking* because that's how you come across ... and your other accusations don't even make sense ... if you are feeling defensive and paranoid it doesn't mean that I am deliberately making you feel like that
How often do you accuse other people of ''gaslighting'' you? I would be willing to bet that I am not the first person you have accused of that. And where did I accuse you of being ''a salty teenager with a complex''? That is something you brought here inside your own mind - it's not something I said.
Well that is quite different to the view that you presented: ''... there is no way of knowing if the person you're paying for sex is being kidnapped/abused. To knowingly have sex with someone you have no idea is a willing participant is in my opinion, rape ...''. So have you changed your view?
I'm not saying that people shouldn't be rushed to hospital and saved - you have obviously misunderstood the point there ... also it's a bit of a myth that ''adequate mental health services'' can stop people from harming and killing themselves
Using italics for emphasis is an act of self-righteousness in your mind, is it?
Exactly!
I edited my original comment, because it seems a lot of people like you have misunderstood the question
That's irrelevant, and does not address the point I made
I'm not sure how that could ever be proven - it's not easy to quantify such a thing, so basically you are just trying to discredit my opinion because you don't agree with me
Ah, I see the problem - you have totally misunderstood everything I said and then declared it to be ''stupid''
Or maybe you badly misinterpreted me because you make assumptions and leaps of logic and jump to conclusions
You could go right back to the beginning of the thread and you could read my original comment again without any assumptions or leaps of logic and see if you can take it for what it is instead of adding a whole heap of your own prejudices and emotional reactions onto it - then you might get the point
I do play FPL, yes - he asked a question and I answered it - I wasn't claiming to be an expert or giving advice to anyone, I just enjoy the game
Perhaps he meant ''If I see one more of these programmes I will literally switch my television off'' ... but I'm skeptical that he would even go that far
There are some people who just want to live out their fantasy full time, for the pleasure of it - your view is like saying there is no reason to go and live on an island unless you are desperately unhappy living on the mainland.
I would say a bottle of water and a notepad are useful things to have with you when you go out, and don't need to be ditched
That's a very nicely composed photo too :)
Yeah, I shouldn't have said ''none of them'' - I realised that about a day and a half ago but left it there because taking my punishment will teach me a lesson
I'm not sure what you are hinting at, but not everyone who has XY chromosomes is born male
Zygotes do not have gonads, or any other organs
Yes - you haven't said anything which refutes what I said
If this becomes a regular occurrence, it might be worth getting a kettle and tea and mug in your room, like hotel rooms have
I don't think the Anglo-Saxons were the original inhabitants though - didn't they invade?
I don't think the word ''literally'' is appropriate here, and also I don't think my advocacy for the rights of female people can be accurately translated to ''trans people make you mad''
It looks like you haven't been following the thread - I already addressed that suggestion
It's a privilege, not a right, to have people use your preferred pronouns when those pronouns are not in accordance with your sex.
When I was young, all male children were referred to as ''he'', and all female children were referred to as ''she'' ... now it is being treated like a crime if anyone refuses to use the pronouns which the child requests. You support this change of rule.
Yes, it started with good intentions, but the end result is that the words ''man'' and ''woman'' have become utterly meaningless, and female people no longer have a nice colloquial word to use to describe themselves, and are being aggressively silenced when they try to speak about social changes which are detrimental to them - and the changes in language usage is one of the tools which is being used to silence them
So do you think that if we allow muslims to say prayers over their animal slaughter in this country, it will lead to atheism becoming a crime? You haven't explained what even the next step would be
Unfortunately I'm not allowed to talk about it in this thread - new rules - but it's not just hypothetical - female people are actually being disadvantaged right now because of the new laws. So anyway, in accordance with the new subreddit rules, we are allowed to talk about the meaning of the word ''man'', if you have any thoughts on what that might be.
Years ago, I phoned the relevant government office to ask if I could be removed from the electoral register so that I could avoid being called up for jury service, and a bloke told me that it was a legal requirement to be on the list - he also said that doing jury service was ''interesting'' and did not accept that I could have any valid reason not to want to do it.
Final update on my long quest to resolve being banned from r/soccer ... after several polite requests, and being muted for 72 hours between each request, it gradually became apparent that, after years of impeccable behaviour and no trouble in that subreddit, I was banned for expressing a political opinion which one of the mods disagreed with - it was the only time I had expressed a political opinion in that subreddit - usually talked about football - but there was a discussion about footballers being coerced into supporting political campaigns, so my comment was in an appropriate place. I tried to resolve the issue by saying that I was willing to promise to never express a political opinion again, and only stick to football, but no, muted again with another curt reply. So I left it a couple of weeks and then sent another message to ask if any of the other mods would be willing to discuss the problem with me and resolve it. Muted again, presumably by the same mod who had banned me. Then a couple of days later, out of the blue, with no warning, I was suddenly banned from the whole of reddit for 3 days for ''harassing'' the mods of r/soccer. I was very upset that the reddit admins did not speak to me with a warning, and very upset that not one of the r/soccer mods was willing to talk with me to resolve the ban and give me another chance.
If you strip away the confusing distractions of the veneer of civilisation in which we live, I think female people are instinctively aware that they are significantly physically weaker than male people, and would need to appeal to, and appease, male people in order to survive in the wild, especially when they have babies to care for
When I was young, my parents had a stack of old 78 rpm's - they were really thick with big holes in the middle, probably from the 1950's - I think a lot of them got broken and/or possibly dumped, but I'm wondering if they would have been worth much nowadays?
Not all social change is good, you know, when it is detrimental to one group in favour of another group
I don't think I have done that - would you like to back up your accusation with some evidence?
So what does the ''fold'' represent in your analogy? Who is in it and who is excluded from it? And all of your sarcasm about isolating ''women'' from each other looks very familiar - I'm pretty sure we have discussed this and this is how you dismissed any concerns for female people, by just making a facetious comment to show your contempt for them. Anyway, if you pretend that we haven't talked about it again, maybe I'll remember next time and won't bother feeding you.
So your ''bringing them into the fold'' analogy crumbles to dust because they are not being excluded from society. The only way your analogy works is if you are talking about bringing males into the female fold. And how can I believe that you are being anything other than facetious when you talk about putting all female prisoners in solitary confinement? We both know that you are not seriously suggesting it, we both know that this is just your way of ending any chance of a sensible discussion. And I'm pretty sure I've told you why I won't go looking for links to show you about news reports of females being attacked by transgender women - because no amount will be enough to change you view.
Well you certainly do believe some wild and untrue things - like that for example - you believe that I don't think you are human - in fact I very much do think you are human - what you are doing here is projecting - you are the one who doesn't think I am human - perhaps you hate me so much because you hate yourself eh
Does spork ruin your nice subreddit as much as I did? It's never ending, isn't it, getting rid of those who are unworthy to share your space - poor you
I'm running out of places to speak about issues which are, to me, very important in our society - but it is literally impossible to speak about the harmful effects of the new gender identity politics without getting banned from most subreddits - being calm and civil is not enough, because it is the content of my message that is so intolerable to the extremists - they don't have facts and sound reasoning on their side, so all they have is vilification and censorship. So anyway, I will sit back and watch what happens next in r/ uk.
I don't know, you are the one who is repeatedly calling me ''delusional'' for not agreeing with you - so maybe you can explain exactly how I am ''delusional'' and then I can examine whatever facts or reasoning you present me with
I don't know what you are getting at - me or him, and what?
I have read everything that you said to me - if I missed something, maybe it was removed by mods? Could you repeat it here, or link to what you think I have missed?
You could always block me, you know
Well that just goes to show how much of my view you have understood, if you seriously believe that is anywhere near my view - you are so vastly wrong that it looks like you have just made it up without even reading anything I have said
You're so hilarious - not
I never once talked about gender identity politics in your subreddit, and I wouldn't - I really want to trust you but I know I will be even more hurt if you ban me again
If they all have to share kitchen and bathroom and dining/lounge facilities, there is a problem
On my page, there were only 3 tweets complaining about Audi - that wasn't enough to change my view of Audi - because even the best companies will get some complaints via Twitter - I think if there was a bad review from a reputable motoring magazine that would have a far greater effect
I think this is the stage of the discussion where it becomes apparent that you were never seriously trying to understand why it is unwholesome for a male to joke about raping a female just because you disagree with her political views
Would you like to explain?
No, I was responding to your view, as expressed thus: ''...the men should nominate her for eviction while explicitly stating that their reasoning is that they simply will not tolerate misogyny - even if the misogynist is a woman'' and ''Having the men unite to stand up against misogyny is what this season should all be about and I cannot think of a better example of how to do demonstrate that.'' And I'm saying that there is a paradox in your view, that men know better than women how to be a good and proper feminist, and men kicking a woman out of a community in the name of standing up for women. You don't seem to be getting the point, that you are advocating for male-dominated feminism.
I restated my response along with the specific quotes to which I was responding, to see if that would click with you how ironic your view is, but you're still not getting it - ie. that you are advocating for male-dominated feminism, where men decide what is the right way to be a feminist, and seek to silence the women who don't submit to their authority on the matter
You didn't have to speak to me in the first place, you know, so there's no need to be so rude
I've noticed this, and wondered if it was originally because they thought people would only buy a few items in one trip - but one advantage is that if the tiny packing area gets full, the cashier will have to stop until you catch up with your packing
I'll tell you my rank first, and then if you're still interested, I'll list my squad - it's only 1,663,113 - not very impressive haha
Squad value £98.2m In the bank £3.0m
OK, but it still renders the word ''woman'' meaningless and useless as a means of conveying information. When the concept of ''woman'' has become as nebulous as the concept of ''spirit'' or ''soul''.
OK, that's fine, if ''woman'' is nothing more than a feeling now, but it's still pretty meaningless if everyone is using it for a different feeling. If someone says ''I feel like a winner'' they are saying that they feel they have accomplished something, because the word ''winner'' has a well defined meaning, so we know what they are feeling *like*, and they are not claiming to *be* a winner - but what does it mean to feel like a ''woman'' if ''woman'' has no definition any more?
This discussion isn't about who cares though, and also isn't about who gets the right to define themselves as a ''woman''. This discussion is about whether is it exclusionary or not if a female defines herself as a ''woman'' due to being female.
I'm talking about the women who were taught that ''woman'' means ''female'' and that is why they call themselves women. They never *chose* it, it was taught to them that that is what they *are*, because of their biological sex. So the only ''choice'' they made was the choice to keep that label which had been put on them. They are still using the word ''woman'' in the way it was taught to them, to mean ''female'', which does exclude male people from being ''women''.
In my first season, I read an article with some tips for playing, and the only tip I can remember is ''Just keep playing'' because as the season goes on, more and more people drop out and abandon their teams, so you can climb up just by default of them dropping down if you get half decent scores every round
''Answering back'' to mods is deemed offensive in this subreddit though - it's like getting a yellow card in football for ''dissent'' if a player challenges the ref's unfair/wrong decision
I was only correcting the misleading statement that children won't be given hormones until their mid-teens - because this leaves the uninformed reader with the impression that younger children are not being medicated - but they *are* given hormone-interference drugs which cause irreversible effects and long term health risks. Are you trying to claim that I have made an untrue statement?
I don't think it's necessary to go into specific detail just for the purpose of correcting a misleading statement. You even agree that there are risks.
If there is something else you want to discuss, that's also fine, since you seem to have realised that you won't find any examples of me being an abusive mod.
It might be easiest to force it to run out from under the bed by poking a stick under there, and then trap it under a bowl or box while it runs away
1) The message of the ban is that I have no right to defend myself when I am being attacked, and that my attackers will be treated with greater leniency. This is intolerable, and is effectively a permanent ban. 2) Like I said before, if you don't think you can treat people with decency when you are moderating, maybe you are taking on too much moderating. 3) Yes, I know you don't care, that is very obvious. 4) In r/ UK I haven't seen any female people continuing to speak out against males being allowed in places which were previously reserved for females. If any do, they are very quickly silenced. You have been instrumental in silencing them.
1) OK, not 'primary intended or ostensible message' then, but perhaps a message more in the sense of 'meaning' or 'consequence'. 2) Perhaps trying to moderate r/UK is too much for you then, if you can't do it in a fair and decent manner. 3) You clearly care about using your mod functions to purge your beloved subreddit of females who speak out against males being allowed in places which were previously reserved for females. 4) I am not free to post as before if I will be banned for defending myself when I am attacked. That is no kind of freedom. You have effectively silenced me in that subreddit by censoring and banning me, just because you don't agree with my politics.
And not getting very meaningful answers - apparently it's nothing more than a feeling now.
Did you read all my posts in this thread which explain in detail the answer to that question?
1) If you go back and read my comments, you will see me explain how I am effectively banned. 2) I know how to be popular - I know how to say popular things - I know how to sell my soul and please people - I don't need lessons from you on that - it's not what I come here for. I come here to express my real thoughts and feelings. I do accept downvotes for posting unpopular opinions. What is intolerable is being banned for defending myself. 3) I didn't respond in kind - I calmly refuted the false accusations without resorting to the behaviour of those who were attacking me - I still got banned.
I did not cause them *any* work whatsoever - none of my comments deserved to be removed, and I did not do anything deserving of a ban - all the trouble was being caused by those people who were attacking me - mods punishing me for the appalling behaviour of others is like expelling the gay kid from school because the teacher got sick of all the noise when he was being beaten up. Problem solved, peace and quiet in r/ UK.
Female castration would be removal of the ovaries, which are deep inside the pelvis - there is no tribe which traditionally does that to all the females, or it would be the end of the tribe.
Personally, I've never voted Labour, so the whole drama show would be entertaining and amusing if it was confined within a party which have no chance of ever being in power - but not only do they have every chance of coming to power, but this same debate is happening in the whole of society, and every major party, including the Conservatives, are coming down on the side of males.
It's not a case of not accepting that transgender people exist - I accept that - they have always existed - it's a case of not accepting that a male person can become female - and certainly does not magically become female just by saying ''I am a woman'' which is what we are being asked to accept
Within the Labour Party, apparently yes
I meant that we are being asked to accept it by the transgender rights campaigners who are pushing for the new laws - and the Labour Party has made it clear that they expect their members to accept it - and they will almost certainly be voted into power sooner or later so they can impose their beliefs on everyone
It obviously isn't representing the views of *all* its members - and not even a majority - it looks like a noisy minority are getting their own way because the vast majority either don't care or are too afraid to oppose the noisy minority
There has been vastly more harassment and bullying coming from transgender rights campaigners than from their female opposition
''males are *so much more* oppressed''
If you go back more than a year or two, you would find me using almost everyone's requested pronouns, apart from 3 people - and I discovered that it's a red herring - it makes absolutely no difference to how much people hate me, because it's not the pronouns, it's the beliefs behind the pronouns which they hate
You seem to think there is such a thing as ''thinking like/feeling like a female'' but you have no idea what it means ... and you're still not getting that males are not female - what do they teach in biology at school these days?
It's already in the rules in the sidebar: &gt; Please do NOT start a new thread that simply links to another a thread already present in this sub
Not any more confused than anyone else on this issue, no matter what their personal policy is
I test my biscuits before dunking, and if they break, I dunk the pieces separately - no wastage of biscuits and fewer incidents of breaking into the tea
Not sure about 'Petal Blossom Rainbow' - that could be herbal tea, or bubble bath
Although unpopular opinions are not officially banned in this and many other subreddits, there are a couple of ways in which moderators can censor those who express unpopular opinions - and this has happened to me many times - one way is that the moderators will remove an entire thread if there are a lot of aggressively hostile responses to the person who is defending the unpopular opinion - even if that person remains civil, they will be blamed for the uproar and have all their comments removed. Another way is that they will remove comments which they deem to be breaking rules, but they will apply the rules much more strictly to those who are expressing unpopular opinions - so they will allow aggressive and vile personal insults towards the person, and if the person responds with ''You are being rude and aggressive'' that will be deemed to be against the rules of politeness, and they will have all their comments removed.
There is no ''should'' in evolution ... gender roles evolve in many animals because it benefits the survival chances of the species, but that doesn't lead to any imperative for individual humans to follow those roles ... in modern society, in an over populated world, we have the luxury of being able to abandon our primitive roles without any threat to the survival of the species
No, I didn't imply it, you assumed it ... and yes, it is human nature to divide into groups and to make war over territory - it is part of the evolutionary process of the species to invade and to slaughter and enslave each other and attempt genocide - this isn't a moral judgement, this isn't a moral imperative, it is an observation of what we do
Not fruitless - it takes a lot of courage to be among the first to rebel against oppressive rules, but if enough women are inspired to join in, it will change their culture
You said ''she hates women'' which is a generalisation and in the context of you being disappointed that she is not the right kind of feminist.
You missed the point entirely, you just switched to a completely different argument
My opinions are not comparable to that though - I'm saying there's nothing wrong with *my* opinions, not that there's nothing wrong with *your* opinions
No, that's not my opinion - you have misunderstood the difference between 'gender identity' and 'biological sex' ... my opinion is that a person cannot literally change their biological sex - and this is not comparable to racism
I was banned for expressing my opinions and for being attacked and for refuting false claims which were being made against me - I did not do anything which deserved a ban - and it is effectively a permanent ban
I've found that people really show their true colours when I get into discussions on the subject of violent males being housed in ''women's'' prisons - the issue tends to highlight how much empathy they have with female people and how much they care about the concerns of female people.
You started by asking me what my solution is, when I had already spelled out my solution at the end of my post, and you have already read it and responded to it. No, I don't have you ''tagged'' - I don't have anyone ''tagged'' - it is clear from your post that you care more about the transgender women in this situation than you do about the female prisoners. And you highlight that by not even acknowledging that females would be at a disadvantage compared to males if they were housed with violent males. And why would a male's ''gender identity'' make him any more or less of a target for abuse if he was deemed to be ''effeminate''? There was a story this week which created much discussion on this issue - a middle aged male was convicted of burglary, and during his house-breaking adventures, he had gone into a teenage girl's bedroom and filmed himself wanking while wearing her underwear - now there is a campaign to allow him to be housed in a ''women's'' prison - and it says a lot about a person when they either support the campaign or oppose it. Do you think he should be housed in the women's prison? Your original statement would suggest that you do.
No marriage is ''illegitimate'' if it is recognised by the law of the land - that is the definition of ''legitimate''.
You must have an enormous kitchen bin!
I don't know what an ''Eastern European bride situation'' is - there are many different cultures in Eastern Europe. Each individual marriage has to be assessed on all the relevant factors to be able to say whether that specific marriage is prostitution or not.
Do you get it now?
I thought I had spelt it out pretty clearly - if you don't see any problem with men telling women that they are doing feminism wrong, I don't know how to explain it to you
Yes, this is one aspect of the problem - but it is not ''meaningless'' to be an ally to those women who the man agrees with - it is meaningful to him and to them
I didn't say there is anything ''wrong'' with men expressing opinions - I've only been explaining to OP the irony of men telling women that they are doing feminism wrong - it is an unsolveable problem when men take sides in the conflict within feminism - I'm not saying they shouldn't do it
Although it is unpleasant to be accused of ''transphobia'' it is important that as many people as possible do not allow that fear to silence them from speaking their perfectly reasonable views ... this is exactly how transgender rights extremists have managed to so rapidly push society into passing absurd and harmful laws - because too many people are afraid of being accused of being ''transphobic'' ... the threat of that accusation hangs over you until you find yourself either agreeing that a middle aged father with testes is biologically female, or you speak your truth, or you stay silent and live in fear of having your thought crime exposed.
It could have beeen worse - you could have patted the nice gentleman on the head
You make a good point, about not having a vote in an all-female poll, but it's not as simple as that - as we have seen in this subreddit, some men do count themselves as radical feminists, or at least as radical feminist allies, which means that they would support the women who wanted to exclude males from all-female places, and as such could earn the label TERF and it would be technically correct
Years ago I used to regularly argue with Jess over the meaning of words
Well at least you admitted that you do hate pretty much everyone, since probably over 90% of the world's population is ''transphobic'' by your definition ... and I would gladly discuss your beliefs in great depth if you had anything to offer other than insults - like if you had any facts and sound reasoning instead of hateful name calling
Are you not repeatedly insulting me?
What actually happens is that I disagree with you, and you refuse to have to civil discussion about your beliefs, and you prefer to call me names and insult me instead
I totally agree that pointing out a flaw in an argument does not mean that one necessarily supports the opposite position from the one for which the argument was made. But in this particular case, if you are equating sex segregation with racial segregation, and concluding that advocating for sex segregation is as bad as advocating for racial segregation, then surely you *are* opposed to sex segregation? I don't see how you can support sex segregation while also saying that arguments for sex segregation are as bad as the equivalent arguments for racial segregation ...?
But I believe that race and sex are different types of concepts - therefore I do not agree that the same argument works in the same way for both types of categorisation. We have a vague idea of what we observe as racial categories, but we cannot define the categories with any biological factors. Meanwhile, we can define the categories 'male' and 'female' to the extent where we can objectively say that a person is not male or not female. If you supported sex segregation, then surely you would agree that if a male person says ''I identify as female'' it doesn't make him female...? Your view is not compatible with supporting sex segregation.
Then so what if the argument (''A person is not objectively a thing just because they identify as the thing'') is the same? Do *you* not agree with that basic truth? If far right racists agree with me that two plus two equals four, does that make me as bad as far right racists? It seems that *your* argument is the flawed one here.
Thank you for taking the time to put forward a thoughtful response - perhaps you might come to see how your first premise is questionable, if I give an example: You said ''objectification is something that only exists in the mind of the person viewing the other person, not something you can presume just because they compliment someone's features'' ... now if you imagine a young woman walking past a building site, minding her own business, and one of the builders shouts out to her ''Nice tits! I wouldn't mind a bit of that!'' would you not agree that he is obectifying her? There is absolutely nothing wrong with finding someone sexually attractive, but when that feeling is expressed in one's outward behaviour, it *can* sometimes be expressed in an objectifying manner.
I agree that context is important, which is why I gave an example which I thought would be a clear case of objectification - but it seems you have an extremely low bar for what counts as objectification, so it's no wonder you don't see it among men who look at pornographic photos which have been provided by women who have put themselves forward to be objectified
I'm not interested in trying to change your view - you obviously have a lot of psychological problems and you have been lashing out at me as if I am the cause of your misery
It is of some concern that you seem unable to recognise the most obvious incidents of objectification - it does bring into question whether you would be able to empathise with those women who are the targets of unwanted objectification and who feel deeply uncomfortable and afraid of it - you say my view is harmful to society, but I would say your view is more harmful
Sure, I can explain how your views are harmful, even though I have already alluded to it: if you cannot recognise obvious cases of obectification, and if you believe that ''objectification is something that **only** exists in the mind of the person viewing the other person'' then that would make you far less able to empathise with women who feel deeply uncomfortable and even terrified when they are the target of unwanted sexual attention - and your attitude condones those who behave in ways which cause women to feel like that. And if you cannot remain civil - if you respond with more rude sarcasm - that will be the end of this discussion.
Should we hate any display of our own flag? Even during the World Cup?
Do you not know that there is currently a football World Cup in progress, and that England have a team playing in it?
Understanding why people disapprove is one thing - I also understand why they disapprove - but you are speaking as if you share their narrow minded view
You looked up the definition, and it supported what I said - I didn't misrepresent your argument - so anyway, did you assume that I had no idea why they disapprove?
It's kind of funny that you run away instead of acknowledging that I didn't misrepresent your argument, and how you repeatedly avoid answering the question about whether you made an assumption about me - says a lot about you
That's fair enough then :)
You've shifted your position quite considerably from where you started - when I first gave the example of an obvious example of objectification - the builder calling out to the passing woman - you said ''it could be just inconsiderate with no objectification going on, the only part that hints at "objectification" is the "I'd like a piece of that" at the end. Objectification seems a bit too sociopathic to be this common.'' So that's what I was basing my previous comment on, when I said you were condoning that kind of behaviour which can make women feel very uncomfortable or afraid - you condone it by refusing to acknowledge it as objectification and dismissing it as nothing more than being inconsiderate. But now suddenly you have changed your position, and you are calling it sexual harassment and saying it *is* a form of objectification.
OK, maybe ''condone'' was the wrong word, but you certainly minimised and dismissed the objectifying behaviour as if it wasn't objectifying ... so if you want to start using rape analogies, it's like saying that having sex with an unconscious woman isn't really rape because ''he just might not have realised that she wouldn't have wanted that and it's only rape if she loudly protests'' And if you find the discussion ''tiresome' you are free to walk away in a cloud of self righteousness any time you like.
It doesn't matter, because it is clear we both have a different understanding of what it means, and I'm not interested in debating the meaning of a word
I don't usually try to change anyone else's mind - that would be very frustrating - I'm more interested in changing my own mind, and I didn't find this discussion a waste of time at all - so I suppose that's a ''win'', if you want to put it like that, yes
What rights am I denying to you? You are the one who is denying the right of female people to have certain places which are protected from males. The only right I'm denying to anyone is the right of any male to gain access to certain female-only places just by saying he ''identifies'' as female. You even agreed that a person is not actually the thing they ''identify'' as. If there is any lack of caring happening here, it is you not caring about the needs of female people.
You're saying ''the world'' will not admit that short men are discriminated against in dating and employment etc, but since probably most people would acknowledge it, what would it take to satisfy you that ''the world'' acknowledges it? Do you need every single person to agree with you and not even one to disagree before you are satisfied that ''the world'' acknowledges it? Also, on the subject of women choosing taller partners, do you find that *you* have any preferences for any physical attributes on a woman? I suspect you do, when you talk of ''beautiful women'', which implies that you are discriminating based on some aspect of their physical body.
Do you mean that you feel that your brain was somehow formed as if it should be working within a female body? As much as you don't want to, if you really want to explore the depths of your confusion, you will sooner or later have to think about the issue of whether there is any such thing as a ''female brain'' which can exist in a male body. You might well *feel* as if you have a ''female brain'' but that is a feeling which may not accurately describe the reality of the situation.
Do you feel that you would be more loveable if you were female? It sounds like you don't feel loved or loveable
Did you feel loved as a male when you were a child?
Happy Birthday spanties!
My husband is very interested in military aircraft and he enjoys watching videos from the Mach Loop - so if this is a new one I'll show it to him ... I once looked it up on the map to see how far away from us it is (we're in London), but it's a bit too far to take a trip there when there is always the risk of there not being any flights
That is a very vague answer - but anyway - would you be defending a men's rights movement in the same way if their movement was called ''Women Are Trash''? Or would you feel that their entire movement was based on hatred?
But I'm not saying that anyone's feelings of hate are invalid or indefensible - people have their own reasons for hating *any* group, whether it is men, women, teenagers, elderly, certain racial types etc - what I am saying is that expressing that hate in the form of ''[XYZ people] are trash'' is not driven by good intentions, it is driven by hatred.
You don't understand why anyone would choose to wear a headscarf?
You seem to have got away from the issue of whether a person or a group have good intentions or hateful intentions - so perhaps you could explain how being raped is relevant to whether one has good intentions or not ...?
Your logic is so faulty that it won't help to get any further into that distracting line of reasoning - you have made so many leaps of faulty logic that you are now at the stage where you declare that if a woman is raped, all her future intentions must be good. But since you are using this line of reasoning, how do you defend the men who say ''Women Are Trash''? Have they all been raped by women?
If you watch it only during the actual match, you can totally avoid the chaps with their shirts and their opinions
How much world history have you studied? You sound like you are very young and have led a very sheltered life if you think the USA is the worst country in the whole of history. Why do you think so many people are so desperately trying to get *into* the USA?
Did you get it for free? We got a voucher for a free can of it
My husband already got his free beer - he said it was ''not bad''
Some of them do take a day or so to reply to you - but it should always be clear on the page of details before you book ... you can filter your search by those which can be booked instantly
Because this is CMV and I'm trying to get you to examine the flaws in your line of reasoning.
It was built in 1930 - it's very common in the London suburbs to have terraced gardens backing onto each other
I think your depression is causing you to have these unrealistic thoughts - these are typical depression thoughts ... if you were not depressed you would be able to take an interest in things and find things that you enjoy and things you are talented at, and be able to form friendships with people who share your interests
I've read about kids with the condition where they don't feel pain, and they often end up with damaged eyesight because they don't know when something is scratching in their eye, so their lenses get damaged
I don't know if you are being sarcastic or not ...?
Well it's certainly a good start, to realise that you are shaping your own life with every choice you make - but giving up an addiction can be extremely difficult, because you will have to deal with all the feelings which come up when you refrain from doing what you usually do to relieve and distract from those feelings ... feelings like depression, grief, loneliness, anxiety, anger ... uncomfortable and difficult to deal with, which is how addictions get started in the first place. You will need to be ready for it.
No, it's just that 'forewarned is forearmed' - so if you know in advance that giving up your addiction behaviour will cause a lot of uncomfortable feelings to come up, you can be ready for it, and perhaps plan for how you might deal with it - and more importantly, know that this is normal and expected and doesn't mean your only choice is to indulge your addicition to relieve it or distract from it.
If hair is matted, you can brush it out by starting at the ends and very gradually working your way up towards the roots as each bit becomes untangled
The point is, perhaps it's not sex itself that disgusts you, but certain kinds of casual sex ... perhaps you would prefer a long term relationship based on love and respect for each other
Do you not think that two men could have a loving sexual relationship without doing anything abusive and harmful to each other?
I don't think they've played badly, but I do think that compared to some teams they do seem to lack that extra bit of determination - they always seem to hold back rather than give it their all, as if they are playing a friendly. When they were playing in the Euros, I actually started cheering for Iceland because I admired their determination - that is what England are lacking.
You are talking as if you don't know what biological sex is - are you one of those people who thinks 'male' and 'female' is defined by hairstyles and clothes?
Unless he did something wrong before the video starts, the person making the video is the one who is out of order here
Are you saying that the clothes he was wearing was enough of a ''wrong thing'' to warrant being filmed and verbally abused?
He wasn't exposing himself - he was wearing clothes over his ''indecent'' parts - and do you use pronouns in accordance with a person's *clothes* now? Also you obviously don't know what 'concern trolling' means.
There are a lot of red flags there that you might continue to use emotional manipulation in your relationships - and having said that, I then noticed your username
I am being as specific as you are - you said that people who alter their bodies in an attempt to become the opposite sex are ''neither male nor female'' ... then later you agreed that they are still their original sex.
Although I totally agree that little boys should be free to dress up in pretty dresses etc, I think the parents have a responsibility to make the little boy aware that some people might tell him that his clothing choice is inappropriate, so he can be prepared for any such comments, and have his response ready - it would be perhaps a little irresponsible to send him out in a pretty dress if he is unaware of the existence of people who try to enforce gender roles.
Reminds me of that episode of Father Ted where they had a community disco, [and the DJ only had that as his one record](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9oRWKeKzC8)
Depends what you mean when you say ''women''
So you're ok with people discussing male-on-male violence as a specific issue but not male-on-female violence ...?
Well I certainly never said any of those things - but am I wrong to think that there is no example of you having ever complained about men's problems being discussed in a manner where you feel women are being excluded?
That's not the same though - that doesn't alert your 'men vs women' bias
I agree that there should be *no* limits to the natural testosterone levels or the weight of participants in ''women's''' sports - the problem here is that they are allowing *males* to participate in sports events which were created for females - it doesn't matter what the testosterone level or the weight of these males is, because even those within the arbitrary limits still have an advantage for having developed as male
You've pretty much said it yourself - every person is different, and every relationship is different - so as long as the couple are both happy with the distribution of work, there is no problem and no reason to change it just to please *you*. Some mothers feel that their husbands work very hard all day and deserve some time off, while the mother herself might find that although she is on call 24/7 she can still work at a steady pace which does not exhaust her. She might be sitting down and drinking tea and eating cake and watching telly for half an hour at 3pm while her husband is sweating down the mines or whatever. And she might be grateful for all that he does. And he might come home exhausted and soak in the bath and eat his dinner and be grateful for all that his wife does.
Looks like those could be [tomato leaves](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/tomato-leaves-17427786.jpg) - the fruit is a strange shade of red for a tomato though
Yes, there are even more than on your last visit
That's not why they send them though - they send them in the hopes it will cause the woman some distress which she might reveal in her response - then he will get a thrill from her distress - it's the internet equivalent of exposing himself in a dark alley
So who are all these women who don't like such photos? Do you think they are just a noisy minority while most women do want to see your genitals?
If I show you a subreddit or two where this has never happened, will you change your view form ''every'' subreddit to ''many'' subreddits? It's a huge difference.
I read about your new subreddit in The Daily TERF, and having read your introduction, am curious to know how you would deal with the situation where a female person of African ancestry is arguing with a male person of European ancestry when the female person is advocating for protections for female people - it seems to put you in a dilemma because you cannot apply your contradictory rules to the situation
You will almost certainly be able to buy tickets for that match when they go on general sale \* I just checked and they go on general sale on [Monday 17th December](https://www.whufc.com/tickets/match-tickets/home-matches/west-ham-united-v-birmingham-city)
I read the discussion in GenderCritical about the subject of whether males could one day carry a pregnancy in a transplanted uterus, and there *was* a lot of poor understanding of biology - one person even asked where the placenta would go. I think it will one day be possible - the most difficult aspect of it will probably be maintaining the necessary hormone balance on a moment-to-moment basis. But maybe that would be easier if they also transplanted ovaries. One thing for sure - there is the desire to do it.
Some years I go the entire year without suffering a virus, and then one year I was coughing up green flob for 6 months - so it can vary
The ethical debate is irrelevant to the biology and technology debate - whether it *can* be done or not is nothing to do with what anyone thinks of the ethics of doing it.
What makes you think that female intestines will move out of the way while male intestines won't? And there *are* females whose babies get stuck during birth due to the pelvis being too small. You can ask any obstetrician if you think I'm crazy.
The uterus is about the size of a fist - there's plenty of room to accommodate one - how do you think they transplant a uterus into a female who was born without one?
It's like you didn't read my original comment
I'm fairly sure you are not the kind of doctor who studies the human body
I think the problem here is that you have absolutely no idea what I really think, and you are kicking down a straw man and insulting me based on your own misunderstanding of the entire situation
You are the one saying that there is room in a female abdomen but not in a male abdomen. There are no empty spaces - the new organ fits because the other organs shift position, like adding a plum to the bag of wet spaghetti.
But I'm not saying that male and female bodies are the same - I'm only saying that one day it will be possible to transplant a uterus into a male body
Well I'm not an expert, but if one of the experts in uterus transplants says that it's already possible to transplant into a male, then I tend to believe him rather than believing random people on the internet who have an emotional investment in it not being possible ... I'm sure they have either found suitable alternative attachment points for the upper part of the uterus, or created alternative attachment points
The reason I can know that you have misunderstood me is because I know what I mean and I know that you don't understand what I mean - so you resort to insulting me - and now you also add some imaginings about what you think I'm secretly thinking - this straw man of yours is getting bigger and bigger
You keep repeating your original belief as if that is enough to refute what I said - it's not
Yes, and I also quoted your straw man version of it.
I haven't tasted it yet, but I suspect it will taste the same as what I got from Aldi
If you think you are making a summary, and I *know* that your summary does not represent my view, then it is inaccurate, a straw man - how can you continue to claim to understand my view when I am telling you that I don't agree with your summary?
No, that's not quite right either - it's more wrong than right
People who make connections between a politician's lack of children and their political policies mostly seem to make these connections for female politicians
While I don't agree with your reasoning at all, I do concede that you have made a fair point regarding the connection sometimes being made for male politicians too, so I have edited my comment - I still maintain that it is far more often a connection made with female politicians though
Since I haven't expressed any view on the ethics of the endeavour, you cannot possibly know if my ethical view is affecting my beliefs about what is and is not possible - you are *assuming* that I am biased, perhaps because you are so biased yourself that you cannot imagine a person being able to debate the science of the matter independently of the ethics of the matter
The law regarding marriage is a political issue
What were modern domesticated dogs bred from?
OK, so if they rounded up some grey wolves and farmed them, would it be ok to eat them?
you're still doing it
Car crashes happen *a lot* and without seatbelts, you would have *a lot* of people thrown through the windscreen.
Her reasoning is very faulty - it only takes a *minority* of men to make the world an unsafe place for women. I think that the majority of men are decent and would *not* go around attacking innocent women in dark alleyways. These types of generalisations are unhelpful and harmful. And her attitude is appalling when she dismisses and vilifies anyone who points this out. She is the kind of woman who gives feminism a bad image.
You are using this subreddit to advertise yourself as a prostitute
It reminded me of Driving Home For Christmas
Yes, exactly - looking for a ''sugar daddy'' is a form of prostitution - quite different from many types of marriage - and I didn't say it was a ''problem'' - only perhaps that it is inappropriate to advertise prostitution services in this subreddit - or perhaps not, the mods haven't removed it
Maybe you are the one who is looking for a prostitute then
If you read each individual story, it seems that it is extremely rare to be murdered ''for being trans'' ... most of the victims were male, and many were either prostitutes or drug users, or both, and obviously those are very high risk lifestyles for anyone ... and several killed by partners or friends who already knew they were trans before the relationship, so that was not the reason
1) It has been accepted in general, in society, for many decades that males can be ''trans women'' (it used to be ''transsexual'' then later ''transgender'') - not accepted by each individual, of course - and there is no implication that ''trans women'' are female any more than ''flying squirrels'' are actually squirrels. 2) Talking about ''cross dressing'' is a problem in a radical feminist subreddit, because radical feminism advocates for clothing to be non gendered - therefore their ideology advocates for men to be allowed to wear dresses and make up and long hair, without harassment - although I do concede that many individual radical feminists do not uphold that ideal, and berate ''cross dressing'' males. 3) I do not know of any member of GC who calls them ''women'' without the qualifier ''trans''. 4) I must admit I am female - I know you were looking for males to answer you, but it's a public forum and many people who post here are female - and I was banned from the GC subreddit so I come here to express my views - I must also admit that I am not a radical feminist either. 5) If you don't hate men, you sure make yourself look pretty hateful when you refer to them as "crossdressing inseminators" if they are unhappy being male and wish they were female, and when you speak about them with such disdain.
Meanwhile, I'm still struggling to get into the top 2 million
I don't think they mind if you take over an abandoned team of a real person - I was appointed manager of my daughter's team - she basically chose the kit colours and the team name
Oh dear, that was a poor choice of example - my apologies - I was thinking of a species of bat - a bit of research suggests that I was misinformed that they are colloquially called flying squirrels - but in any case it was a poor example - well I really messed that up - looks like my entire argument is destroyed then - next time I will find a better example, like: ... there is no implication that ''trans women'' are female any more than sea horses are actual horses. Anyway, thank you for the correction, at least I learned something.
It depends who is running the concert, doesn't it?
In most English-speaking countries, males can get ''F'' on their ID without any surgery ... not that it makes any difference as to whether they are *actually* male or female. A castrated male is still male.
Are you going to argue that male people can literally become female? Meanwhile, like I said, males can get ''F'' on their ID without any surgery, so your question is moot and nothing more than a distraction.
Ironically, that is a male dominated forum.
The mod even admitted that there was nothing wrong with your post in itself, and that you were banned for holding views which they find unacceptable, which suddenly makes your perfectly reasonable post part of a sinister ''agenda''
Could you get bottled or canned drinks with it and keep the drinks for later?
I don't have a definition myself, I'm saying that radical feminists have a meaningful definition of the word ''woman'' which you do not have. Their definition is ''adult human female'' - and you can argue all day about the fuzzy boundaries of exactly who is included in that definition, but one thing for sure is that people with fully intact male reproductive organs are not included. So if you are proposing that people with fully intact male reproductive organs are included, then you do not have a meaningful definition, and your focus on the fuzzy boundaries caused by intersex conditions is nothing more than a distraction from your inability to put forward a meaningful definition of your own.
But I never said anything about what is ''right'' ... this debate isn't about what is ''right''.
No, it's a meaningful definition as much as any definition can be meaningful - pretty much every definition has fuzzy boundaries if you get down to it - for example, we can say that a fox is not a chicken, and just because we can't draw a sharp defining line around the 'chicken' category doesn't mean that a fox can be allowed in the chicken coop. Meanwhile, you do not have a meaningful definition of ''woman'' which includes male people, and all you have is insults and hate for female people who want to exclude males from female spaces. I do not hate male people. And any decent male person recognises the need for female only spaces. All the hate here is coming from you, not me.
It's still immoral to destroy useful clothing which *someone* can benefit from wearing.
No, I don't think the majority of men in her country do that
Your second paragraph is why your assertion makes no sense: because there *are* female people - *plenty* of female people who refuse to conform to the gender expectations regarding how they dress - they wear comfortable clothes - shirts, jeans, flat lace up shoes, short hair, no make up - they dress for comfort and practicality - and many of them *do* get called ''men'' and ''masculine'' and ''not feminine'' and ''unwomanly'' - and most of them just shrug it off as a side effect of dressing comfortably in a sexist society, and they go about their business of being wonderfully authentic female people.
First of all, I didn't say it was ''easy'' and free from harassment and pressure in the form of derogatory comments - I acknowledged that there is social pressure to conform. When I say ''plenty'' I mean *a lot* - more than a rare anomaly - a small but significant minority. And in *my* experience, they generally do not complain about the social pressure, they just accept that it is inevitable. This could be a difference in culture though. I'm in England. But can you show me even *one* transgender woman who totally conforms to the dress code for men? The only one I ever saw was Dave The Atheist, but he's started wearing dresses now.
Confused me for a while - I thought you meant Lewis Hamilton
That was in 2002
No, not at all, because if this discussion was about males being raped in prison, then I would be talking about that and agreeing that it is a problem which needs to be addressed - so your logic is very badly faulty. The solution to males being raped by males in prison is *not* to ensure that females are also raped by males in prison.
Your own words are the proof. And ''equality'' is detrimental to female people in certain circumstances, including prisons. Would you say that we should house the foxes and the chickens together in the interests of treating all animals equally? By your logic, protecting the chickens in a fenced coop is unfair to the foxes.
If an older child or adult expresses regret that they never got to know their biological parent/parents, do people really tell them that it shouldn't matter, more so if they were the product of surrogacy than if they were orphaned or given up for adoption? I'm skeptical of your premise there.
Do you think heterosexual males are all/mostly ''homophobic''?
It probably won't have germs, but the texture might be unpleasant
Like I said, you casually dismissed the issue instead of giving it consideration.
I think what's happened here is that you have described yourself and thought you were describing me - none of that applies to me - but it looks like it might be yours
He has his moments
No, that is not true - there is no such thing as a ''female brain'' apart from ''brain of a female person''. There is no part of the brain which correlates with ''gender identity'' - that is a modern myth perpetuated by people who don't understand what the brain studies have found
Maybe I'm not as ''obsessed'' as you think then - certainly not as obsessed as you anyway ... so now, what is ''blending''? Or are you too embarrassed to tell me?
During the second half, the camera lingered on a close up of Unai looking confused, and for a moment he looked like Data from Star Trek
Would they let you wear a beanie hat or scarf round your head instead of hair? They must have a policy for people who are naturally bald if they do not allow baldness
This is a very different scenario to the one where a person was born in a body of one sex and feels that they should be the opposite sex - you would also feel distressed and ''not yourself'' if you were suddenly put into the body of a different race or even a different size, or with missing or extra limbs etc.
You seem to have attributed a lot of attitudes to your god without any clear basis for those attitudes - so if you are talking about the god as depicted in the Bible, then he was very much in favour of killing babies - not just unborn foetuses but actual babies and children. He ordered his people to commit genocide on the Amalekites - he specifically ordered his people to include babies and children in the mass slaughter. So where do you get this idea that your god thinks the life of a baby is to be always protected?
Yes, I know, but the username doesn't usually appear as [deleted] on a post which is removed by mods
All of that seems to suggest that youtube have repeatedly denied that they are deliberately demonetizing those videos, and that they are trying to fix the automatic programmes which keep doing things which are later fixed. Surely if the programme automatically demonetizes any video with the word 'transgender' in the title, then you could equally complain that it targets all those videos which are *opposed* to transgender rights.
You seem very confused. You asked how a person could be pregnant. The person being female is not an opinion, it is a fact.
The horn is supposed to be used only for warning people of your presence, to avoid an accident, so it would be better if gratitude or apology was conveyed silently by visual means. It may be a cultural difference, but where I live, the universal sign for ''thank you'' is a raised flat hand, palm outwards - and this is also often used to convey ''sorry'', along with mouthing the word.
Do you not have one tiny speck of sympathy for the mother who is having a terrible day, struggling to get home with a screaming overtired child, and then to make her day even worse, someone says she should be kicked off the bus and forced to walk home with her screaming child? Have you ever spent a few years trying to care for a child? A few hours of babysitting, or even a few months, doesn't count.
She *wants* to be male, but that doesn't mean she *is* male.
So that it doesn't get wasted - if I buy a smallest size jar of sardine &amp; tomato paste, it will last for 3 lunches which is good because any more than that would get wasted
Most people wouldn't want to eat their meal right next to the sink where everyone was traipsing past and washing their hands and making a puddle on the floor - so it would have to be screened off, which means most visitors wouldn't know where it was. Also there would be tables en route to the sink where people would be constantly walking past while you are eating.
How are you getting along with finding one comment of mine which ''bashes'' transgender people? Found one yet? No?
You can get back to me if you find one - I'm not expecting you to
No, *you* made it personally about me - and you can't support what you said with one shred of evidence.
That's not what I asked - I asked if your beloved child was feeling miserable, would you encourage them to cut themselves to relieve it?
Prisons were not created for rehabilitation, they were created as punishment and also as a means to keep dangerous people away from society. Some prisoners would never be safe to allow out because they would harm innocent people, so they need to be kept locked up to protect others. Killing them instead is a very bad idea, because if you start killing convicted criminals, you will pretty soon kill an innocent person who has been wrongly convicted. At least if they are in prison they can be released if the error is discovered.
He has taken the name of a well known radical feminist, which is very creepy
Would it help you to understand the problem if we used 'male' and 'female' instead of 'men' and 'women'? "We reject female rights, unless they also apply to males"
You're not making any sense. You seem to recognise that males are more violent than females. And yet you don't see a problem for the females if they are housed with the males.
So you think prisoners should be segregated by ''gender identity'' but not by biological sex ... you don't see any problem with housing male and female prisoners together, so what exactly is the problem with housing ''men'' and ''women'' together?
I don't, I was just allowing for the possibility.
If you look closely, you will see they have drawn a line through all the things which they don't approve of - cycle, litter, graffiti etc - possibly the line used to be brighter red and got bleached by the sun ...?
Do you like the thought of practising self control and enjoying the greater power of feeling anger without allowing it to control you?
Yes, that is the exact reason for changing all the toilets to 'gender neutral' - so that males can use the rooms which were previously reserved for females and so the females were not allowed to complain about males being in their room
Is that because males feel threatened and vulnerable to being abused by females though? Or just because they would be uncomfortable and embarrassed at peeing with females close by?
I didn't know this
You seem very angry, as if being so extremely sheltered has made you intolerant and aggressive towards anything outside your little world view
No, I'm saying that these changes have been made to please a minority (of mostly males), and have disregarded the feelings of the majority (of mostly females)
If you are including anyone who votes Conservative, then you are including all those like me who vote Conservative in order to do my bit to try to keep Labour out of power. I don't actually support *any* of the political parties, but for many decades it's been a choice between one of those two winning, so for a lot of us it's a ''lesser of two evils'' vote. Also, since you mentioned gay marriage, Labour never introduced it, it was a Conservative Prime Minister who pushed it through during a Conservative government, and it takes a convoluted argument to give Labour all the credit.
If I vote for the party which I believe is the ''lesser of two evils'' then the justification of that is simply that I have helped to prevent an even worse evil from being in power. I certainly do have concerns about some Conservative policies, particularly their attitude towards the NHS, but to vote Labour on that one issue would be a vote for an overall worse party. Also, it's ironic that you accuse the Conservatives of following public opinion on the issue of gay marriage, when Labour seems to exist solely for the purpose of following public opinion in whatever way they think will gain them most votes, without any real principles or ethics. They only ever pretend to care about any group if they think that group will vote for them.
Yes, it's fair enough if you hold me responsible for voting for the evil even if it was to prevent a greater evil. But what is the practical application of that responsibility? Should I not have tried to prevent the greater evil? Surely doing nothing and allowing the greater evil to win would be more unethical in a situation where I have so little power to stop all the evils? You are accusing me of being a ''malignant, un-empathetic person'' just because I tried to save the country from what I perceive as a greater evil. And yes you did *accuse* the Conservatives of only following public opinion rather than sincerely believing in the righteousness of gay marriage. Your exact words: &gt; however I'm more inclined to believe it was a response to change in public opinion (kinda good I guess??) rather than valuing gay marriage. \- that is an accusation - and it applies to Labour on pretty much everything they ever do.
Well I'm planning to cook a nice dinner and then eat it, but that's probably not what you were looking for
Yes, of course I am - surely that goes without saying
There's no reason why you can't have several different campaigns running in the same month - it could be 'Apple Pie Month' at the same time as 'Swimming Month' and 'Tree Planting Month'.
Since when did an afternoon parade turn into a month? I must have missed that - what do they do for a whole month?
Maybe that's why I didn't notice, if the only thing that is happening apart from the parade is that some people are reminding everyone of their sexuality - I assumed that those people were the type who would be reminding people all year round. And surely if people are supportive of their demands, they will be supportive all year round, not just for one day or one month.
Learning to love your self begins with treating yourself well - respecting your own body, not abusing it or allowing anyone else to abuse it - eating healthy food, getting enough rest and enough exercise etc - keeping clean and wearing comfortable clothes and finding out what you enjoy instead of doing what others tell you that you should enjoy
OP's view is that religion is the "*single biggest threat* to man kind today" ... so you could spend all day listing the negative effects of religion, but it still wouldn't be the *single biggest threat*.
For your budget you could get a gorgeous flat or maisonette with a garden out in the suburbs, and commute into town
There will be people who are male and people who female as their *biological sex* not their ''gender identity'' ... no amount of social change will change the physical reality of people's sex.
You are actually very wrong - you have totally missed the point I was making and totally misinterpreted everything I have said in this digression
Yes, I was speaking with the implicit understanding that we are both entitled to have, and to express, our differing opinions, especially in this debate subreddit, so surely that goes without saying. But if that's all you've got to say on the matter, you've effectively ended the thread with nothing to say on the subject of female athletes deserving a separate event which excludes male athletes.
There is no need to define a subset of males, because there is no reason to think that males who ''identify as women'' would be any less athletically advantaged than those who ''identify as men''. You still haven't put forward a proposal for a degree of medical handicapping which you think would totally eliminate the males' athletic advantage over females. You are being very vague about it, which suggests that you at least *suspect* that there is no way to eliminate that advantage, while you continue to oppose female-only sports events.
You're getting bogged down in semantics: it's a debate about whether ''males who identify as women'' should be allowed to compete in ''women's'' sports events - you can call them ''trans women'' or you can call them ''males'' for the purposes of the debate. It makes no difference to the debate. They are not a *physical* subset of males, and any rules which are put in place will apply to *any* males who want to compete in the ''women's'' event. And I have *never* said that anyone is claiming that males can change their chromosomes, so you are arguing against a straw man there. What I said is that males cannot literally ''transition'' into females - they are not required to ''transition'' into anything to comply with the rules, they are required to lower their testosterone level, which is medically-induced handicapping. Your objection to my terminology is another argument about semantics, because I am trying to clarify the situation instead of using your euphemisms. You are contradicting yourself: first you agreed that the IOC regulations are not adequate, now you are saying they ''seem to be working for now''. And more contradiction: does the 50 year old male basketball player have an advantage over the young female players or not? You say no, then you say yes. The answer is clearly yes, he does have an advantage, but he is complying with your proposed rules, which you claim removes his advantage. Anyway, if you want to continue this thread you can clear up the mess you have made - you can remove the straw man and acknowledge your error. Here it is: "you claim that trans women are claiming they can change their chromosomal sex" ... that is blatantly untrue, so all your subsequent insults are unwarranted.
I even quoted it for you. Clearly pointed to it - twice - so that there would be no doubt what I was talking about. If you still can't see your error, there's nothing more I can do.
By your logic, it would be better to drink the strongest spirit you could get - maybe a glass of neat rum or whiskey - but it's not just for the alcohol, it's for the whole experience, and some folks prefer light beer, or spirits mixed with lemonade, or cocktails, or wine. So while *you* prefer a couple of IPA's, others prefer 6 light beers.
You are using double standards. All political ideologies can be summarised as ''I believe this is what is best for society''.
There's a lot of cult-like jargon in there - not just the casual use of the word ''eggy'' but the casual use of the word ''cister'' to refer to a female sister, (as opposed to a male sibling who gets to use ''sister'') ... and referring to this long-haired sweater-clad brother as ''they''
Millions of people go to work while suffering from mental health problems - just like they go to work while suffering from a virus or a minor injury or a chronic physical health problem
It didn't look as if he was bothering her, due to the position she was sitting in, but you do make a good point - she might well be bothered by the position of his knee - I must admit I thought this post was about the way he is obstructing the empty seat and I didn't take any notice of the other side - in this situation I'm always the small female person and I'm so used to it that I don't even think about it
Yes but that is not the point, unless you are suggesting that anyone is claiming that transgenderism is such a serious mental illness that it would render a person incapable of working
It's heavy cloud at the moment and the forecast is for that to continue all evening and all night
You haven't been banned though - you are allowed to express your unpopular opinions - a lot of us come here after getting banned for expressing moderate opinions in extremist echo chambers
They learn that they will be smacked if they do certain things - as long as the parents are clear and consistent it is very effective.
You didn't learn anything because your parents were not using an effective method, they were just losing control and abusing you.
I think my explanation was clear enough, so you can go back and read it all again if you are interested in trying to understand how your joke was a poor rebuttal to a serious issue
When I read their sidebar, it feels like what they want to say is "A place to discuss issues of gender without those bothersome females"
The problem is that the identity has no real meaning beyond not wanting to conform to strict gender roles, and yet some of these people expect everyone to use special pronouns to refer to them, and try to enforce that on unwilling participants. You're right that they can call themselves whatever they like, but it does become a problem when they try to force others to participate against their will.
OK, that's all fine, but why is it necessary to force other people to use special pronouns just because they don't want to conform to strict gender roles? Why can't female people wear comfortable clothes and crop their hair off and play football without forcing others to use special pronouns?
But I was talking about those who *are* forcing others to use their special pronouns.
He was asking about baseball though
It's not nice to refer to male people as ''moids'' in the same way as it's not nice to refer to female people as ''femoids'' - and if that's why you're doing it, it's worth remembering that just because *some* male people use dehumanising language against female people, doesn't justify you using dehumanising language against *all* male people
OK, but calling female people ''femoids'' is also a joke, so what has been gained by mirroring a joke with an equally offensive joke?
That's a very nice looking tree, but about 50m too close to the house
Thanks, I missed that one :)
No, not everyone - only people like you - and still no indication from you that you have any any idea what we were talking about. You could have spent that time and effort giving me the name of the person who would prove me wrong. But it's very much looking like you can't, so you are insulting me instead. That isn't going to change my view. Facts and sound reasoning would change my view, not ignorant insults.
Why are you so reluctant to give the name of the person who you called a ''silly bint'' and a ''transphobe''? It's very much looking like you won't give the name because you can't justify what you said about her
Could you show me exactly where I said ''men''?
You've missed the point - there have always been trans people who want the T in LGBT and always been those who don't want to be part of it - there is no ''they'' who represent all trans people
No, you said "...the question mark leaves it open for the TRAs to answer themselves, and we all know the answer. We just want them to say it. Seems to me they are coming full circle with this." You clearly said "they"
Yes, I suppose it's much easier to blame me, insult me, and run away, than to try to explain what you are talking about
Do female people only deserve protection from males if the males are carrying AK-47's? Males don't need to be carrying anything extra to harm females
How do you define sex which would exclude doing it for money?
Sex describes a physical act, and is still sex whether consent is given or not - if someone is forced into a sex act, it is rape, yes, but it's still sex
So if a ''radfem'' says she hates men, you don't believe her - but if a ''non feminist'' says she wonders about the motivations of men who support such hateful rhetoric, you *do* take that seriously - well that's kind of amusing that you don't take ''radfems'' seriously - they can say whatever they like and you will just laugh it off, as if they are little children who don't know what they are saying - oh the irony
In any case, it would be sensible to point out both, because the person could be asking on behalf of someone else.
They changed the law *years* ago so that women would be paid the same as men *for doing the same job* - the reason why women earn less *on average* is because so many women do lower paid types of work - this is not a problem which needs to be solved by legislation, if it even needs to be solved
It does rather come across that you hold a lot of disdain for mothers of young children - there's more to your outburst than simply two mothers pushing their pushchairs more slowly than you want to walk
You said "...that men could and (should have the opportunity to) do exactly the same job whilst being treated equally" so I'm asking what job you are talking about that they cannot do - don't you realise that men *can* do part time jobs and take care of children?
There is more involved in speed and strength than simply current testosterone levels - so females taking testosterone supplements will still be at an average disadvantage compared to males with the same testosterone level
In order to judge this accurately, we would need to know how often each mother touched their pregnant belly - if it was rare for Kate to do so, and all the time for Meghan, then the stories *would* be different
But the end result is exactly the same as when a man tells you directly that you are wrong, because the man has to choose *which* women he will quote - so you will still get the situation where a man is quoting a woman at you when you don't agree with that woman - he will still effectively be saying "No, you are wrong, because [Woman] says this"
So as long as he can find a woman who agrees with him, you consider it to be a ''woman's opinion''? There are women who will oppose everything you advocate for. There were women who fiercely resisted the campaign for women to be allowed to vote. There are women who fiercely resist the right to abortion etc etc. Would you give more credibility to those women than to the men who agree with *you*?
Why should offensive Tweets be classed as ''hate crime'' when brutally raping and murdering someone is not?
I've tried to be as clear as I can - if you can't follow my line of reasoning, I don't know how to make it clearer - and blaming me and accusing me of ''playing dumb'' is a rude and inappropriate way of expressing your own lack of understanding
It's true, yes, but it was downvoted for being uncomfortable
Since the definition of "incitement to hatred" has been expanded to include statements such as "woman = adult human female" I think that phrase has lost its original meaning
No, I do not accept that I was "skirting around the real issue" - it was you who were not following my line of reasoning which was always, from the very beginning, pointing in this direction. I do not not accept any responsibility for *your* lack of understanding. So now, back to the topic: even if a man refuses to ever overtly argue with a woman on any topic relating to feminism, the very act of linking her to read the literature is an action which says she is wrong and that she can correct herself by reading his suggested articles and books. To be clear, I'm not saying he should or should not tell her she is wrong, I'm *only* pointing to the unsolvable paradox which is inherent in men being radical feminists, because I don't see this mentioned or discussed when radical feminists are celebrating their male members/allies - and I have I have many times been on the receiving end of this, and it is the ultimate irony, to be a female who is censored and silenced and berated by a radical feminist male. Many female radical feminists will stand behind their male allies and cheer them on when they are berating and silencing females. And it's very rare to ever see any radical feminist point out the irony or see this as a problem.
I don't mind men explaining things to me, and I don't mind men robustly disagreeing with me, even on feminist issues, but I have come up against this very specific dynamic within radical feminism, and I don't see female radical feminists discussing it, when it creates this very specific paradox which only applies to radical feminist ideology and not to the more male-inclusive feminisms. You have a rather rosy view of the GC subreddit - you probably overlook the radical feminists who fawn over men who agree with them, and fawn over men who berate other women, perhaps because *those* women deserve to be berated for being 'handmaidens' and 'libfems' - in fact, one of the upvoted replies in this very discussion is "Libfem are a waste of space" as if to reassure OP that *those* women are not even worth considering.
Then I don't understand what you mean in your previous comment, if that is not an appropriate continuation of the discussion
You say you do not make the same allowances for men because "men oppress women" - do *all* men oppress women? And how can women ever be "equal" if you insist on holding them to a lower standard of behaviour? When will women be held accountable in the same way as you hold men accountable? If you wait until equality has been achieved, you will be waiting for ever, because you will be perpetuating the inequality.
OK, you can get back to me if you can show me how a human male can become female. I won't stay up all night waiting.
Well I read several of the posts in the thread, and soon saw a glaring error - it's quite shocking that a jellyfish biologist would be so ignorant about human biology - I know jellyfish are very different to humans, but I would have expected a jellyfish specialist to at least have a good grounding in general biology. Anyway, scrolling down, there's nothing in there about males becoming female, so you can get back to me if you can find something which shows me how a human male can become female.
No, I think the point of that thread is that sex is not defined by chromosomes - so anyway, you can get back to me if you can find something which shows me how a human male can become female.
This looks modern compared to mine - I'm still using a gas cooker from the 1950's
GimmieBoobies69 wants to know how quickly he can get ''boobie pills'' - so it's obviously an urgent medical need
Is there a reason why you need to buy in person rather than online?
You could probably pay extra and get it delivered tomorrow if you buy online - I know it's more money but it will probably cost you money to travel to the shop instead
If you click on most of her tutorial videos, she starts each one without make up on, so you can see for yourself if you want to
When you made eye contact, did you linger a bit, raise your eyebrows, smile, and nod towards your ... uhh ... username?
Since you are obviously not any kind of feminist, it's a bit ironic that you tell other people they don't belong here
Could you show me where you think that I implied that "most radfems hate men"? In the meantime, I am willing to clarify that my view is that *many* radfems hate men - maybe not a majority, but a significant proportion - not as you say, an insignificant "fringe belief" - and it is made worse by the fact that *other* radfems - in fact, *most* radfems - do not shut it down - they either let it go unchallenged, or even actively justify it, condone it, and encourage it. So now, there's a lot of goalpost-shifting going on here: Your original claim was that, in your experience, radfems do not say hateful things about men "with no context or wider meaning behind it" - so I found you an example, expecting that you would justify it by giving it some kind of "context or wider meaning" - but surprisingly, it turned out that you really were *that* unaware of the volume of hate expressed by radfems towards men - so you had to concede that there was no context which justified such vile rhetoric. *But* instead of humbly conceding, you shifted the goalposts - firstly, dismissing it as ''one example'' - well I could spend all day showing you similar examples - I found that one in a matter of seconds, and there are more on the very same page - in fact the entire page is one big hatefest towards men. Then, as you probably guessed there could easily be more examples forthcoming, you shifted the goalposts a bit further, and set up a situation where you could dismiss any and all further examples with "I really don't see the point of taking one example to represent a whole group of people. Even if it got some upvotes, I refuse to let one hateful person (or perhaps even an otherwise nice person just venting on the internet) define a whole group I otherwise respect." I am *not* "taking one example to represent a whole group of people" - for a start, there are plenty more examples where that came from - and the majority of that "whole group of people" either allow it, justify it, condone it, or even encourage it. What do *you* do to challenge it? Nothing, by the looks of it. You know you will be hounded out if you speak against such vile rhetoric. So you allow it, justify it, dismiss it, and then ignore it. It's a bit strange that you don't see all that vile hate as toxic to males - do you think that the Men's Rights and Red Pill etc subreddits are toxic to females? I wouldn't agree that "conservative religious women" would be a better group than radical feminists to find those who hate men in such an open and celebrated way. I don't even know of a group of "conservative religious women" who are notorious for hating men - could you show me one? When I am banned from a subreddit, I generally don't ask the mods to reinstate me, because I will be banned again if I behave the same way - and I don't see the point in refraining from debating in a debate subreddit.
OK, if you think my debating style is so unacceptable that I deserve to be banned from a debate subreddit, then I think we have come to the end of the line. It makes no sense to me that you are not bothered by the plentiful hateful comments of radfems, but you are very bothered by *my* views - *unless* you see radfems as such irrational, weak minded and and powerless children that you can shrug off their childish outbursts, while my relatively civil discussion points deserve to be banned - I suppose it's a kind of compliment, so I will take it as such.
But you are not really "listening to women" - you are listening to a *tiny* minority of women - radfems - some of whom express vile hatred for men, and *most* of whom allow and even encourage the vile hatred of men without challenging it - and you don't challenge it yourself - but meanwhile, when I dare to question why you would choose to ally yourself with such a group, you accuse *me* of being "rude" and "confrontational". And yes you *did* suggest that I deserved to be banned from the debate subreddit, when you said "Your "debating style" is very rude and confrontational and that subreddit has rules to keep debate reasonably civil (which is a good thing)" - you clearly think I am not civil enough to be allowed to speak in a debate subreddit - and meanwhile you ignore and justify *actual* hate speech from radfems. The reason I keep repeating the same points is because you keep shifting the goalposts in your efforts to allow and justify hate speech while berating me for questioning your motives for choosing those particular women to listen to. You say you choose to "listen to women who will be brutally honest with me about my inherent flaws as a man" but you disdainfully dismiss any woman who challenges such hateful ideology. And that is what makes me sure that your motives are unhealthy.
They just mentioned this story on TalkSport Radio - they included it in their ''Head's Gone'' section of batty news stories - they took the piss out of her name, took the piss out of chatting about Love Island, then lost interest and went back to chatting about football
If a woman reports that she was raped, and then later refuses to testify in court, do you *always* assume that the man did not rape her, or is it just this particular case?
For their next trick, the most West Ham thing they can do will be to beat Liverpool, then get relegated
I think it's more that people are making sure it is not forgotten that there is compelling evidence against him, when so many are praising him as some kind of saint - talking of leaving out details
You could perhaps hold off on the sarcasm and read more carefully what I said. Although, to give you the benefit of the doubt, I did read it again myself and think there is a section which is ambiguous - so, to clarify, when I said "or how to even find those numbers" I didn't mean *my* inability to use google, I meant the *researchers* difficulty in finding the numbers of people who would accurately fit their criteria for what they count as ''transgender''. And if their criteria is ''anyone who identifies as transgender'', then how meaningful is that in relation to the crime statistics? What percentage of ''transgender'' people are *perceived as* transgender by the potential criminals?
If I "reevaluated my writing style" (see, I'm quoting you there, therefore using quote marks) every time someone complained about it, I would eventually never write anything at all, because there's *always* someone ready to complain and misunderstand and be offended, no matter what I say and how I say it. Also, you are on a roll of blaming the victim there, asking me to blame myself when your sidebar rules don't match your actual moderation behaviours. I consider myself to be *very* new to learning about radical feminism - and it's a very long and slow process to learn anything when I keep getting shut down, censored and banned when I try to discuss it. The attitude of almost all the radical feminist subreddit communities is that newcomers must accept the seemingly contradictory statements without question, and shut up and go away if they have any further questions. Then you have the audacity to say "This is also a space for people who are new to feminist ideas and who are looking to ask questions, discuss ideas and get feedback" Perhaps you could add "... as long as you only ask *one question* and then shut up and go away if the answers are unsatisfactory and lead to further questions". Anyway, back to the topic - I think what is in the mind of the criminal is a pretty significant factor when compiling statistics. I think in the illustration I gave, it would be misleading to say "10% of homosexual men were the victims of homophobic hate crime" and more meaningful to say "100% of men who were perceived to be homosexual were the victims of homophobic hate crime."
OK, you might need to check the meanings of some of the terms you are using - first of all, ''victim'' does not only refer to serious crimes like rape - if someone threw a milkshake over you for their own amusement, you would be a ''victim'' of their obnoxious behaviour, would you not? And if someone said it was your own fault for standing there wearing a clean shirt, that would be ''victim blaming'' would it not? You are blaming me for the times I have been censored in this subreddit while obeying your ostensible rules. Also you obviously don't know what ''concern trolling'' is, or you wouldn't be accusing me of it. And anyone who accuses another of ''sealioning'' only makes themselves look bad, and is a classic victim blaming technique - that term is only used when the victim has been so civil that you can't find anything wrong with what they have done, but you are still desperate to berate them, so you try to make it look like they have come into your house and into your bed and harassed you - after *you* slandered them in public and expected the right to slander them in public without being called out on it. So it says a lot about you. And talking of ''tiring'' it's probably more tiring having to constantly walk on eggshells around those who can't cope with civil discussion and challenge of their beliefs, so they constantly hold the threat of censorship and banning over my head. If there was a place where I was allowed to discuss radical feminism, and topics related to gender etc, without the mods being so fragile, I would go there. But I don't know of any such place. And that says a lot about the radical feminist movement.
Illegal immigrants - there are a lot of people pushing for an end to border controls - they want unlimited immigration
All these people who are predicting a second wave - will any of them learn anything if it doesn't happen?
It would be quite funny if he turned out to be right
It's impossible to tell what is happening between the policeman and the man being arrested - the man is shouting a lot of ''aaaaaargh'' but it's not clear what either of them are trying to achieve...?
The problem is that one does not know if one's comment has been removed - unless you send a message to each person to tell them? So there could be people making innocent and valid contributions and not knowing they have been censored.
It could be seen as incitement to riot though, especially when there have been recent protests in solidarity with protests which turned to riots
You are quite unlikely to catch any viruses from handling money, especially if you wash your hands before touching your face - the virus doesn't leap off the money into your nose - there's more risk from breathing the air in the room
Yes, that's exactly who I'm talking about - they already have to handle the items to scan them, so handling the coins isn't an additional risk as long as they wash their hands before touching their face - they don't need to wash their hands between every customer
Confessions: I'll be taking a sneaky peek between the curtains to see if any of my neighbours are kneeling on their doorsteps holding up bits of cardboard with hashtags on
wot
Most of those things sound like the sort of things which are taken out of context and spun beyond recognition, like maybe affectionate jokes - but I would like to see some evidence of him asserting "people being heroes for commiting ethnic cleansing" because that's a pretty strong claim you're making
When you say "most people" are you talking about literally most people or people of a specific racial ancestry?
You don't seem to understand the difference between those two types of writings
OK, so how exactly were you planning to "show you how non-racist I think that is"?
Do they serve people who are on bicycles?
How does that even work?
I mean how does making a subreddit private show support for BLM
Yes, I read that when I went there before - it's how I knew it was set to private - what I'm asking is *how* does making a subreddit private show support for BLM
Yes, but if the rule is there for the safety of customers, as they claim, then one is just as safe on a bicycle as on a motorbike when queuing at the takeaway checkout
Talking of ''blinkers'' you might need to read all my other comments (warning, there are many thousands) before you make assumptions about my views based on this one comment - you will find me talking about the need for keeping protests about our own police force separate from protests about the police forces in other countries
The problem is that many of the people protesting in this country are confusing our own police force with the USA's police force, as if our own police force are somehow responsible for what happens in other countries - some people who support the London protests are even calling our own police "the feds"
Yes, exactly - it shows how many people are confused about the difference
Do you need to be there to read and hear what the people involved were saying about it and what they were doing?
I can't believe I'm the only Londoner who does not refer to our police as ''the feds'' - but perhaps you are right that I would generally avoid those who do so
Passing comment on a topic and generally sharing one's view does not mean one is "triggered"
I'm not sure which one of us needs to be educated, but do you never express an opinion on an event unless you were there?
I'm not so sure - it sends a message to anyone who wants to organise a mass gathering in the park that they can do it *only* if they are loud and aggressive and threaten violence and destruction if the police try to stop them - if they want a peaceful gathering they will be arrested
What about all the over 60's who use their Oyster cards to travel to work on the tubes and buses? If the government want to make it possible for people to retire at 60 then maybe you can tell them they don't need the tubes and buses to get to work
I don't agree with your view at all - there has been plenty of criticism of people who have been visiting beaches etc - and they were not even getting as close to each other as those protesters - and there was no need at all for those protests - what exactly do you think the protests are trying to achieve? This country has no authority over the USA.
The concept of racial privilege is not saying that racial privilege is the only type of privilege - it is saying that, *all other variables being equal*, one race will have privilege over the other - so if you compare two men of the same age and same wealth and same education and same everything else, and the only difference is their race, then one will have privilege over the other - for example, if they are both walking down the street, one may be stopped and searched by the police while the other isn't - or if they both apply for the same job, one will be given the job, based on his race trumping the other equally capable candidate.
I was trying to explain the concept of 'privilege' and how it doesn't over-ride all other types of privilege - you are reading an argument into it which isn't there
You don't need to be there to see the crowds [on video from above and from close up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jURSBOxV4vw) - I'm very aware of photographic tricks to make people look as if they are closer together, but it's very clear that there are many hundreds of examples of people standing less than 2m from each other, taken from angles which can't be used to trick you
The "Only" is implied - it becomes apparent if you dare to say "ALL lives matter" ... suddenly you are hounded out as a far right Nazi racist for daring to suggest racial equality
There is a report that the police officer was knocked off the horse - I didn't see the video of it but I saw other video of people throwing objects at the mounted police - the crowd turned very nasty when the horses went in - they had already been throwing fireworks and flares as weapons
I was watching a live stream of what was happening just before the horses went in - and a live stream can't choose to show a one sided story like edited clips later - and I saw lines of police standing quietly while an angry mob was shouting abuse at them, throwing lit flares and other objects at them - the police were certainly not provoking or attacking
Thanks - I was trying to find a video of it on youtube earlier and couldn't find one - that looks like it could have been terribly painful
When you say "restricting the lives of trans people" do you mean "making it more difficult for male people to access places which were originally created for female people"?
I'm a bit skeptical about this - they had plenty of opportunity to leave - these are possibly the ones who *refused to leave* when the mob turned violent, throwing flares and bottles etc at the police, so the police now quite rightly want their details
I was watching it on a live video stream - the crowd was shouting abuse at the police and trying to provoke them - the police stood quietly even when the mob started throwing flares and bottles - then they sent extra police and horses in, and even the horses were attacked. Here's a copy of the stream - [you can see it for yourself from around 2:15:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gTXCyozX9A)
Why would you even say something which is blatantly untrue?
We both agree that they are wrong, but that's not what I'm saying - I'm telling you that these people exist and that is what you are denying
No, it's not pedantic - you said something which showed you were unaware that these people exist, and I told you that these people do exist - that is not pedantic
OK, I might come back anyway if I remember, either to gloat or to humbly admit I was wrong - it's a win-win for me
Ocado are selling them, and they are on special offer at the moment, [2 packs of 6 for £2.50](https://www.ocado.com/products/walkers-worcester-sauce-crisps-25g-x-38786011)
I went down that thread a found a [competition between Yorkshire Tea and PG Tips](https://mobile.twitter.com/YorkshireTea/status/1270047023669133316) to see which could be the best and loudest and proudest and most self-righteous supporter of BLM for the purpose of selling tea bags ... I think Yorkshire Tea won in the self-righteous category
You think I haven't addressed your questions, but I think everything was covered by me saying that I think they are not asking for strict sex segregation, but just the way it used to be, which worked pretty well for female people - basically they just want facilities for females and to exclude people who are obviously male. I've been over that at least twice. Your arguments are utterly ridiculous - taking away female people's *right* to ever be allowed to call security on the basis that there might not be adequate security in some places. And taking away female people's *right* to exclude male people from toilets and changing rooms in case there is ever the extremely rare event where a female person is mistaken for male - which is so rare it is not a problem which needs to be considered. Most female people who are *momentarily* mistaken for male due to their clothes and hairstyle are nearly always very quickly seen to be female as soon as they speak. And I'm not offended by your username - I said it was offensive - but I'm not a TERF so it's not directed at me. And I don't believe for one second that these ''hugs'' of which you advocate are anything other than aggressive and forced. If you cared one jot about TERF's you would listen to their concerns and at least try to understand them. You don't seem to have any empathy for female people who want female-only facilities - you see everything from the entitled male perspective.
Why don't you just go to each other's houses? I'm surprised how many people are still trying to obey those rules - it's become like a religion, as if obeying the rules will protect you from virus
Yes, I was just watching the news on telly at lunchtime, and Nelson's Column is high on the list of statues to be toppled
The BLM movement is anti-government, anti-police, anti-capitalism - this is a quote from the BLMUK organisation: &gt; We’re guided by a commitment to dismantle imperialism, capitalism, white-supremacy, patriarchy and the state structures that disproportionately harm black people in Britain and around the world.
It's not a logical fallacy when they are already talking about the statues which they are planning to pull down, and Winston Churchill is quite near the top of the list - and when the Cenotaph has already been attacked by them
I have no idea who "they" are - but they are on their way to Oxford next - although, [having seen the statue up high on a wall](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/11/06/world/europe/06open_rhodes/06open_rhodes-jumbo.jpg), it looks like it's going to be pretty dangerous to climb up there with their ropes and hammers etc (it's the one right at the top of that picture)
First of all, I have already told you at least twice that I am not advocating for sex segregation in toilet facilities - but you were so keen to have an argument about it, so I willingly took the position of trying to explain to you my understanding of what TERF's are campaigning for. Because although it's not my battle, I do empathise and sympathise with their desire for female-only facilities, and am willing to refute ridiculous challenges to their reasonable request. It is reasonable, and workable, to have female-only facilities. We had that system working pretty well for many decades. And you are correct that it was never a strict sex segregation - many times, even obviously male people were allowed in the ''women's'' rooms, at the discretion of other people, and female people felt reassured that they had the right to have creeps like J Yaniv removed. So now, do you have any examples of female people *in the UK* being attacked or kicked out of ''women's'' facilities due to being mistaken for males? You could only find one story from the USA and one from Australia which supports what I said about it being such a rare occurrence that it is hardly a problem and doesn't undermine the entire wish for female-only places. And even then, in one of your examples you admit it was obvious that she was female. It is *vastly* more likely that a male pervert will hang around in the ''women's'' room than it is for a female person to be mistaken for male. If you were genuinely concerned about what is best for female people, maybe you would listen to the concerns of female people instead of telling them that it's best for them if any and all males are allowed in the women's rooms. Your list of increasingly ridiculous and irrelevant rhetorical questions do not invite an answer, except to say that if you seriously believe that the provision of female-only facilities will lead to a curfew for males, and the banning of alcohol for males, then you are beyond reason and there is no point in continuing this discussion. So you might like to think about your list of questions and retract some or all of them. The reason I say that you speak from the perspective of male entitlement is that you prioritise the wishes of males over the wishes of females when they want a female-only place. The male entitlement is that females are not allowed to have a place which excludes males. I did not say that you have been aggressive in this discussion - you have not - and I digress for a moment to say that I appreciate the civil discussion - what I did say is that your *username* is offensive and aggressive towards TERF's - and of course there is no reason for you to change it if you don't agree - I was just sharing my opinion of it, and my opinion of it is based on the context of how you bulldoze all over the rights of female people to exclude males from female-only places, and how you dismiss their concerns for the safety and privacy and dignity for themselves and for teenage and younger girls. Although this is not my battle, I do have a suggestion for toilet facilities and changing rooms which takes the wishes of both sides into account: how about if there was one room for all genders which anyone can use (what used to be the ''men's'' room) and one room for females only (what used to be the ''women's'' room)?
Probably right now - the car market has suddenly got moving again - car showrooms are open and people are selling their old cars to buy new ones
It's not compulsory until next week
It would be hilarious if he just sliced off the entire last line, so it ends with "but I can lace mine up"
But surely they are even more powerless when people like you don't support the prosecution of those who attack them
I don't think we are going to make any further progress towards you understanding why TERF's want the right to have creepy males removed from the women's rooms, and how this is a reasonable request, because in your own mind, you have invalidated their wishes with a long list of unreasonable arguments. There's no point going round in circles on those arguments, but I would like to pick up on one thing you said about the female people who say, as you paraphrased "even if they aren't a threat, I don't care, they're male they have no business being in a female space" ... you interpret that as spitefulness, but again this is because you have so little empathy with female people, and you see the situation from the entitled male perspective. It's not spitefulness - a lot of female people feel very uncomfortable sharing changing rooms with male people - they would prefer female-only rooms - not because they hate males, not because they want to spite anyone, but for their own comfort. You do not understand why any female person would feel uncomfortable sharing with males. You are very bold at wanting legislation based on *your* own comfort, but you bulldoze all over the comfort of female people. You are so uncomfortable with the thought of sharing toilet facilities with males [the ones who identify as men] that you would even avoid going in the "men's" facilities - and yet you *still* don't care how female people feel when you force them to accept males into the "women's" room, and take away their right to have the creepiest ones removed.
"Dear Priti, shut up, you are not dark enough to have experienced *real* racism"
yes, we know this
The bottom line is that you want legislation which guarantees that *you* will have access to the ''women's'' rooms, because *you* are uncomfortable using the ''men's'' rooms ... everything else you said is a long winded way of bulldozing all over the feelings and rights of female people who wish to exclude creepy males from the ''women's'' rooms. You are not even satisfied with all the allowances that female people have already made, and will continue to make, for you. Sacrificing their own comfort for yours. I can understand why TERF's just throw up their hands in exasperation and walk away from entitled males like you, and carry on with their campaign, writing you off as just another male who has no empathy for female people. You want the rules to be built around *your* personal comfort.
Either you weren't interested enough to watch the videos which are available, or you saw them and justified the bad behaviour - so no, I'm not wasting my time fetching videos for you to watch
You think it's a legitimate grievance to say that our police force is racist? The very police force which is right now protecting them - the very police force which stood quietly while they threw flares and bottles at them
Your version: "BLM protestors were kettled for hours, prevented from going home and retaliated." What actually happened: They were attacking the police, they were told to go home, they refused to go home, they continued attacking the police, so the police detained them all to get their names and addresses etc. They had *plenty* of opportunity to go home.
If the police weren't there to protect them, they would be soundly thrashed by those yobs
To be fair, there were *hundreds* of fairly ordinary blokes who went there for the purpose of being available to protect war memorials etc if it became necessary - they stood around peacefully chatting in the sunshine, drinking cans of beer and they went home when it became clear that the police were taking good care of everything - it's not right to brand them all as ''far right thugs'' and if anyone does, that is as bad as branding the entire BLM rally as ''anarchist thugs'' because of the foul behaviour of a minority
I think my view of reality is a bit more accurate than yours - I think yours is a bit skewed by your political bias
I saw that myself, and I'm not defending them, I'm defending the hundreds who were not behaving badly - the ones that you have overlooked
In conclusion - you cannot be reasoned with - and you are the one defending ignorant violent thugs
That's not what I'm talking about
OK yeah, I could install a dishwasher which would block the window in the kitchen - or maybe if I moved the fridge into another room - you are technically correct
A lot of female people would like to have the right to call security and have an obviously male person removed from the ''women's'' room if he is a bit creepy - the current law protects the creeps who want to hang around making female people feel uncomfortable
By the end of Saturday, it struck me as quite ironic that the BLM protesters were protesting against the very police force which spent all day protecting them from a bunch of ignorant yobs who would have soundly thrashed them if the police had left them to it
I would be willing to bet real money that some are, yes
Apparently it was happening all over the place because the public toilets were all closed
It's not good to touch your food with those chemicals on your hands - it's better to wash with soap and rinse and dry, before touching food
Might be best to just burn all the text books, just to be safe
Maybe you never thought about it - are you politically left leaning yourself? It's a lot clearer if you're not on the left
You're right - that is very unclear - I have edited my question - thank you :)
It *does* already have meaning in this country - it is an act of submission or supplication in this country
But you are not allowing for the fact that this gesture already has an established meaning in this country
Well here's an interesting question: can *you* tell form the photos and videos that each and every one of them was willingly supporting the BLM movement and all its objectives, including the opposition to our police force and its anti-capitalist politics? Do they even *know* all that they are being asked to kneel for?
I doubt if anyone was coerced into going to the rallies, I'm not talking about them - only footballers and other groups who have pressured all their members to comply.
Then how does the ''show of solidarity'' make any sense if they are opposed to some of the USA's objectives?
Among other things, this: &gt; We’re guided by a commitment to dismantle imperialism, capitalism, white-supremacy, patriarchy and the state structures that disproportionately and systematically harm Black people in Britain and around the world.
I've seen photos and videos of other groups, before the footballers started doing it - but the principle is the same, so it's not useful to show you because you would view them as identical in motivation - also it's going to be a total of 220 footballers, plus referees and club staff etc - you can calculate 20 times whatever number per club, and then tell me that you don't believe even *one* of those people felt pressure to support an anti-police anti-government anti-capitalist movement. (Besides the glorious irony of Premier League players who earn millions of quids being anti-capitalist)
No, it doesn't matter at all, but we do still have this opportunity to speak our views, and I'm enjoying it while it lasts
That's always the bottom line, isn't it: "If you don't support us it must be because you are racist"
But surely that means that *you* have imagined that all those kneeling people are doing it *without* feeling the pressure to do it - whichever way you look at it, we are both making assumptions about what is in the minds of all those people who are kneeling after having been told to kneel
OK, if you can show me a small group *within* the BLM movement who are speaking out against those who are anti-police and anti-government and anti-capitalist, I will accept that the movement accommodates a variety of political views.
Here are a couple of journey planners which I find very useful: https://tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/ https://www.nationalrail.co.uk/
There is more wastage with the round ones actually - and the square ones float and infuse just as well as the round ones and are just as strong - basically you're wrong about everything
But do the 'toxic chemicals used in manufacturing' transfer from the melamine to the beer? Melamine lasts for decades, it can be washed and re-used hundreds of times. Surely there must be toxic chemicals used in recycling plastic cups? They don't just melt it down and re-mould it, do they?
OK, if you haven't ever seen a male person claiming that he has literally become biologically female, then perhaps you haven't been following this circus long enough - also I wasn't even thinking of what you call "bathrooms" - are you even in the UK?
It's biological fact that a male person cannot literally become female. Clearly I understand biology slightly better than you do on this subject.
Did you see exactly what I referred to as a distraction? The issue of whether I am offended or not is a distraction from the actual topic.
You want to discuss whether I'm offended or not? I'm not even thinking about it right now - I'm cooking dinner and waiting to see if anyone wants to discuss the actual topic.
Thank you, it was rather delicious ... so is the extent of your interest in the topic the issue that my views and use of language are offensive? If so, does that debate lead anywhere, or am I supposed to just keep quiet to avoid offending anyone? No matter how careful I could be with my use of language, I would still offend those who are complaining about the BBC being ''transphobic'' while they campaign for males to have access to any and all places which were previously reserved for females, so I don't waste time tying myself up in knots trying to appease them, because the *very concept* of female-only places is offensive to them.
You didn't read my comment carefully enough - I said "... as well as any other males who might want to enjoy the female-only facilities" ... this was *including* males who get a thrill out of using female-only facilities, not saying that *all* males have that same motivation for wanting access to female-only facilities. And I never said anything about chromosomes - what are you talking about? Sex is not defined by one's chromosomes. Advocating for a female-only room is not done for the purpose of "ostracising trans people" it's excluding *male* people - *any* male people - not just "trans women" but *any* male people, including those creeps who get a thrill out of using female-only facilities.
You seem to have mis-read my first paragraph.
You might like to go back and read my comment again, more carefully - who *exactly* was I talking about when I said that?
I read the comments which you quoted, and I'm not seeing how I have confused sex and gender ... I'm thinking maybe you have misunderstood something - I was talking about a hypothetical female-only room - if female people were allowed to have female-only facilities - does that make it clearer? Anyway, you see how you still accuse JK Rowling of "transphobia" no matter how careful she is to avoid offending people, so what's the point in struggling to avoid offending people with careful use of language when the very concept of female-only places is offensive to them.
From the National Rail website: &gt; please only travel by train if it is really necessary. From the TFL website: &gt; Avoid public transport if possible
I would be quite pleased to see a responsible chap chasing after his Twix wrapper
Well that's a shame - shame on them - and all the more praise for you if you chase after your Twix wrapper in the face of such discouragement
It's still as infectious as it always was, but *most* of those who were going to catch it have caught it already - none of the countries who have eased lockdown measures have had a second wave *unless* they locked down too hard too soon and didn't let it run through the town properly
In April it was pretty obvious that there were certain companies benefitting from this, and that they would continue to benefit long after the virus dwindled
yes indeed, it's a miracle
If you would like to discuss this, could you do so without using vile obscenities? Do you know the meaning of the word 'epidemic'? It is a perfectly appropriate word when talking about the response of one specific country to their experience of a wider pandemic.
It's a very sensible choice, to have wipe clean upholstery with a blanket to cover it which can be washed, because everything will probably get covered in milk, pee, vomit, and poo
My kitchen is south facing and gets very hot on days like this and I found a solution to the butter problem - if you get a cloth, about the thickness of a tea towel, and wet it with cold water and squeeze it out gently so it's wet but not dripping, then wrap it around your butter dish, it will keep the butter at a perfect temperature for spreading
The reason why that photo looks so unnatural is because it has used trick photography and overdone it a bit
They were out in the sunshine, keeping good distance from each other, and very unlikely to be spreading viruses ... I was much more disturbed by the violence last night in Brixton - people attacking and injuring police, and smashing up vehicles like wild animals
those photos use trick photography to make it look like people are much closer together - I've seen the videos taken from helicopters which show that they are actually keeping a good distance
There are many articles online which explain how it's done, [such as this one](https://fullfact.org/online/photos-social-distancing/) [And here is one with some crowd scenes for you to compare](https://nyheder.tv2.dk/samfund/2020-04-26-hvor-taet-er-folk-paa-hinanden-disse-billeder-er-taget-samtidig-men-viser-to)
No, there's no magic involved - viruses have a natural rate of progress through a population, and some people just never catch it - countries which tried to stop it with a lockdown which was too hard and too soon, like NZ, have left their population vulnerable to a huge second wave when they allow normal life to resume - when can they *ever* open their borders? But countries which have had a lockdown which was late and lax are not seeing a second wave, because it probably infected most of the people who were going to get it, so there will only be small numbers of new cases. Like London.
It wasn't 500,000 on one little beach, it was along a long stretch of coastline - and if you watch videos of the scene which aren't using ridiculous trick photography, you can see that pretty much everyone was keeping good distance - way more than 2m between people. And in any case, there is no evidence that large gatherings are causing second waves.
Is it freely available to the public to read? Anyway, the evidence so far suggests that large gatherings in London have not led a second wave.
I keep thinking I would like to go on a one-person protest - with a tiny tiny placard the size of a postcard on a lolly stick - I've just not decided what to write on my placard though - there's so much to protest against.
"Down with this sort of thing"
Oh yeah, that was me who took him up on the bet - Bad UK indeed
It looks like the one doing the filming was out of order there, sticking his camera into a group of people who were minding their own business, and trying to get their attention - or is there some context which makes his behaviour acceptable?
Well maybe they all identify as black
Just because something is legal doesn't mean it is morally or socially acceptable
He was filming *before* they walked up to him - it's the reason *why* they walked up to him - so did he have a good reason to be filming them?
I'm asking you or anyone else who is reading this - it's like you started replying and then forgot what was at the top of the thread - it might help if you go back and read it all again
Did you try to explain to them that this was not your real opinion? Some lockdown enthusiasts get very angry if you express approval for enjoying the sunshine on the beach.
I have been wondering this week if Mixed Race Lives Matter - or not
It's well known to be true that the BLM movement in the UK has allowed and encouraged the far left to lead it - they are openly anti-police, anti-government and anti-capitalist
I've seen enough evidence, so it would be a logical fallacy to dismiss the evidence on the grounds that it has been reported by the Daily Mail
I didn't say they were - you might need to read that again
Fear of males is not the same as hatred of males - I support sex segregation in certain situations, but not because I *hate* males - some of my most beloved people in this world are male, and any decent male would agree that female people need and deserve female-only places and events
That's fine if these issues don't interest you, but the point is that a lot of female people *do* care very much about these things, and are being accused of ''transphobia'' when they advocate for rights and protections for female people
Right, so it comes down to you being pedantic, and refusing to agree that the term TERF is used to silence female people - because *technically* they can still speak. Apart from all those who are censored and banned of course. For being accused of being TERF's.
OK, yes there is a distinction, but you are being pedantic, because so often the name calling of TERF is done in support of the movement to silence TERF's - both literally silencing by censorship, and also by rendering their views invalid
This is utterly ridiculous, especially since the vast majority of pupils have siblings in other year groups
The people they were ridiculing at the meeting - were they not male people who were demanding access to places which were previously reserved for female people? I'm not condoning their behaviour - I don't think it's mature and productive - but what I'm saying is that it doesn't suggest an ''extreme and irrational fear''. Their fear of males in female-only places is not irrational, and in most cases is not extreme.
