From the Guardian article: &gt;Asked whether such tests are still being carried out, she said: 'It is not our policy to discuss ongoing research.'
youtube released a statement which was basically "we're sorry if you were offended, the video is taken down now", basically trying to take credit for Logan taking the video down himself. No promise of punishment, or making sure this doesn't happen again, just standard PR boilerplate non-apology. If you have anything remotely LGBT in your video title you automatically get demonetized and fucked over, but you're fine if you show a dead body to millions of kids apparently.
It's one things to fuck around with your friends when you're all cool with it. This dude is obviously not his friend, and is plainly not cool with it. You're a dick if you fuck with people who want to be left alone or don't want to interact with you, end of story.
And what if the febreeze had bacteria in it, got in his eye, then he had to have his eye removed and everyone at the hospital called him "one-eye farty nerd loser"? Would he have been able to retaliate then? Or what if febreeze killed his mother and pissed on his dog? Huh? Huh!?
What makes you think on any level they're friends?
Fair do's, I think my post might have been a bit too aggressive. Anyway, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2wwrnh/serious_people_who_have_been_in_a_viral/cov3zgf/)'s where someone is claiming to be the dude in the video, someone else posted this somewhere.
As someone who blocks youtube ads, you're being super self-righteous.
I'm a big Oingo Boingo fan.
She never said she was standing in line, just waiting for her drink. Girl behind her would likely have been sitting at a table.
you're welcome.
Even if it was a choice, who cares? If someone chooses to have consensual sex with another person of the same gender, how is that affecting you?
I'm really not a fan of this, it essentially just puts the blame for gay oppression on gay people themselves.
Yeah I feel you. I loved Family Guy when I was younger, and now it definitely is neglected trash, just like the Simpsons, but looking back, the humour was never really great and every idea and message in it was terrible. It's sorta like how I'm now feeling about South Park, it was funny enough but I'm growing to really hate the writers behind it.
I'm sure they're fine, maybe saying hate them was a bad way of phrasing it, but I just really dislike the ideas and messages they're putting across in their stories. Now and again they'll say something decent, but most of it seems to be coming from very rich dudes who don't understand how the world works outside their bubble.
I mean, that's fair but also one the reasons I don't really like it any more. It's basically like "if you're not a centrist depressed apathetic nihilist then you're a stupid nerd". It's not always like that, but that's the reason why I've been put off it in recent years, and I feel like that central message is becoming harder to ignore in a world of Trump, which they've publicly stated they're trying to pussyfoot around.
wow jeez, sorry for having different tastes to you my dude.
How is there not an objective explanation? It's a programming question.
Why would Matt and Trey, or you, care if they offend the right? They're central message is "we don't care if you're offended", which is dumb and part of why I dislike them, but they could at least be consistent with it.
We had the guy who broke into two of our cars on video, but the police didn't do shit until we got it into the local paper. They still didn't do anything until after he stabbed a guy later on, but still, it's worth going to the media to get them off their arses. ACAB
I love crystallized honey.
I purposely let clear honey crystallize because of the sweet texture. It's not like set honey. I don't know if I've had creamed honey before.
A lot of redditors are conflating advice with authoritarian fascist dictatorship lately.
Yeah I've had the same experience on every ad on Firefox and on Chrome. I've switched to just using Firefox now so I can click the speaker icon quickly on the tab.
yeah we should take advice from a the_donald poster.
There's a bunch of other factors, but one thing is that if you eat a bunch, your fat cells actually expand, so it becomes easier to put on weight and harder to lose it. On top of this your bacteria in your stomach will actually influence you and give you urges to eat more of the food that produces that bacteria. I'm not really a fan of Gervais's nihilistic apathy in general.
Apparently it's a big thing now with "tweetdeckers" where they all organise over discord to retweet each others bad stolen tweets en masse to all their high follower accounts, which is why you can see so many mediocre stolen tweets getting like 100k+ retweets overnight.
Ah I see what you mean. I suppose there are ways around it if you wanna go all in, but probably more trouble than you'd get out of it.
[Uh-oh, another one of Fry's dogs](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x56ugi7?start=180) \**throws dog in acid*\*
The way you put those both together, do you really believe dumpster diving is immoral? Another question I'm interested in hearing your answer to, do you think it's ethical for super markets to waste tones of perfectly fine food and prevent homeless people from accessing it?
Fat people hate turned into a alt-right circle jerk and started doxxing people and even reddit and imgur staff.
Were the "jailbait" subreddits technically illegal? Morally reprehensible and 100% deserving of a thousand bannings still. AFAIK the reason behind those bannings were 100% because of media attention. Morality and intent behind bannings are not really in line with each other, though everyone here has a different idea of morality.
Consensual kink between adults isn't pedophillia my dude, even if you find it gross.
Was it used against him in criminal proceedings or just to influence public proceedings or some civil thing or something?
Happy 8 years since the worst Portal joke.
"Not an argument" isn't actually an argument.
AFAIK it was overrun by far-righters after the admin shut it down because it was being overtaken by terrible people and then they rebooted it.
Maybe I'm wrong but it looks like there's a bit of a trick to it. Notice how the first nail is much more angled? I think he uses the flat underside bit of the hammer and pulls it towards him as he comes down, which means he has a much greater margin of error to work with than it appears, since the nail just had to get caught anywhere on the underside to get pulled down in one swift motion.
It's the dumbest thing as well because you can use the grey scale image as an alpha channel to mask an all black layer. plenty of tutorials on it, then you just mess with levels of the mask. Heck, you could even just set the lined layer to "multiply". Black is 0, white is 1. So say the colour underneath is blue, where there's black[0,0,0] * blue[0,0,1] = [0,0,0], but where there's white[1,1,1] * blue[0,0,1] = blue[0,0,1] So there's two methods for you to colour lines without having to mess with deleting the white and leaving behind a white fringe or having terrible aliased lines.
It sounds like a nursery rhyme or something. *12 funny waiting skeleton memes, waiting for a response,* *12 funny waiting skeleton memes*
That's fair, you do you.
ok
It happens with every niche sub that gets big unfortunately. Every mock subreddit is doomed to become full of alt-right idiots reposting satire or making shit up
Y'know all that stuff people think about wolf behaviour with the "alpha" and the "betas"? All bullshit, based off a study as flawed as the anti-vaccine study. In reality, the wolves take turns to be leader, constantly switching out to let the other rest. They're pretty dope it turns out.
It's my top Marvel movie. All the others are ok but generic action, Ragnarok was the only special one imo.
https://i.imgur.com/HUHjBAF.gif
No problem, have a good day. I didn't read too closely so I share some of the blame, I mostly just wanted to make jokes about fursonas.
Normally I wouldn't put in the effort but I am procrastinating from work right now... https://i.imgur.com/yd6Ahhx.png
It's weird how they think that being a secret Brit would somehow also mean he's a pedo or something? I mean I know we had Jimmy Saville, but you guys elected a pedo for your president.
Some people are well aware of the reality, which may be part of why they don't want to relive it. Would you say that to a black kid who's dad got lynched? That they need to face reality if they asked you to add a trigger warning to a graphic racist image? The alt-right hate "trigger warnings", which are used to aid people with PTSD. We should not be like them, we should protect our vulnerable people instead of treating everyone like they have the same experiences and responsibilities.
someone's angry at a hair cut.
not every comic is a comedy comic.
I like this, I think it might "technically" be illegal, according that official lego rule book for designers that was going around. Still cool though.
It was doing well until David Cage made a game about it. Everyone who can has been high-tailing it outta there since.
This sounds a lot like the bullshit your boss tells you why is the reason they can't afford to pay you a living wage and then goes on to embezzle funds to buy a hot tub.
Do mods approve these bots? Seems incredibly rude and the sort of thing that should be left up to subreddit owners to implement.
The dude would throw people in a vat of acid if he thought it would let him make cars cheaper. A service controlled by a rich dude with a terrible record of worker rights that discredits the news outlets he doesn't like is \**sonic voice*\* no good It's literal Trump tactics. The democrats tried this same bullshit with Veritt which got ripped to shred for being terrible.
If you equate two sides of an issue, all you'll ever do is elevate the worst one and bring down the best. It's reductive, lazy and worse than useless. The democrats are terrible, but to equate them to republicans, especially in the current climate, is ridiculous and disingenuous. Let's be perfectly clear what's happened hear, a prominent Trumper, Roseanne, compared a black woman to an ape. Don't pretend this isn't hideously racist. As retribution for the firing, Trump demands left media be censored, equating a white woman calling another white woman a "cunt" with being a racist. These things are in no way equivalent.
Public defenders are usually, (obviously depending on the state and country, but more often than not), motivated to get through as many cases as they can. This means they'll pressure their clients (who are poor, otherwise they'd pay for a lawyer) to take plea deals even when they're innocent or the case against them isn't that bad. Rich people can afford to hire lawyers who are interested in keeping their client out of jail for their own reputation, and so their client can give them more money in the future. If you got a lot of money you can pay for the lawyer that has a good reason they charge more money than other lawyers.
It kinda sucks that the sales people are the villains when they've been forced to meet unrealistic targets that requires them to resort to this. They're not out to make your day worse, they're just trying to survive. Worst thing is, corporate comes out looking like the hero by giving you credit, when their policies are what caused the scenario in the first place. Plausible deniability lets the rich get richer at the expense for people on the bottom.
And more often than not, the people with the means to arbitrarily sue poor people to ruin their lives is not going to do it for great reasons.
Because a lot of redditors are teens and man children who lack empathy and critical thinking. They are quick to forget reddit witch hunts resulted in innocent people dying because they fingered the wrong person as the Boston Bomber.
"Internet wrath" isn't a hammer, it's a fucking bulldozer. It can make the rest of many people's lives hell. Reddit justice was responsible for killing innocent people because they were bad at investigating the Boston Bomber.
I think the adult handled the situation fine, but man, the reddit comments are terrible.
I think you're being misled by your lack of experience and education on the topics.
the pro is rated to last for more writes than the evo, I'm pretty sure that's the main if not only difference. Might be worth looking into if you want your OS on it, and not just some commonly used programs.
I was under the impression that OP already talked with one of the mods about this.
Unfortunately he's pretty douchey.
h t t p colon forward slash forward slash double u double u double u reddit dot com forward slash r forward slash full scorpion (no spaces)
I mean your unconcious feelings aren't omnipotent or more likely to be "right". You could just as easily accuse someone of being a pedo because you're unconciously homophobic or don't like pizza men or something.
ye probably
Reminds me of the Picasso story, which is probably fake but whatever. Someone asks Picasso to make them something, he scribbles something amazing on a napkin in 5 minutes and says "one bajillion dollars please" (or whatever) and the dude is like "wtf mate, that took you 5 minutes" and picasso is all like "fuck off man, it took me like 50 years to draw" The implication being that the long life of education is part of the drawing process. I probably butchered that proverb.
Could be a friend of the woman getting harassed, which would also explain why they were filming to begin with.
There's a memory trick I learnt from Derren Brown talking about it. You can remember any sequence of words front and back. Say you had to remember "monkey, sausage, phone", you'd visualize a money eating a sausage, then you'd visualize a sausage dialing a phone, or something ridiculous. You've "chunked" the list, so as long as you remember the first thing, it leads onto the second thing, and so on, and you can do it backwards just as easily. All the good rememberererers don't actually have better brain parts, maybe some do but it's not important, they just utilize their brains more effectively and efficiently than the rest of us, using tricks and techniques.
I think this goes to show that the racists hiding behind "I'm not a racist, I just hate their religion" are very aware that they hate more than just the religion (which is still pretty fucked up in itself anyway considering it's very similar to Christianity)
over here it's usually because the first person to die of a new drug died here.
gentlemen eat ass
this bot sucks even when it's right. Everyone's got the red line already, fuck off.
I'm tired of people blaming gay people for their own oppression.
Straight people are the oppressors, by in large, not gay people. Blaming gay people for their own oppression does not in fact help them.
yeah segregation is fucking oppressive how the fuck are you defending that
It's also because he's accidentally marked his posts as containing sensitive content, he can literally disable it by unchecking one box in his settings.
They're not creative, they gotta steal something so they can latch on to it. Reminds me of the "Red Pillers" who are ridiculously misogynistic and often transphobic despite the reference being to a movie written and directed by two trans women
All lyle has to do is uncheck a box in settings. He did this to himself, probably on accident. https://i.imgur.com/RXVqK61.png
I mean he still wouldn't qualify for a disability parking. I get what you mean though, many people who do qualify have invisible disabilities, a lot don't even require a wheelchair but will be incredible pain if they have to walk a distance. That's why I sorta get upset when I see these types of vengeful posts because I worry it's going to inspire more vigilante justice against disabled people from arseholes who decide they don't look disabled enough.
This is exactly what I was thinking. I hate vigilantes for this reason, for every incident that goes perfectly, there's a bunch more where innocent people are bothered or hurt.
\*gets banned from a facebook group for posting the n-word\* # STop censoring me!
I paid for software that downloads videos from most streaming sites at the highest resolution available. (I was near a deadline and I needed a lot of videos to watch on the side while working) It's handy and can do batch downloads but I'm not naming them because they forced "achievements" into the application, so randomly it would just pop up "YOU GOT AN ACHIEVEMENT (did a download) or some shit and it was essentially just a way to scam you into advertising their software on your facebook despite the fact that you paid for it, no way to disable it either.
^^People ^^need ^^to ^^look ^^up ^^Hitler ^^before ^^they ^^say ^^GMOs ^^are ^^bad.
Gig economy is an effective scam. Not saying you fell for anything, they just made it so it was the best option for you because they're all a bunch of sociopathic bastards who want a bigger pool.
your post history is full of you defending monsanto
He is a real person who believes stupid things. I know it's hard to believe, but bad tweeters exist, people do in fact post dumb shit online.
sure thing astroturf man, gotta just go about my normal business on the internet responding to everyone who criticized a massive corporation.
HONK
There's your problem, you're so ridiculously disconnected from the struggles of others in the present.
He's written plenty of *actively* racist comics. He's incredibly overt I don't know how people could say there's any fucking doubt whatsoever about that, which is fucked up because there's plenty of people who are a fair bit more subtle than him.
The grammar implies that they meant a foreign country relative to Israel.
Metroid is the doctor, Metroid's monster is the dude.
people putting lens flares on their jpg screenshots of text convos now?
yes I'm sure his comics about black people being genetically inferior and dumber than white people are not at all racist. https://i.redd.it/a7slpgx022v01.jpg https://i.imgur.com/VFEdfGy.jpg https://i1.wp.com/stonetoss.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/billionaires-comic-1.png?fit=625%2C605&amp;ssl=1
Where exactly and specifically does the data clearly back you up on your assertion?
That is just a bunch of tables with no sources for any of the data.
hmm, why is this dude defending this obviously nazi comic so much? I'll glance at his post history &gt;[To use the rights logics, it's like the jews profiting off of the goyum.](http://archive.is/NVdAX) Oh right
I too love when people don't stand for racism. I'm glad we can agree that racism is bad.
Because they don't. Here's an example: * Youtube has a rainbow logo * Youtube demonetizes LGBT creators, including any video with "trans" in the title * Youtube pushes hate-filled anti-gay ads in front of LGBT videos
hashtag why were they filming www reddit dot co dot uk forward slash question mark equals sign ^aaaaa^aa^a^a
https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2018/06/01/nike-stirs-controversy-by-using-a-pink-triangle-on-shoes-in-their-pride-collection/
It's a pretty dumb question for an exam to understand whether the student understand the ones/hundreds/tens stuff.
You're spending too much time hanging out with misogynists.
There's a world of people outside your school.
yep, super ethical journalism who admits he gets his info from /pol/
op posted potato quality tiny jpg for some reason, it's clearer in the original. Also it seems pretty intentional to make you read two different message with different contexts.
A Conservative MP specifically. Someone said that upskirting has been banned in Scotland for years, since the dudes wear skirts too.
my friend made enough money to pay for a trampoline doing this shit about a decade ago.
Seems rude to crop out the original tweeter of this.
Imagine being the type of person who sees a whale spinal column who just goes "huh" and then keeps walking their dog, whistling a royalty free tune.
It's only illegal if the fish police catch you. ^^^^^^^I ^^^^^^^know ^^^^^^^whales ^^^^^^^aren't ^^^^^^^mammals ^^^^^^^dont ^^^^^^^at ^^^^^^^me
I mean no one had a problem with Sadam Hussein's death, or Osama Bin Laden's killing. I'm not saying it's equivalent, but there's definitely a line where it's ok. Also, a lot of people are accusing people of "celebrating death" when they're just responding to all the rewriting of history of his character, which is an insult to his victims who are still alive.
I am a little bothered by you saying he wasn't the nicest kid in the block" when he beat and tortured his pregnant girlfriend and beat up someone for being gay. Using this "polite" centrist language hurts his still living victims and helps no one, apart from you, who's hoping to avoid controversy.
It's cool, night night man
hello I am a robotronic redditor user, beep boop. Hyperbole is not literally correct and therefore an invalid usage of language. Your toast is now ready BEEP BEEP BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.
Thought this was a nsfw not a spoiler tag and thought they were wearing negligee in the inner picture for a sec.
bad people have bad ideas.
https://morejpeg.com/Image/JPEG/2e9147f5-4679-e811-80f0-9d5eaea625ba
I'm not that into football but that's pretty neat.
https://morejpeg.com/Image/JPEG/82afbd99-9379-e811-80f0-9d5eaea625ba
Facebook's reaction system sucks shit. It just shows that at least one person has liked/hated/laughed at it, even if 9999 did the opposite.
It's not specifically meant to invoke that, but from the context that this person broke up with his girlfriend in this short amount of time and then spent $1000 to spite her, we can infer that there were probably way more "downs" than "ups"
Kinda shitty to perpetuate the myth that abuse victims are dangerous. It's super victim blamey and stigmitizing.
It's definitely an arsehole move but in the supermarkets it tells you the price of stuff per 100g or whatever so it makes it easy to compare the actual value of products. I think amazon does this as well?
This happened to me once, dropped a big bottle on it. Black fluid filled underneath it for months, until it finally popped, leaving a bumpy mess underneath. I couldn't wear shoes for weeks. I remember it hanging off by a thread after it popped underneath, had to pull it off.
these are good answers but it seems very silly for so many of people to have downvoted the dude just asking perfectly reasonable follow up questions.
Something similar happened with me and a PS3. Dude on ebay apparently "dropped" it after I bought it, so he refunded me everything direct to my bank except for £5, he then ghosted me. I contacted ebay, told them he owes me a fiver, they just refunded the full amount again, so I basically doubled my money. I would've given him it back as well if he suddenly didn't unghost me to send me physical threats immediately.
It's a crappy question but the experiment has been done properly numerous times and is used for development assessment. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v17ge9Qx24
If arseholes _can_ abuse them then they're not great at all. The whole point of security is to reduce the abuse as much as possible.
but bakers chocolate tastes really good.
fuck u ^^*bitch*
whoever was naming groups of animals really had a low opinion of them, between iguanas and crows.
George H W Bush is finally dead.
This is a nice change from the usual confessions on this sub, "I killed my wife and kids, but I feel real bad about it." Glad things worked out.
First, I think you could've probably posted your own thread, it seems a bit rude to put this in a thread with a wholesome OP. Second, I think it's absolutely fine to feel no sadness about someone dying who made your life worse, you know I think it's great that Margaret Thatcher is dead. Third, there's a question of autonomy and blame that I think would be interesting to explore. I know someone who is insanely racist because they were groomed to be a racist from their Nazi uncle at a young age; is it their fault they're racist? No it's not, but the fact is they're racist now and causing harm. I suppose free will is fake or whatever, and everyone becomes who they are because of a complicated series of factors beyond their control, so no one really can be blamed for the harm they do. I guess in the end, blame is just a tool we can use to reduce the harm of people.
Oh wow this is super shitty, the original artist gets no money from this.
You are ultra-rich, you'll be fine. I can't stress how much more wealth you have than the general populace.
That exact person was calling trans people "it" in previous legal advice threads, they definitely have an axe to grind. It's a shame how many transphobes are in the sub.
pretty sure it is specifically against the airbnb tos, though I'm not certain. Also I think it might be illegal or legally grey in America? I'm not a lawyer or even a half-way semi-competent armchair lawyer.
This is amazing. Just out of my own sense of fantasy, does anyone have an idea how impossible it would be to somehow build a tricopter into the base even with the outer shell to have it flying around? I'd imagine it'd probably never work because of the angle. Maybe it would be possible to take some liberties with design, but even then it'd probably be too heavy anyway. This is probably why I can never finish anything, because my scope goes of proportion and I never aim for anything realistic.
I'm sure it's achievable with a small team of people and 30 years of constant work. This though is amazing, I like how the flaps are flapped open with the little prong, gives it a lot of personality.
I mean, 9700k would obviously be *better*. Both are probably overkill.
Haha yeah this was my first thought too. Like the swastika throw pillows and lamp would make it seem like a parody if it wasn't for the fact that someone had to buy and own a bunch of nazi stuff to make it.
the year is 2020, the only porn left on the internet is "Kramer's adventure to get some hentai".
I mean this is specifically our conservative government who are all very old and also hate human rights.
Sure, as one of the two largest parties they've been super shitty in a lot of ways, but they still pale in comparison to the conservatives. They're under new leadership now too, and the party is becoming a lot more progressive thankfully. People are still under the impression "both sides are the exact same and there's no difference whatsoever" which can only elevate the worse side and brings down the better side.
they're all immortal now.
Don't forget OJ Simpson also had a looottt of money for good lawyers.
I mean it sounds like the professor was just joking around, so I'd imagine no one would report him unless they had a problem.
I don't want to be the dick who posts a thathappened subreddit link, but isn't there a better image or something that could be used besides a highly jpeged image designed to be shared around uncritically on facebook?
That sounds like the law they used to finally get Seinfeld and his cronies.
banned from tumblr
[Oh so everyone you don't like is automatically a Nazi?](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/284/880/f62.jpg)
You don't drink bong water, that's the stuff they filter out.
Forest Gump. Probably wouldn't have even been on any adventures.
that seems like it wouldn't work but I don't know enough about magic drug blood to contest it.
Ryan Reynolds isn't *real*.
Games today, even ones you have to pay $60 for (I'm looking at you Call of Duty) have gambling mechanics built in that lets them take advantage of, "whales," which is the official term. A "whale" is someone, usually a gambling addict, who sinks hundreds, if not thousands of dollars into your game. It's gross as hell and I'm at least glad people are getting upset at lootboxes. They games industry does a lot of other gross shit, but I'm glad people at least get mad at *some* of it.
the casual aspect refers to how the abuse is treated by the abuser, not the abuse itself. I.E: "Oh yeah last weekend I went go-karting, set my child on fire, bought some peanut butter oreos at a kiosk."
Don't surprise people with animals!
Was hoping they'd fix the gyro issues with the ds4 controller that came about in 1.4, sadly not.
Yeah for sure. Like I say it isn't badly animated, it just feels like some exec said, "harumph, get me that family guy style, family guy made a lot of money"
Seems like a moot point either way. There's no way you can control whether your children are gay, the only thing you can do is support them whoever they turn out to be.
I don't know if this is unpopular, I think it is a pretty even split right? A lot of people play single player games, a lot of people play multiplayer games, I don't think there's a big war between multiplayer likers and single player likers or anything. Multiplayer games tend to be fun with friends, also in Europe randos don't really speak as much on microphone so you have that bonus.
I haven't eaten Salmon in a while because it is pretty gross, but it can actually be delicious if you prepare it right, and are in the right mood. But yeah, in general it's pretty gross and overpriced, but having patience and good skill with cooking it makes a huge difference.
I think they're pretty cute in an ugly sorta way. Like Gollum is actually pretty cute in a twisted way.
I think a lot of those comedians rely too much on shock/"offensive" humour that just unironically re-enforces a lot of pre-existing stigmas and biases. A lot of popular comedians make their living doing exactly this.
It's fine to prefer different hairstyles or whatever, it's not fine go to people and tell them you hate their hairstyle. Not everything is for you.
Mineta is supposed to be the creator's pervy self insert basically, which explains a ton of shit and is worrying considering all the characters are underage. The creator is a bit of a tosser and even though I like MHA generally, there's a lot wrong with it. Also I have been over "will they/won't they" plots since Friends.
My experience is mainly with Overwatch, hardly anyone speaks in the Europe servers but you still get the odd bastard now and again. American servers I almost always encounter someone slinging around slurs getting mad at people. I've also never really been into games like Battlefield, but I have been very much into cod blops, but only with the couch co-op multiplayer zombies mode. Never really liked the regular multiplayer, probably for most of the reasons you listed.
[For a brief moment in Spider-man \(2002\) the twin towers are reflected in spider-man's lenses](https://www.reddit.com/r/MovieDetails/comments/a4w4f3/for_a_brief_moment_in_spiderman_2002_the_twin/)
You're welcome, I'll be accepting my bribe now.
So Jimmy Saville is good now? He raised millions.
Jimmy Saville donated millions mate.
You mean a false equivalence. I'm not equating the two acts, even though Pewdiepie has done more than sling slurs about, he's also boosted a neo-Nazi, I'm saying giving money to charity doesn't absolve either of them, it's a PR move.
The intros and dialogue are actually pretty fun, at first, but then they get grating.
I don't really agree with this sentiment, I believe that there is the problem of apathy and misinformation, but you seem to be going to the extreme that if you participate in society, you also can't be working to improve it. I get that may not have been your point, but it comes off badly. For the record, I hate John Oliver.
Scamming rich people on the other hand, is very good. Sell em $1000 apps that do nothing other than display a gif of a spinning diamond
That thief is now living a luxury life after becoming the world's best birth control implanter.
I'm just saying scamming working class people is bad but scamming rich people is good. Maybe it was a bad example.
ublock origin does this already. I prefer having umatrix installed along side it though
It's the pulling of the skin that hurts. If you keep the skin taught then it doesn't hurt as much. Granted, this is extremely difficult to do on your balls.
Have you looked at the Logitech G13? Much better in my opinion, at least in terms of software (I enjoy LUA scripting)
I don't think there's any cryptocurrency right now that you can make a profit on mining any more.
Ah fair do's then, not much you can do about that. I went from a Nostromo to a G13 and it was the world of difference.
Have you heard of "punching down" and "punching up"?
Incinerator.
Real shame the documentary does him no justice whatsoever. They basically erase his entire sexuality, gloss over his death, and focuses on the rest of the members for half the movie.
There's better ways of getting an adrenaline rush, like jacking off while parachuting.
[Windows XD](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fanon/images/f/f8/Windows_xd_by_kaadrian.png/revision/latest?cb=20161219030537)
I looked into it a bit more and my info is apparently outdated from when Cohen left. Apparently they ended up changing it for the better, but still had some inaccuracies that played into some tropes, but I can't really comment on it.
That's not the point, the point is that if you erase a key element of his life for the benefit of making your film family friendly, you're doing him a disservice and erasing queer people from the public eye, further contributing to the stigma.
I went to cinema about 20 minutes late, still waited about 10 minutes before the adverts were over.
Most nuclear waste is only dangerous due to its radioactivity for 10s of years, though around 3% of waste is highly radioactive for much longer. Typically the danger drops off very fast, just because something is a little bit radioactive, doesn't mean it's actually dangerous. You're actually safer in certain parts of the pool that contains radioactive materials than you are out of it, since there's ambient radioactivity in the general atmosphere anyway, which is blocked by being in _any_ pool of water, (though you will likely be shot to death by guards before getting close to radioactive material). Additionally, nuclear energy produces drastically less waste than fossil fuels, and I mean drastically.
Only 3% of waste is actually radioactive for more than a couple decades. We are exposed to ambient radiation in the air too, so a lot of waste, while still radioactive, won't actually be at dangerous levels after long.
/r/wendigo ^^/s
they are really inferior, and don't really impact plastic waste at all. It's all a scam because huge unregulated industries are responsible for the actual impact of plastic waste. I think nearly half of all plastic waste is just fishing nets. There's also the issue of how banning plastic straws is really impactful to a lot of disabled people, of whom no alternative is viable, so they get further pushed from interacting with society by means of dehydration. So much stuff you can take for granted when you're abled. It's a shame more things aren't designed for everyone, including streets and architecture even. I could rant for hours, years even.
I mean the government are the ones who privatized everything and fucked everything up in the first place.
eh it looks fine
If we forgot our kit, we had to do it in our underwear.
at least you didn't end up in an uzumaki spiral situation.
that links wants me to solve a captcha to see an image.
cheers
nah people are just use these to re-enforce their biases. Even if you point out this is obviously fake they'll go "well from my experience there's real people who would sincerely say this" because their memory is full of parodies that they accepted as real. It's an ouroborous, a snake sucking on its own arsehole eating its own shit for eternity.
Thank you, really sucks people are upvoting the one that crops out the artist. People who crop out artist names/links/signatures are the worst.
Why do you think any of those factors make it not a case? Why does it matter that it was 20 years ago? Copyright lasts, at the absolute minimum, for the author's life + 25 years. Why on earth would getting paid invalidate copyright?
When you work for a company, you still have to explicitly give them permissions, usually laid out in the contract. Good contracts typically state that the creator of the content retains ownership, but grants permission to the employer for them to use/broadcast/whathaveyou.
If you make billions of dollars with stolen content, I'd want some of that if you stole my shit.
this but unironically.
Ah yes, because in Europe the n-word actually is just a type of way to cook toast and definitely not a slur because black people don't exist in Europe.
[A semi-alphabetical listing of Black actors with speaking roles on Friends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUc0vbSlanM)
yeah it fricken is, mate.
Looks like the blue guy's robot fingers are broken, the pinky just flops down
Just curious, please don't test this, but would that kevlar let you survive being shot from a bullet in theory? I know actual bullet proof vests have very high standards, for obvious reasons, but I wonder if Kevlar would improve your chances at all. I guess it might have more to do with the design of it, distributing impact over as much surface area as possible?
[You can't just have your characters announce how they feel!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFBhR4QcBtE)
They said they're republicans, multiple times, I don't see how there could possibly be any doubt whether they're republicans or not. https://www.dangerous.com/42908/trey-parker-matt-stone-come-republicans-room-full-hollywood-elites/ I've enjoyed South Park, but they've always sided more with the right, they like to pretend to be ultimate objective centrist, but they never have been.
Ah, I misread "They *might* be Republicans". Still, you're giving them and republicans way too much credit. The only difference between a republican and a "Trump Republican" is that the latter is slightly more open with their terribleness.
margarine is a margarine
This is true, it's a shame with how Reddit is set up that popular subs end up just becoming super generic since you get the top karma posters maximizing karma by crossposting gifs to every possible tangentially related subreddit. Usually there's a profit motive.
I mean I guess one of them eventually pulled it right.
Then put this in /r/aww or any number of happy dog subreddits. I just hate how this is becoming yet another generic subreddit where people just crosspost all their animal gifs.
/r/likeanimals
Elephants do not make art in independence at all, they're trained with some very barbaric methods to follow a set of instructions.
Is there a special glasses coating, or type of lense or anything that is fully capable of preventing fogging? I can't wear my glasses with my balaclava due to my breath fogging the lenses. I know there's all sorts of sprays which work for like 30 seconds apparently.
Yeah I've heard that as well, but I don't really thing it's a decent solution for a bunch of reason.
I literally fell asleep watching the last movie, it's not like I was that even tired, and I usually find it very hard to get to sleep. Never bothered rewatching it. If it was just one movie, maybe it would've been decent. There is no reason for it being 3 besides cash dollars money. I watched one of them in 48fps too, and boy did it look terrible. You can see the interpolation of the 3D animations, they didn't add any extra detail, just let the computer do the work without manual tweaking. They definitely should've relied a lot more on film tricks instead of CG which was dissapointing. The gold dragon looked particularly terrible imo.
at home with my parents and my farting dog.
There is probably an age where you're not very likely at all to understand what nostalgia feels like, though it's probably not 20. What age would you say? Maybe like 14? A 14 year old could maybe be nostalgic about being 8. I don't think an 8 year old could feel nostalgic.
You can use that money to affect the world at a large, and perhaps shift society away from it's trajectory from total destruction from unregulated industries destroying the planet and the people.
I have a bat that runs on startup that deletes a lot of crap like that, after effects cache is a big offender.
I think it would almost definitely be one million percent more obvious in real life, where you can move your perspective at all, and you have two eyes.
But in real life, you're not confined to one angle, and seeing flat objects is actually really easy, compared to judging from a 2D photo.
This looks more like a trick from the photo. In a photo you can't use your other eye to sense depth and you can't move your head around. The latter is the main tool for sensing depth and would make it *incredibly* obvious that they're flat and cardboard.
It's more obvious full size, and also in real life you can differentiate flat cardboard from plastic dolls very easily; I don't know why people aren't clicking onto that fact. You can move your head around irl, and you can use two eyes for depth! This is just a perspective trick that only works when you take a photo from a certain angle.
Was looking for demos of this but found it hard to find videos with the TV on. [Here it is high res but shakey cam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OawydMki4Wk) [Here it is low res, but with a stable camera.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0E6QgPpiKPQ) Looks like it had really low contrast, the ad is very misleading in that regard. Still, pretty neat, and probably very cool for it's time. Guinness World Records had it as the world's smallest TV when it came out.
For me, I'm a peggle only sorta person[.](https://i.imgur.com/OwgF3bD.jpg)
asshole design is for intentionally maliciously designed stuff, usually to mislead you or otherwise fuck you over on purpose for the benefit of the company.
I work with a lot of 3D/2D CGI stuff, so maybe I've learnt to differentiate things better based on lighting and stuff. It seems obvious to me but I can't speak for everyone. One thing I would stick to though, I think it's very obvious in a physical store, if nothing else. There's no way you can confuse a cutout with a 3D doll in real life when you're close enough to pick it up. I know sometimes they have cutouts of police officers in shop windows to give people a bit of a spook, but you realize it's just a cutout pretty quickly. Makes me wonder how effective those police cutouts are.
Oh cool, learnt a new word today. That makes sense in retrospect.
Can confirm, wish my parents would've disrespected my privacy when I was at home, then maybe I wouldn't have been murdered after killing a bunch of nazis with a robot gun.
Weird, yeah I have the latest DS4Windows from ryochan7. I tried a completely fresh installation of the latest CEMU, took a while, but had the same problem. They work very intermittently, so I know something is going through, and padtest is showing the orientation fine, so I don't know what's going on.
they can record a 4k 60fps and upload it to youtube but fuck up the audio channels so you can only hear through one ear. Tinnitus simulator.
I've heard, and this might be just complete bullshit because I'm pretty sure it was from a Reddit comment, that with cockatoos you gotta destroy their old cage so that they accept their new cage or something?
Reminds me of the episode of [Nathan For You](http://www.comedycentral.com.au/nathan-for-you/videos/401-the-richards-tip) where he gets a Kramer impersonator to fake a tip of 10 grand to PR boost a restaurant.
Drop off at a neighbour, or at the very least, hidden in a secure location (usually in a bin)
that's a bit easier to do now. Instead of making chocolate more expensive for inflation, they just sell you less chocolate, so there's more air between the segments now.
I want to end world hunger.
If you search for the text on twitter you can see it's some alt-right dude "parodying" progressives, who retweets "groypers" and shit, and has a youtube channel full of alt-right shit.
It's very much fake, this sub is just a karma farm for people posting satire accounts as fact. Anyone can confirm this by searching for the twitter text and finding the parody account themselves.
I would think animals are usually better at being friends than they are at being people.
There is nothing linking these two pictures together, the only two games in both pictures is God of War and Spider hyphen man. You're making a massive leap, much like one of Spider-man's powers.
[Oh. Oxygen.](https://morbotron.com/video/S02E16/DThJs9pu7A3bJOXQHTBYZH8mrzI=.gif)
Pigs are much more suited to being pets than monkeys. Pigs are basically big dogs, monkeys will tear your face off and eat it, and probably bystander's faces too.
I think the bigger issue is that "rich people crimes" tend to carry more lenient punishments, like you said, but "poor people crimes" usually have a much bigger impact. Cocaine is less punished than crack cocaine, shoplifting bread can be worse than embezzlement, etc.
Because this is a circlejerk sub now.
How humerus.
Please skip all your replies.
You might be thinking of Minoxidil, Finesteride prevents two specific male hormones that lead to premature balding. It's note 100% effective mind, it's mostly preventative, but can restore some hair if your follicles haven't been too damaged, and some people are effected by side effects.
How is the juxtaposition of a digital screen showing a clear sunrise and the very visible smog surrounding it, "fake"? It's the contrast of those two visual elements that make the juxtaposition.
Video was taken three minutes before [the final essay is due](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/spongebob/images/e/e3/The_spongebob.jpg).
whats updog?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses
A big issue is making sure everyone can read it, there's few fonts that are compatible on most devices. It's a bit different if it's a printed thing though. That said, it really isn't that bad.
Sounds like a really shitty landlord fucking over a poor person, over a minor issue, with no remorse. You put out more pain into the world than you do joy.
Your gender is valid regardless of if you pass, if you don't present currently for any reason, or how conservative people treat you.
I think the first thing you can do is find good people who accept you for who you are that you can be comfortable with. This can be tricky, and demotivating at times, but it's a really important step.
Sounds like a bunch of cunts wanking each of over fucking over a poor person. Fuck you.
That is perfectly normal social anxiety, you gotta deal with it at some point, and it is actually a lot easier than you'd expect, though it might still require a bit of work. I've had a lot of friends I don't talk to for years but then start up a convo again, I think that's a lot more common when you start to get into your late 20's maybe. What I find help me, personally, is discord communities, especially ones with voice chat, or like watching movies together on rabbit and talking over them, even without voice chat. I have one main discord I hang around most in, and then a whole bunch of others I bounce around. Some are trans only discords, some are just completely unrelated gaming or comedy or whatever discords.
Your name wasn't showing up green for me, didn't realize you were a mod. I hope you can ban CPGB-ML apologists then, to protect other trans people like me. These people have no place here.
&gt; foregoing that small issue, I mean sure if you ignore the most glaring flaw of this, it's full proof.
Incels DESTROY dog with pure LOGIC
You're talking to me fine, you don't have to use voice chat, I keep in touch with plenty of people with only text, and watch movies and shows together with them, because they don't like using their voice either. One thing I like about discord, it's basically like IRC, you can drop in and drop out of conversations whenever you want, there's not a lot of pressure on you. It's a great tool to work up your nerve and becoming more comfortable around other people. I think you're putting way too much weight on it, you can just find some discord of people connected to your interests or identity, hang out for a bit, and go do something else when it's too much. As long as you keep momentum building, you'll be okay, but that doesn't mean if you don't do much for a couple days you've failed, you just need to keep the larger trend aiming towards improving yourself. I take plenty of time off for myself to relax without having to worry about other people, but I still always go back to see how they're doing and talk about stuff.
he was 100% not a good man. There is no doubt he was a fucking Nazi.
Best case scenario, OP is a Nazi who was posting their own collection, as some people had theorized. Either way, lots of shitty Nazism going on.
at some point, ignorance might as well be the same thing as malice.
looks like a literal fly to me, I hate them.
[NOOT NOOT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4VvRWTD3Ok)
We had unmarked cars come in the park while we were drinking as teens in the UK, so I'm not sure that's true. They were still super obvious about it like.
We had unmarked cars come in the park while we were drinking as teens in the UK, so I'm not sure that's true. They were still super obvious about it like.
We had unmarked cars come in the park while we were drinking as teens in the UK, so I'm not sure that's true. They were still super obvious about it like.
We had unmarked cars come in the park while we were drinking as teens in the UK, so I'm not sure that's true. They were still super obvious about it like.
We had unmarked cars come in the park while we were drinking as teens in the UK, so I'm not sure that's true. They were still super obvious about it like.
sex is also a human construct, it's a collection of variables with arbitrary grouping, which is fine, but I sorta wish people would stop seeing it as some objective thing that's always been the case, rather than a shortcut humans invented to group people, which can be necessary. Maybe it's just a bit of my pedantry, but I think people should know science is mutable and is by no means finished. It's a subjective and highly political field.
this is stealing, plain and simple. Whether or not he credits the author does not enter into it.
George Washington had slaves. It's not just that presidents were people, they were all specifically bad people, because the systems that elects them are designed specifically so only rich people have the opportunity to become president.
I think jizzing in your food is pretty weird. Like I could understand putting hot spicy peppers in, or even pissing on it or something, but I'm just imagining you furiously jacking off over a lasagna or whatever screaming garfield as you staring directly into it.
owned by [rich people, wealthy from theft](http://www.tcworkerscenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Wage-Theft-vs-Other-Theft-1024x730.jpg).
You seem to be under the impression that both sides are equal, and one doesn't have a massive power over the other that it exploits constantly to drain wealth away from the poorest people.
[And here's where I keep assorted lengths of wire.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7jbtIbZKwQ)
On my note 8 I've remapped the bixby button to lock/unlock the orientation, it's super convenient if you can do it.
What does going vigilante on them solve? You're missing the point.
[You can tell by the pixels.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/024/183/500pxShopped.jpg?1318992465) ^^\(I ^^know ^^its ^^a ^^skit)
I have no idea what this is referencing but it gave me a solid sensible chuckle.
I'm pretty sure that's just some dude reposting someone else's funny joke as their own.
I'm a professional, I work with high end VFX, compositing and 3D rendering. Macs are useless for my workflow, and I can get a much better industry-standard monitor stand for $200.
The little misunderstanding about me talking about a stand not withstanding, didn't you literally just use movie professionals as an example for who Apple is targetting?
Didn't mention a monitor.
Makes you wonder why they're selling it on it's own. Also I buy plenty of stands on their own, most monitors have a standard VESA mount and will plug quite nicely into an Ergotron desk mounted arm which is so much nicer to use than the Apple stand. If Apple doesn't have a VESA mount, then it's just another unnecessary propriety mount that forces you to overpay them and only them. Heck, you could commission someone to make a vesa mount adapter and get a top of the line monitor arm for less than the price of a crappy Apple stand.
[Well...](https://i.imgur.com/eU35UA0.png)
sounds like you're the one being pissy here.
eels look so much cuter and less disturbing when they're not dehydrated and decapitated.
How the hell is this remotely crappy design?
Sometimes donald duck wears a towel after coming out the shower which only raises further questions about why he's trouserless most of the time
At first I thought this was footage of animators getting reference. It's definitely not too dissimilar.
I'm being paid by George Soros to make people dislike Boogie1488. I'm also an advanced AI created specifically to tarnish the good name of Boogie The Gamer™.
The straight pride organisers are literally a bunch of proud boys nazis and white supremacists rebranding themselves.
I'd be interested to see if you have any behind the scenes stuff with how you did that. Is 3D involved or is it 2D transforms and the shine on the door just from blending stuff smartly?
disappointed that "cowboy" refers to a brand and not a cool cowboy who's into e-bikes.
this but unironically.
you're probably going to get into trouble down the line, since a lot of low paid graphic designers just steal stuff because they're not being paid enough to actually spend time designing something cool.
It's making fun of Nazis who say that black people having children is "white genocide" You're a fool or not arguing in good faith if you think a white person making fun of Nazis is "racism"
maybe it's bullshit to an idiot.
Yes. There's plenty of people here arguing in bad faith.
It's almost like if you change the words of a sentence it also changes the meaning and context.
oof, god I would hate that anxiety of not moving, especially as I am incredibly fidgety.
People often say "fetish" when they mean "kink". A fetish is basically something you can't live without, and I don't think you're in any danger of that happening. You're brain isn't as simple as you think it is. You're not gonna go in heat when you hear your grandma speak Spanish or whatever you're worried about.
I'm pretty sure it's the thing that Hatsune Miku spins round when she does polka.
I mean a lot of those are bad or fitting more to /r/ABoringDystopia
pretty sure I heard that porn with miners is illegal.
It constantly toggles back on for me.
ya
you have full access to google.
its what transphobes call themselves. It's like how racists call themselves "race realists"
I think what he did was good but I still felt that sort of second-hand social anxiety I get when watching Nathan For You.
ACAB.
Lots of disabilities are invisible, and people can technically walk for a short time but it causes them incredible pain that persists for hours to days.
This is some next level boot-licking shit.
I'm guessing the FOV does a little increase for a second when you fire to simulate the recoil, but something stopped it from ending so it just keeps increasing forever instead of stopping and reversing.
the moral is ACAB.
Children pee in bathrooms you know, and according to [this](https://kotaku.com/dr-disrespect-streams-inside-an-e3-bathroom-gets-banne-1835428982) there was at least one kid in there. Not that it really matters regardless because you shouldn't be filming inside a bathroom full stop. People don't want to be filmed when they pee regardless their age, it's just more fucked up when there's a kid in there.
im not even american
there's a very clear answer: ban homophobes and harassers like every other online website since the start of the internet.
Youtube said it was specifically hurtful, and their rules says that's against TOS. That's objective fact, there's no grey area there.
You can use a smartphone but be aware of what data it has access to, and making sure it doesn't record anything you dont want it to. It's one thing to say you shouldn't bring your phone into a classified area and it's another thing to say you shouldn't ever use a smartphone if you care about privacy. The latter is a rather pointless statement imo.
yeah how many of those jobs it created and then hired cartels to kill unionizing employees.
when was the last time that happened
I feel like specifically internet groups put way too much emphasis on an introverted/extroverted dichotomy, as well as dumb shit like personality tests and types and all that shit. Nothing is so simple, we all have desires to be socially connected and we all have different tolerances for everything. Social anxiety isn't unique to an arbitrary group of people called "introverts" with some random generic traits defining who they are.
This seems really cool.
It was founded by a guy called Jeff Gord who died in 2013 unfortunately.
you can see it's green at the start of the video. Did you miss that?
The light was green but go off on the fucking cyclist getting hit by a death machine who wasn't paying attention to the road.
Would you be able to get laser hair removal or something like that?
/r/asablackman
fuck off yourself. You're either a transphobe or you're just spouting your dumbass internalized transphobia.
Also he put them back after making the video which is good imo /uj
saying trans people shouldn't be in video games in some dumb bullshit you're trying to justify here. Other trans people calling you out on dumb bullshit isn't the same as a trope of a black man being subverient to white people. You are on too many layers of bullshit and bad faith arguments here. Your posting history is just full of you trying to [serve The_donald](https://masstagger.com/user/CACTUSKEEPER2000) people and reenforce shitty ideas about trans people.
You support a president who has concentration camps that kill trans women, who banned trans people from the army and who is pushing to allow medical providers to not give life-saving standard medical treatment to people based on if they're trans or not. "Self hating" is the best thing I can say about you. wake up sheeple!!!
Why should a doctor be allowed to refuse to operate on a person who's dying of a heart attack because they're trans? Do you think they should be allowed to let a person die because they're black or gay?
You think any business should have the right to deny people service based on race, gender or sexuality?
So you think not treating a person's broken leg because they're trans or gay or black is fine if it's because their religion? Or is it specifically trans people you're ok with discriminating against?
feet is like the most common fetish.
people write about their experiences.
Does this mean you'll age unnaturally fast relative to everyone else?
Looks like a place that's just gotten dial up and definitely has no phone or data signal.
phew
im in england, have been my whole life, and I'm speaking directly from my experiences of knowing people in villages who only recently got the internet and going to villages with mostly no signal.
Ah yeah, I think most of South England has better internet than up North.
What a non-answer. "I wanted to repost this for karma"
A nazi forum basically smeared them to death. Maybe they're bad but maybe they're not, but the only evidence comes from a nazi forum dedicated to trying to get trans and disabled people to kill themselves.
double edged safety razors are so cheap and sustainable, everyone should be using them probably.
Heaven forbid anyone ever talk sometimes about something that helps them in hopes that it helps someone else.
All you need is a safety razor, some blades, a brush and lube. Get a decent razor with a bit of weight. They're not super different, £30ish is fine. You can easily buy more than a lifetime supply of razor blades for very cheap, though I'd advise experimenting with a few brands, the sharper the better usually, so like ruby/platinum stuff. Lube was a bit tongue in cheek, but I have these Arko shaving sticks that I have not even gotten half way through one after years. I just rub the brush on the end a bit while under a running tap to generate a bunch of foam. I think you're supposed to rub in on your face then use a wet brush to foam it up, but I think the hard water we have in our taps here messes with that a bit. There's plenty of subreddits and resources on-line to find more specific information. You really don't need to spend much at all, my mum super-glued a cheap brush back together I got years ago and it's still doing great. I don't do any subscription boxes or anything like that, seems like a scam when everything is so cheap anyway.
Source: [K.C. Green, Gunshow comics.](http://gunshowcomic.com/513) Alt text: &gt;!Hey, this isn't a screaming robot! It's a man in a screaming robot outfit!!&lt;
when digital painting it's super common to have a shortcut to flip the canvas horizontally that you press every now and again.
If you don't want to talk to people, here's a tip: don't.
Op could've easily killed people by intentionally causing a collision. That's hands down the most dangerous move anyone in the scenario made.
I'm trans but don't go out often as femme, but when I'm do I get unwanted attention from guys. One time a guy just started kissing my neck without asking it was insanely awkward, but kinda eye opening that this is a normal thing that half the population never has to deal with usually.
He did barely anything on the actual game, he stole the premise from another indie developer, and he got other devs to do the bulk of the work on Minecraft. He's just a grifter who got lucky.
maybe I'm reading your post wrong, but are you saying it's useless to criticise the male gaze problem because there are other problems with the character?
hmm you criticise society yet you participate in it????
Women can be sexy but not designed to appeal solely to the male gaze. Like there's nothing wrong if a character in a tv show has big boobs, but if all the women characters have the same big boobs then you might think a guy with a big boob fetish cast the show. This is more exploring the subtle differences. It's not saying there's a massive difference between them or that the one on the right has no problems or is completely different or anything, just that the posters find some elements better than the suicide squad version.
[hell yea](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A)
&gt; drooling imbecile did a victorian get the internet to insult me? Notch hired other programmers early on and the contribution they made really made a very obvious noticeable difference. Notch was doing nothing, it was better programmers who made the game good.
It's very obvious to everyone that you are the only one here who needs to cool their tits.
I don't know why it still doesn't have the immediate stink of "race realist" to *everyone*
If only twitter really did have a good well-enforced policy of banning racists.
Jordan Peterson fan: Did you even watch/listen to five minutes of the 3 hour "Frozen is turning our kids gay" video or are you not even bothering?
oney sent his legion of chuds to harass a trans woman for saying she doesn't sympathize with pewdiepie's holiday home in Japan getting robbed and now they're pretending the harassment is "wholesome". I've had oney shitheads flooding my notifications and even using alt accounts to keep sending me bullshit after I've blocked them.
He knows how his followers react to what he posts, he's known for years. He's a bully and his toxic followers are his weapon, they've been flooding my notifications for days now, making new accounts to bother everyone after they've blocked them. Oney's not an idiot.
do you understand the difference between someone with a couple hundred followers saying someone is bad and someone with hundreds of thousands of fans highlighting their tweet?
FMA aside, it would be pretty great if they made it canon that he lost his arm and leg in something completely unrelated to explosions. Maybe like a comic where he keeps having near misses, then he sees a fancy robot peg leg and arm in a windows and says "neat"
You can address criticism without painting a target on your critic's backs. If you have that big of a platform you have a moral obligation to, at the very least, black out all the identifying information of them. You don't even need to bring up specific tweets, you can address their points without putting them at risk of your giant mob. You're stretching for some wild free-speech bullshit. The fact is she did the most harmful thing again, when there's plenty of ways to safely address the points without hurting people. You're also making some fucking buck-wild strawmen arguments up to justify hurting her critics.
ok pervert.
Why are you conflating everyone she hurt with one poster saying "contrapoints is a kapo who deserves to be backhanded"? I'm not talking about that, why are you twisting things to make it sound like I am? If she addresses criticism without putting specific people on blast in another part of her video, that only shows she's fully capable of not putting people on blast, that doesn't erase the fact that she put people on blast in the other parts of her video! You're basically arguing that the only person who should have the power to send dog piles on people are people like contra.
Jordan Peterson fan: Did you even fully watch the full 2 hour video on why Frozen is turning kids gay? A normal human being: no. Jordan Peterson fan: Ouch! That’s not a good look.
Someone who doesn't hate-watch 2 hours of content by someone who keeps saying stuff that hurts them.
Contrapoints mods always say they will ban truscum bullshit yet funnily enough they never do, and allow posts glorifying Buck Angel and truscum bullshit. When you call them on it they're just like "wuh, huh, where??" and then ban you.
&gt; However, I am also aware that this is an issue that affects a comparatively much smaller segment of people than the larger "battlefield" Don't throw queer people under the bus. It's not going to get you anywhere and is just going to hurt us all in the end.
It's not harassment to say you don't like something. Most of those tweets weren't directed at Natalie, they were talking to their own followers. Natalie had to go out of her way to search for those herself.
Keep inventing fan-fiction.
[You're literally a gamergater.](http://removeddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/cxzh5a/whats_going_on_with_alec_holowka/eyq2ru5/)
maybe stop saying shit like "Ideological purity" when you're talking about supporting non-binary people.
Biden is just as bad as Trump so this comparison does not work in your favour. He's a senile republican in all but name. Bernie voters overwhelmingly voted for Hilary as a last resort, so maybe don't blame them for the situation we're in now, which was a direct result of Hilary's pied piper bullshit.
ok stalker.
I'm trans you dickhead, I haven't said shit to contra, yet you're going through my posts and being a fucking weirdo.
How about [here](https://i.imgur.com/bfnBZsG.png) where a rabid contra fan (you) said you were gathering data about my behaviour by looking through my account history?
Privilege is relative. Gay people will face struggles that straight black people don't face, and vice versa. I guess your question is, does nuance exist? And I guess the answer is yes? There are different levels of everything.
I feel like a lot of this stuff is much more overt when you first get "woke", and I don't think it ever goes away, and you shouldn't ever get comfortable with it, but I think I've learned how to enjoy films despite their problematic elements. That said, I still prefer media which is less problematic, and I usually find those films and shows to actually be interesting and say something new, usually because the makers are not the same terrible people who share the same ideas, it's people who don't normally get a voice in media. It's ok to like media and be aware of its flaws, but it's not a requirement. Imagine if this wasn't a feminist issue, but say you were only into comedy movies, and he was only into action movies. It'd be incredibly selfish of him to only ever watch action movies with you.
Ha, [this zip gun](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/Zip_Gun.jpg) with "desert eagle" scribbled on the sign.
He's mad horny is who he is.
META comment here, remember to upvote arseholes! That's the point of this subreddit. Downvoting isn't going to help anyone, and certainly won't bring you any retribution or punishment of an arsehole, or whatever you're hoping to accomplish. Make sure to upvote arseholes. That said, YTA x 100000000. There's zero question, and I think everyone can agree on that.
Don't worry, it's the present.
That's pretty cool, they're definitely only going to be showing the best of what it's capable of, I'm sure it's going to look weird sometimes, still very cool. Enhancing moving images is a bit different to still images though, unless I missed a bit where they showed off a motion bit, it's hard to maintain a consistency from frame to frame, so that's an additional challenge. Still, it takes about 4 seconds per frame on that video to scale by 8 times, so whatever Samsung has will be substantially worse results than what you see in that video by neccessity. I reckon it'll probably turn into a motion smoothing sort of thing, where some people absolutely hate it, because they see it in the uncanny valley, and some people love it.
I think Amazon went in a much better direction. I tried to read the comics after watching the show and it was just way too much edginess for the sake of being edgy. You can do edginess, grossness, and all that well, but the comics just does it very poorly, and for no reason or benefit to the story.
I'm talking about the video you showed me and pointing out the difficulties and issues with that one specifically, I'm not saying temporal consistency doesn't exist anywhere, I follow a lot of people who experiment with neural networks and they do some really cool motion stuff. Now you're just being rude.
https://twitter.com/hgmorbi/status/1072828747315695616
mario for pokemon
you can blame @n0rthwestfresh on twitter for directing literal nazis to this subreddit because she wanted to make fun of someone eating salt and vinegar crisps, or at least that was her excuse to make it sound like she wasn't punching down.
if you want to use the same methods of determining the amount of people communism has killed as "the little black book of communism" does, then capitalism has killed exponentially more people.
Typically communism and socialism fails because the US forms a coup and replaces any mildly successful leader with a capitalist one.
45000 deaths per year from lack of health insurance. Every other first world country with socialized medicine does not have this. You benefit right now from socialized fire fighters, do you think it would be a better distribution system if you had to pay them thousands of dollars to put out fires on your property? 3000 people died in 9/11, for reference. Productivity keeps rising but the only people who benefit are the 1% wealthiest individuals, everyone else takes a pay cut and they keep having to settle for worse working conditions.
Oh I heard about this on a podcast. They're essentially funded by saudi arabian oil money to make a really shitty startup that ends up fucking over everyone who uses it but it somehow helps rich people move their money around.
damn, I concede, ye have bested me at reddit debate
put a bit of masking tape on it and write "DO NOT SWITCH". If anyone ever asks you about it, just change the subject immediately, or get real firm and just say "don't touch that switch!"
if you are attracted specifically to loli porn, loli being the japanese word for child, then you are already literally a pedophile. You are sexually aroused by children, that's the literal definition of paedophilia.
a billion nuclear bombs go off and everyone is dead, and thus, can't try to turn any more posts into apocalyptic scenarios.
It's not a preference if you are attracted to them before you discovered their medical history.
You words encourage action that does nothing but makes people feel like they do nothing. Bigbybrimble's words encourage people to work towards *actual change* instead of lying to ourselves. Better things are possible, and you're helping no one by pretending like our only option is rolling over and dying.
why use imgbox? It gave me an interstitial ad.
you should probably call your mum more.
He also hates poor people.
45000 people die every year from lack of affordable access to healthcare. 2977 people died from the 9/11 attacks. Now please understand why people get upset when people funded by billionaires suggest we should settle with half-measures for healthcare.
Not good enough. This is literally the centrist hyperbole people use: The Right: 45,000 people should die every year Leftists: No one should die Centrists: Let's compromise and only kill 22,500 a year. There's no benefit to sacrificing those peoples lives, except for the pocket books of health insurance CEOs. They are not necessary deaths.
he worked for a company that fixed the price of bread to get more money from poor people who need to buy food to live.
garfield's eyes looks too much like titties so that gets flagged pretty quick.
Hey man, that's enough time to jack off a couple times.
The most mindblowing thing for me was that intersex conditions, *that we know about*, are as common as being born ginger. So that's the absolute minimum, but it's likely larger since there are plenty of invisible intersex conditions, and we don't regularly test the population's chromosomes.
Found KB's sockpuppet.
Those shitty statues were mass produced and targetted black communities. They're not historical, they're propaganda.
I would simply not get hit by a car.
you people love negative space
I'd just mount it anyway if you're staying their for a while, then re-plaster it when you leave. Fuck your landlord.
only cis people think it's reasonable to argue if trans people should be allowed to exist in society. You can make up as much fake bullshit as you want to introduce "reasonable concerns" of trans people existing.
&gt; hysterical Love to be an /r/conservative user using sexist words to talk down to trans people in the chapo subreddit. This sport shit is just the latest way cis people can argue that trans people shouldn't be allowed to participate in yet another part of society. I can't even go fucking swimming because of you dicks.
cis people have the fucking lowest bars in the world.
You know nothing about biology, stop pretending like you do. You have a vague sense of what makes people strong based on consistent propaganda from transphobic right wing think tanks and South Park, which has to find new ways to be transphobic now that less people will accept them comparing being trans to wanting to be a dolphin. Your posts in conservative are you just calling people retarded and being an ablist dick. You're no different to them.
People worship God in a lot of different ways, I think I finally reconciled my views on religious people in that I can only be friends with you if you don't think I'm going to hell. If you think I'm going to hell or purgatory or whatever, you either believe in an unjust god, or you believe I deserve it. Either way, you can fuck off imo.
People suck in here too.
This is why we need nuclear energy.
He got a homeless trans woman suspended from twitter after she gathered info suggesting he started dating his wife when she was 17.
It's a rubber bullet, why would there be metal?
oh my god I'm an idiot, lol. I get it now, cheers.
this is like seconds before they started ranting about koreans on rooftops.
as opposed to the 50,000 "this cop kneeled with protestors" copoganda posts that leave out the fact the same cops started tear gassing the people they knelt with?
they aren't "less than lethal" they're "less lethal". Rubber bullets are still potentially lethal and often aimed directly at eyes as a scare tactic against reporters. Same shit in Israel.
&gt; needs to be investigated. By who? The police? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE9tN-mmDYw
ah yes, the people who killed MLK. Or, at the very least, tried to [encourage him to kill himself](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBI%E2%80%93King_suicide_letter).
NSFW: https://i.imgur.com/jZhoVll.png Yep. You're supposed to bounce them off the floor, but cops are aiming directly at heads.
this is just a PR stunt, the same cops were indiscriminately firing tear gas at protestors a couple hours later.
"well meaning" the motive is purely PR.
the black screens are a PR grab devised from a record executive, it's actually harmful because people are flooding hashtags and making it harder to access relevant and vital information about the protests. Blacking out social media is the exact opposite we want to do, now more than ever it's important for everyone to open their eyes and ears and pay attention.
He's verifiably not a scientist. He pays people to make things, and he breaks their unions, and forces them to work in unsafe conditions for all sorts of bad reasons, like he thinks grey looks better than yellow caution tape. He is a spoiled child who has riches from a emerald mine he uses for PR.
Bystander effect is based on an anecdote that uses falsified police reports to justify police not arriving in time.
it's ironic I thought the screwdrivers in the thumbnail were drug-needles.
I think being a cop can definitely make it harder for their spouses to leave, that cop knows every other cop and can make your life very difficult if you cross him.
lying about what's in your food is like the number one thing everyone can agree on being illegal. I think even most libertarians can agree that it's bad to lie about what's in the food you're selling people.
She was doing a parody of an old vine where someone says "so no head?" and slams the phone into the ground.
CRTs were still common for years, early flat screens looked pretty terrible.
no, you're stuck in a coma. wake up ass-dick, you're wanted in the real world, mcdonalds has enslaved humanity.
a good goat whom I have to remember not to talk down to.
Is there a version of this that works on curved services like the photo in the OP?
they give bad bruises if you aim them off the ground like intended, not aim them directly at the head.
I often read stuff and see it tweeted out later by someone else. In this scenario, even though I have read it, people would think I haven't, and I'd be unaware to why.
that section is from earlier when his car was stationary. You're confused by the cut. This video doesn't really belong here because it doesn't show him doing anything that would lead to this.
That's what made me think she merely mistyped.
we've really downgraded from the lesser of two evils to the lesser of two child rapists huh.
https://www.adl.org/education/references/hate-symbols/88
&gt; i may not fully agree with LGBT fuck off. I'm guessing from your posting history you're just some trump troll pretending to be muslim to drum up hate.
transtrending is a terf rhetoric that some trans people have, unfortunately, internalized. Not all trans people are the same and have the same path, it's perfectly fine if your story isn't the exact same as the stereotypical trans story told by cis people.
&gt; And Hillenburg didnt create the show for LGBT people when it first came out in 1999, he made it for kids and adults alike! For everyone! lgbt people are parts of kids and adults you know, they're part of everyone too.
lgbt people have literally existed since the dawn of humanity.
You can't just not agree with the existence of LGBT people you giant prick. This opinion of yours is one I won't tolerate: &gt; Being homosexual is 100% a choice. You don’t hear paedophiles claiming that they were born attracted to kids or bestiality weirdos claiming that their pet cat wanted their pp. &gt; &gt; You don’t get to claim you’re gay because you can understand a male model is more attractive than some fat woman. The problem is that homosexuals don’t understand that their inability to reproduce invalidates their sexuality. &gt; &gt; Edit: And before the mods cry that i’m being hateful , how else am I supposed to argue this? https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/h9hfox/workers_cant_be_fired_for_being_gay_or/fux4y6j/ even /r/conservative won't tolerate your overt bigotry.
I don't like mint ice cream, and I don't need to, just like I don't have need to like you or your pathetic bigotry.
now you're just making up bullshit to pathetically try to justify a cop beating the shit out of a child he was harassing for no reason.
werent you posting [nazi propoganda shit the other day](https://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/gw7e63/being_racist/fstij43/)? Are you trying to infiltrate this sub you little nazi? edit: [lol](https://i.imgur.com/AR6hYaw.png)
someone stole someone's skit and edited to be bad and plastered their watermark over it.
Narcan is a medication that blocks the effects of opiods. You're thinking of Narconon
Body cameras don't reduce violence. Police need to be de-armed and de-funded, if not outright abolished.
Keep it uninstalled this time.
wow that's impressive, normally I have to sit down before I can do any drawing.
Looks like it was just to cover their arse. Apparently it was written by a "*Naturopathic* Physician"
They oppose BLM because they hate black people, not because their fans hate black people, they went after the audience who hates black people after they started hating black people.
Absolutely not. They've been slinging the n-word around for decades and nothing happens to them. They're very overtly transphobic, homophobic and racist. If you haven't noticed, then you're not paying attention.
&gt; Tories actually have an ideology and are consistent That ideology is "kill the poors so we can have more money", which is very similar to Republicans. You're massively washing away their sins.
You mean like when Lord Dixon-Smith said "n*gger in the woodpile"? A metaphor that both incorporates a overt, obvious slur, and makes direct reference to escaped slaves? “Now we get to the real n*gger in the woodpile, which is in two years what happens if there is no deal.” from Anne Marie Morris. Boris Johnson describing African people as having "watermelon smiles" or when he said "piccaninnies" or gay people as "tank-topped bumboys"? Anti Semitism in Labour is far below other parties, and far below the general population, but is used as a false equivalence of the far above average horrific and overt homophobia, racism, and transphobia of the conservative party. It is not equivalent, all parties have their bad parts but some are worse than others, very obviously so. All parties need to work to improve, but some parties, especially the conservative party, have **FAR** more to improve on then you're pretending they do.
this is the fucking n-word you're trying to justify here, get a grip.
but how to they cut the blades that are cutting the gears?
I have more sexual thoughts when im horny.
Yeah that's my joke. It's a serious issue that I was comparing to this relatively juvenile one. The English basically destroyed the Irish language incredibly violently.
oh whoops lol, you're 100% right. I think I have an issue with like dictating to myself in my head when I'm writing things, or something.
I mean doing instant bans could very well be much worse.
legality isn't the same as morality. The law exists to protect property, not people.
kingdom hearts must just be impossible to spoil because I have never known what the fuck
there's a big issue with white cis gays being racist and transphobic to people too.
holy shit
