[Mirror](https://www.youpak.com/watch?v=O7VaXlMvAvk)
*The Spirit of America*
I knew it was Massachusetts from the plates actually.
No but you can start a company and get the proper permits to become your own advertiser and have the city assign to you spots that don't have billboards... We need more trees though :/
They could do that with the tons of fuel they have. Really? This is the first time I hear that this is a criteria for seat selection. What if you are on one of those airlines where you go to choose your seat? Or those unnumbered ones?
Don't do it as you will regret it.
It's not about the artwork, it has to do with the spiritual consequences that will translate into social issues. I hope you can change your mind about this before it's too late. Maybe go to a tattoo removal place and chat with people and see what they had to go through.
Reminds me of how they killed [Muhammad Dura](https://youtu.be/Ss_w11SUfhY) as they got caught in the crossfire. Despite the father signaling to them that they were there, they took it as an opportunity to shoot them and make it look like it was an accident. The father took half a dozen bullets in his arm but they weren't enough to save his son who was killed on his lap.
The law for Christians and Jews in case of adultery is the same.
Yes, they are known as Ashkenazi. But yes, their nation was called Khazaria which is modern day Iran.
If *moroccon* didn't give it off, don't know what will.
*Astaghfir Allah*
Deflection. *Hey look, there's this issue here, and this other one there!*
And that's definitely not true. You don't need their OK.
I think they need a brighter sign with a color other than white (red or range) that flashes rapidly and says "NO TRUCKS UNDER THIS BRIDGE".
Testing IT security infrastructure is done both on the physical level and virtual/application level.
Yes but also mass. Spacetime is affected by both gravity and mass.
1. Fes, Marrakesh and Chefchaouen. Definitely. 2. Actually, you should avoid secluded places, not crowded places. But it's not scary for tourists by any means. 3. Buy a SIM card when you land. I think a week of internet and calls costs around 50 dhs (about $5.36) with enough local and sometimes even international calls. 4. Go on couchsurfing and see if someone can show you around. Just tell them you're not looking for a host, just someone to guide you around. Watch out for people trying to sell you things on couchsurfing or others who don't have references. I heard that some people would take you to shops and collect commission but most people on that site are genuine friends. I hope this helps.
I was able to link a Moroccan master card with Paypal actually.
They should update the wiki.
The way you worded that made me think that I should yield to left-turning vehicles but I understood better reading /u/ilikepamela's comment down the thread explaining how it's similar to a green arrow.
You're right, it's a curse. r/nofap knows more about the subject. I'm glad your grandma was blunt enough to warn you about it.
Pay tuition and a half, get paid one salary. There's a little imbalance between input and output.
Where did they go?
Solid advice in that last paragraph.
Ashford Meadows, 2551 Cornelia Rd, Herndon, VA 20171, USA
It depends on what your ideas are, you will probably find someone willing to work with you. Also it's unusual to do what you are suggesting, trees are typically planted by the local government and not by private investors. I see that you are open to many things but I would suggest to focus on one single thing that you are trying to do and working on doing it. Like I mentioned before, the government is already taking care of so much. If anything, they'd welcome the help in rural areas and not in the cities. If you go to Mauritania and say "hey, I wanna build a fountain" they'll agree to that before you could leave. And perhaps some smaller/less developed cities in Morocco.
Keep in mind that the camera is at a much higher point and the driver's eyes would be slightly lower, he probably didn't see anything even in his peripheral vision.
*Good morning! Welcome to our store! Need help with anything today?* *Stares down at the basket and then back at the associate* *Associate keeps eye contact and gives you a: what?* *Stares down at the basket again and then back at the associate* *Associate looks down notices the items in your basket* *Ah! I see! You already got yourself some things, I get it.*
I hassle them. Last time I went there looking for a watch they only had the smart ones while I was looking for a CASIO. The dialogue went like this: *I have seen that you have smart watches but I'm looking for the dumb ones...* *Haha, follow me* *Proceeds to take me where I came from and showed me the smart watches* *No, no, no. I'm looking for those plain regular ones. The dumb ones. You don't carry those?* * I'm afraid we don't* I think he thought I used dumb to mean smart.
Bill the engineer guy also has a great video on TFT screens.
Did anybody check Middle East Monitor?
Basic, fast, does the job. Craigslist should probably adopt it. I'm thinking how can I write an aggregator in assembly. Also, are you telling me that all these years I have been learning PHP, JSP, ASP.NET went to waste?
I was under the impression that you were flying an aircraft solo. I started getting doubts after reading the comments, I'm still not sure.
QR codes + inventory apps?
Luckily it's open source. Always great to try and guess what someone's code is doing, especially assembly.
couchsurfing.com and post something in the discussions or even as a request and I'm sure you'll find something. There are usually people on there looking to team up and hit the desert.
"Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise"
Student: *What's a prime number?* Teacher: *Google is your friend!*
Most probable theory so far.
Well if there's an xhr request then it's AJAX. But I have had clients mention AJAX while they had no idea what they're talking about just because it was fashionable (2015).
&gt; **If** you sat everyone down and compared their intelligence (through IQ or whatever else)The people at the top half would consistently be more knowledgeable about just about any topic than the bottom half. Says who? I'm giving you examples from my experience and you're trying to counter that with hypothetical ideas.
Link us to **one** of these studies.
I don't have time either but I googled and couldn't find anything, so since there's an abundance of studies proving your point, give us just one. Oh sure, you don't have time, but you have time to hangout on reddit :) Have a great day, I don't want to argue with you and I could care less if you go on living your life thinking that knowledge and intelligence correlate.
The best they can do is clear the way for when ambulances come.
Do we talk about the motorcycle that almost got hit? Or the sheer speed by which the truck was coming? Or how it crashed head-on into that silver car. Almost singled out. Or do we talk about how it flipped over longitudinally? Speechless.
I'm sorry, I hope you are never in an accident.
This is a great idea, even streetview might be available.
I live in Morocco and satellite views from Google get updated at least once a year. I'm sure the aerial images are gathered through aircraft for the really zoomed-in ones. I can only expect things to be even more updated in North America.
The dirham is pegged 60% to the € and 40% to the $ with a range of 0.3% up or down. Now it's going to become 2.5%, so depending on demand it can reach a max of (USDMADx0.4+EURMADx0.6)x1.025 or a min of -(USDMADx0.4+EURMADx0.6)x1.025. Eventually, months from now they'll widen up the range some more and will continue to do this until the dirham is no longer pegged to the dollar or the euro.
[Check this](http://www.oc.gov.ma/portal/content/informations-pratiques/exportateur-de-services?TSPD_101_R0=82cda1f0c5f692c9cc41f194a9b82935nqu00000000000000000b83f829ffff00000000000000000000000000005a5af0d6004a2d5642)
And? Don't they know that the Sahara is Moroccan?
Perhaps pushing us to export more? Also I know that the World Bank forces countries to do this when they borrow from it.
Bear in mind that it's not a screenshot rather a picture from another device.
Only if he sits there for long enough.
Dashcam enthusiasts on r/Roadcam? Welcome to the sub!
Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
You could probably fly to a European country like France and get healthcare there for cheaper.
Are you claiming that you know about nuclear fire or black holes? Or even tigers for that matter? /s
As far as Ceuta goes, it's only for the people of Tetouan/Fnideq/M'diq who basically have a certain letter on their ID. Not sure how things have changed now since they introduced a card system. I once was at the border early in the morning and there were a ton of people there crossing the borders without showing any kind of documentation. They go buy merchandise and come sell it in markets in Fnideq and elsewhere. We literally had to stop to get our passports stamped since there was a huge crowd and absolutely no control. I think this was in early 2011.
Seems like for the pink-slip option you'd need to pay 6500 upfront if you're single and renew with 300 euros each year afterwards.
Made that mistake before and figured it works there too! ls is coming to Windows soon!
What OS is it running? Lakka?
Abolish all interest on the debt and reduce spending to be lower than the income of the US government.
I'm sure what you mean is psychological help through religion but it's been a long time that mosques receive little to no questions or requests and have lost a great deal of independence. So perhaps a friend who is well-versed in spirituality can help. Morocco relies on social relationships more than shrinks actually.
When it will become a necessity there will be no other choice. The Federal Reserve itself makes money out of thin air before lending to banks at the rate you've mentioned. It's low but it's something created out of nothing.
How do you think the international community should help? Obviously the US and its friends do not care.
Are you serious?
Yeah but you're sitting here from the camera's POV and not there ;)
No worries brother, have a great day :)
So the thousands of images and videos of people hit with machetes, people fleeing on boats and arriving on the shores of Bangladesh and burnt villages where no woman or child were spared are not enough evidence for you?
That can be translated as "terrific". But also used as "terrible" in Arabic.
The correct verb is لَعِبَ
Doesn't look like he drove terribly close to him either. How do you even gauge one meter it's all approximative. But sure enough, he started calling him an idiot and cursing him and then rammed into him with the bike for whatever reason. I think a friendlier talk about the gap would have been better than name-calling and cursing. Gently does it!
What kind of tool are we talking? *Screwdriver?*
Then let's just use "terrific" for it because it's literally the same.
Thank you.
Have you received any revelations on it yet?
~~If she didn't there would almost be no need to perform CPR.~~ The question is did she start breathing on her own and/or became conscious? Edit: Okay okay I'm a programmer not a doctor.
There: &gt;Marry 2, 3 or 4 women as you please but if you can't treat them equally then just one ~~and that's better than nothing.~~ PS: My translation in modern English though. EDIT: I mistranslated the Quran in that aspect, but for more on the last part of the verse that your right hand possesses you can refer to this [link](https://islamqa.info/ar/128619). Basically it says that one is closer to justice than multiple ones. And Allah knows best.
Do these kits have an expiration date? How long can you keep one?
Welfare check is an American thing and I doubt it exists in more countries.
What does as a program mean? I understand the part about it not being a library and a ready to use program but does it take filenames as arguments and spits out the text?
Yeah, but I'm from the northwest (Tangier). What kind of restaurant is it? European? Also when you say Dutch do you mean Dutch-Dutch or Dutch-Moroccan?
Wow, this is huge. Decoding TETRA on linux was a stretch involving at least 3 different programs running simultaneously including a script from GNURADIO. I'll test this later on but if it works right away that would be awesome!
Pantheism?
Sorry I was on mobile.
I'm a programmer but did you mean my concern? I was just asking. Thanks for your trust in the Moroccan economy and with a Moroccan partner I think things will roll just fine. All the best to you guys!
Thank you.
While I see where you're coming from, it's a bit different. Filing missing person reports, yes. Welfare checks over the phone? No.
All of that is great except your reality and that of other countries is different. Not all countries care about their citizens and they care about them in different ways and/or with varying degrees. Have you ever traveled abroad? Have a good evening.
You are overestimating Bill's knowledge. Somehow he can still get stuck on some new software. When you run a business you are so consumed by the management part of it so much so that you lose touch with the skills and the reality of your trade because somebody else is doing it for you.
I think going from a custom-work to a product-based model is the way to go. Because people would know that if they needed X, they'll come talk to you because it's your product and works well and everyone knows that it works well. tl;dr: there are thousands upon thousands of agencies like yourself online. Set yourself apart.
In my experience, this kind of posts never got us anybody. No one is going to work for free and will expect at least some payment + commission.
They can just buy a coin counting machine from that point on.
[Unix Load](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Load_(computing\)).
Maybe they are afraid to get lost since they don't have navigation? How easy it is to jump to US-50? I drove on 66 and 50 a few years ago.
Why couldn't she pray as a woman in Makkah? I don't understand. She'd have been well-covered as a woman than as a man.
You may want to try and become a self-entrepreneur, it's capped at 200k MAD and you pay something like 2% taxes or maybe less. The document is issued after a week or 2 in the post office but you can start the process going on ae.gov.ma, you can keep this AE status as a front and hopefully they will accept it, if not you could start an SARL (LLC-like company) and you don't really pay any taxes for the first 3 years, you just have to report income every 3 months or so. A friend of mine used to teach for the University of Maryland remotely, he's an American and had had to do this residency thing and to renew it a few times at least. I think he dealt with the police precinct and not the town hall. He didn't have a company or anything and I'm sure a lot of French retirees are settling here and getting a residency with their pension as a source of income. You also need to get darija classes ASAP so you can navigate Morocco and Moroccan administrations. Also, don't rely on a single source (even a government clerk) to tell you how things are done, ask a lot, ask in many and in different places. Good luck.
&gt; I wasn't speeding, was I speeding? You tell me. *Proceeds to disable the comments section*
سبحان الخالق
Giving them a taste of their medicine. They should consider themselves lucky they didn't inject them with digestive fluid and got pumped from the inside out.
He also has to learn how to spell were (where is for asking about a location).
It's been 700 years man.
Absolute nonsense.
Probably not a scam but the age difference is problematic. If you had a purpose together (professional or educational) then it's more tolerable. He could be just looking for friends or wanting to exchange ideas with foreigners but bars are not the best places in Morocco. You can befriend "morning people" who want to meet you at regular cafes.
True but the Chinese dynasty is older than that.
Is he really Arab?
A curse and a blessing in the same sentence. Wow.
I was thinking you might have caused the message to look like that with code and then I saw how you took a photo of the screen instead of a screenshot.
I don't think he changed genders lately.
Probably not the fence for visitors.
Into another environment?
Can't that drill bit that fell be hanged with a chain to prevent this?
How old is your dog? Looks skinny.
If all the money were to be burnt it would make no difference as the federal reserve would just print the amount it needs.
Forgive my ignorance but it seemed whatever they touched was sitting on the well's cap, I didn't know it's something that needed to be reeled all the way down for drilling.
The biggest shareholders in the New York Times are a Jewish family and most Jewish people are pro-Israel and/or pro-Zionism.
Grand Taxis will take you to the city for cheaper than any other taxi would in an American city. Better yet we have a train shuttle that goes inside Med V airport that's not overpriced. But my point is about taking the people from the hotels to the places where they can buy food and/or the stadiums, without a personal car it's close to impossible to do in America.
It's the same woman, probably one of the few women working as a paramedic in the Return March. Regardless, not sure what you mean by propaganda because Israel is known for systemically targeting Palestinian journalists and paramedics.
What is it that's too perfect? &gt;Dr. Yossef Abu Arrish, the head of Gaza's health services, said that "the paramedics approached the border with raised hands and while they were in their white uniforms and still the army fired tear gas grenades at them." [Source](https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/palestinians/authorities-in-gaza-slain-medic-s-team-had-hands-raised-1.6138195)
They control the US media and the US politicians. They even control a lot of the governments of developed countries with different tactics: corruption, threats, covert infiltration, branding you as anti-semitic and tarnishing your image because you dared to speak out. Israel is a mafia.
Red scarf on top of a blue one underneath. Notice how the one on the left has a mask while she doesn't have one and needed to improvise one. Not sure why people keep jumping here barking fake fake.
[This source](https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/palestinians/authorities-in-gaza-slain-medic-s-team-had-hands-raised-1.6138195) indicates that she was shot with her hands in the air. What's your point exactly? Palestinians are killed on a regular basis without doing anything.
Everything stands except that it's not her in the picture.
Israel = State Terrorism
Would it change anything? There are hundreds of videos documenting Israelis shooting and killing children, women and unarmed civilians in Palestine. What does it change?
Yeah, someone should comment with her photo before she was shot (available when you click any of the news articles referenced in this thread) and then pin that to the top of the thread so that people can look at the real issue at hand (war crime) and stop nitpicking the wrong person in the photo issue.
Don't worry about my comment just try to hide your embarrassment.
So, let's switch the photo, does it make it less outrageous? OP mistook the paramedic on this photo for her. Yet another war crime committed by Israel still occurred. It doesn't change anything in the level of outrage this deserves.
I couldn't care less about the exact context but I can only be outraged because she's an unarmed medical personnel who happens to be a female civilian and still gets shot. Children and unarmed man get shot and killed on a regular basis (150 since March).
Obviously you know little about the history of Mesopotamia (the cradle of civilization) or how the Muslims were the forefathers and starters in many scientific fields especially modern science (Check out Al Andalus to learn more).
Would Palestine use snipers to shoot at an unarmed female Israeli paramedic? I don't think so.
Whatever your field is chances are I can cite you one major Muslim invention that shaped its modern form.
Why? Razan was killed in the same place you see those people [with her hands raised](https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/palestinians/authorities-in-gaza-slain-medic-s-team-had-hands-raised-1.6138195) while she was trying to save someone as a paramedic. How is it a farce?
That's Palestinian resistance. Check out the casualties in terms of civilians for Palestine vs. Israel. As an example in the war of 2014 Israel killed 2000 people a majority of them were women and children while 6 Israeli soldiers were killed. You have someone coming with F-16s trying to bomb your house and your family. What do you do?
I'm sure it's a mistake. Because Razan is a paramedic just like the girl in the picture. Razan was killed by snipers while participating in the Great Return March just like the woman seen on the picture (except the woman in the picture was spared). I genuinely think OP meant no harm and mistook her for Razan.
They are not at war currently. These are peaceful protests to try and regain their homes that they left for half a decade now. Millions of Palestinians are still displaced in places like Lebanon, Syria and Jordan with others all over the world but famous refugee camps are in the countries that I mentioned earlier. Israel bribed the British occupier to get the land and then they just kicked its people out of it cold turkey and brought hundreds of thousands of immigrants from all over the world but ironically from other Arab countries (Jews from Moroccan descent are on top of the list). With that being said, you can't just expect things to calm down. These are human beings and they have been chased out of their cities and towns and lands and are ostracized against in Israel and oppressed, jailed and killed on a regular basis.
Did you see the video where she was agonizing in the hospital? This isn't new. Not the first or last time Israel will be shooting unarmed civilians. They were protesting at the borders. They didn't bring no weapons. These are civilians, it's not even Hamas.
Longer than you have but this sort of stuff never makes it to the frontpage. It's mostly discussed in r/conspiracy. If anything this shows that more and more Americans are waking up to the fact that they are being fooled by the media.
*The best of goyim deserves to be killed and his property stolen* - [Talmudic teachings](http://rense.com/general86/talmd.htm)
You think the US government has a choice? The US government is coerced into dumping $3B in "aid" to Israel every year.
Yeah let's blame the victim.
Everyone is talking about it from the NYtimes to the Washington Post to Reuters. There is video available of her agonizing in the hospital. Palestinians are not known for "staging" things. I dare you to give me one instance of this happening but Israel is known for killing peace activists, journalists and paramedics on top of civilians comprised mostly of women and children.
Not all Jews are like that though. There are organizations such as Jews for Palestine and Code Pink among others that are run by Jewish leaders or comprised mostly of Jewish people (sometimes Orthodox Jews) who are completely against Israel and its occupation and killing they have been subjecting the Palestinian people to for decades.
Well sure we benefit from it but we pray to Allah. Don't focus on that self-reward as much as you focus on giving prayers to Allah.
Many of those sponsors are public (OCP, ONCF...) basically money that should go to schools and hospitals.
Most of these singers sing **filthy** songs and dress in a **filthy** way. Anybody with a sane mind would tell you so, Muslim or not. This is a Muslim country and the singers they bring are opposing anything that's Islamic or divine. I know many Christians who would oppose Mawazine more than any Muslim could ever do. Why was public money used in the first place for this? And what does it mean "variable income"? Is that an obscure word to hide the fact that they're still using public money? Because the chart says that after 2010 they're only using private sponsors and "variable income" whatever that means. In 2013, OCP gave 2 million dirhams to Maroc Cultures to bring scantily clad women chanting about drugs and sex. That's a company that's making money from resource extraction. That is money that belongs to the Moroccan people and should be used to benefit the Moroccan people. The people are angry about Mawazine and they will abolish it sooner or later.
In 2013, OCP contributed with 2 million dirhams to this ungodly event. They are just using the word "variable income" to fool the laymen that they're not using public money. This is our country and we don't want this done here. It affects the moral values of our people negatively.
The fact that this paramedic was killed to you is less important than the fact that the wrong photo was mistakenly used in this post? Because her photo is available and it's similar. [That's her](http://cdn2.tstatic.net/tribunnews/foto/bank/images/razan-al-najjar-sukarelawan-tenaga-palestina-yang-tewas-ditembak-pasukan-israel_20180602_153738.jpg) and [this is](https://sl.sbs.com.au/public/image/file/c8241b8e-b06f-4430-a943-1bcd85d81f1a) her bloodied vest and [this is the aftermath when she was sent to the hospital](https://streamable.com/ec2he).
I don't see your flair but did you mean that God creates these other deities?
When the murderer is guilty, he tries to grasp to any string of disinformation, discrediting or downsizing the gravity of things.
Yeah, except [everyone](https://nyti.ms/2LQ6VJf) is talking about it.
Source? I have been following this conflict for years and I have never heard or seen anything like this.
What is it that's false? The [fact](https://nyti.ms/2LQ6VJf) that she was killed as a paramedic on duty?
[Everyone](https://nyti.ms/2LQ6VJf) is talking about it. There are numerous videos of her being carried to the hospital, [in the morgue](https://streamable.com/ec2he) and eventually the funeral. Nothing new, Israel is known for targeting journalists and emergency personnel.
There were no attacks against Israel but Israel did send some F-16s to southern Gaza to raid some civilian neighbourhoods.
Are you denying that talmudic teachings which are basically compilation of rabbinical traditions throughout the times don't condone the killing of goys and the stealing of their property? You didn't just apply this on me, did you? &gt;To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us openly. Libbre David 37
Thanks for sharing, certainly something I wasn't aware of.
That's not true :) Other deities are created by human beings, either physically or other already physical/spiritual objects or entities that are taken for a deity.
The war only broke out when the Palestinians were kicked from cities like Haifa and had to flock in droves to refugee camps. I doubt the Muslims living in Israel are free, there are numerous instances of them being ostracized, tortured and killed and many times with the protection of the Israeli police. So I will not share your opinion that they are free.
The media use the right pictures, OP probably mistaken her in this picture as this photo was used on top on some news outlet with Razan further down the page but the labeling on the article never said it was her.
God is one, there's no subordinate deity.
I see where you're coming from. The spirit of Mawazine is pretty much to bring artists from elsewhere and spend lavishly on them, if anything those local/respectable artists who share the same values as we do are the exception and not the norm at Mawazine.
We will see.
Will they ruin it like they ruined Skype and Nokia? LinkedIn seems to be doing OK but that's because they're being light on the changes.
We're told to always straighten the beard and comb it down. This is exactly how you mess up your beard for the day. Give these gentlemen some oil and a comb.
Don't damn bro. Thanks!
Mazloom is oppressed. Has nothing to do with that and is pronounced way differently in Arabic as it has different letters and vowels.
Nice poem, I like it. I like the message behind. But as some brothers and sisters have pointed out, you gotta be more on the offensive than defensive where you just try and protect yourself from all the wrongful accusations.
Oh alright. Thank you!
Sure, but Jesus peace be upon him as a needy human being who needs to eat and drink and buy products at the market just like Muhammad peace be upon him or any other human being. Jesus peace be upon him worshipped God and is not a deity nor does he hold any kind of power except for the miracles granted to him by God.
Yeah but it's not a picture from a different time or day or location or people of a different occupation or a way different age range. It's a mistake but it could have been very much her on that picture and her pictuee is actually similar in the same field. I feel like a lot of time and energy was lost just on this issue of the wrong photo being mistakenly used and how some people missed the point that a paramedic was shot dead trying to save someone's life.
Counter-weights on the rooftop.
Currently no good car costs $700 in the US. Probably $1500 or $2000 yes. The market expands and collapses depending on the year.
Cars are a necessity in America and there's a sizeable offer so it's not rare for parents to help their kid get his first car for $2000-$3000 so that he can get to and from school.
Good bot
&gt;Abud-Darda' (May Allah be pleased with him) said: The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said, "When a person curses somebody or something, the curse goes up to heaven and the gates of heaven get closed. Then it comes down to the earth and its gates get closed. Then it turns right and left, and if it does not find an entrance to go anywhere, it returns to the person or thing that was cursed; if he or it deserves to be cursed; otherwise it returns to the person who uttered it." Source: https://sunnah.com/riyadussaliheen/18/46
If it's invisible to the naked eye then it's probably visible through some other method.
You're saying you need more yelling in your life?
*She's eighteen!* *She's. A. Teen!*
Nah dude, the story is true, we're not going to discredit the story that was relayed by thousands of media outlets along with pictures and videos documenting her just because some person messed up and put the wrong picture on reddit. This is exactly what you shouldn't be doing. It happened and it's horrible and the reaction is felt across the world.
&gt; you'd think so.. but in this case it's completely undetectable by any *modern day* instrument. It could be that the instrument to detect them hasn't been invented yet or that it's out there but not used a lot. Or not used in the streets, or not used in the right streets where these ghosts roam.
I don't know man, be careful what you wish for. Have a good day!
He just shrugged it off like a real artist.
Seems like everything good in life starts with pain and ends with a lasting reward while everything bad in life gives you the instant reward first before giving you a lasting pain.
Uh no, he's clear. He's one of those who watched so he gets a response.
It's similar to lobbying.
June 05, 2013
&gt;eating It seems like most beneficial food takes time and elaborate/complex work to be prepared especially when you have to mix in different veggies/meat along with some spices. That sweet candy? It's instant as it tastes good and causes an array of issues later on. &gt;sleeping You can either force yourself to wake up and go to work and reap the benefits after that initial pain or you can oversleep and do some explaining when you arrive late. &gt;sex The example that comes to mind is that of masturbation. It's an instant gratification with little to no work and then other things settle in like a feeling of guilt. To have an intimate relationship with a woman, it's a complex and structure series of hard work (finding the right partner, seducing them, gifting them things, managing conflicts and issues..etc) and then comes the reward.
Wouldn't have gotten that pole shot in horizontal though.
And the AirTrain for $5 for a 1-minute ride is not a ripoff?
No spacesuit? No problem just put on motorcycle gear.
Ah no, there gotta be something. At least a dollar man.
You're anti-conformists.
Allah.
*It's still attack^i^^n^^^g*
&gt;Luxury golf club &gt;Luxury
We have a cat that just pushes her head uncontrollably inside and around leather shoes.
Then he could probably reprogram the pad?
Is the UK out of the EU yet?
I loop the Gs and Ys but that's because I learned French before I learned English and was writing in cursive throughout elementary school. I'm not Chinese though.
First time I see Google Express.
The Lord takes care of everyone. How did you go from being born naked to having all these material possessions?
The good thing is that the commenter didn't get "wooshed".
Not a bit. That's what I believe.
Pray using the Quran.
Assuming there's nothing more you can do performance-wise. Do you have an idea how many users the server can handle at the same time? Once you learn that you should start thinking about adding more RAM when you get more visitors. Again assuming performances are tweaked (wordpress code, apache config...etc). Also there's only so much RAM you could add to your server especially if you're not on one of those cloud services. So you might think about adding a 2nd server with a round-robin dns resolution. One database, multiple web-servers connecting to the same database. If the website is mostly read-only and there isn't much user-interaction going on then a CDN is the way to go. You could still use a CDN merely for static content as well. You gotta find the proper architecture that works for you. (1 db server, many web servers) or (2 synced db servers, many web servers) and if there should be any cache in between.
The very air you breathe and how your blood is oxygenated is the result of a complex process engineered by God. We can have a cordial conversation if you cut short the cursing. Thank you.
Who made all of this? It's God. You know it.
Pas mal.
It's more so a test to his parents. To see if they're satisfied with the will of God or not.
Apparently the units Jerry got didn't have that locking mechanism preventing the back from being twisted.
Considering the Bible was altered throughout the times and was subject to interpolations either with intent or without intent. I'd say you are on the right track to find the truth.
تقبل الله منا ومنكم الصيام والقيام وصالح الأعمال يا رب.
It was an accident.
Pots with detachable handles would do.
The only other candidate couldn't hold a press conference to announce his candidacy because no hotel would rent him the conference room to do that.
You can do everything in JS now (web server, dynamic web, mobile app, desktop app,...etc) but it's still messed up. It's a way for graphic designers who know JS to develop things, not really something everyone is jumping on.
Sounds like the camshaft closing the valves in an engine.
Too short.
You only have 7 digits after the international code?
That's 9 after the +36
Yeah but you still have to put it in when dialing nationally.
OP posting a referral link. Wow. True to the ULPT spirit.
I don't think there's a cryptocurrency mining process that will get you $25/mo using CPU mining.
Would probably work as a needle for fishing nets.
They were talking about this concept of a man's foes possibly being out of his family and it reminded of a verse in the Quran saying similar things: some of your family can be foes.
What the...
It's one of those mysteries where OP posts on reddit before opening the safe.
I think Turkey is one of the countries that's sending its military to fight its wars in Syria instead of proxies like what America and Iran are doing.
How come? Are these trailers more than 2 decades old? Why isn't the technology catching up?
That'll make them tired and they'd cut the BS and hopefully get back on track.
What if it's not an emergency and he could probably get checked by a male physician?
I think Islam was an influencing factor as I myself don't shake hands with women outside of my family (certain members of the family to whom I am a mahram).
You were traded for camels in Morocco? Really? I'm Moroccan and I have no idea what you're talking about. First of all, we don't have camels here except in the desert. Second of all, slavery has ended for at least before it ended in America.
Certainly not the workstations you find at work or in libraries.
For the bananas just bring the banana close to your head not the other way around (tilting your head to a stationary banana).
Likewise, thanks buddy!
Thanks for your supportive message man, that's very kind of you ☺️
They didn't dispute?
You know what's the difference between all this and a person refusing to shake hands with the opposite gender? All those are denying someone a service based on a wrongful discriminatory criterion but the handshake is actually obedience to Allah subhanah wa taala. You're doing the right thing when you're refusing to touch the skin of another person from the opposite gender. Can't compare apples and oranges.
Mr, Benkirane is no longer prime minister. His party won but didn't get the majority and the other parties didn't like him so much (exposed their conflicts of interest) so he stepped down after a long blocade (from the other parties) to form the government and a substitute was voted from his party.
That, I can assure you. It's no joke.
We've come full circle!
It keeps the highway going and avoids congestions.
Username checks out.
OP was driving way faster than the pack. That's what's wrong.
He passed 2 cars and was about to pass a 3rd. All within 10 seconds.
That's one solid line and she moved over back to where she was. Going the same direction. What OP did was way more dangerous.
&gt; Why wouldn't he be able to see the lanes he was changing into? He wouldn't have to brake so hard if he could see. He admitted to be in the wrong and said "shame on me, shame on them" obviously starting with "shame on me".
I think he probably meant to get from Morocco to France.
So 1.5x?
I'm the type of person who goes into neighborhoods when I mess up and have had to take the next exit many times wasting valuable time.
1. He now mentioned they were on. 2. They were on when OP got behind them. 3. True but faster than the pack, he was driving dangerously fast.
If you're looking to study abroad go to a country where it doesn't cost an arm and a leg to go to college. Certainly not Canada or Australia.
Should be protected by the 1st amendment.
Why not Amazon?
That's the recipe for 'Murica!
Given*
Thought they were the ones who have thin margins, not on this product?
[This is one of many things](https://youtu.be/IhxwyvoLMUA), it's just scratching the surface.
Would you say Turkish Muslims agree with him and Turkish atheists disagree?
&gt; There are many legitimate reasons to not vote for erdogan I'm all ears.
Haha, nah man. Here's a quote that might help you in life: *Those who obey Allah while displeasing people, Allah is pleased about them and makes the people pleased about them. Those who obey people while displeasing Allah, Allah will be displeased about them and make the people displeased about them.*
That's weird. Wanting manmade laws instead of divine laws is sure to compromise your relationship with Allah.
&gt; Turkey has always been a secular nation with secular principles No, not until Ataturk came and tried to please the west by separating Islamic laws from state laws and changing the characters into Roman letters. &gt;The Hijab (head covering) is NEVER mentioned in the Qur'an, the word Hijab only means "cover" and the covering of hair is never mentioned. The word khimar (khoumourihin) is mentioned in the Quran and that word means a head covering. Also, the niqab is what Muslim women started wearing when that verse was revealed, you can check the proper hadiths in the Sunnah about this. &gt; Ahadith is not the word of God, to say the words of collective groups of men who compiled Muhammad SAW's words hundreds of years after he died is equal to the words of God is Heresy; it is likening the words of man to the words of god. Whoever denies hadith he can also deny the Quran. The hadith have a complex and ingenious system of sanad (chain of narration) and some hadiths have multiple narrations. There's a grade system to rate a hadith good/weak and only the hadiths that were conveyed by the consistently trustworthy men are kept. What religion do you follow? Because you seem to kick the sunnah and the Quran out the door. You deny that the hijab is a fard upon Muslim women. So I'm wondering what your religion is and what your end goal with this comment is?
Yeah the ol' "*He doesn't know what he's doing, you better elect me, I know better*". That's a classic one in politics.
They're not in the millions, they're a minority. And I'm not making them anything, that's just what they are.
Infinite loops aren't fatal. Ok I'm out.
Gmail filters spam a lot better, that's why hotmail went out of business. Also, storage was one of the advertised features of Gmail, they had this counter telling you how much storage everyone's got in their mailbox and it keeps increasing by fractions every second.
Why not? I hear it has a reputation...
Kewl.
1. Ataturk did a lot of harm to Turkey, it isn't before the arrival of the AKP that Turkey started prospering. You can check the GDP charts and Turkish public debt as proof of what I say. Ataturk was more concerned with pleasing the west than anything else (change of outfits, destruction of traditions, change of letters from Arabic to Roman letters..etc). 2. Khimar is an Arabic word that's merely used for the head. You can't call any other covering a khimar unless it's a head covering, that's simple linguistics. Also, you can check the authentic hadiths for how women dressed back then and even to this day there isn't one scholar who will tell you that the hijab/khimar isn't a fard on Muslim women. 3. I can't call myself a Muslim unless I verify the 5 basic requirements of Islam (Shahadatan, Salat, Zakat, Siyam, Hajj if capable of doing Hajj). Don't fool yourself that you are a Muslim if you don't pray, the shahadatan are not enough. 4. The hadith and the Quran both passed on through oral tradition have continuous chains of narration dating back to prophet Muhammad peace be upon him. So if you deny the hadith you can deny the Quran. The rule of thumb is that if the hadith doesn't contradict the Quran then there's no reason not to take it seriously especially if the chain of narration is solid. Quranists (those who rely solely on the Quran) are shooting themselves in the foot when it comes to religion as they carry a lame life. 5. It is known that the punishment for apostasy came about during the time of khilafah when some Jews started converting to Islam and back to disbelief as a game. It's not a prophetic guideline and there's ample controversy about the subject. 6. It seems that you are not well-versed when it comes to science and especially the medical field since you are denying the prophetic miracle of the good benefits of camel urine. Camel urine has been proven over and over again by numerous research that it helps fight cancerous cells. It's laughable that you'd deny this hadith just because it doesn't go with your taste. Islam is doing what Allah and his prophet says, whether you like it or not, you'll eventually like it as you align your doings and thoughts with the fitrah. Obligatory source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27338742 The point is, we don't need science to back Islam. Islam stands by itself and science is merely catching up. Think about the people who lived hundreds of years ago and who didn't have access to modern day technology and medicine, do you think they'd shy away from consuming camel urine? Or they'd go ahead and apply prophetic advice and consume it and effectively benefit from it? If they're your type of people then they certainly won't accept it :) 7. Men are for the most part more suitable for leadership than women. Men and women aren't the same. Men and women sure deserve human rights that's not what I'm saying. But women are different than men for they have different roles in life. Women get affected easily by emotional things unlike men. We have yet to see a successful female leader, and it is indeed a verification of that hadith as there isn't a nation who has a female leader except that they have failed. Remember that lady in Brazil? Also, after a little over half a century of allowing women to vote (and eventually to get elected) in America, the people still haven't voted for a woman as a president, the day they will, America will collapse. 8. I'm not surprised that the age of Aisha was 9 when she consummated the marriage with prophet Muhammad peace be upon him. That's just how things worked back then and still work to this day in different places around the world. There's nothing wrong with it. Until the early 1900s the age of consent in the state of Delaware was 7. This is a deep subject and a simple paragraph won't be enough to explain this matter to you but just know that right and wrong are not what you think or what the UN tells you or what they teach you in school or what has been voted in laws. Many laws are encouraging and promoting unjust things and vice versa. Interesting how you discredited other prophets while trying to argue this point. Other prophets were role models just like prophet Muhammad peace be upon him was. They were preaching good and ordaining people to refrain from falsehood. It's not courteous to talk like that about other prophets. 9. I get it, it's your way or nothing. You just need your own Islam and to label it Islam version 3.1 and if your best friend wants something slightly different he can name it 3.1.1 and so on. Bottom line is that Erdogan won the hearts of the people with hard work and integrity and by defending the values of Islam, once again.
Selling through instagram and fb pages/groups seems to be how things are moving these days. You can start an online store and have a good marketing strategy to bring visitors from social media accounts and then convert them into clients. Good luck!
Likewise with Google Adsense. Google has terrible customer service. If not, non-existent. Edit: Fixed typo
The problem with the bible is that it's a mixture of different books. The gospel which might be what was revealed to Jesus exists in numerous version, hence why protestants were born. And in between there were a lot of changes and alterations in the text.
Taxes are also a necessity but they shouldn't be anywhere near their current levels. At 2.5% I think governments have plenty of money to play with. There's a lot of waste in government spending.
Probably an app that uses an API and displays results and errors in the same place.
It always takes inner personal efforts even when working with a professional who merely guides you.
Can't tell if it's a cult or not until you learn more about it. It's generally a cult when there are no personal improvements and the human at the top is racking material possessions.
Japan did it.
Sure but that's a single diamond not multiple ones.
Yup. White van wasn't paying attention.
Open your mind, O you pastafarian.
*It's gonna strike again!*
(5) mechanical or electronic malfunction.
Big trucks block your view and usually if anything was to happen to their load it will most likely flow backwards since they were going uphill. Also, if the truck was to stop on the side of the road it will be harder to pass him in that blind corner, so you'd be stuck there for a while before you could safely pass. As she was passing him, most of it was in his blind spot so he could very easily try and move over left or something. Being in someone's blindspot should make you uncomfortable.
What about those abusive individuals that you still think about after years?
As a Muslim watching this video. I'm as perplexed and horrified as you are. Religion isn't to blame. The issue is much more complex than that.
A lot of atheists can commit mass shootings where they inflict pain and agony upon innocent people. Clearly the culprit isn't religion here. A lack of goals in life with an underlying array of complex issues might be the answer actually.
Certainly not something that's in Islam. Also, matters aren't all white or black. In Islam, there's context and situations that dictate the outcome and the ruling of things.
The jizya was your state tax which is less than 2.5% that the Muslims pay (aka. Zakat) and more often than not it was waived for poor people or elderly.
Woodstock is a great example of the culture of metal.
&gt;Have u read the Koran from cover to cover. I read the Quran cover to cover multiple times a year. I don't see what you're talking about. Have you read the Quran?
No it's not in accordance with the Quran and Sunnah. Have you seen the "Letter to Baghdadi" document that was written and signed by over a hundred Muslim scholars that enumerated all the unIslamic things ISIS was involved in?
So their 17 year old bf wouldn't pass for an adult when calling? Is that one year gonna make a difference over the phone?
Vista is the worse, yup.
**Ah so**, that's what it is!
How far back was that?
You must be a monk amongst us.
I don't think Chris Hansen would take that as an answer.
Fair enough. That's one step further into incrimination.
Not at all. Not American nor a westerner, just wanting to see how people felt about this considering all the tension about underage girls with slightly older or older people. Seems like it's more tolerated in Europe than in America from pop culture but I guess you never know.
I don't know, but is it ethical? Could be moral and illegal or vice versa.
Oh right, right right... platonic.
Congratulations on the marriage.
Remember to pause first.
And masculine rakes to clean the debris.
r/casualiama would have been a better fit I think.
Just corrected one yesterday.
I wear a bushy beard and have no issues through airports. Just be yourself and if you are not a threat then you have nothing to worry about. I have had officers frisk a blonde woman in front of me while I wasn't searched and vice versa. Depending on the day.
After they go to a country illegally then what? You're very limited in terms of work (black market). You can't find proper housing without the proper papers and you certainly don't have enough money to pay for your food and your ghetto rent since the black market pays so little. If it's a woman she could even be sex-trafficked and exploited in many different ways. Men are also exploited if they intermingle with gangs and drug cartels. The legal way is the only way.
I'm Muslim and was just wondering how does Islam diminish women in your opinion?
Try to go over what went wrong with her (if she's willing to be truthful and transparent) and then slowly cut off contact.
**Patriarchy** Humans are patriarchal by design and by nature, I'd have to disagree with you that it is a social construct. **Answer to the absence of a message** God sent hundreds of thousands of prophets and messengers with dozens of books and scriptures throughout the times. He's not okay with injustices and he's very clear about that. **Christianity vs. Islam** I see that you are mirroring what happened to Christianity on Islam, while Islam and Christianity are different and have taken different routes. While we Muslims believe that Jesus peace be upon him is a prophet and had received revelation from God that he conveyed to his people, we also believe that shortly after the message was interpolated and altered and the religion as Jesus peace be upon him conveyed was no longer the same. In Islam, we still have the Quran as it was revealed to prophet Muhammad peace be upon him, in its original language. We have a solid system to assess the validity of hadiths and their chain of narration. **Different reactions in father-daughter relationships** Death as a punishment is too far for a girl who dresses in a western fashion. That's not Islam, never was and never will be according to the Quran and hadiths. You see, there are a lot of people who may be following what I call "cultural Islam" where Islam for them is what they have inherited from their parents and what their parents have inherited from their own parents. But most people generally can find their way to the truth if they go back to the Quran and Sunnah. **Is there a different Islam?** Sure, the differences exist, but it's mostly for minor things. There aren't differences about the core things in religion. Also, the differences only mean there are 2 ways of doing things, not that they are each exclusively correct and the 2nd option would be wrong. We worship the One God. **Niqab/Burqa ruling** Covering one's face is something that the wives of the prophet did as well as the believing women back then and it went on for centuries until the last century when Muslim countries were colonized by European invaders. Is it Islam? Absolutely. The difference in opinion is that whether or not covering one's face is mandatory or just an extra good thing to be modest. Everyone would agree that the niqab/burqa is better for modesty than hijab but the remaining portion of Muslim scholars would tell you that the hijab is the bare minimum. Did you also know that slaves in Islam were forbidden from wearing the hijab? And oftentimes they could just walk out hijab-less and bust-naked? **Stoning the adulterer** The stoning isn't explicitly mentioned but we are told that for it to be executed we need 4 eyewitnesses (mind you that the adulterer could also swear to God they did not do it and they can be let free). This is to preserve this solid and holy contract between 2 souls that's called marriage. You can only see what's happening now with all these married people involved in affairs and the destruction that ensues when their affair is exposed. And while it isn't explicitly mentioned in the Quran how the punishment is to be carried out, we know from hadiths that stoning was the way to go. We also know that this is something we inherited from the Jews (Law of Moses). You see Islam isn't a new religion, it's just the latest update for God's religion. A lot of the rulings were already in place for Jewish people, so believers in God inherited them by default from the Jews. You can see how this is in Christianity as well, since the Bible holds some Jewish books. Many verses in the Quran are telling us about all the things that were forbidden for the Jews that God now made lawful. Everything that was mentioned again was overridden, everything else was still valid. I hope this helps clarify the Muslim perspective for you.
If you have a solid support system, try to have long discussions about this with your best friend. If they know her and know part of the story it will save some time, if not, give them an introduction of how you met and key moments and as you tell them try to make sense of it with their help. They'll be able to provide external views on the subject and allow you to understand certain things (invisible internally) and then you can come to terms with what happened and it will feel more like a bad memory you have no issues making sense of and less of a trauma. Good luck.
Neither could a CEO handle the work of a competent farmer.
I don't think SVGs can be animated. There's so much time spent in interpreting the XML behind it and shape it as an image for a single frame, let alone having it work like a video. Talking about videos, they are highly efficient and compressed formats that can allow you to display animated images at a presentable and respectable speed.
The transition is kinda cranky. On a car you'd probably still be rolling.
What is this telling us about evolution though?
Probably more like empires and tribes.
Interesting fun fact.
Seems like he was hammering it at an angle.
Isn't it that things never cured after the Loi du Travail protests 1-2 years ago?
Driving that fast that close to those stopped cars is definitely a dangerous move. If anything, the car closest to the semi should have went first and then you guys follow. Now imagine if someone were to do the same and you're driving fast on the shoulder? You'd struck them right away. Imagine multiple people trying to pass on the shoulder at the same time. Illegal and dangerous. The way to do it properly is to wait for the first guy to go and you guys follow. You were hundreds of yards away from assessing the situation and knowing what the problem is. There could be a hazard or a safety/police situation and the last thing they'd expect you to do is to come speeding on the edge. Sorry if you don't like what I'm saying but I'm a straight shooter.
I agree.
I'm not into photography and I can tell you that even $40-$50 is so little. This is a job for 2 people. One needs to dress up and possibly fix the make-up herself or have a third person help her and the other needs to setup the stage, lighting and handle the camera. And they'll probably need to sit there for 2-3 hours to get you 1-2 pictures that you could use. This is more of a $400-$500 job, or you can expand your horizon and not limit yourself to (Europe / USA) as someone in Latin America (Or anywhere else really) could do it for the asking price you're mentioning.
They are cheap and usually associated with low-class people. Not as bad as Casa though. I don't smoke and don't condone smoking so I can't help unfortunately.
Yes, go back there and talk to them.
Hit couchsurfing as you're bound to find interested people there. Yiu're going to Imlil first right? Then, it's going to be a night in Chamharoush before reaching the top the next day. So probably 2 days to get up there.
Did you mean dose?
Who wouldn't wait 30 minutes and hop on the $25 one? Or an extra 30 minutes and get on the $10 one? That if you actually just missed it (you'd have to wait for an hour). I bet you could take the train and arrive faster than the car.
You're right. I didn't think they'd be spaced 20 minutes from each rather at :00 and :30 with one of the times having 2 trains simultaneously (regular and express).
If you overdose then you're dead. Also, your sodium intake is harmful to your body.
He's just pulling your legs (joking). He knows it causes lung cancer and all sorts of illnesses.
A broken clock is right twice a day. Yup.
Late 2019 - Early 2020 is what most economists were talking about.
Seems like the roles are reversed here with black cops catching a white outlaw.
Why do you want your head to be so dangerously close to being cut off? Between safety and danger there's a buffer zone, and you don't want to be in that buffer zone.
u/rokhana? You're still there?
Isn't that 7.881 Mhz?
How old were you guys?
Yes. Gold.
I don't think a helmet *was* gonna be much of a help there. Edit: was and not is
I bought a car with a check before. Guy delivered it at my place and I wrote a check for him.
Aren't they supposed to change tones when crossing an intersection?
How did you know the driver was black?
Lights were flashing orange, so it means "prepare to stop". Not sure what happened later on or if the driver intentionally left them orange so that people can pass while he's stopping there.
Sorry, I mean, I'm surprised **you** survived. Easy, sure. Does it work all the time? You don't wanna find out. Stay safe and chill. Relax your mind. I know things are bad for cyclists. I know most motorists don't respect them and put them at risk. I know you are trying to change things for the better. But please find a different and positive way that actually leaves people on a good note and willing to go through the change. If I scream in someone's face because I don't like their behavior, will they change it? Most certainly not. If I try and be nice to them and try and explain to them my perspective, then they'll tell me they'll think about it and they'll actually do something. Good luck!
Union jobs are somewhat respectable compared to what you'd find in Europe. Lobbyists have spent a lot of making their job difficult and ease of joining a union and not getting in trouble has also decreased.
r/NotMyJobInception
Do they also mix up South America with Africa too?
So, seat-fillers are so that rich people who paid an expensive ticket can feel like the show is worth it since the attendance is high, although most of them are part of seat filler clubs.
No. Not necessarily. You may think he's a genius though if you grew up in a place where education is behind.
I believe he was showcasing the density of different things.
I always thought the piston head was solid, but no it's hollow. TIL.
This is very good advice. I wish I knew before going on an internship to the US Northeast which was very different from sunny Morocco where I live.
Sure, just bring some pants.
Doesn't hurt to check the air filter as well. It's a bulky box inside your engine compartment with a fabric-like filter inside. The box has straps that you can detach to open it up.
*Foolishly aiming camera at person like they're some kind of animal at a zoo*
That's incendiary and would most likely start WW3.
Oh okay. Yeah that kind of cap is also known as a Fez and a lot of Moroccans wear it during traditional gatherings but its origin is Ottoman/Turkish.
You're right it's well over 2000 lbs. Not sure why you're being downvoted. If /u/yankeefoxtrot was referring to the truck's weight then he's clearly mistaken.
Didn't wake up. He's still inside. Now what?
Both are SUVs and seem like they are going to the same place.
Thank you for contributing to the conversation and helping debunk my theory.
If you had advanced a little further on the road to the 2nd lane, that Lexus would have had higher chances seeing you. I'm pretty sure you could have crossed the street without either of them having to stop. I only make cars stop when traffic is dense. Otherwise I just cross in the gaps making sure cars are either too far or making eye contact with drivers making sure they saw me.
I see where you're coming from. It's unfortunate this dude ran into this car that didn't yield.
iOS always pulls the default system keyboard when detecting a password field.
Last year this Muslim girl was killed in Northern VA. And women being raped and killed when their car stops on the side of the road or when jogging in trails is actually a recurrent occurence in the US. Can't say the same about Europe but exceptions exist and every country has its criminals.
Did anybody in New Zealand go online and say "Don't come to New Zealand, it's full of thugs and criminals"? Because that's what these self-haters are saying.
Sorry dude, they're interchangeable.
Has nothing to do with animate or inanimate. They're just different verbs with different roots.
What is preventing you from doing more for the society you live in? Things will never be perfect, and they might suck but what are you doing to make it slightly better today than it were yesterday? Ask yourself this question.
You got it, homie.
How does it work? Genuinely asking.
First couple to marry forces the second out.
Underrated.
CouchSurfing.com
You can come. It's just that 2 young hikers (female) have been murdered while camping out in the wilderness up in mount Toubkal. Police have arrested 1 suspect while 3 at still at large. We never had this before but I'm sure that by Christmas this story would have wound down.
Did you just grew up or something?
Did you have similar feelings when [that Muslim girl](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/fairfax-loudoun-police-searching-for-missing-17-year-old-reported-to-have-been-assaulted/2017/06/18/02e379ac-5466-11e7-a204-ad706461fa4f_story.html) was killed last year in Northern VA walking back from the masjid? She was found dead near a pond. Also, did you feel like you want to kill yourself when a [British tourist (60)](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/08/14/british-tourist-stabbed-death-new-york-woman-rid-home-evil/) was invited by a New Yorker (another female, 66) at her house before the host went to the kitchen and brought a knife and killed the tourist to "rid her house of evil"? That was just this summer by the way. And what about this [British backpacker](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/09/world/asia/grace-millane-new-zealand.html) killed in New Zealand? Did you hear about any Americans or Kiwis wanting to get rid of their citizenship because other people who live on the same land as them are criminals? People try to do their best to keep things hopeful about a better future. Doing the little that they can each and every one of them. What have you done for your country?
Did you hear any Russian people say similar things when that Moroccan fan was killed this past World Cup? Did you hear any Ukrainian people say similar things when that Moroccan student was stabbed and he bled to death outside a bar? While his friends watched as paramedics were too slow and forbade them from touching him. This isn't you. They aren't accusing you of murder. It's a bad member of a society on this planet. You have nothing to do with it. Every nation on earth has its bad apples. No exception.
&gt;And to the surprise of absoluletely nobody with at least a half functioning brain, the murderers of the two slain girls were your typical enthusiastic Muslims. You can't judge people from an image. Appearances can be deceiving. Their families all said they didn't expect this from them, a brother of one of the criminals mentioned how his brother was brainwashed and that his brother was illiterate (rare in Moroccan youth). &gt;Ok, then. Muhammad was a genocidal war monger who himself held numerous sex slaves. At least three is well documented: Juwayriyya, Safiyya, Maria the Coptic -- all who ended up as his "wives". We also know from the hadiths that he was happy giving his men carte blanche to rape as they wished among the war booty they took. Sorry, but prophet Muhammad peace be upon him didn't go to war except for necessity and many times he forgave the captives. As for the slavegirls, they wanted to serve him, they came to him. I'm not sure why you call it "sex slave" because a slave isn't just for that. It's no different than an employee in our modern era in terms of rights and responsibilities under Islamic law. Slaves in non Muslim countries may have been subject to brutal treatments. And no, you can't get intimate with a woman without her consent, even if she's a slave.
&gt;According to my dad, Morocco was once Amazigh How long did your dad live? &gt;Maybe Morocco is Amazigh, but I don't hate non-Amazighs and think they have no right to be in Morocco. Do you know who is Amazigh and who isn't? We don't need this kind of racist/divisive narrative in Morocco.
It's good marketing
Tattoos ban you from being an organ donor in some countries though. Just wanted to let you know.
I believe it's in the UK.
tineye.com
[Similar to how a friend of mine got scammed.](https://www.reddit.com/r/RBI/comments/4kvzrw/how_do_we_catch_this_internet_love_scammer/)
It's the Trump curse.
&gt; Morocco is an extremely male dominated country where men for too long have gotten away with treating women pretty much however they want. Could you give an example on how this is happening in my country vs. in the west for instance? &gt; But both Morocco and Islam have major issues Morocco has issues just like any other country on earth has its own set of issues, but how does Islam have issues?
high-risk, low yield move. Not worth it.
You've never been in a relationship where they asked you to do things? No problem, now you are.
What about deceit when it's not in the nation's best interest?
So what's next? Cocaine?
Could be banned.
What else was there besides pork?
There are. You just don't hear about them. Religious and secular dangerous ideas. I bet you never heard of what happened in Waco, TX. On any given day there are dozens of cults all across the United States with at least 100 followers each. It's a time-ticking bomb because they eventually all commit suicide or in other cases take innocent lives with them.
It's just to test this theory of whether it's about the "forbidden fruit" effect and that now that weed is legal they'd try the next one over.
Really? I got a tow truck on 95 before.
I don't envy you because I had all the material things given to me when I lived in America. I moved back to Morocco and have gained back my sanity and mental well-being. I wish the best for you. It could be that you're not seeing things deeper down the road in 10-20 years and how Germany or its lifestyle could treat you. You mention you have a gf, this means that you're lacking a bit in the religion department since having a gf isn't allowed in Islam. Definitely not wanting to be in your situation. I visited Germany a few years ago (a week or so) and I certainly didn't like the culture there. The people were too cold for me. People are different and I can't judge them as a visitor but it's certainly not a welcoming place that I could ever call home. Also, your life isn't better because your salary is higher and you drive a car or because you have a gf. Your life can be better if your take-home is higher. If what's left for savings after you pay taxes and bills is higher. If you can afford to buy all the things you need and not stress about it towards the end of the month when you have nothing left. A car doesn't mean you have a better life, it just means that you need it to get from point A to point B. Not that you're necessarily better than people who take public transport. Their life is actually better than yours since they help preserve the environment and keep a fluid traffic on the road by using public transport. The longer your commute the more depressed you are according to some studies. So people who don't need a car to get to work are actually better off than you are. All cars are eventually the same. They take you from point A to point B. You are no better than someone who is using a scooter or cycling to work. We keep forgetting about the purpose of these things.
Yes but he said they weren't allowed to work on the highway and NYPD pushed his car through the exit so he can call a private tow truck. So the issue is that he was on the GWB (likely) or because he was on the highway?
Why are their salaries exempt then if they don't rely on it? I'm sure it would affect them.
I can't understand how lobbying is legal in America.
"Yes, first. How have they been working for you so far?"
The people need to get power back in their hands.
Luckily we live in a world where we can easily learn about other countries' policies and we can see that laws and measures meant to protect or serve the public aren't blocked by corporations and their lobbyists and it is working better for them than it is in America (universal healthcare is an example).
Actually the power is in the hands of corporations and industries like banks, defense contractors, insurances and even foreign countries just to name a few.
**Flint:** If we believe [this picture](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/e7a07d2751ba0e882638d4196ac4da050bbb0ab8/0_0_3785_4731/master/3785.jpg?width=700&amp;quality=85&amp;auto=format&amp;fit=max&amp;s=f4ec3f9d96c77abb6dbe0043dba2a54f) from the city, apparently they didn't have clean water in March of 2018. Every time the city says the water is good again, it wasn't. Most sources state that the issue is still going. **Funding cuts:** - [94 Percent of U.S. Teachers Spend Their Own Money on School Supplies, Survey Finds](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/16/us/teachers-school-supplies.html) - [A Punishing Decade for School Funding](https://www.cbpp.org/research/state-budget-and-tax/a-punishing-decade-for-school-funding) - [Trump Budget Deeply Cuts Health, Housing, Other Assistance for Low- and Moderate-Income Families](https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-budget/trump-budget-deeply-cuts-health-housing-other-assistance-for-low-and) - [Trump proposes $200B for infrastructure to be cut from other federal programs to pave way for $1.5T in projects](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/02/11/trump-proposes-200-b-infrastructure-cut-other-federal-programs-pave-way-1-5-t-projects/326521002/)
*Hi, senator Kaine? Yes, I'm in the middle of nowhere and I need somewhere to pee. Yes, it's urgent.*
Commonwealth* You don't belong here.
I feel like I'm here, not there.
There may be undercovers there pressuring you for a bribe to get out of trouble. Keep it legal. Not worth the risk if you're in a foreign country, especially in a public place.
I did this. Not used to cold climates and was trying to find ways to scrap the ice off of my windshield. Went to the kitchen and got some hot water and poured it over the windshield. It cleared up and I took it for a drive around the neighborhood. Not even a few yards and it started fogging up worse than before. Sticked my head out the window and U-turned back home. Was still in the neighborhood and wasn't going anywhere. It was late at night so I wasn't like late for work or anything. In hindsight it might work if you actually wipe the now-liquid water after pouring hot water. Also, I got an ice scraper after that happened.
Well, the concept of God and Allah is exactly the same thing.
Hey, thanks for your support!
Not sure what you mean by "has nothing to do with boxing".
It's at the same spot it was in the beginning of Q4 2017. Meaning you have gained nothing from the stock market in all of 2018. Zilch.
God isn't human. He is the creator. He created the heavens and the earth. He created the boxers and the laws of physics they play in. Not sure exactly what you're trying to compare here, creator and creation?
We. Will. See.
How is it inappropriate? We don't believe he was crucified but we believe that he'll have a 2nd coming.
How am I not being modest? Also, I don't think I have said anything condescending. It's just the truth and sometimes it might overshine whatever your actual beliefs are. The truth is the truth, I'm not gonna sugarcoat it for you.
What's the recipe?
I don't see how there's any other way to convey something that I strongly believe is true. More than you believe your parents exist. It's not blasphemous, it's encouraged. And I'm not claiming righteousness in character or conduct, I'm rooting for the statements to be true and valid. Could you tell someone making scientific experiments that they're self righteous about repeatedly proven results? That's how I feel.
Sorry for your loss OP. Hang on there, it will get better.
Hospitals could still keep prices high and provide insurances with kickback.
Banks lend more money than they have deposited. This is known as fractional reserve lending. The ratio is different from one country to another but it could go up to 10 times more.
Give me this flawless religion and I'll tell you what's wrong with it.
Right and wrong never change. Also, God is the alpha and the omega. Has nothing to do with 2018 or 18 BC.
It's not always plural in Hebrew. The suffix -im can be used when referring to a person or entity with a high status, like God.
Christians believe Jesus peace be upon him is the son of God, while he never claimed this. Also, considering him divine is something that was brewed at churches after he was gone rather than it being part of his message. Christian reformation didn't do even 10% of what was altered by the Roman Catholic church. Buddhists are worshiping idols that they create by themselves. It's also a religion that doesn't believe in day of judgemet and has a cyclical view of life while every single thing, object or entity in this world has a beginning and eventually an end. There's more to Buddhism that has to do with demons and witchcraft disguised as meditation. I'm surprised you brought up scientology as it's a monetary scam that's banned in many countries in Europe for instance. Manmade religion for material gains. I don't know much about Shinto but I can assess it from the idolatry and spirit worship practices involved. [Dear Human](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mduonkxqzMg)
Let me reach out to you.
Yes and my religion is right. It could have said things about other religions and they'd be wrong but it happens to be right. I'm not in this religion because it's a nice idea or because I grew up in a Muslim environment, I'm in it because I criticized it and adopted it because I'm convinced of it. I dare another religion to find anything wrong with the Quran.
You should be able to quickly say Islam is false because XYZ. But I got nothing :) [What do you say about this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0rU1lUhzjY)
God is the creator and the human is the creation, it's not the same thing. Again, you have needs and here they are: food, drink, rest, intimacy, sense of belonging...etc. [This will explain to you the difference between creator and creation.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdrg3im-wMI)
Yes, it can easily be disproved. You yourself know this. If you're divine shoot yourself in the temple and see how well you're gonna survive that. If you're God, you can easily make that bullet disappear and go to another dimension or simply ignore the laws of physics and come back inside the gun that fired it. Again, had you watched the last video I shared you would understand the difference between creator and creation and not make the mistake of mixing them up. God is not IN the creation.
Shoot yourself in the temple.
Muhammad peace be upon him is a human being with needs and never claimed to be God like you are. Muhammad peace be upon him brought forth countless miracles and proofs that he's a messenger from God. One of many still living today is the Quran. You couldn't shoot yourself in the temple. So you're not God. Therefore your claim is false. You have needs, many.
Higher fps?
I don't really hate him and I wouldn't go as to use the F-word like the commenter above but I guess that period of time kinda tarnished his image and reputation a bit. People forgot when he talked about sending a man to the moon again soon.
Please give us more info on how this bot will work, is it browser-based? Is it actions done on your computer?
I used to work for a company just like that: big web development company in America with an office here. I had just gotten back from the US when I worked with them so going back didn't interest me back then. Also, I'm trying to do new/interesting things other than web development along the lines of AI/Machine Learning that's why I was considering an H1B. I no longer work for that company and quit to start a business: mostly custom CRMs with the occasional web or mobile development projects. As far as H1Bs I see some websites offering to send your resume to companies and such for a fee ($100-$200+). Would you recommend going with them? Going back to school doesn't interest me, unless it's for something highly specialized. Also, the high tuition cost for students is just off-putting. I know you can tutor/TA/GA and such especially for grad school to try and work your finances but I'm not comfortable with just throwing myself out there without calculated plans on how to generate income. Thanks for your input.
The experience was great and the process super fast. I'm talking submitting documents on a Wednesday and picking up your visa on a Friday and flying on a Saturday. I have done it. Twice. Except, it was for visas that required some sort of sponsorship (along the lines of work, internship or marriage). Getting a B2 visa is no different than getting a Schengen visa for Moroccans. I'm assuming money in the bank (minimum 50k+ MAD), a full time job that pays fairly more than minimum wage (minimum 5k+ MAD) are considered strong ties to the country. The interview plays an important role in having the visa application accepted or rejected. In my experience honesty is the best policy. You tell them exactly why you're wanting to go there and what your plans are. If someone has plans to overstay the visa or immigrate illegally, they'll know right away regardless of what he says. Intent plays a huge deal. It seems like you're talking about a penpal. Sorry if this is getting too personal but is this penpal a potential fiance or spouse? If so, you can apply for a K1 visa (6+ months processing time) and then he or she can get married within 90 days of arriving. Again, a genuine relationship is going to be necessary for this to work (chat logs, pictures together, regular mail letters...etc) and it would definitely help if you came to Morocco first and had pictures together before applying. If this last paragraph doesn't apply to you, please ignore it.
Something something there are more people being cutoff in the US per day than there's in Morocco in an entire year. That doesn't mean anything.
I think it's a she. And I don't think there's anything wrong with encouraging good deeds especially that this is reddit and people are for the most part anonymous, it's not like Jane Doe from Springfield is doing good deeds, ho ho ho.
Having good intentions about others is a big part of who we are here in Morocco. As you have said, it takes time to adjust. America is a mixed bag and people are constantly alert. Scams here are present but hard to come by. Assume goodness until proven otherwise.
About 10 years ago I had this epiphany that I needed to learn more about US culture, politics, language and humor among other things. After visiting the US twice the dream crashed because reality was very different from the dream (Californication by Red Hot Chili Peppers describes the experience) but in the meantime I'm glad I got to see it for what it is. I find it extremely difficult to find clients remotely for a Moroccan business and while I had some luck it is much harder than when you're there. A lot of people would post craigslist ads and end the post with "Locals Only", if only they knew that there's somebody out there in Morocco willing to move a team of programmers to do the work for them for a fraction of the cost. When I was there I was too focused on what I needed to do. I developed friendships as they came but I didn't develop connections that may become business partners once I'm back. My idea is to go back and do just that. I might even apply for a B1/B2 visa and visit for a temporary amount of time. Why the US and not another country? I feel like I have invested time and energy understanding this market. It would feel counterproductive to tap into Asian or European market considering that I don't understand the culture nor do I know how business is conducted (except for France). So my best bet would have been to fallback on the American way of doing business and hope for the best which brings us back to square 1, just do business with Americans. We could probably chat in private a little more.
It's not easy to find a paid internship yourself but if you do definitely go with that, the sponsor then just has to help with paperwork for a fraction of the initial cost. Some sponsors do just that, help with the paperwork but won't find a company for you and instead just give a series of advices on how to convince people to hire you (bringing a touch of diversity inside the company being one of them). These sponsors are accessible to anyone in the world and they are most of the time registered as non profit organizations in the US.
You have used the word a lot a lot: how many people you know were in a grave accident? How many got murdered on a hiking trip? How many got stabbed? Again, this woman is not alone, she's married to a Moroccan man who will take care of her. This is how marriage works. Morocco isn't an individualist country and people look out for each other for the most part. If anything this woman moved from a less safe city with multiple homicides a day to a touristy place with maybe 1 homicide a year.
Yes, even more [laughing material](https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/3xbcpo/my_day/?st=JQBIRDQL&amp;sh=77b398ea) for you from OP's history. Enjoy! I'm sure she's dying to get back to her old life in Chicago.
Ah those are just little atheists from HS who hate Islam. Most have never been out of Morocco and so they think Morocco is the worst country on earth. You're just jealous this American woman is happy with a Moroccan man and how her life is turning 180 now that she is Muslim and knows Allah and has a purpose in life that's more real than what you have done in life so far. Not saying you're doomed as people change constantly.
When apocalypse hits a breastfeeding woman will let go of her infant. This has nothing to do with society or culture. We're wired like that. On day of judgement each one will be judged individually. No one would care about their partners or children or friends only after they were judged.
Why is the Bruiser task unit infamous? Also, I have never heard of a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics.
Another thing you could do is put a finger inside your cheek and then put it in her mouth. This gives her immune system a head start in recognizing microbes and viruses. Not long ago an article on r/science went viral on how newborns aren't getting enough exposure to microbes. Edit: [Link here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/aauu83/young_children_are_not_being_exposed_to_microbes/)
Interesting. I personally would never see the need to use your product since I can just upload a CSV file on PhpMyAdmin and it would do the trick and then I can export into a compatible SQL mode and push it to any other DBMS. Am I right?
I'm glad there are people who are willing to pay for this for the convenience. Great idea and all the best :) PS: Check your chat messages ;)
Tel-Aviv is the NYC of the Middle East? In what way?
Wow, was there something wrong? I didn't think anything was off.
I'm actually using this [DIY shell case](https://www.ebay.com/itm/Power-Bank-Shell-Case-4x18650-Charger-DIY-Box-Kit-Circuit-Board-VG/133058721309). It takes 4 batteries and already has the electronics in place for charging/discharging. I'm currently using some old recycled batteries from my computer but I'm thinking of maximizing performance. Thanks!
Morocco.
"[You're right that's way too much](https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/bvwgv8/what_businesses_are_currently_underrated/eptbtud/)"
$100 isn't gonna give you anything from a professional web developer. Sure you could tinker something out but it starts slightly higher than that even for the entry level ones.
I hear ya.
One thing for sure is that she didn't see him.
L'Islam n'enrichit pas les travailleurs religieux.
C'est l'argent du pétrole avec l'aide des Etats-Unis. Le dollar américain prend de son pouvoir du fait que le pétrole ne se vend qu'en USD et les Saoudiens s'enrichissent.
Google is already doing this though, isn't it?
Lower the price.
Interesting. I wasn't aware of this actually.
Why not have the customers return your packages directly to the warehouse?
Seems far-fetched compared to the modus operandi expected by OP.
I offered OP a solution but he seems to be ignoring it. Also, I don't think OP is a company. Sounds like a dropshipper or something.
Or Africans for that matter.
Graveyard shift.
I personally never rely on others stopping, I have to witness them stop.
Do you rotate your tires at all?
Bummer! Well, I hope you change your tires soon. Start with the RWD ones since they're the ones that have traction and perhaps 6 months later get the front ones as well. Please, it's dangerous. This whole ordeal is a warning that your tires need changing. Take care :)
Yeah it made me wonder if the offender checks for people who are turning left to then stop and then I thought of all of those who wouldn't use their blinkers only to have this driver hit them.
I thought the metro/subway looked higher than that of New York City or Chicago and then after playing at 720p the license plates looked more like VA plates than NY. And of course if you look at the signs ahead it says things like Alexandria and Baltimore 😁
Bluetooth doesn't always pair, can confirm.
No drums are fine. Violins are violating divine laws.
I believe she's happy she got married.
Call that *involuntary endangerment of a human being* which could have become *involuntary manslaughter*.
I'm sure this stuff gets posted by Trump supporters and upvoted mostly by pro-Trump people. But let's agree on a few things first: Joe Biden sucks, Donald Trump sucks even more. It's not these kind of videos that will make people vote for Donald Trump.
I gave you a downvote and came to the comments section to have my suspicion confirmed.
That's why I don't drive off until everyone in a 4-way stop is stopped. EDIT: Most of you wait for 2 cars to stop and bet on the 3rd to be stopped. I have to see 3 of them stopped. That's the difference. Not sure why I'm being downvoted. I literally just explained what you need to do in a 4-way stop.
It's the only safe way though. By the way, when the intersection is busy, while you're waiting for all the 3 others to stop, the cars before them would actually be leaving. So there's no wasted time. You do have to wait for the last one to stop before it's your turn. It may be that they won't stop and hit you. I would never just turn left and assume the oncoming car would stop like you did. I would have to actually witness them stop before proceeding.
I guess you were in their blind spot. Should've just lifted your foot off the gas a bit to let them in.
No, I mean, there's no spacebar on mobile but you can have that auto-answer using touch gestures.
This is outrageous! As always, no one is speaking out about this...
It's not that rhymey as OP claims, I have seen much much better.
Answer has been given hihi
It's illegal to pass vehicles from the right, just saying. Cammer is driving faster than that red uber car.
What are you calling me that for?
Hey, I'm Arab and the \*\*you\*\* here refers to prophet Muhammad peace be upon him, that's why it's masculine.
Well, I didn't understand what your question was about.
The question wasn't formulated properly I believe but I understand now what it was about.
Thank you, I feel like the question wasn't clarified enough.
