I find it amusing that fans have turned around and made it into a pantyhose fetish thing.
Yes, and that's part of my problem with it, it's not based on anything concrete, it's just "go by feel" and it changes as politics change. There isn't some genetic marker or physiological trait that changes at the border of Turkey. The extreme left wails about the Kardashians committing cultural appropriation because they're white. The extreme right wails about refugees replacing them because they're not white. How does this make sense? By what standard is an Armenian white and a Syrian not white? This is baseless.
That would be the preferable solution, yes.
Even with all the details you pointed out, I don't see "teenager", I see "novice". Let's assume she had something resembling a normal childhood and wasn't some kind of kid superspy, we can hazard a guess that after high school or after college Ada got into....whatever lead her into the world of femme fatale corporate espionage badassery. At which point she'd need to amass a skillset that resembles special forces, that takes time. 24 seems a pretty reasonable age to be fully field-ready. So this is probably Ada relatively NEW AT THE JOB, and they're trying to make her look less smug and unflappable because she's not the superhero that we're used to yet.
In 2018, a man writing articles sneering at women's bodies and career choices is woke feminism.
I agree with you, but fans get curious and beg you for her backstory until you give it to them, with neither you nor they realizing that EXPLAINING the character will ultimately remove some of her luster.
Then tumblr is nothing BUT a containment site for teenage SJWs. I somehow doubt that's sustainable. What in the world would make them think this was a good idea?
And this is why they need to be regulated. Because at least the government answers to the people every few years.
https://twitter.com/HuffPost/status/1067972666622189568/video/1 Where's the joke? Point to the framing, or the punchline, or any of the generally understood indicators of humor. Point to any concrete detail that suggests this should be interpreted as non-serious and not reflective of the publication's real stance besides "this is too stupid to be defensible, and someone in my ingroup said it".
Somebody making an RPG supplement about their period is ridiculous. Somebody being so offended by it that they DESTROYED IT is far, far more ridiculous.
Okay, so he's greedy but not crazy.
Hah...fair point. You do you, man.
Schindler took the same risk of being shot if he got caught doing what he was doing. If there is anything that WWII taught us it's that "just following orders" isn't an excuse. Throughout history there are examples of governments being toppled because their own militaries, their own police, the "young men with guns" they rely on to prop up their regimes, just stopped accepting their orders one day and either turned against them or simply stood down. Hitler could have been removed in an instant if the Wehrmacht had one day collectively said "no, we're not doing this". And yes, a lot of people would have been taking great risks to their lives by working to foment such a rebellion. Just like Schindler risked his. Sometimes life tests you, and you find yourself in a situation where there is no option to just keep your head down and stay out of trouble, you have a choice to either do something that is brave and dangerous and GOOD, or to submit to being part of something that is EVIL.
If you have an actual argument, make it.
There is a spectrum of female beauty ranging from Josie at one end, who you'd like to get with but you're afraid of breaking her in half to Hope at the other, who you'd like to get with but you know she'd break YOU in half. Every TVDverse show has that dichotomy, on TO it was Cami and Rebekah. on TVD *they were both played by the same person* which was...a pretty amazing feat of acting on Nina's part.
This really kind of exposes the absurdity of the whole "power difference" argument, and the current feminist goalposts for rape which seem to be "sex + power dynamics"...which is a notion that's been floated since second wave, when some famous feminists theorized that because there is a power imbalance between men and women, ALL heterosexual sex is rape. If you apply this logically, then God cannot interact with anyone in any way, because God is God, His will is absolute over the entire universe and rejection of it results in going to Hell, so under this bizarre Marxist view of the world, there is no consensual interaction with God. And you can just scale it down from there to any example of more temporal and limited power dynamics to see the same flaws in thinking, and that the level of autonomy people like this seem to require to consider interactions consensual probably doesn't exist in real life and I'm not sure it even COULD, because to them, consent can be invalidated by a threat to exercise power that is merely POSSIBLE even if wholly imagined. Of course the flawed basis is an implicit assumption that all authority, even God's authority, is illegitimate, but if you're granting any of this having happened at all, then grant the full premise, including that God really DOES know best, otherwise you're not criticizing the actual Christian theology, you're making up your own story to criticize.
Because they're afraid the result might not line up with their agenda. Mods of big subreddits often power trip and see their communities as a way to signal boost their own voice, by making sure that what they want looks like what the community wants.
&gt; You then said the "whining" about politics only matters when there's an unproven claim of real world harm. I brought up Gies's review, not to draw some equivalence to what Glasgow did here, but to demonstrate that you do not in fact draw the line only at claims of real world harm. It's where I draw the line, what Polygon did I consider well on the bad side of it, past mere alarmism. I know there's some disagreement about whether this happened or people are just paranoidly assigning sinister motivations to Gies, but let's discuss it as a hypothetical: A journalist deliberately gives a game a lower score than they believe it deserves, with the intent to use their journalistic platform to punish the developer by misleading customers who otherwise would have been interested into thinking it's a bad game, and/or to lower the game's score on review aggregation sites as a way of manipulating corporate marketing strategy. Would you agree that this is a very wrong thing to do, an abuse of the power critics have, and an attempt at censorship?
I wouldn't call inquisition a dumpster fire, and its main problem was being too grindy. Andromeda definitely.
As someone who'd never even heard of this dude before....whatever this was...what I REALLY wanna know is...was this guy playing esports at a competitive level *while wearing a fursuit*? Because if so...that's actually quite impressive. Sorta like Goku's weighted clothes, if he's that good wearing them, imagine his power level without them.
I would accept explicit, public acknowledgement that she lied, complete and unconditional apology with stipulation that she failed in her duties to the fandom, renunciation of all the political dogmas used to justify her behavior, and immediate resignation from the project. An equivalent punishment to Louis CK's. Being expected to grovel and disappear for a while. She can come back in a year pledging to do better and I won't begrudge her that opportunity unless she fucks up again.
Agreed, that would be ideal best practices. But as for a reasonable standard of "cover your ass" moral obligation, I think the rule should be that if you do a "rebuttal video" in this manner, you should include a disclaimer warning your fans not to harass this person, and if the person contacts you about specific harassers coming to them from your channel, you should do what the available tech resources allow you to do to make those individuals unwelcome in your audience, such as banning them from your channel.
To redistribute land that whites had unfairly gained a disproportional amount of during Apartheid.
This is a pretty direct admission of the kind of thing SJWs have been dismissing as conspiracy theories for years: creators are changing their work based on fear of internet outrage. SJWS ARE the reason for self-censorship.
The right wing populists tell people that the left is an evil new world order bogeyman, coming in to put the jackboots of Stalinism to their throats, to take away their values, muzzle their freedoms, and destroy everything they know and love. And the left's response is to act like exactly what they're being portrayed as. Don't say this, don't do this, don't think this, those jokes have to disappear, those tits have to disappear, those songs have to disappear, everything you love must be changed, you don't have a right to a voice on a private platform BUT BAKE THAT FUCKING CAKE YOU BIGOT! You spoke out? BANNED! FIRED! DEPLATFORMED! Single individual cases probably don't affect very much, but the pressure builds, and each new case is the straw that broke the camel's back for some more people who decide the right wing populists were right, and are the only hope of saving the culture they know and feel they can navigate, and their place in it.
Because it influenced his score, thus claiming objectivity and factual basis beyond personal taste. If it's just one man's personal taste, why is it elevated to a special position of influence beyond that of other people?
I think that what she did was at least as bad. Property and promise are the two fundamental pillars of civilization. A person's word should be their bond, and breaking it is a very, very serious thing. Remember that in many historical civilizations, oathbreaking was taken so seriously it was a *death penalty offense*. I'm not saying that punishment should be brought back or applied to Lauren Hissrich, I'm just bringing it up to stress the moral severity of flouting a promise.
Cite me a definition of sexism from a major dictionary or encyclopedia that allows merely saying words in the abstract, words no one even hears, to qualify.
They never will, that's how you know these are articles of faith, not analytical tools.
But if somebody wants to trade crypto for anime lolis on your shop, YOU'LL deplatform them, right?
https://twitter.com/femfreq/status/960670878118891522?lang=en https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZj1r1wCUx4&amp;t=2054s Feminist Frequency discussing the removal of grid girls (AKA, firing female models) from racing. All that complaining about "choice feminism" is downright chilling. If you believe that, and that seems to be the current social justice orthodoxy, and you argue that the hijab is a valid choice, then you believe that women should be as covered up as feasible "for their own good". As for Sarsour pushing Sharia, what else would you call her repeated attempts to whitewash it, including lying about it? http://clarionproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Linda-Sarsour-tweet-1024-600-1024x600.jpg Never? That's just flatly not true. http://theredelephants.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Sarsour-Sharia-3-1.png Really? You're cheerleading a murderous repressive regime? http://insider.foxnews.com/sites/insider.foxnews.com/files/styles/780/public/sarsour.jpg?itok=A9O7vUV_ Sure sounds like she's trying to sell people on the idea.
I don't think they repeat themselves, I think they go get OTHER Michael to kick this Michael to the curb. Maybe he'd want to redeem himself if Sam shows him just how much shit the world would have gone to if he'd gotten his way.
Oh come on, you know by the time that deal gets called in, Jack will have his powers back and stomp the entity.
Nah, snap escalation has been a thing on this show for ages, they all do it. If anything, I've seen a few memes of them doing it and then Thanos going "hold my beer".
Fear. They can't get control of the narrative back, they can't unring the bell, so they just try to clamp down harder, forgetting always that the more you tighten your grip, the more star systems slip through your fingers. I've theorized for a while that SJWs are collectively going through a population level stages of grief. They had themselves absolutely convinced that they were alive for the end of history, that absolute, permanent political and cultural victory, their rapture-like "right side of history" was maybe one or two election cycles away and inevitable. So they didn't have to pretend to be tolerant anymore, they didn't NEED a big tent anymore, they could just demand and bully and everybody would have to go along with it forever. There were little ripples of a rising backlash against that before GamerGate, but GamerGate was the first HUGE RED FLAG that no, they hadn't won the culture war for all time, and no, they couldn't just do whatever they wanted, and no, they didn't have a monopoly on activism. But they convinced themselves that GamerGate was a blip, a death throe, they just had to keep repeating their narrative and GamerGate wouldn't matter, because they'd be the ones writing the history books about it. So I consider from GamerGate to very early in the Trump Presidency the denial period. All of that "Not MY President!" screeching, all those crazy notions they were floating about the electoral college reversing it or impeaching Trump somehow giving it to Hillary or back when they really thought the Russia investigation was gonna turn up something that would invalidate the result, classic denial. And then you've got the anger stage, which I'd say goes from there to the confirmation of justice Kavanaugh. Antifa nutbars rioting all the time, giant protests and marches that seemed to have no real goal besides expressing general anger, Me Too witch hunting just to have a series of progressively less and less deserving targets to take their rage out on, writing Trump as the villain in EVERYTHING, etc. Kavanaugh dropped the big wake up call on them that just being mindlessly angry and calling people names without evidence wasn't WORKING. It might have been cathartic for them but it wasn't accomplishing anything. He still got in, probably without about the same vote split he'd have gotten anyway. And that brings us to where we are now, which is bargaining. They're now desperately trying to figure out a way to DO SOMETHING, to change the rules, to game the system, that will let them get back into control. I suspect we're gonna be here for a while, and that if Trump gets re-elected, that'll be what triggers the shift to depression.
I don't know what they really think they're accomplishing. It's not like Sargon is going to go away. They can inconvenience him, but he'll just find some other way to make it work, maybe not make AS much money, but still a good living doing what he does.
&gt; Hey Auron if you ever want a tuxedo, check this out: boom. Problem solved. Thank me at your wedding Okay, let's see... \*clicks first link, it's Macy's selling a tux\* Well yes, if I needed a tux you would have just solved my problem with that link, I could easily obtain a tux through that. And if I had two fashion designer uncles willing to hand make me one for free, I would literally only need the picture! &gt; Now if you ever fret over not knowing what kind of tuxedo to wear, or having one that looks the way you want I'll know you've gone neurotic and have started to lose your perception of reality. That would be a little neurotic, yes, this seems relatively easy to solve, much easier than writing a Guardian article about it. &gt; You're saying this based on writing style alone. Writing style and content, as I listed. &gt; If you want to call it "neurotic" fine, but it's about their wedding which prompts me to wonder how politically-convenient it is to make this claim. Multiple people have pointed out to you that she writes in this style even when describing things other than her wedding, it's the lens through which she seems to see her entire love life. &gt; It's about their wedding day. Do you really think this is completely indicative of some measure of insanity? I'm genuinely surprised. You're using being a bridezilla as an excuse for someone who insists she's not a bride, don't you see the irony here? &gt; Although incidentally saying "my brain can see the snowflakery" is fucking desperate in light of this. Nonetheless, since me using pronouns makes you think I'm denying someone's gender identity, I'll try to avoid pronouns altogether to avoid further confusing you. No, it's just demonstrative of the fact that we all mentally code this person as a woman, even without thinking about it. If she's transgender, then what is she transitioning to? Nothing, because she's not transitioning, and apparently has no desire to. Therefore by what metric is she trans? &gt; This is a story a bride wrote about their wedding. You spend thousands and thousands of dollars on this shit. It's harder to argue you're entitled when you bought it. And I've spent thousands of dollars on games and devices for playing them on. I bought that too. &gt; If you really mean that, then this is motivated reasoning. Motivated by *what*? Are you claiming I'm doing the crackers girl thing? If so, against who? I'd never even heard of this person before reading this article, so who do I have a motivation to disparage, and what is that motivation?
Salivating over the prospect of holding a population majority and winning elections hardly qualifies as genocide though. Aside from the deranged fantasies of a few college professors, that for the most part IS a conspiracy theory.
Are you fucking for real? They were outnumbered four to one and their opponents jumped them and used mace. They're marines, not superheroes, WTF do you expect them to be able to do?
They're not going from victory to victory, not in the stuff that really counts. Right wing populism is growing, and winning elections all over the world, in places where previously that would have been unthinkable. But okay, I'll see your days of rage and raise you some years of lead. For decades, Italy was plagued by exactly the kind of violence you're describing, but it was coming from both the left AND the right. I can name for you numerous countries that have suffered under fascist governments or military juntas just as you can name communist dictatorships. The kind of behavior you're talking about, purges, state-sponsored terror, mass hysteria and descent into totalitarianism, it's not exclusive to the left OR the right. Much the same philosophical underpinnings of the French revolution guided the American revolution as well, and the American revolution didn't go nuts like that. Mostly the difference was in the fact the situation in France was more extreme, and begat a more extreme reaction. But make no mistake, relative to the Overton window of the time, the founding fathers were solidly on the left, even if the terminology wasn't invented yet. You're doing this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLNhPMQnWu4 You're putting all the evil in the world in your opponents to rationalize an attitude of total war against them. The fact is, political violence, and tacit tolerance of political violence by people making excuses for those they agree with, are not unique to any ideology or any period.
Oh I'm very well aware of that term. But it only applies to transwomen. Tell a lesbian she's required to like a trans dick, and "human sexuality is fluid", so she can learn to like it if she just stops being a bigot. Tell a lesbian she's required to like a cis dick, and she was "born this way" and how dare you suggest otherwise you homophobe.
The chin? I'm pretty sure the proportions of her face are the same as they've always been.
I am so glad I live in the US. Canada has simply become ruled by fiat.
His argument, as far as I can tell, is that he considers it an aberration in that Antifa mistook innocent people for proud boys and jumped *the wrong guys*. At no point does he even slightly dispute that the principle purpose of Antifa and the reason most people join it is to jump ACTUAL proud boys and similar political opponents, and he refuses to condemn the organization. Therefore he is okay with their violent behavior...as long as it's against people he considers deserving.
I am saying that, in the real and practical world, not abstract moral theory, violence is never justifiable purely on the basis of *who it is being done to.*
Bullshit. Target, definition: a person, object, or place selected as the aim of an attack. Under my theory, neither selection nor attack is present. Defense cannot be attack, the defender is not the aggressor. Nor does the defender have any discretion or choice (required to meet the definition of selection) in who they are applying defensive violence to, their attacker self-selects.
I would not choose that wording myself, or if I did, I would concede that I was using an incorrect definition of the word "target". Again, the websites in question self-selected by picking the fight. The principle that the entity who struck first did the targeting holds. You are also doing exactly what I predicted you would do, and veering far off topic into unrelated gotchas at the first possible opportunity. You endorse the idea that certain people do not have the right to physical safety at any time, yes or no?
It should say something though how strong the overlap between religion and feminism is, and how similar they sound.
Oh, I just...grabbed the link off KIA, didn't even think about that. https://www.polygon.com/2018/12/17/18141359/lord-of-the-rings-return-of-the-king-eowyn there's the normal version if you prefer.
All they REALLY have to do is not censor anybody. But I suspect this ends up going all the way up the chain until somebody makes an expressly right wing credit card and we end up with two completely parallel internets.
I've said a million times that in politics, you create your own devils far more often than not. Fox News has so much power, far, far too much power, because it has the market cornered, it is essentially the only mainstream option for conservatives so it has them ALL. This is why the deplatforming we're seeing on the internet is never going to work long term, because the same thing will happen. Eventually, the people the mainstream social networks, and now payment processors and so forth up the chain of supply, are trying to silence will create an entire parallel infrastructure, all collected in one place with one voice that all of their combined audiences are listening to. And that will be the Fox News of the internet.
&gt; "inclusive Patreon alternative for LGBTQIA+. White guys welcome, too. :)" Oh that's clever. See now she's made herself almost impossible to deplatform from the start. If she brands it as "for LGBTQIA+", but in reality it's for everyone, then if SJWs go running to stripe or paypal or whoever trying to deplatform her, she can claim they're homophobes trying to chase gay people off the internet, and make the fallout from deplatforming her too severe for them to dare do it. She's beating SJWs at their own identity politics.
&gt; And "historicity" is a goalpost move. You said the article was arguing for historical revisionism. And so it is. I think most of our disagreement, reading your comment as a whole, comes from the fact that I believe you're imposing an unnecessarily binary view of this issue. Something is either 100% accurate or it's historical fiction and thus has no obligations to accuracy. I see it more like the spectrum of hard vs soft sci fi. On the one extreme end, you have outright documentary which aims to reproduce history as exactly as possible, on the other extreme would be something like Wolfenstein, where massive anachronisms, absurd depictions of real people, supernatural elements, and other obvious nonsense is layered liberally over a veneer of reality so thin that it's historical in name only and no mentally sound person over the age of about seven could possibly believe it has or purports to have any truth to it. But between those two poles there is a wide range of how historical a work presents itself as, not just in direct word of god statements from the creators, but in the work itself, and thus how proportionally historical it's reasonable for fans to expect it to be. And when the two are not aligned, I consider there to be historical revisionism. https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MohsScaleOfScienceFictionHardness try applying this to historical instead of scientific accuracy. &gt; How does the article imply that being inaccurate is morally right? Because of the conclusion? Where it says Kassandra isn't trying to be historically accurate foremost, it's just what Ubisoft wanted to make? That is one part, but there is also the derision directed at Kingdom Come's historical accuracy, and the implication that an accurate depiction is not "getting history right", because political correctness should be a higher priority. Taken together, those statements seem to suggest that depicting history as it actually was is misguided, and prefer presenting it in a more utopian light. &gt; The article says that Kingdom Come's version of history is political, because even though its depiction is based in fact, it still views medieval Europe through a political lens, and it excludes a lot of things that very well may have been present in the Holy Roman Empire. Do you disagree? In context, yes. Because again, what was taken as the big political controversy about Kingdom Come? Vavra's refusal to add token black people on command. But that's not political, it's just sticking to the known truth and refusing to revise. Surely many things about the game are political, but that's not one of them, and that's the thing people made contentious about its historical accuracy, so reasonable to take as what the article is referring to. &gt; So my argument was that political =/= bad, but incidentally even if you did read off a list of facts... Which facts do you choose? Which do you exclude? In what order do you read them? How do you contextualize them? Plus, there's the fact that "politics is bad" is a political belief. This is why I think it's kind of inescapable. This is the "implicit bias" argument though! This sort of reasoning is attempting to blur the line between what a person actually argues or affirms, and what they purportedly reveal about themselves subconsciously. But the flaw in that thinking is that any information gained that way is as subject if not more to the biases of the person attempting to draw conclusions from it as the biases of the person accidentally giving it away. There isn't even necessarily an actual BELIEF behind it very often, at least not one held at a conscious level, and frequently not one the person would agree with if the question was put to them at a conscious level. That's why I attack it as an overbroad definition.
&gt; I have a real problem with expanding the definition of "historical revisionism" to include "historical fiction that isn't authentic enough." It's a good thing then that I'm not arguing for doing that. I'm arguing for including "historical fiction that purports to be more historical than it actually is with intent to mislead" under the definition. It's not always possible to know with certainty whether a given work falls in this category, as is the case with any attempt to assess someone's intentions from a distance, but right now we are discussing a definition in the abstract, once we can at least agree on that, THEN we can get to what practical examples might or might not fall under it. &gt; So do games have a real-world impact on people or no? Of course they can. It's just probably not the sort of impact Sarkeesian or Thompson think. If I told you to go commit a mass shooting, or a rape, or any other form of behavior you know to be grossly antisocial and wrong, you wouldn't do it, because weighed against my urgings, you would have an entire lifetime of societal norms and moral frameworks telling you not to. But if I told you something false about a subject where you have little existing knowledge, you might come away from our conversation believing misinformation. The same is true with media, it's very possible for media, like any information passed between one person and another, to convince someone of factually incorrect information. It's much, much harder, to the point of being exceedingly unlikely to happen by accident (exceedingly unlikely is not impossible, but it's unreasonable to build policy or moral norms around extreme and unpredictable edge cases), for media...again, like any other information passed from one person to another...to override our existing sense of conscience and persuade mentally sound adults to do things they would otherwise know to be wrong. Sarkeesian and others like her claim this is not so, and insist that media can, without even trying, persuade us on levels we're not even aware of, and bypass those conscious safeguards, but they have consistently failed to produce any reliable body of evidence supporting this claim. &gt; If the audience knows a game is fiction then the onus is on them for taking the fictional game as a source of historical fact. This argument is just weird. Honestly it feels like the precursor for some Ministry of Truth shit. To explain this I'll turn to one of those one in a million examples of a piece of media that DID cause antisocial behavior, almost certainly without intending to: Jaws. We all know that Jaws is a work of fiction, not a documentary about the behavior of sharks. But its causal relationship with a massive amount of misinformation about sharks, and consequently with people KILLING sharks...behavior they would probably otherwise recognize as wrong because it's helped put several kinds of shark on the endangered species list...is almost indisputable. Because while Spielberg probably didn't set out to create a work of propaganda, I don't think he could have done a better job making Birth of a Nation for fish if he'd been trying. We know this is an edge case because a thousand different creature films since have aped Jaws, and none have replicated its cultural impact, but it's still a stark example of how a piece of media can convince people of misinformation, even when they know it's fictional. Cultivation theory IS valid, but remember that Gerbner and Gross failed to establish the "second-order cultivated effects" that are crucial to the assertions of Sarkeesian-esque reasoning. &gt; You keep saying this but I really do not see it. They say Kassandra isn't historically accurate, not that this is somehow morally good. You don't see this in the leading question about whether a correct depiction of history or a politically convenient one is "getting history right"? It seems plain from the argument's use of snarl and purr words that the reader is meant to conclude the politically convenient depiction is right. &gt; If one piece of evidence Vavra found was "there were no black people in Bohemia" you'd have a point, but as you yourself acknowledge, there were likely black people in Bohemia as merchants. In major cities and along established trade routes, yes. Not in places far from where merchants would have any reason to go. And in fact, in the game, you can overhear NPC dialog in which an NPC who had recently been to Prague talks about having seen black people, who to him looked strange and wondrous. &gt; You go even further than that, as if you think the lack of evidence provides evidence to the contrary in spite of the fact black people were clearly present in the HRE at the time. That's not how this type of inquiry works. This is, again, the God of the gaps argument. "What if they were there but somehow there are absolutely no records, no archaeological evidence, etc?" This could be said of anything. &gt; I didn't say he wasn't. And doing that is not political. He is not acting according to biases, hell, he's excluding whatever biases he may hold from the process entirely by hiring experts and going off what THEY tell him is true. &gt; Both, and yes that is correct. Again, where's the flaw in this reasoning? So you agree that any conclusion drawn from this is inherently unreliable, but you don't understand where there's a flaw in it? &gt; "best available knowledge" is not something you can pull off a database somewhere. There are judgment calls and educated guesses made by historians based on what we know. There's bias. You're just passing the buck. But not YOUR bias, so YOU are not doing anything political. There needs to be a "banana equivalent dose" standard for politics here. Because the way you're arguing that everything is political is akin to saying that everything is radioactive. It may be true, but in the overwhelming majority of cases it's true only in trace amounts that have no measurable impact on a person. Once you start getting into politics that aren't even the politics of the person creating the work, but can be the politics of people at multiple degrees of separation with everybody in between working off of best available knowledge pursuant to honest inquiry, you're talking about trace amounts of politics.
It always seemed very strange to me how randomly big a deal this guy's death seemed to be. He was nobody I'd ever heard of until he died. The Saudi regime does horrible, murderous things ever week. Journalists disappear or get murdered in authoritarian countries on a regular basis. Why him? What made him special? Why was there this massive pressure for the US to do something about this event that had not happened in the US and had nothing to do with the US? At first I thought it was just a political trick for the midterms. A catch 22 for Trump. If he doesn't do anything, how dare he ignore the murder of journalists, if he DOES do something, why is he singling out a Muslim country? But this shit didn't STOP after the midterms. It's unreal. And then Time makes him person of the year as like a symbol for all journalists? Journalists decide that journalists are the people of the year, the ego... They really DO think that they're like a feudal estate, apart from the rest of us common folk.
Sexual dimorphism is sexism, according to them.
Well they're not WRONG....
That's pretty damn bad.
(Censorship action +2, nerd culture +2) What the hell is going on? It feels like suddenly all of silicon valley is on a giant porn purge, and with ArtStation, it's not SJWs, they're as angry about what Tumblr did as we are, and you can't even blame FOSTA/SESTA for it, they don't say anything about adult ART. Why is there this sudden, clearly coordinated effort to completely scrub nudity from the public-facing internet?
I just wish that were how things were allowed to work. I have enough faith in humanity to think that most people don't want to LISTEN to racist rants, and no platforming wrongthinkers isn't necessary to save society somehow. Let people decide on their own who's merely ideologically dissenting and who's actually horrible, and even if they have a platform the horrible people will be speaking to empty rooms or just quarantining themselves into echo chambers with a few other horrible people. I don't know why so much of the modern left seems to think that if they allow an open marketplace of ideas, the worst ideas will win, when all they seem to do is create a self-fulfilling prophecy by making those ideas forbidden fruit.
In these people's minds, rape means sex + power dynamics of any kind, real or perceived.
&gt; With me, it's this. At least, I have a low opinion of their ability to examine ideas carefully and think critically. Not all of my fellow human beings, but a sufficiently large proportion. And sadly, this low opinion is often reinforced. If this is the case though, then how come the arc of history bends towards justice? And how come relatively speaking it's been bending a whole lot faster towards justice since the enlightenment and, with it, the concept of free speech? I just don't see it. The overwhelming majority of racists (and I mean that in the classic sense, people who consciously espouse racial superiority) seem to be desperate, pathetic people looking for any ideology to tell them their failures aren't their own fault. And sometimes their failures genuinely AREN'T their own fault (say, for example, working class people ruined by the fallout of the 2008 financial crisis), but rather than affix the blame properly and accept that rectifying the problem requires confronting the dauntingly powerful (in this case, banksters), they look for, or are easily convinced to transfer blame to, a weaker target (in this case, often immigrants) so they feel like they can do something about their situation. But take away the desperation, take away the FEAR, and very few people think like that. All my life, at least in the US, I've felt like as much of a cultural tumor as it's always been for this country, we just about had racism licked. I mean, sure, racists still existed, but the broader cultural norms had completely turned against them. And fascism? Unthinkable. It's only our own miscalculation as lefties, one I've been warning about for years, that's allowed these ideas to creep a toe back into the Overton window: we started broadening and weaponizing the concepts. False positives ran rampant, the meaning and therefore stigma of the terms got watered down, and this enabled some of the real thing to start sneaking into mainstream discourse among the ranks of the wrongly accused.
It was a pretty impressive game, especially for a piece of eurojank from the Czech Republic. I think it solidly established that the games press wagging their fingers about politics cannot sink an otherwise meritorious game, and that is in itself a win if hopefully other studios learn from it. But it remains an open question if the culture war had anything to do with its success, or if it would have been a breakout hit regardless of whether it got dragged into the fighting. I highly doubt there are anywhere near 1-2 million people willing to drop 60 bucks on something they otherwise wouldn't be interested in JUST to vote with their wallets in favor of Vavra.
This argument is such a stretch Reed Richards couldn't make it. You could ascribe this meaning to the entire Lovecraftian subgenre of horror, which usually involves monsters that will break your mind if you see them. But Lovecraft was a well known racist himself, so I very much doubt that was his intent.
What kind of nut do you have to be to feel such revulsion at the idea of a woman who doesn't automatically hate anything meant to appeal to men? While being a man yourself?
Heh, agreed. That's the one big limitation on it that I see as reasonable. Don't try to silence someone else, then whine when they turn it around on you. If you hit first, the other guy's just defending themselves.
To people who sincerely want to defend it, it has to. Their shitty motives doesn't mean you can say "free speech for everyone BUT THEM" and still be fighting for free speech.
I support your right to use your free speech to attempt to convince me to do something I think is a terrible idea. I'm not actually gonna DO IT, but neither do I think it would be justified to censor you so that you can't try and talk me into it.
No, it plainly isn't, and I'm plainly not. I mean, SAYING it would be, but your free speech doesn't cover what I do to myself and my own money. I'd say you've lost the plot at this point, but I don't think you ever actually had it. I still don't think we ever managed to be arguing about remotely the same thing in this entire conversation, and this time I'm pretty sure I'm not the one at fault for that.
"Citations" as in "I read some articles and agreed with them", or "citations" as in "I did an experiment and here are the results"? If there's one thing I'm really sick of it's people publishing what are essentially opinion pieces in what purport to be scientific journals.
They make some people feel bad. That's called insecurity. Which people can't always help, but should work on rather than trying to take away what other people love.
Yes, well, if you believe in a secret cabal of Jewish bankers who are so rich and powerful nobody ever heard of them, and you're sure that's what someone's talking about when they complain about bankers in general...I'm pretty sure YOU are the antisemite, not THEM.
https://twitter.com/RealSexyCyborg/status/1079354497485352960 "prioritize white feelings"? She can be a bit of an SJW herself, she's even creating a patreon alternative with an identity slant https://www.sther.co/ though I'm not sure if she actually intends to enforce it, or has just created a clever way to protect herself from deplatforming by making banning her site look like discrimination.
Binge-read all the scripts in like three days (and am now desperate for more), wow, just WOW. I really feel like I've found the ACTUAL season 8 scripts, the ones that were stolen and replaced with a prank version that they accidentally filmed. You capture the characters and the tone of the show so well. Jon is dour without being a monosyllabic robot, Dany is powerful without being a megalomaniac, Sansa is cunning without being a meangirl, and she and Arya are written believably as people who've been through terrible trauma and learned some unhealthy behaviors as coping mechanisms that they need to heal from, and are healing from. Tyrion is wise and clever again, Varys remembered how to scheme, they are actually doing their jobs as advisors and helping their queen. Everybody feels like themselves again. I swear I read it all in my head in the actors' voices, and the scenes film themselves in my mind. The politics and subtle discussion of human nature is back! The battle strategies make sense again! Dragonfire melts things instead of causing them to spontaneously explode! You didn't "kinda forget about" half the established lore! I really needed this after the clusterfuck that actually got produced, so thank you so much for doing it. To me, this is the real canon now, and I don't say that lightly. One loose end though. Do you intend to explain why Longclaw disintegrated when it stabbed a dragon? I don't expect spoilers if you do, but that seemed like a significant thing to suddenly have happen, then nobody mentioned it again or seemed to care.
The mother of dragons does nothing by accident.
Yes, because Godzilla IS a very big, green monster who's there because he's cool. He's NOT a symbol of American fascism, he's not even fucking American!
So what you're saying is Epic are a bunch of [MAPs?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfEgDiRe7_I)
By their standards? No, it wasn't rape. What makes Ramsay so evil is that he does things that are understood to be terrible even by the standards of the fucked up world he lives in. Flaying people alive is not considered okay by their society. Hunting women like animals and feeding them to your dogs is not considered okay by their society. Ramsay himself is a product of rape, and Roose KNOWS that what he did to Ramsay's mother was rape, that he had no right to and it was wrong, he just doesn't CARE.
Dany crucifying the masters. Tyrion tells us that should have been a sign of her being unstable, but how could it have been? They deserved punishment for what they did, what they did was appalling. But there was nobody to mete out that punishment except Dany herself. Expecting her not to do it is expecting her to think in modern-like terms where there are courts and an impartial justice systems to handle such matters, and people are expected not to take the law into her own hands. But that's not her world. In her world, in that situation, she WAS the law, the only law.
They've said Dany has stockholm syndrome? Quote that.
So basically, Arya's character arc is a tumblr blog. Sorry, I had to.
Lol, she did breakfast at tiffany's, in front of live audiences on stage. I don't think she's an easy person to make feel awkward, especially not about that.
I hope he doesn't call it something generic and then sue someone in a totally different market sector for using the same generic word...&lt;.&lt;
I certainly will not!
And how do you know that it's not a chromosomal disorder? How do you know that the chromosomes are the part of the body that is "right" and the brain structure is the part of the body that is "wrong" and not the other way around? You don't, you can't, unless you invoke God or souls there is no way to prove this, and moreover, what we attempt to treat is the body, not the brain, because that's what we can to some extent correct. So what makes it a mental illness rather than just an illness?
are you familiar with the theory of consciousness as an emergent property of the brain?
To be fair, I'm not sure she could get him to do anything. Unless somebody invents the megaphone in westeros soon, I don't think he'll even be able to hear her yelling "Dracarys!" from his back.
Yet somehow Dany could do a much more complicated one after her stylist died. I guess they kinda forgot.
Looking hot! I hope your date doesn't stab you! Unless it's the OTHER kind of stabbing, maybe. ;)
The problem with Tywin is that he couldn't recognize that he had everything he wanted in an heir, it was just split between three people. And if he'd loved them and taught them to love each other, his legacy would have been ensured.
Let's say that literally everybody did it, hypothetically. TV's business model would change, away from a "subscribe first for content you'll see in the future that may or may not be any good", probably to some sort of "preview and then buy in for more" system.
We're still pretty shy about actually displaying the genitals in anything that's not porn. Like, you see quite a few women's pubic hair, but how many situations where you can actually make out the vagina proper?
Is it possible to FIND the unaired pilot anywhere? I've always wanted to watch it.
Great work, but you colored the ice way too far down. If that much of the ocean froze during winter, this planet would be fully in an ice age.
If authority could be described as a sound, it would be the sound of his voice. It's incredible how he could do such abjectly evil things, and rationalize them so well you found yourself wondering if he was right. Except when it came to his family, then he was just a jerk.
Krakens at least aren't on the title card.
Movies only? Evelyn Salt, Beatrix Kiddo, Alice, the Angels, Hit Girl, Selene, Cherry Darling, Yu Shu Lien...
This is why you shit, and THEN you shower.
Just imagine what she can DO with those lips.
And had Loras been born a Dornishman, his life might have been very different.
He played the character once, then reprised the role 30 years later. That's hardly spending 30 years on a character.
The earlier Targs had saddles like that too.
Facts and logic wins in the long term, deplatforming creates martyrs and mystique around bad ideas (milkshaking did not help stop Nigel Farage, it was an abject failure). At the end of the day, this question is about one's view of human nature. Do you believe people are fundamentally decent and reasonable (and thus, that if given all the information, most people will make good choices on their own), or do you believe people are fundamentally smallminded and selfish (and thus that they will make the wrong choices unless an authority jams the right ones down their throats)? Most would-be censors believe the latter, though I think often it's just because THEIR ideas are failing in the open market of ideas, and they'd rather blame everyone else than consider if maybe they have bad ideas. Fundamentally, I don't think big societal debates are won or lost, long term, on the basis of needing to convince or silence small minorities of extremely hardheaded people who will not listen to reasonable arguments and evidence because the position they currently hold is a sacred tenet to them. I think that what ultimately matters is who is better at swaying the reachable majority who either don't have particularly strong opinions on the subject, or at least are willing to reconsider if presented with a sufficiently sound argument. And you do that by making the better argument and by doing the PR work to make your argument palatable and catchy. Dry, cold logic alone doesn't always win the day, but you need a logical basis under the window dressing. Acting like a humorless scold doesn't win hearts and minds, acting like you have something to hide CERTAINLY doesn't win hearts and minds, always remember the Tyrion quote about tearing out tongues. The idea that people with powerful platforms can control a narrative is certainly a legitimate issue, and just like a free market can over time transform into an oligarchy unless the government regulates big business, I believe free speech needs referees to KEEP it free, but I don't think you do that by silencing, quite the opposite, I think you disinfect with sunlight and give the more grassroots voices and opinions an open platform on which to rise up and speak back to the powerful. When that happens, I think generally the good grassroots ideas will catch on, and the bad ones will fail. There have to be SOME limits, of course, defamation, open promotion of violence, etc, but even these need to be adjudicated with due process by juries, not applied top down by unaccountable corporate censors who choose whose offenses to punish and whose to ignore.
Maybe...don't take it THAT far....
If you need 10mb up to use this thing, it's not gonna catch on.
Well, in their view...probably. Advisors love weak kings, they always do what their advisors tell them.
Well that's disturbing.
The red doors will slowly open, and then she'll be yanked back and wake up in Volantis.
To be fair, that character was as much Yara as the nutjob burning King's Landing was Dany. Nobody's nonsensical season 8 behavior should really count.
I am out of patience with lawmakers grandstanding about this. Mr. Cruz, unlike the rest of us peons, you have the power to do something about this. You could introduce an online bill of rights or a private right of action to sue for social media censorship as legislation tomorrow if you wanted to. So either fix this problem, or shut up, because nobody buys that you care about something you CAN solve, but WON'T. You just want to milk it for votes.
You'll note that even these creatives, in their internal discussions, talk about being told they can't write what they wanna write as censorship. Even the people doing the potential censoring call it censorship. NOBODY uses this "only the government can censor" reasoning except SJWs trying to dodge having to admit that they're censors.
Yeah but the books don't seem to be going in a direction where she's crazy either.
Well...we're on a video game subreddit. We're here to talk about video games, and video game related issues. Yes, there are bigger problems in the world. But they're not what this community is for, so here I'm gonna discuss stuff that's relevant to the topic, even if it's not the biggest issue ever.
Yes, exactly. As soon as the game came out and people, including anti-SJWs, got their hands on it, they immediately saw that there was no problem and the controversy vanished.
Well I mean yes, of course they are. I can find you as many examples as you like of journalists being douchenozzles and picking fights with gamers on twitter. And you, I'm sure, can find as many examples as I like of the reverse. But I think that's slightly off topic because I thought we were talking about how feminism, as an overall movement, has engaged with the gaming space. And it hasn't done so very well. Anita Sarkeesian is not a good ambassador for feminism, but she and her style of critique have been presented to gaming (largely by the games press) as authoritative, and other, more liberal, more individualistic, more sex-positive forms of feminism have been marginalized. And she and her adherents have a marked tendency to meet anyone or anything that isn't in compliance with their ideology with great hostility. So that's the face of feminism that most gamers have seen, and associate with the overall movement. Of course they have a bad impression.
Anita was signal boosted years before GamerGate existed. Gamers are not a political movement, gamers are a category of hobbyists. There is no overall organizing structure or articulable belief system that unites all gamers besides that we enjoy games. There wasn't anybody among gamers who could have done anything to stop the people who dogpiled Anita's kickstarter in 2012. There was nobody who could speak for gamers as a whole and formally denounce it. Here's the thing though: tons of people on the internet get trolled, some a lot worse than Sarkeesian did. It was the media that made a decision to give the amount of focus and attention they did to the fact that she in particular got trolled. They picked her as a standard bearer for feminism in gaming because her victimhood story made her sympathetic. She was pedestaled for what HAPPENED TO HER, not because of the quality of her ideas. Ironically the woman most famous for hating damsels in distress was treated as one, and allowed herself to be.
Jesus Christ dude. No, the world would *obviously* not be a better place if almost all journalists suddenly died. Governments would suddenly feel completely unaccountable, there would be no one to speak truth to power, and we would end up with some shitty dystopia.
I don't think you understand what a strawman argument is. You have to mischaracterize someone else's argument to make one of those. My premise did not rely on any attempt to characterize an opposing argument. So no, it wasn't a strawman.
The existence of an energy crisis is not really political though. I mean it's not like climate change, nobody DISPUTES that there is an energy crisis. In a typical election you might hear the Republican saying we need to fix it by deregulating the oil industry and allowing more offshore drilling, and the Democrat saying we need to fix it by building more wind and solar farms, but *that the energy crisis exists* is something accepted as fact by virtually everyone. And none of the solutions currently on the table bear even passing resemblance to tearing open a portal to hell and powering our civilization with the raw substance of evil. You have to bend so far over backwards and play so much six degrees of Kevin Bacon to see any kind of commentary in this story on anything real world people are ACTUALLY doing that it becomes meaningless, because somebody can connect just as many dots and conclude the message is something totally opposite.
Imagine the media response if EVS published a comic book where a superhero attacked the Young Turks.
I'm sorry, but this all started with Anita Sarkeesian. She is the genesis point of the gaming culture war. She wanted to beat her drum on the political issues here, and that was two years before GamerGate. Other people reacted TO HER and to the other activists who followed her.
Well of course, to the likes of retardera, she's a poor brainwashed Japanese woman who doesn't know what's best for her because she's internalized the power of the patriarchy, and needs to be told what she can like by woke social justice overlords for her own good.
Well she's Tifa. She's still very much recognizable and not fucked up like Battletoads did the Dark Queen. Her original proportions were all over the place. It was not consistent. The "walking around model" and the FMV had almost comically huge tits. Like bigger than Ivy. The walking around model, you can just say yeah that was low poly, the FMV version...I dunno. But her model in combat and the actual character art for her were still busty but less extreme. This model is mostly in line with the latter. Maybe a little smaller, but certainly bigger than Advent Children. She's showing more midriff but less leg, though one can't really complain about thigh highs. I don't like the black undershirt. It's not that it's especially covering anything more than her original look did, it's just ugly. I hope they uhh....take a second look at that design choice between now and release. But all in all I can't complain, it looks like Tifa, brought into line with the remake's art style. There's nothing about it I can really attribute to censorship.
That's a fair point, but only because in my more extreme example, behavior that would ordinarily be a crime is involved. Most non-criminal behaviors, however, even if someone might potentially be reasonably offended by them in certain circumstances, operate on a paradigm where it's okay to ask for forgiveness rather than permission.
Do you have those measures? That would be useful. Edit: I looked it up, no cup size measurement, and we don't have a point of scale to go by to actually try and measure her pixel by pixel.
https://techraptor.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/final-fantasy-vii-remake-trailer-tifa-and-cloud-902x507.jpg She's as tall as Cloud. And that shot is everything. But yeah, Liana says it looks to her like same boobs, but in a sports bra. And...she WOULD KNOW. So if it passes muster with the expert it's good enough for me.
Josephine you fucked with the wrooooooong body.
Ask them how they feel about "family values". If they tell you it's bad, demand they defend their monstrous opinion that families shouldn't be allowed to have any values. When they argue that "family values" is a political brand name, and it signifies a set of beliefs a lot more complicated and controversial than simply the literal meaning of the two words, say "yeah, exactly, same for social justice".
You called the cops?! How do they not realize that the police can't and won't do anything about shit that isn't illegal?
&gt; I want an argument, just not about the particularities of methodology with people likely without the experience in the field to critique those particularities correctly. If you're one dude on the internet disagreeing with a peer-reviewed source, I'm more willing to believe that it's you not understanding the statistical or rhetorical conventions of the field than the paper being wrong. It may not be WRONG, I'm not saying they falsified data, I'm saying that showing sexy pictures to less than 100 people and recording that they are better at recognizing upside down pictures of women than men is virtually meaningless as a predictor of real world behavior. There doesn't even seem to have been a control group who were shown non-sexualized pictures. For all we know people are just better at recognizing women than men when they're upside down, which has nothing to do with sexual objectification. And nerfviking has already shown you studies that have gotten opposite results and suggested that showing people sexualized images of women makes them LESS sexist, so there's no consistency here. &gt; You can read the abstract though right? Usually that's provided for free. It has pretty much everything you need to know. The one about showing people upside down pictures I could read the abstract and like one paragraph of the method, anything from Georgia Tech is just a login screen. &gt; If "because he's scowling" is seriously your take, then I doubt your capacity to genuinely engage with these critiques. Men in MMA outfits are sexually objectified just as a woman in a MMA sports bra wouldn't be either. That doesn't mean they aren't sexual fantasies, or that people don't get sexual gratification from watching the gender they are attracted to do combat sports in appropriate attire, whether in the real world or in video game characters. You are also ignoring the point that she's claimed an axiom and shown one picture. And far more damningly, after picking sexy female costumes from Resident Evil Revelations, and complaining of the non-sexual options for male characters, she totally ignored [sexy sailor Chris](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/fa/29/72/fa29725248ce01f84b375d47148071f8.jpg). That's not an oversight, that's deliberate cherrypicking. &gt; But not equally. Female characters more often depicted as sexualized to a male audience than vice versa And more men than women play these games. Even when games have offered 50/50 parity, even major, major games like Overwatch, the gap is still enormous. Men and women do not enjoy the same genres and mediums of entertainment at the same rates of participation, and the content of that media reflects that. When there's a bikini-clad woman's torso on half the covers of romance novels, then Anita can demand 50/50 fanservice in games. Until then she has no case. But even so, there are far more examples of sexualized male characters than she gives games credit for, it may not be 50/50 but it's significant, and she still cherrypicks to avoid acknowledging it. &gt; and when women are sexualized, it's usually in a way that strips them of agency and status. This part of the argument however makes NO sense, and neither she nor you have offered any goalposts for how some sexy costumes strip more "agency and status" than others. &gt; But the term is perfectly appropriate here. "Bodies" as it's used here means a person who's been stripped of agency and potentially clothing. Of course it's meant to be negative; she doesn't like that it's happening. And yet I produced you pages and pages of proof from google results that the term "desecrating a body" is almost always used in reference to the dead. You are ignoring half of the phrase she used to minimize the bad faith in it. &gt; I'm not sure what "acting in bad faith" would mean in this context. She might under-explain, but I don't think that she deliberately misinterprets. Well I fucking do. There's only so many times you get to tell half-truths before reasonable people conclude you're doing it on purpose. &gt; But you can't prove anything without an analytical framework with which you can guide your investigation. And when dealing within the context of literature and media, these constructs, regardless of their sociological impact are well-understood. Maybe by people who agree with all of your politics. But no, I don't think a lot of these analytical constructs are sound, a LOT of people don't. I think they're the constructs that produce the results the academics using them want to see. &gt; I think you misunderstand, these descriptive assertions are things like the pay gap, the percent of women in hardcore games or roles of power, rape statistics, etc. None of these things have anything to do with gaze theory. There is nothing that is descriptively provable that says the conclusions of gaze theory must be true, and therefore can be worked backwards from to make a framework that fits them. The conclusions of gaze theory are something feminists need to prove, and haven't.
&gt; But we can't really create studies that directly test real world behavior. Yes we can! It's not EASY, but it can be DONE. The Milgram experiment, the Stanford prison experiment, many of the studies that REALLY mattered were of this nature. And yes, they're costly and time consuming and difficult to devise and set up, but it's possible. &gt; And I him showing the opposite of that. We can go back and forth on this, but the reality is that psychological studies don't come out with grand slams. If you realize this, then don't present a couple small studies and act like they're conclusive proof! &gt; The reason I err on the side of feminism here is that 1) women seem to have fewer roles of power in society and 2) proliferation of feminism seems to coincide with more equal outcomes for women 3) the general consensus that I hear in most disciplines sides with more feminist positions. But there are many branches of feminism. This "male gaze" crap belongs to the same school of thought that lost the feminist sex wars in the 80s. It's overrepresented in academia, but it's not what's producing real world positive outcomes for women. I am not an anti-feminist. But I oppose sex-negativity whether it comes from feminists or otherwise. &gt; And even then, the risk of having more nuanced depictions of women in media isn't exactly terrible. If anything, I seems to lead to more rounded, interesting characters, but that's a different argument. But that's not what we get. We just get a different, and more rigidly enforced, cookie cutter. &gt; And again, objectification is different for men and women: First of all, what you're linking here involves social pressures that fall well outside gaze theory. Secondly, stop conflating sexualization with objectification! Objectification has markers, I challenge you to articulate how these sexy costumes satisfy any of Nussbaum's seven criteria for objectification **without relying on statements that would be true of any fictional character just because they're fictional.** &gt; And call me crazy, but I think if we tallied up all the male and female costumes in games, and counted all of the outfits which were sexualized, I'm going to go ahead and say women would end up on top by a good margin. Probably. But I doubt it would exceed the difference in player demographics. Again, when do I get 50/50 fanservice in romance novels? &gt; You're assuming that came first though. Is it possible that because of the way that games were advertised and the way that other social pressures informed women's relationship with technological hobbies made women less likely to play games? If this were true, then we'd be seeing much more change in demographics than we have considering that for fully seven years now since Anita came on the scene, sex appeal designs for female characters have essentially been bulldozed in the western industry, and there has been an active and highly commercialized push to bring in a larger female audience. &gt; And regardless, does catering content towards a demographic necessitate exclusionary sexualization? You know you have to prove that claim that it's exclusionary, right? There's plenty of women who like it. Do you have a population level survey of female gamers? Or are you just running on anecdotal evidence here same as I am? &gt; I'm glad you mentioned Overwatch, because apparently it has twice as many women in it than men: https://nwn.blogs.com/nwn/2017/07/overwatch-female-gamers-quantic-foundry-nick-yee.html That is NOT what that data says. Overwatch has a 16% female playerbase. That's twice THE AVERAGE FOR FPS, but it would still have to more than triple from there to reach 50/50 parity. And it's done basically EVERYTHING a game could possibly do right to attract women, from the character roster to the graphics style to the class options. &gt; It may never get to 50/50. Then the fanservice shouldn't be expected to be 50/50 either. &gt; This is why we have gaze theory to provide a framework to understand it. Yeah, and it's a baseless framework. &gt; Their bodies clearly aren't being depicted in a way that they would want. You don't know that! You're just dogmatically assuming! &gt; Most people don't deliberately dress up in skimpy outfits Tons of people do this, have you ever been to a halloween party? &gt; the people who do are usually perceived as lower status like (in the extremes) a prostitute. And don't you think that gaze theory helps to create a feedback loop itself that perpetuates this stigma? &gt; In common parlance, sure, but I've read enough about "bodies" in feminist and postmodern literature to know this kind of language is common, and contextually appropriate there. You're still only addressing half the phrase she used. I'm not gonna keep responding to this if you keep dodging the desecration part, a term specifically used for the dead. &gt; But her under-explanations aren't obfuscatory. They're true, they just don't contain a full enough argument to convince someone who's already in firm disagreement with her. They absolutely are, see "prostituted women". She's subtly added an implication that the character has been forced into sex work against her will, absent any connotation of that in the game. &gt; Just as your frameworks produce results that you want to see. Academics just have extensive peer-review. You're "men are sexualized too" etc. framework just isn't very compelling. Oh really? Then lets look at some media that caters to a female demographic, you can't just look at games in a vacuum: https://cdn.newsapi.com.au/image/v1/be265d4a68f7e51f49faf77e7c33e8b1 http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/3600000/Winchester-Brothers-Shirtless-sam-winchester-3633418-1024-768.jpg https://i.pinimg.com/originals/21/03/ec/2103ec0b938238b8b69edfee87ad7908.jpg https://mtv.mtvnimages.com/uri/mgid:ao:image:mtv.com:85950?quality=0.8&amp;format=jpg&amp;width=1440&amp;height=810&amp;.jpg The latter example involved a female character deliberately putting her desk in front of the hero's salmon ladder so she could enjoy a show while she worked. &gt; If you want to get pedantic, we can't be certain of anything. Human perception is limited, and our observations will never provide us access to ground truth. What we view as scientific progress is merely endeavoring to maintain a coherent, predictive world view with all we have access to. But we're also supposed to be willing to discard old theories and frameworks when the scientific consensus changes and we realize they're built on sand.
You came to the wrong neighborhood, traitor.
amazing how differently things go when an artist actually stands up for their art!
Of course. The death of the author isn't the birth of the reader, it's the coronation of the critic. It merely transfers the "word of God" power to whatever argument the critical establishment deems authoritative.
She's welcome to demand a fair hearing and opportunity to defend herself. Everyone should be.
No matter how they try to frame it, these people fundamentally believe straight male sexuality is evil, and other people's sexuality isn't. So if a work is by and for a different audience, it's given credit for depth and nuance and what it does is given benefit of the doubt and examined through a lens of complexity. If it's by and for straight men, it's just assumed to have the most simplistically negative possible meaning.
Spite is not a good motive for doing anything, it's not only morally wrong, it inevitably begets a cycle of revenge and pettiness. Squenix seems to be doing exactly what they should do, make what they want to make, guided by the creative urge and good business sense, within the bounds of what promises they have publicly made and solicited money on the basis of, and ignoring attempts to force them to do otherwise. &gt; hulking masses of muscle that sometimes provide folksy wisdom Also...that sounds pretty cool. Like as stereotypes go, this doesn't seem like a bad thing.
He actually did that? Holy shit.
You are going far outside my point, the scope of which is to debunk a claim people make, a claim people are making in this very thread, that is demonstrably false. You are also drastically exaggerating. Oh there's a lizard guy in soul calibur, surely no game would ever feature such an unattractive woman, right? Broodmother says hi. If you wanna argue it's not 50/50 parity, go ahead (but, you know, the audience isn't 50/50 parity either, and the trend reverses in mediums where women are the majority), but don't act like these characters are nonexistent or were nonexistent before Anita Sarkeesian showed up wagging her finger, or like most of the men in games aren't jacked hunks. I'm happy to prove my point with examples, but before I waste time finding them only for you to say "not good enough" out of hand, set a goalpost of how many examples I have to find, at which point you will concede the argument.
Here's the thing: I think this is largely revisionist history. The idea that women in video games were barely a thing, and those that existed all had cantelope boobs and wore bikinis? That's not reality. Such characters EXISTED, but they were never the only way women were shown, or even close. IMO, we've overcorrected DRASTICALLY in the other direction, and basically erased the "straight male escapist fantasy" female characters, at least in the western industry. And I think I can at least loosely prove it with a little exercise: Manon Batiste, medal of honor underground: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/5/58/Medal_of_Honor_-_Underground_Coverart.png Cate Archer, no one lives forever: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8e/Cate_Archer.png Aya Brea, Parasite Eve: https://banner2.kisspng.com/20180618/byy/kisspng-the-3rd-birthday-parasite-eve-series-aya-brea-vide-5b281379e56a17.4711336715293530819397.jpg Samus Aran, various metroid games: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/2/21/Metroidprime3_1.png/220px-Metroidprime3_1.png Sarah Kerrigan, Starcraft: https://d2skuhm0vrry40.cloudfront.net/2017/articles/1/8/9/6/0/0/1/starcrafts-first-patch-in-over-eight-years-fixed-80s-kerrigan-face-149259510733.jpg/EG11/resize/500x-1/quality/75/format/jpg Claire Redfield, Resident Evil 2: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/residentevil/images/2/25/Resident_Evil_2_-_Claire_Redfield_render.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/281?cb=20080812063021 Joanna Dark, Perfect Dark: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/91/Joanna_dark_N64_render.png Faith Connnors, Mirror's Edge: https://i.redd.it/yf8jjq2rwgwy.png Jade, Beyond Good and Evil: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/17/Jade-Beyond_Good_%26_Evil.png/250px-Jade-Beyond_Good_%26_Evil.png Commander Shephard (gender selectable), Mass Effect: https://gomakemeasandwich.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/teresa-alanna.jpg?w=700 Aveline de Grandpre, Assassin's Creed Liberation: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e1/Assassin%27s_Creed_III_Liberation_Cover_Art.jpg Lightning, Final Fantasy 13: https://www.black-leatherjacket.com/image/cache/data/Final-fantasy-13-lightning-vest/final-fantasy-xiii-lightning-jacket-900x900.jpg Chell, Portal: https://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/0/299/234224-portal_chell.jpg Here's a baker's dozen non-sexualized female characters, sensible attire, normal athletic proportions that fit what they're doing, from older games, from before Anita Sarkeesian, before GamerGate, before this stuff was an issue people were arguing about. And to make it deliberately harder on myself, I only used playable characters. I could like triple this from memory if I can use significant NPCs as well, and if you want me to, I will. Now, I wanna see if you can do something similar: try and list ten examples of original female characters from different western, AAA (or at least, significant) games released in the last 5 years, with fanservicey designs on the level of [this](https://img3.goodfon.com/wallpaper/nbig/1/cc/mortak-kombat-9-mk-jade.jpg), I'm fine with playable or narratively significant (to make up for some of the other requirements being more specific), but not throwaway background NPCs. More and bigger games are being made now than ever before, if characters like this were still even reasonably common outside Japan, this metric of mine would be easy to meet. It's just two a year, basically. But I think you'll find you can't do it, even with google. And that's the proof the pendulum has swung too far, because western games have almost utterly stopped serving that escapist fantasy.
You defended me when you thought giving me a pat on the head would bring me around to agreeing with you! The moment that didn't work, you decided I must be evil incarnate! I'm hardly the only person who posts topics on these subject matters, which yes, they're divisive, but they're also important. I'm just doing it from a perspective that you don't agree with, and I'm not easy to sway. Which, again, neither are you, but somehow for you that's okay.
I believe in holding people to their own standards, that's my definition of expecting consistency, not punishing random, uninvolved third parties by holding them to what I consider the standards of wackos.
So blame the media at large for not being able to take jokes, and hold them to that standard. Not people who haven't done it.
Heh, true, but that can get pretty out of hand too. Like the Division and its spongy enemies. I'm sorry, but if I shoot something that looks like a normal human in the head with a rifle I expect it to die, or the game is ridiculous.
To appease groups of people who already hate her and are never gonna stop hating her? What's the value of that? What's the value of pretending neutrality when you'll never be given credit for it by one side regardless?
Say what you really mean, "if you're not with us, then you're against us."
I'm so sick of people on either side looking at history through this simplistic lens of "past = right and future = left".
&gt; Turns out when you put more diversity in your games and catering to a broader range of fantasies, more people spend money! Not always. You can overdo it and alienate people, there's a reason "get woke, go broke" is a slogan, and films like the ghostbusters remake failed. If it seems too political and forced, it tends to annoy people. Here's my issue though with you shrugging this all off as just capitalism at work: it doesn't in practice turn out that the people whose arguments persuade developers, or who make their points by voting with their wallets get their way. Activists skew the equation, the entire games press acts as a giant, insular political clique parroting the same opinions and policing dissent, developers who create content deemed politically incorrect get mobbed on twitter until they're forced to apologize and change it. ResetEra exists as a gigantic, organized intimidation machine that doxxes developers who offend them. That's not persuasion, it's bullying. It's every bit as much a harassment campaign as what happened to Anita Sarkeesian, but because the games press agrees with these people, they never get called out on it in the same way. While when people on the other side try to organize and lobby, try to become activists themselves and use similar tactics, as happened in GamerGate, they get treated as monsters and boogeymen and still talked about like Lord Voldemort years later. There is a massive imbalance of institutional and organizational power here, and as long as that remains the case, you can't just chock these results up to a free market.
Yes, but she also adds braids to her hair after every victory.
The conversation is about whether her boobs have been reduced. If a woman who actually has a similar endowment in real life says that's what the same boobs Tifa's always had would look like under the sports bra she's now wearing, I'll take her word for it because she'd know from personal experience.
DC has honestly mostly fixed itself if you stick to the main superhero line and avoid a few titles like Green Arrow and Batgirl.
Anita always claims that she knows everybody else's motives, specifically their secret evil motives, things she'd have absolutely no way of really verifying, like who Lara Croft's creators originally did and didn't design her to appeal to. Most likely the designers hoped for as much universal appeal as possible. A character men wanted and women wanted to be. Because why WOULD they want to intentionally exclude a potentially sizeable demographic of paying customers? And this is the same woman who, when a creators motives ARE known, and clearly don't support her argument, just says "death of the author, it doesn't matter what you intended, just what I decided to interpret!". Death of the author makes HER readings of works automatically valid, but that privilege is never extended to anyone she disagrees with. And of course, when people make any inferences about ANITA'S motives, even if they're much more reasonable inferences that only require reading slightly between the lines of things she's said rather than being pulled from whole cloth, she claims harassment and her white knights castigate you for putting words in her mouth. But wow, she's just desperate lately huh? Flailing around, trying to insert herself into every topical controversy, hoping for something she can latch onto and milk some more money out of.
Yay, another convert for team gnolls!
I...don't give a shit if a bunch of people want to pretend they're nuns?
Didn't the publisher keep trying to get him to put in nude cheats? I mean don't get me wrong, 12 year old me totally woulda used them, but his character.
Okay, if they're actually registering as a religious order to dodge taxes, that's sketchy, I'll give you that. And there's definitely a certain hilarity in them not realizing that they have dogmas of their own.
"This" is drag, which is a sexualized performance pre-pubescent children should not be participating in.
Keeping with the religion metaphor. This is more explicitly threatening than selling indulgences, though. The catholic church didn't threaten to MAKE UP sins you committed if you didn't pay them.
Not a fetish, a power trip. I definitely believe there are people who indulge in hypocrisy because they like feeling like the rules don't apply to them.
I see both sides here. On the one hand, Musk is absolutely right that it's considered totally normal for people to post whatever art they like on twitter and as long as they don't falsely claim it's their own, crediting is not seen as an obligation, google image search is trivially easy to use, and people find all kinds of art reproduced all over the web and don't necessarily KNOW where the art they're tweeting originally comes from. The mere fact that Musk is a public figure does not impose an additional moral obligation on him here, and I can easily understand a person not wanting to cave when some rando starts making demands of them in an unreasonably entitled tone. But on the other hand, he has millions and millions of followers. The exposure he has the power to give people is very real, a simple mention from someone like him could launch a career. And somebody who's been as amazingly fortunate in their life as him should give back, especially when doing so costs them functionally nothing. The man can be a bit of a brat. The claim that crediting artists on twitter is "destroying the medium" is also an absurd, obviously hyperbolic statement that seems intentionally inflammatory and trollish.
But the orcs WERE smart. The orcs were industrialized, in fall of Gondolin they were even described as using mechanized war machines that sound vaguely like tanks. They were frequently used as a metaphor for the dangers of industrialization and destruction of the environment. But Tolkien always found ways to delegitimize the achievements of the orcs, by presenting them as either perverted knockoff versions of something previously accomplished by some "lost society" of the other races, as something they accomplished by ignoble means involving oppression, violence, and theft of resources, or as "they're only good at creating destructive things, never anything beautiful or positive". This all sounds VERY similar to how extreme SJWs talk about white people, colonialism, cultural appropriation, etc, particularly the nutty sections of black twitter and the like who believe there were secret ancient POC civilizations that white people destroyed, covered up, then plagiarized their technology and claimed to have invented it, after the kind and noble POCs taught us evil cavebeasts how to bathe ourselves. The inability to practice any hygiene on our own sounds like orcs too, also the ways they talk about how we sunburn easier, as though we're somehow vampire-like. Tolkien's orcs hated the sun too.
Keep your politics out of my video games =P (But seriously, it actually sounds cool)
Reading what Steampunk has said, it's obvious his point is "there are kids who make very bad decisions because they're kids, and it's the job of the adults involved not to let them." Yes, there are kids who like to have sex with adults. When I was 11, I had an absolutely gorgeous English teacher, Ms. Wezowicz. Total bombshell, that woman. I had the biggest crush. If she'd decided to seduce me in her office one day after class, I'd have thought I was the luckiest kid on the planet, God knows I fantasized about it. But if such a thing had happened, she'd have ended up in jail and rightly so, because the fact I'd have loved every minute of it wouldn't have changed that it would have been child molestation.
&gt; show me something that's not pulled from nazi clown propaganda I'm sorry but you realize this is a catch 22, right? It gives the mainstream press the power to say "we will intentionally neglect to cover this, and when only our opponents cover it, we will point to how partisan they're being". Either say you think those pictures I showed you are shopped, offer a plausible "broader context" that would make their contents innocent, or accept and outright say THEY GO TOO FAR. &gt; kids aren't harmed by seeing a dildo. WTF? You've been posting in a circlejerk sub for too long. The Manception I remember didn't move goalposts or mince words, and wasn't afraid to say "too far" on his own side.
&gt; Doesn't that kind of depend on mind reading? How do you know that's what they're wearing it for? Because what the hell else is the point? &gt; You get really vague around this topic, lots of phrases like, "shit like this" but little said about what makes something "like this" in order to establish any actual standards. What am I supposed to do? Write up a list of formally unacceptable articles of clothing? At some point you have to eyeball the outfit and use sensible judgement as to its purpose. You always expect me to be able to articulate so much detail no human judgement will ever be needed, but you can't and when I challenge you to you peace out. Why am I held to this standard of specificity you yourself can't or won't meet?
Sure, you can give me the gist of it, I can and do give you the gist of a lot of things. You don't accept the gist from me, you want zero subjectivity, you want something so ironclad and universally true that you can't find a single nitpick or vagary. You essentially want me to be able to write laws so perfect we wouldn't even need judges to interpret them. And nobody can do that. You can't do that. Like okay, where in your "gist" is the line? There's no way to literally tell the same story in a longer and more fleshed out way. Some things will be different. They'll be changed to make them less rushed, to make them make more sense. Like okay, let's say we "tell the story in a way that makes more sense", by getting rid Euron's ability to 360noscope with ballistas functioning in a way that violates the laws of physics. Rhaegal still dies but he dies in some other circumstance that's more logical. Have we changed how the story was told or did we tell a different story? What if we give Jon back the ability to to say more than "shezmakween" and "Ahdunwanit" and have him engaging in meaningful dialogue again? Other characters then say different things in response, scenes are different, motivations established by those scenes are different. The story being told has changed. And if you stretch out Dany's descent, you're DEFINITELY changing what story is told, for one thing because she's gonna have to sit on the throne and rule, so you can show her ruling BADLY, and thus avoid the illogical hypocrisy of other characters condemning her for doing exactly the same thing Aegon the Conqueror is in the history books as a great man for doing. Hell, the argument "Euron Greyjoy is OP and implausibly lucky" and the argument "Rey is a Mary Sue", are pretty much the same thing! There's always gonna be some overlap and wiggle room with these concepts, because how you tell the story is PART OF what the story is. So sure, you can give me the gist, you can articulate what you mean well enough that a reasonable person can take your general point. But you can't define this in a way that has absolutely no room to quibble with or poke holes or look for "hidden assumptions". So stop demanding that I be able to!
"We're not asking for hard quotas!" Funny how they always say they're not asking for the things they end up getting.
Buzzfeed covers it to defend it. I notice they don't host the video where grown men are throwing dollar bills at him while he dances on stage ripping off breakaway articles of clothing. There is no way I'm going to believe you simply don't see the stripper connotations in that.
Honestly this is something you always have to deal with in shows like this. People in this kind of setting would not have perfect teeth, perfect skin, people who've been living on near-starvation portions of algea and shit for years aren't gonna look anything like they look, or have anything close to their physical abilities. But they have to get people to actually watch the show and enjoy the fantasy.
Same level of subjectivity, sure. That doesn't mean the same things qualify as sexualized for children and adults. Because the adult human body has a certain base level of sexuality that is normal. Children do not.
Wearing a padded bra would be a good example. A woman might just be self-conscious. A child is not supposed to HAVE boobs.
As long as we continue to use it interchangeably with hypersexualized, no. It connotes an unreasonable or unnatural degree of sexuality. That's a very low bar for a child, a considerably higher one for an adult.
Or the way it's actually used in practice in these conversations, which is to connote, as I said, an unreasonable or unnatural level of sexuality. Do you dispute that's the common usage of the term?
Remember when Bernie Sanders WAS the cause de jour for evil sexist "Bernie Bros"? I guess that went right down the memory hole.
We should all frankly be more than a little worried if game developers are starting to have special departments that act as euphemistically named censor's offices, with which creative products have to pass muster. Calling it the "ethics department" is no different than calling it the "broadcast standards and practices" department, and we're really one industry conference where reps from different companies sit down and compare notes on their respective rules away from this essentially being the Comics Code Authority for video games. It's even the same rules, "Females shall be drawn realistically without exaggeration of any physical qualities." And when we all agreed to compromise in the 90s with having the ESRB and a rating system, this kind of thing is exactly what we were all looking to avoid. And funny thing, for the last seven years, various people who've been complaining about "sexism in gaming" have said over and over that they're not trying to establish anything like this, they're not advocating censorship, their critics are paranoid to think that and putting words in their mouths. And then when it happens, the same people who were scoffing at the idea of it never seem to speak up and tell the companies not to do it because that's not what they were advocating. At some point we have to judge them by the results they make happen in practice, rather than the results they claim to want.
You did this to yourself Anita. You complain about every character, so they're just opting out of making characters entirely and replacing them with blank slates.
&gt; SE is more looking at cultural changes as a whole, not morality and standards. This is an entirely semantic argument. Calling it "culture" instead of "morals" doesn't change what it is, or change that it's imposing rules that could be direct quotes from the CCA. &gt; Publishers are now bound by contract thanks to government intervention to follow these standards. WTF are you talking about? No they're not. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entertainment_Software_Rating_Board &gt; The ESRB ratings system is enforced via the **voluntary leverage** of the North American video game and retail industries; most stores require customers to present photo identification when purchasing games carrying the ESRB's highest age ratings, and do not stock games which have not been rated. Additionally, major console manufacturers will not license games for their systems unless they carry ESRB ratings, while console manufacturers and most stores will refuse to stock games that the ESRB has rated as being appropriate for adults only. **The ESRB ratings system is not enforced under federal laws in any of the countries where it is actively used**, although it is enforced under provincial laws in some regions of Canada. I guess in Canada you'd have a point, but I don't think we're principally talking about Canada here.
Citing a different wikipedia page does not get you out of this theory having markers and objective, measurable qualifications. Objectification, sexual or otherwise, is objectification. The page I linked specifically describes the page YOU linked as a SUBSET of objectification, and the page you linked references Martha Nussbaum for further reading! So which markers does Tifa meet? Because "having big boobs" isn't one of them. "Not wearing much clothing" isn't one of them. "Being part of a love story" isn't one of them. I mean have you really thought about what you're suggesting here? Because the implication is that if a woman is sufficiently sexy, then that's ALL she is, her other qualities no longer matter, she's JUST her looks and therefore an object, and women's looks must be downplayed to keep them below this threshold. That's not healthy, let alone progressive, thinking! That's a Madonna/whore complex! That's not how most people feel. Tifa can be BOTH an action hero AND a knockout.
Okay so we have contradictory sources. But you still haven't produced any proof of your claim that the government mandates ESRB ratings for retail sale. "They all do it" doesn't mean it's legally obligatory.
&gt; Look dude, I think I'm done here after this post because I don't really see you as arguing in good faith Good faith means arguing what you sincerely believe. What have I said that you don't think I believe, and what's your proof of that besides "hurr durr you post on X"? I am completely sincere about everything I am saying. If all I really wanted was to see boobs, why would I be fighting about this and not just looking up some porn? What sense would that make? What can I do to prove to you that I believe my own claims? That doesn't mean you have to agree with them, but you should at least accept that I mean what I say. &gt; I brought up my degree, not as a form of credentialism, but rather to allude to an entire body of literature I know you're aware of, that doesn't grossly simplify sexual objectification to an easy litmus test. No, you brought it up to say "I'm the expert, I know better, take my word for it PLEB!" Otherwise instead of saying "I have credentials" you would have said "yes but in the feminine mystique, Friedan argued XYZ that refutes what you just said" or whatever. Declaring that you're an expert who knows better, without actually arguing what you allegedly know that's better, is PURE credentialism. &gt; Women are worthy of respect regardless of bust size or how much they flaunt it Then stop arguing that Tifa has to reduce and cover up to be respectful. &gt; no matter any incidental good it did. This is always the fallacious argument that gets made here. "Incidental" good. You don't know this! You don't know the motives of the author on this subject! And before you say "well it's just common sense that it was meant to be sexy", people can and do do things FOR MORE THAN ONE REASON! Also, are authors dead or not? Cuz all of the critical theories and analytical lenses that you're using in this argument presume death of the author. You can't say they're dead when it's convenient and then argue author intent to dismiss "incidental" goods. If authors are dead then that good, incidental or not, is a valid reading of the work. &gt; in a society that wasn't sexist, Tifa's depiction wouldn't have the kind of context that makes it problematic. This is circular logic! You're arguing your conclusion as proof of your conclusion! Tifa's design contributes to sexism in gaming because gaming is sexist and that contextualizes Tifa's design, that's unfalsifiable! &gt; Because Tifa is a fictional character, her personality is ultimately a construct of the writer's will and intentions with her. Which you're ASSUMING, while using analytical theories that rely on death of the author! This is Schroedinger's character agency. Characters have it when you want to complain a damsel in distress is having it taken away, but they don't have it when you want to say their clothing choices are made by their writers! Funny I never hear feminist complaints that prudish writers are repressing female sexuality by making them wear modest clothes. &gt; Your arguments are being (deliberately?) misused, because they attempt to re-frame my argument as a prohibition on real women wearing what they want, and in so doing deny their agency over their own bodies and sexuality, as a bad faith means of attempting to portray anti-sexual objectification as anti-progressive. Under the arguments you're making, character agency cannot meaningfully exist! One minute you argue Tifa's clothing choices aren't supported by her personality (Watsonian criticism), and I noticed you didn't respond to my follow up question about that, and the NEXT minute you argue Tifa can't make choices at all because she's a writer's puppet (Doylist criticsm). You can't just switch between lenses like this as suits your argument! But why don't we stop a second, and instead of you accusing ME of things constantly, you provide some proof of your OWN good faith by demonstrating ideological consistency. When Formula 1 racing banned grid girls (that's REAL women losing REAL jobs and choice), [Anita Sarkeesian vocally cheered the decision](https://feministfrequency.com/video/feminist-frequency-radio-episode-13-tilda-swinton-and-gwendoline-christies-space-robot-baby/) and condemned the entire idea of "choice feminism". I want to hear you denounce this, and denounce her for trying to take agency away from real women. If you really believe that the difference that matters here is real vs fictional women, then you would believe that what she said here goes too far, and you'd have no problem disavowing it. But if you're just sex-negative and using a claim of "oh it's different in fiction" as a smokescreen for puritanism, then you'll either come up with some "but but but it's different" excuse or equivocation to avoid acknowledging problems with an ideological ally, or you'll just not respond at all because supposedly I'm the one "not arguing in good faith".
But they're MORE significant, by a margin, than the either direct or almost direct 1:1 translations of the other characters, right?
....USSR? Communist Targaryens? Well I mean, they ARE red....
Apparently not though to the ten thousand people who upvoted me. I don't normally like to argue to vote counts, but when you get THAT many you're probably saying something vaguely sane.
Well then you should have no problem listening to the podcast segment I linked, determining that I accurately characterized what she said, and acknowledging that it's a perversion of feminism to celebrate taking such choices away from real women, right?
You claim I'm acting in bad faith, you act like I have something to prove to you, it's entirely reasonable for me to demand some proof of good faith from you in turn. I want to see proof that you actually BELIEVE your own arguments, and will stick to them when it's ideologically uncomfortable. Or maybe you don't like being put in this position, and should apologize for putting someone else in it by judging them for WHERE they post rather than WHAT they post. You say your arguments should stand on their own...shouldn't you have given me the same courtesy?
Her figure though looks nothing like Tifa's, and those things sag like crazy. If you want boobs with a decent shape on a fit girl, there are SOME limits, but Tifa's not even unusual let alone implausible. She's on the big end of totally normal.
It's almost like Zoe Quinn organizes harassment rather than preventing it.
Don't give them ideas.
Invest a few hundred grand and see returns big enough to fund 3 people's lives in SF and constant travel expenses? What'd she do, borrow our time machine to go back to the 70s and invest in Apple? No, unless you get like lotto lucky with what you've invested in, you would need a hell of a lot bigger portfolio to fund the kind of life you're talking about on the returns, especially for multiple people, who all need to pay the rent in one of the highest cost of living places in the US.
Don't be surprised if when she runs out of cash she claims somebody took a potshot at her or something. This is our arch fucking nemesis here! Stop underestimating this woman, her success, her power, it's not an accident, it's intelligence. People keep thinking they're gonna be the one to debunk her, they're gonna be the one to take her down a peg and she always finds a way to make it not stick. Respect a worthy adversary. She's gone when she's gone and not a minute sooner.
Yeah, and DD is pretty much the top end of common busts that are easy to find bras for. I knew two girls, both thin and attractive, not big tits because they were fat, who were DDD in middle school (one was my best friend from pre-school, I knew her cup size exactly because she complained about it and other girls bullying her for it, the other I just know looked pretty much the same size).
Well NOW I do! Sweet!
Because most of them were. Groups like the SS, sure, they were evil incarnate. But the average German soldier was some 18 year old conscript who'd get shot if he stepped out of line.
Shoe: don't censor gay marriage. Youtube: HATE SPEECH!!!!!
First of all, you don't know this. You don't actually know the motives of the creators. It's just a dogmatic assumption that these characters are only made for men, and enjoyment women get out of them is incidental. But you have no proof of this, and a creator trying to consider multiple demographics at once makes the most financial sense, and the polar opposite, a creator who just creates based on their muse and considers issues like demographics and marketing later if at all, is also very common. So why are you jumping to the worst possible conclusion? And secondly...so what, honestly? Under the lens you're using, it's impossible NOT to objectify a fiction character, because ALL fictional characters are inherently objects. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM0Pp4Ona8s Here's a good video that illustrates my point. It's long, but the important part about the idea of "reflected objectification" is near the start. What matters is the message reflected to the player. And in this case, the busty, sexy woman is not treated as an object for male use within the story. She is an equal participant and hero alongside her peers. A female player who sees herself reflected in Tifa sees a positive message. And a great many do, which is why she has so many female fans and cosplayers.
I've provided evidence. I've provided multiple passages and an entire other article in which he sounds *just like Anita* but for the opposite politics. Either he's contributing to moral panic (and thus tacitly to the censorship that inevitably results from moral panic), or she isn't. You can't have this both ways.
Okay I looked this up. This really isn't sexual in the slightest. People have just straight up decided the presence of child characters in a game is pedo.
&gt; She's just a common grifter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIa9SKPlVU0 She didn't luck into her success. She didn't get in over her head. She didn't start a bullshit culture war that screwed up the entire industry and has neutered western games for years by accident. She managed those things because she's smart, and connected, and very good at being shitty. Beating her requires taking her seriously.
Unfortunately, they've been getting away with having their cake and eating it too so far in court.
What? She's many wonderful things, but she's not a GOD.
&gt; Well wouldnt her boobs be technically bigger then if they look as big in the remake with sports bra vs the original without sports bra? Technically, but not in any way the user would ever see, and like I said, we don't know for a fact what's under her shirt in the original, beyond a joke in the US version that suggests it's something like a sports bra. https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/921416646726742171/70C31DCCF9D58C766118A3C3263CAA685EB286D3/ And her combat model supports my assertion too, it's not JUST the art. They wanted her toned down, and I'd bet my ass the REAL reason is the nutso censorship rules Sony has been imposing on Japanese studios lately.
You put this part in the wrong category: &gt; Boob physics would not change the rating We agree on this. But in the Polygon article, they acted as though it would, and thus fell under the purview of the ethics department. They used the ESRB to try to explain away that department's involvement, when the ESRB wouldn't have an issue here. That's part of what they clearly lied about. So this is evidence in favor of MY argument.
First of all, McIntosh is almost certainly buying fake views to boost the visibility of his content, so he can get people to support his patreon. Look at how many actual comments he has compared to any other political channels around his size, and how he has basically no haters. Really? He's saying all that bullshit to millions of people and nobody's leaving angry comments? Over 90% likes? And check out his twitter. Even between his two accounts, he'd have to be getting hundreds of views on his videos per twitter follower. Huh? But anyway, while Anita is clearly lying about her motives, she's largely right in that Twitch is supplanting youtube in many ways. Because youtube has been making it hell for creators to use its service and make a living, by constantly dicking with them and making absurd new rules to placate outraged assholes. So ironically, if Anita were telling the truth here, she would be largely responsible for accidentally driving herself out of business.
In their world, checking if they're real only requires seeing her without a necklace on.
We might be introduced to him as the main HERO, and the whole thing's a tragedy.
Khaleesi can't even bring herself to hurt kids when she actually HAS TO.
Stop trying to redpill the guy and work the issue. He didn't come here to hear the GamerGate stump speech, he came here because we have a common enemy, who's attacking our values and exploiting his. If anything is gonna change his mind, it'll be seeing us in action, solving problems, exposing corruption, and making gaming better, not giving him the hard sell.
Is there anything that Lara Croft has ever worn that she didn't wear better?
That's covered in the video.
Mo winning, mo braiding. Though you really have to wonder how her style reached maximum complexity AFTER HER HAIRDRESSER DIED.
Epic gonna epic.
MIB is the only one on this list that seems to be doing well. And hell I asked for them. Neither are reboots, by the way, they're continuations of their respective series' existing canons. And Anna CERTAINLY shouldn't have flopped, but critics decided to artificially tank it to punish the director over unproven accusations that were dismissed without charges by the French legal system. But the person who's really likely to suffer for it is Sasha Luss, who gave an excellent performance and carried both the action and the sex appeal really well, but now what by rights should have been her big break is probably going to be a poison pill for her career. Even though she's completely innocent in the whole matter. Way to stand up for women, woke critics.
&gt; Alita: Battle Angel has made $400M+ off of a $170M budget. Godzilla: King of the Monsters has made the $360M+ in just three weeks. Yeah but consider what they need if you add marketing budget and theater cuts. Alita barely broke even, we'll be lucky if Godzilla does.
Why? What's so wrong with his movies?
You bastard!
I just don't buy it. The argument that they just HAD to put a visible sports bra on the character model or there'd be too much jiggle and they'd risk an M rating simply doesn't make sense. No, you don't HAVE to put jiggle physics in a game unless there's a visible reason not to on the character model. Watch the Dissidia trailer, are her boobs bouncing all over the place? No they are not. The logic being argued here by SE and SE's defenders just has holes in it.
"That's problematic!" isn't an argument. And this: &gt; The complaints are born from objectification and ownership Is paranoid nonsense. You are here arguing about pixel tits on the internet just as much as anyone who disagrees with you. The fact that you want them to be smaller and more covered doesn't give you more of a right to an opinion than someone who wants them to be bigger and less covered. You can't join a game of tug-of-war and then shout to the people on the other side "What are you assholes doing to that poor rope!?" You are focusing on her body just as much as we are.
I think of "jiggle physics", I think of something like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ix5qSsaDGQ) at least. Where the boobs aren't just normally affected by gravity, but sort of wobbly and jello-like to be very deliberately eye-catching.
You can have a sub that's a circlejerk and downvotes dissenters and still has redeeming discussion because, as happened in this thread, somebody can make enough sense that they turn things around, even if probably temporarily, and shame the downvoters for their behavior, or just get sick of it and start upvoting each other to counteract it. But once you start BANNING people for disagreement, the circlejerk is locked in place and unbreakable, and the community is doomed. All the people who could fix it are gone, and most will be afraid to try.
I think it's people who don't have any faith in non-authoritarianism. They think it's inevitable that liberal democracy will not last, that it'll collapse into some form of totalitarian regime eventually. So they want to make sure they institute THEIR totalitarian regime, where THEY are in charge, before their opponents beat them to the punch. Or at least that's what they tell themselves, but I think it's as much a self-justification as people who oppress others and think "well that's just social Darwinism at work. They'd be just as cruel to me if the shoe were on the other foot, everybody's like this deep down."
I'm sure it's a total coincidence that this happens right as a massive big tech censorship scandal unfolds. &lt;.&lt;
&gt; This idea of being “cast” from an “original concept” reinforces a subordinate view of women, like with Adam and Eve. That is, men tend to be seen as “default” human beings. Except that Eve isn't really the first woman, is she? That distinction goes to Lilith, who was created as Adam's equal. Here's the problem with this whole argument: There's an entirely logical and non-bigoted reason why the Ms. Male trope exists. It's a thing because one of the first, easiest, and most ubiquitous things that game developers learned how to turn into video game mechanics was combat. Whether it's realistic or comical, first person or zoomed out to the point of the player commanding whole armies, the majority of games use some form of battle (or sport, which are essentially non-lethal pseudo-battles) as a core gameplay mechanic. Almost every example on Anita's list in this video falls into that category. And for good reason, most people's mental image of a combatant defaults to male, because for 99% of human history, that image has been 99% accurate. This isn't the result of sexism, it's simple biological math. In the kind of warfare that dominated all of human history before the age of firearms, if a male warrior fought a female warrior he would win the overwhelming majority of the time, all other factors being equal....and if an entire army of male warriors fought an entire army of female warriors, all other factors being equal, the men would win virtually every time. The differences in average physical abilities are enormous. And the other side of the equation is that men are rather expendable, biologically speaking. If a society wins a war but loses 90% of its male population in the process, as long as it took enough spoils in that victory to cover the lack of providers, it can near-fully replenish its numbers within 20 years and be ready for another big fight, but a society that loses 90% of its female population won't recover for generations, if at all. Men can simply impregnate multiple women far faster than women can deliver babies by multiple men. Putting your women on the battlefield is a much bigger risk than putting your men there. These differences aren't socially constructed, they are biological, and they are fundamentally immutable. Over the last century, things changed. The rapid advancement of firearm technology is a great equalizer and, while men do still have advantages (hence why no woman has made it through Navy SEAL training yet), women can take the field as meaningfully contributing combatants to a greater degree than has ever previously been possible, especially now that most first world civilizations rarely even consider the possibility of fielding their entire fighting-age population as an army at once, instead relying on smaller numbers per capita of highly trained professional soldiers. But that doesn't mean we can just snap our fingers and unlearn instincts that took millions of years to breed into our species. It's not that a man is seen as the default PERSON, just the default WARRIOR. And the reasoning for that is not because of discrimination or bigotry. This video follows the anatomy of a typical Anita Sarkeesian argument: 1: Identify a pattern among female characters, a trope. 2: Assume without evidence the worst, most sinister possible motive that could explain the existence of that trope to be the reason it exists. 3: Work backwards from that assumption to contextualize how your examples could fit that motive, and call it proof of your assumption. 4: If too many counterexamples to ignore exist, dismiss them with a barely-explained platitude about how "society treats them differently", based, once again, on assuming society operates on those worst possible motives.
Nope, some GOP senators will grandstand but do nothing, again.
This is the fundamental difference between SJWs and anti-SJWs. If you piss off anti-SJWs, we give you shit about it, but we'll let you say your piece, and at worst we'll passive-aggressively complain when your name comes up. Sometimes obnoxiously, for a long ass time. Hey, I ain't saying we're perfect. But if you piss off SJWs, you aren't even HUMAN to them anymore. You have no rights, and there is nothing that it's out of bounds to do to you. You're banned, you're deplatformed, you're as gone as they can possibly make you, you are an outlaw, you are hunted, you are hostis humani generis. And no matter how much you grovel and humiliate yourself, they will NEVER let it go, not completely. Supposedly we're the biggest harassers in the world, but they're the ones who keep celebrating the deaths of people they disagreed with on the internet. They're the ones who bullied August Ames to suicide and Zamii to trying. Now Etika's dead too. All of our enemies are alive and well. Funny thing.
This winter was pretty nuts. First it was Jazmine Barnes....nope, that wasn't a white Trump supporter, it was other black people. Then it was Buzzfeed reporting a smoking gun on Trump....nope, Mueller says that's a total lie. Then it was Covington....nope, the evil smirking kid was actually the victim. Then it was Jussie Smollett....NOPE, that little fucker was lying too. And each time they acted more and more desperate to insist this one MUST be true, and each time it wasn't.
Their attitude towards sex is purely emotional. There are no thought-out rules or principles of what's good vs bad sexuality. It's just anything they find funny or arousing is good, anything they find viscerally "gross" or that makes them self-conscious is bad.
This is Marxism as explained by people who've never read Marx. Marx saw prostitutes as part of the Lumpenproletariat, not a valid form of labor. Of course, "Marxists who've never read Marx" also explains the kind of thinking that gets you to unrealistic conclusions like "screaming about sexual content will somehow lead to better sexual content rather than a lack of sexual content". They just don't understand concepts like "risk aversity", no matter how often we explain it to them.
But the NPC meme, that's beyond the pale.
See, there are some things you HAVE to say as a Democrat, and there are some things you HAVE to say as a Republican. But you can also see the "wink and nudge" in her position on gun control, like "She is focused on building bipartisan solutions that can actually be passed into law, rather than using the issue as a partisan political football." "Bipartisan and passable" is NOT going to include an assault weapons ban, now or in the foreseeable future. So she can vote the party line on performative bills that are never gonna pass anyway and not waste political capital for nothing, but still signal that if she gets elected, she'll give occasional lip service to gun control but probably not DO much about it.
This is also true, but you cannot count out that, especially in the early stages of his campaign when most people thought of him as a joke candidate, his supporters came out and started a "meme war" that made the impossible possible. Bernie had something very similar last time too, but it was kneecapped by superdelegates, which the DNC allowed and the RNC, to their credit, did not, which is why the first big outsider upset victory in generations happened with a Republican. When we're putting Tulsi memes on r/all on a daily basis, that's when we're REALLY in this fight.
Marx successfully and articulately explained a number of social problems, proposed solutions that have mostly turned out to be terrible ideas but have a few worthwhile nuggets in there, and on other things was totally fucking wrong. This is why it's such a problem that you've got people who treat him like a holy prophet, rather than just one more philosopher whose ideas were products of their times.
R1 warning, drive by insults.
Absurd. Did the studio ultimately cave?
https://boundingintocomics.com/2019/11/07/rwby-fan-allegedly-driven-to-suicide-by-bullying-from-fandom-over-personal-ship-pairings/
This is ALWAYS what happens when you try to court SJWs as an audience. It's never ever good enough, and the more inches you give in to their "representation" demands and so forth, the more miles they will try to force you into, and the more they will screw up your production and ultimately tank it for everyone. By now I have little sympathy for companies that pander to them and regret it, they know it's in a scorpion's nature to sting. And yet somehow WE'RE the ones who get labeled the "entitled fans".
There are some like that, but mostly they're either powerful bosses or big monsters. Human enemies do not become bullet sponges (or in this case sword sponges) at high difficulty.
Yeah basically. At least Steyer is running a conventional campaign, has an actual message, and is trying to win legitimately. Even Trump did those things. When Bloomberg entered, I got a real wake up call on what someone trying to buy an election ACTUALLY looked like, and it made me considerably more sympathetic to Steyer, who's not doing that shit. Not that I want him to be President, but I at least don't actively hate him anymore.
Didn't know it was since debunked. Okay actually at least it's good nobody literally died here.
But how much did Biden raise Q4?
I think we'll see a big shift in this when the Snyder Cut finally gets released, the woke press will lose their shit over its mere existence because they hate us and are so invested in us not being allowed to have it for sheer spite.
Too late. The fandom menace already won.
Of course the grim reaper doesn't like Yang. Because of growing income inequality and automation, life expectancy in the US is actually decreasing, which means business is booming for Death. Yang wants to fix this, which threatens to leave the reaper underemployed. But he'll come to understand that with the freedom dividend, he doesn't have to sweat it, even if lean times hit the death industry, he'll have financial security.
Underneath he was the palest motherfucker in the galaxy!
&gt; &gt;flying the single most sexiest fighter in Star Wars, the A-Wing Tie defender: \*exists\*
Yes, correct. Be funny and irreverent, tell offended idiots to fuck off.
Dany declaring them all her bloodriders was more of a symbolic gesture. She loved her people, she would never have wanted the Dothraki to commit mass suicide after her death and become an extinct civilization.
David_Me shuttered us for an hour and if you google "Kotaku in action" half the first page results are STILL articles from clickbaiters either celebrating it or mad reddit undid it.
Which is why we work so hard to make sure not to give them any such excuse to ban us.
Does it surprise you that Superman is dating what is pretty much Wonder Woman?
Why did you call Alyx Vance a "stale, Wiener Melange-flavored female protagonist who “don’t need no man”"? For one thing it's not even fucking true, she plainly has a history of needing Gordon Freeman. But secondly, are you seriously so far gone that a game merely having a female playable character triggers you now? She's been around since 2004! Do you really think she's some kind of SJW plot?
Proudly so, Yang 2020.
Yes, you actually could just post a thread talking about anime. We opened things up a whole lot. We're right now erring on the side of "it's better to allow a few irrelevant but ultimately harmless threads than to be too restrictive of topics that ARE relevant" as much as we can and hoping not to get flooded with garbage. So far it's worked out. Not a lot of people really WANT to post a thread here just talking about random anime, they have the common sense to know that's got nothing to do with GG.
The best thing about the show is that everybody gets to be part of the fun. Even Ivy, who is generally the competent straight man, gets to be quirky and imperfect.
And yet here you are, still arguing about online bullshit, despite your posturing.
Anything worth doing is worth doing well.
It's been a shitty couple days after the Ohio debacle. But let's focus on that 16.5 million.
But then he'd be the 46th and 48th President!
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### It Breaks **[Rule 7](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_7._don.27t_post_bullshit)** (Don't Post Bullshit) &gt; A submission's title should either provide the headline of the original article, or a non editorialized summary if no headline exists. Non editorialized means that you accurately portray the facts and do not offer any opinion. Provide your opinion either as a self-post or in a comment. &gt; Remember to also provide evidence for the claims that you make. If your evidence must remain confidential, message the moderators to privately verify your claims. If a post makes a claim that is later **proven false**, the post will be deleted, regardless of vote totals. We don't want misinformation taking over KiA. Check this account's post history, there is a 99% chance it does not belong to the real Jim Spanfeller. This is a troll job. --- *If /u/Eh_by has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/ekyp93/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
Time to give a lesson in Ignore Shills, Stack Bills.
I don't know if you're being sarcastic or not, but the threshold is 2500 followers, Ismail has 163k.
And not qualifying, you know that immediately if it's good news.
The claim isn't even true, the most iconic "bad guy music" in Star Wars is the Imperial March, which is about as much of a classically European sweeping orchestral epic as you can get.
If not for Dany, the Night King wouldn't even have been at ground level.
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### **[Rule 8](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules)** (Avoid reposts of the same information) &gt;This includes posting articles on the same topic from different publications when one is already on the front page, unless there is substantial new information. Always give /r/KotakuInAction/new/ a look before submitting a post. If a post is older than 7 days, its content can be reposted for visibility, if the situation warrants it. https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/elptwn/socjus_sam_greers_review_of_monster_hunter_world/ this topic has already been posted. --- *If /u/Rebmac1991 has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/em43uh/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
ALLEGEDLY. So insta is banning people based on rumors.
Lol I like jiggle physics as much as the next guy but...is that boob going in circles?
Yeah but the whole argument for the second is that it's a GOD GIVEN right!
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### **[Rule 8](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules)** (Avoid reposts of the same information) &gt;This includes posting articles on the same topic from different publications when one is already on the front page, unless there is substantial new information. Always give /r/KotakuInAction/new/ a look before submitting a post. If a post is older than 7 days, its content can be reposted for visibility, if the situation warrants it. https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/eljc2i/socjus_jorge_arenas_washington_post_publishes/ this topic has already been posted. --- *If /u/Brer_Raptor has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/emdevl/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
It was more of a "for shame, imagine what your children would think of you!" AFAIK. This wasn't a case of "here's a picture of your child through my sniper scope, do what I say". A few years later they said they regretted the apology, got article-bombed by the social justice press, and issued another sniveling apology. They cucked their cons and let the SJWs take over.
It'll be weird to me after they used Gaiman's voice in this one bonus episode.
http://boobpedia.com/boobs/Anna_Semenovich#Natural_or_silicone.3F her boobpedia entry covers this.
in b4 CNBC thinks he IS Yang.
I don't think the timing is coincidence with the deadspin news.
They may as well just stop pretending and get rid of audience scores entirely at this point, since it's obvious they juice them and remove results that go against the narrative.
&gt; Actually, I think that GamerGate handled harassment in its ranks better than people usually do. Oh much better. By the standards of online movements, GamerGate was uncommonly disciplined. But 100% discipline will never be possible in online activism.
If everything is political, then nothing is. To have any meaningful definition, there must be things that fall inside and outside the umbrella of a word's meaning.
Of course. If they'd done normal polling over the last two months, Yang would be in no problem.
Ambiguous.
There's video proof though that Bernie doesn't believe what Warren's accusing him of saying. That's pretty strong.
"We just want diversity!", they say, then literally argue for less options.
This vendetta is insane. I don't think anybody's ever been THIS cancelled.
Of course he did...
Nobody really knew who the fuck Barack Obama was before he ran for President either. And certainly nobody thought of Trump as anything besides "some rich reality TV guy". If things go right for you, it is possible in our current age to go from nobody, or at least nobody in politics, to viable candidate for POTUS, in one election cycle. That may actually be a bad thing in some ways, but it's possible. And it's possible for Yang. Slim chance, but possible. I don't think anybody thought he would go from "literally who the fuck is this guy?" to big rallies and polling in one case up to 10% either. Like I think it's actually harder to do that than it is to go from there to the rest of the distance. But I'm not sure he has the time. We'll see. My state primaries pretty late, so I can still like Yang AND Bernie and see what happens for a while yet.
This isn't the same story though. It's set in the same world, but it's not an adaptation of the story "the lord of the rings". This is an original tale set in the Second Age. There are non-white people in Arda, haradrim, easterlings. There are also orcs and other races that are completely colorblind parts because any actor would need full body makeup and prosthetics, as well as Maiar, and others, who can take any form they please. Gandalf could look like a 7 year old Asian girl if he wanted to. Or a cat the size of a horse. People flipped out the same way when they saw a black person in the trailers for Shadow of War, and that time the people who got mad were wrong, the game came out, and Baranor was a haradrim from Umbar, not an ethnic Gondorian, and the reason he lived there entirely made sense. I'm just saying wait and see, I know I've said that before and been wrong, but I've also said it before and been right. I would be with you if not for the fact the Tolkien family literally legally barred them from changing anything.
I have my suspicions the black male model is a "fair form" for Sauron. Just a guess because he's so ridiculously good looking. He didn't always have to be Annatar, and IIRC Annatar's appearance isn't even described in any detail in the books, the white-haired elven bishie most people picture is a creation of Peter Jackson, I think.
&gt; The game completely dumps on the lore, please don't try to defend that nonsense. Yes, but not in that specific way. &gt; Also, the only reason he's there, like the random warrior chick, is for muh diversity Irrelevant as long as it's not screwing up the story in the process, also Eowyn would like a word. &gt; Making him from Umbar is just a poor attempt at defending it. No it's actually a completely reasonable defense of it.
I had hoped that the Anti-Monitor would show up with his shark-helmet look after his defeat at Ollie's hands, was pretty disappointed he just looked the same when the paragons fought him. I'd also really, really hoped that when he created the new world, Ollie would have brought back Earth-1 Laurel, especially when Sara was talking about how there was no one left who knew her before the boat. Killing her was the Arrowverse's greatest mistake, I'm very sad they wasted an opportunity to right it. But other than that, great crossover. I'm amazed they were even allowed to use movie Flash.
That actually does make sense. 100% there would be people who would use this to set up fake "this person retweeted something horrible!" cancel mobs.
Oh for God's sake Chimp, I'm not playing this game with you again. You know exactly what I'll say, I know exactly what you'll say in response, you know exactly what I'll say in response to that, and we won't end up doing anything but wasting time. Do you have anything to add that we HAVEN'T been over literally dozens of times?
This is their celebration of Christopher Tolkien's death.
&gt; Didn't you just say you hadn't? *In general terms*, not in the kind of ironclad detail you're demanding. &gt; How exactly do you think my comments differ from those of somebody who sincerely thinks you're wrong and wants to point it out? Well, the biggest tell is the way you play your cards so close to your chest. You almost never make top level comments and usually have to have your arm twisted to state what your own actual position is. That's a clear sign of somebody who wants to leave themselves room to always be a contrarian regardless of what another person says without getting trapped in contradictions. &gt; You could prove you're right and I'm wrong, that would be satisfying, wouldn't it? I already think I'm right, I know I'm not gonna convince you, and nobody else reads our predictable Punch and Judy routine.
There is a large section of voters who don't really vote based on policy, they vote based on personality and personal story. They vote for the guy they'd rather have a beer with or what have you. And in this case, there was a segment of the electorate that just hated the status quo. A plague on both your parties, fuck the establishment and fuck their bullshit. And those people were gonna vote for whichever party nominated an anti-establishment candidate.
I mean, it's more than gender and mean tweets. The worst thing about Trump is his immigration policy and the sheer inhumanity of it. But that's theoretical to a lot of rust belt workers, while Trump's trade and outsourcing positions are things that directly affect their lives. Upper middle class left coast wokescolds expect people to vote altruistically rather than for self-interest while they sip their lattes and blog on their macbooks about racist Trump voters, but people scraping by paycheck to paycheck in terror of the factory closing don't have that luxury.
I'm gonna be "that guy" and say what needs to be said: media should not be gatekeeping which candidates get a platform. We'd hate this if it were being done to Yang.
Rule 1 warning, insults are not arguments.
You know you literally just tried to explain lesbians to a lesbian, right?
Remember that SJWs also tend to argue that only the government can censor things. This just sounds like a case of "it's not censorship when WE do it!"
This comment got reported for "crusading/trolling". Somebody must REALLY like Calarts.
Yang has an ability to resonate with a significant portion of Trump's base like no other Dem in the field besides maybe Tulsi. If Trump can't keep his base in lockstep, he's done.
Yeah, then they'll consider that somebody who they respect likes Yang, so maybe they should think about it. But honestly, a community created for Trump supporters has every right to be pro-Trump and not allow anti-Trump content. Imagine how we'd feel though if the top mod here decided to support Trump and fucked up the sub for us. That can't actually happen because the top mod is literally Yang himself, but IF hypothetically it could.
Huh, I thought I was the only one pointing that out.
No, they said you could not "actively serve" those systems. They will likely consider "active service" to include positive or neutral portrayal. Remember, these are the kinds of people who believe "everything is political" and "you can't be neutral on a moving train".
A generally good critic with some huge glaring blindspots.
There is a difference between "diversity" and "diversity plus fuck you". "Diversity" has become a political euphemism, like "family values" used to be on the right. It's a dog-whistle. The people who push for it often mean more than just the literal meaning of the word. A work can be praised for "diversity" for example if every single character is black, even though the cast is mono-racial. "Diversity" in terms of race basically means "the less white the better". Female characters often simply aren't counted as getting a work any credit for diversity if they're considered too sexy. No articles get written praising the diversity of Street Fighter V's female representation, with playable women of many different races, sexualities, and even gender identities, because they're hot, and they're not always depicted in ways considered politically correct by American left-wing standards. And God forbid you ever even mention diversity of OPINION, the idea that not every sympathetic fictional character or member of a creative team should be a card-carrying left winger is verboten. Works that toot their own horns about how much diversity they have tend to also be extremely woke and preachy, riddled with ham-fisted lectures about political issues, Orange Man Bad, blatant Mary Sues you'll get yelled at by SJWs for criticizing, and tokenistic characters who seem to have little depth or story development beyond whatever makes them diverse. So there are a lot of people who don't actually have a problem with diversity, the literal concept itself, but have come to see the WORD "diversity" as a huge red flag that whatever media property it's being attached to will suck, and if an adaptation of a pre-existing work, will probably ruin it in a way that feels like it's deliberately out to spite existing fans of the property. As an example, I will contrast reactions to two characters: [Simon Baz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Baz) and [Jessica Cruz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jessica_Cruz) are the two most recently added Green Lantern characters in DC comics' roster. Simon Baz is a Muslim. Jessica Cruz is a Latina with an anxiety disorder. So Simon Baz gets diversity credit for his race/religion (I combine them because people in these arguments often treat "Muslim" as though it is itself a race), while Jessica Cruz does for her sex, her race, and her neuroatypicality. To imagine it as "diversity points", Jessica certainly wins. But while Simon Baz was initially rejected as an obnoxious woke character and the fandom took a long time to warm to him at all, Jessica Cruz was immediately accepted and almost instantly became a widely beloved character and a significant sales draw for any book she's in. Why did this happen? Because literally the first panel of the first book Simon Baz appeared in showed 9/11, and then his main story was about how he got wrongfully arrested for terrorism, and after THAT he fought the New Gods, so he could keep going on about how he didn't believe they were really Gods, because BY THE WAY HE'S MUSLIM, THAT HASN'T BEEN MENTIONED FOR THE LAST THREE PANELS. It was an annoying lecture. Meanwhile Jessica Cruz's backstory is that she's essentially a horror movie final girl who was traumatized by that experience. WHO she is wasn't made dependent on WHAT she is, identity is merely one facet of a broader character. Same fandom, same comic book even, two very different reactions that don't line up with the idea that the more diverse a work is, the bigger the backlash will be. Diversity itself is not what makes these fed-up fans complain.
She's more a foreign policy specialist than anything else. State fits better than defense. Honestly I want an actual decorated admiral/general or former one for SecDef.
Well #ILikeBernie But...#ILikeYangMore
I don't know how the campaign keeps letting this happen. Candidates polling way lower than him with far less funding are on the ballot in every state! this is completely insane.
You're not entitled to sex, you toxic femcels! Don't you know it's current year?
Do you suspect that people are voting multiple times? Do you think they're reviewing what they did not see? Or that, for some reason, people are saying they didn't like it when they actually did? No? Then how is it not an accurate rating? Admit it, you just hate the idea that the general public gets a voice, and the power to decide if things are good or bad doesn't rest solely with the woke, initiated critic class. It's not good enough to have a special, extra weighted voice, you have to have the ONLY voice.
They literally said "she's not her father and she's not insane" in one of the post-episode commentaries.
She probably literally threatened to kill his family to get that endorsement.
&gt; This is very possible, and I know I'm preaching to the choir here, but the reality is that I think TvW appealed to that games journalist community because it did reflect their experiences in a way that for people like you feel absolutely foreign. That it really did make the argument against the DudeBro trope that they aspire to be, but it really fell flat and felt insulting to the more gender non-conforming person that tends to make up the core gamer community. And that's why you got that sort of widely divergent reaction from it. Oh 100%. There is so much projection on the part of those male journos who praise TVW. They're guys with huge madonna/whore complexes and various other problems with women who know what she's saying is true ABOUT THEM. [I mean somebody who writes shit like this is not normal.](http://archive.is/JezZs) But he wrote it as though that was how the average man would experience that film. And they sit there lapping up Anita's scolding because she offers them a measure of absolution and relief from the guilt they rightly feel over holding those attitudes. By telling them it's men in general who are like that, she's telling them they're normal, in fact better than other men because at least they're aware of their sins and repent, unlike all those OTHER men who are in denial. But as I've been thinking this subject over, I've actually come to the conclusion that maybe the Great Awokening COULD have been averted...if GamerGate had happened earlier. If it had been the TVW kickstarter, or ElevatorGate, or DongleGate, or something like that which really caught, forming a lasting movement and a huge backlash against SJWs. Because I remember back in around 2016, maybe even late 2015, feeling like the tide was turning in our favor, like SJWs were running out of momentum and starting to naturally exhaust themselves. But then, Trump won the election, he gave SJWs a huge boogeyman to rally against, which I worried at the time would happen, and they surged back into prominence. I feel like the tide is turning in our favor again heading into another election year...I hope the cycle doesn't repeat itself, and either he's defeated by someone who's not a huge SJW they can resurge in support of, or his second victory prompts a change in strategy on the left. Ideally the former. If the culture war had started earlier and been on the downswing by the election year, Trump might not have won. As much as "GamerGate elected Trump!" is a flawed argument because GamerGate was not an out of thin air genesis point of the culture war, but rather a response to SJW overreaches, it's undeniable, I think, that the culture war, and anger at SJWs spreading to the center and segments of the left rather than only being prominent on the right, helped Trump win. So if by 2016 SJWs are largely discredited and not in the public eye so much anymore, most of those people would have moved on. More of them might have voted for Hillary. Bernie might have been the nominee if Hillary couldn't rely on "Bernie bro harassers!" and "IT'S HER TURN!" as arguments. A more normal Republican might have won their nomination without Trump being able to capitalize on opposing political correctness as an issue. And without Trump to "resist", I think either the Great Awokening doesn't happen, or it isn't nearly so great. He's the primary target of this three year long mega-REEEEEE, and SJWs irrationally perpetual hatred for GamerGate long beyond its relevance seems to at least in significant part come from the belief that GamerGate is responsible for his victory..a belief I think is itself another case of projection, because blaming GG lets them conveniently dodge thinking about their own culpability in causing it by insisting they defined the entire left, and pissing so many people off at said left.
Whoops. 13th Doctor, 12th series, hard to keep all this straight!
No, that's the definition of coroporatism. Under fascism it would be the other way around, nominally private companies in practice controlled by an all-powerful state.
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### It breaks **[Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines)** (Posting Guidelines) This post fails to meet the guidelines established in [Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines) This hits no whitelisted topics. I wish it did, it's funny as hell, but it doesn't. --- *If /u/Tattootempest has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/eszp9g/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
They're right, they just have the wrong three. You don't recover from a collapse like Warren is suffering, not this late.
And we know Satan endorses him too, of course Satan wants the first goth President!
I don't know how we're even in this situation, campaigns polling way lower than ours had this sorted ages ago. Hell, does anybody even have a MAP of what states Andrew's not on the ballot for yet?
Bernie's a lovable old curmudgeon. But Yang's not part of the system he hates.
I always have trouble with the idea of Hope being bullied and pranked and going through normal high school bullshit the way she does. It just seems so implausible. Hope...Hope is that speech from Legion, "they're terrified that one day you're going to wake up and realize that you're a God". Because let's face it, she is. Hope is everything. Invincible. Unkillable. Above all the rules. She is, or at least has the potential to be, the single most powerful being that has ever existed. There's only one thing left in the world that MIGHT be able to harm her, and it's never been tested on an original hybrid, let alone an original tribrid. The power of her magic seems to be a bottomless well that Lizzie and Josie can draw from whenever they want and never even slightly fatigue, let alone deplete. Hope's not a schoolgirl, she's a walking nuclear weapon, and every single person in that building should be thinking to themselves "and God help us all if she ever realizes that". No remotely sane person would dare treat someone that obviously able to make them explode by snapping their fingers this crappily! The show seems to constantly forget how scary the twins are too, treating them like normal witches. Remember Kai? Remember what Kai could DO? They're the same. Spell that turns them purple? They can siphon that. Hourglass full of magic? That's not a problem it's a snack. Trouble with an evil vampire boyfriend? One touch and he's dust. Nothing magical should ever work on them, because they can simply siphon whatever spell is used.
Everybody knows Lovecraft was a racist. Even by the standards of his time he was not an enlightened man. But he's dead. He's been dead for over 80 years. He can't hurt you. You're not dragging him through the mud to serve any social good or even inform people, because everybody who's into Lovecraft enough to buy a Lovecraft-themed RPG has read his books and knows what he thought of minorities. We all get separating the art from the artist. You're just doing this to obnoxiously polish your own halo.
Well that's an unfalsifiable argument. You've made a statement without evidence, then expected me to somehow demonstrate that it's NOT true, when of course proving a negative is impossible. How am I supposed to definitively prove that I DON'T think something? No matter what I point to that I've publicly said or done, you can simply say it's PR, and I secretly really believe the opposite. [OAG has been added to GamerGate's official journalistic naughty list](https://np.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/daq79o/ethics_petition_to_blacklist_one_angry_gamer_for/). I am proud to say that I'm personally responsible for that (though at the rate he was going if it hadn't been me it would have been someone else soon enough), and you can see by the vote counts that the vast majority of GGers agreed with me. Will Usher has threatened to sue me for that. If that's not enough to prove I don't agree with him, I don't know what ever could be. It would be equally valid for me to argue that Usher is a secret SJW running a false flag to make GamerGate look bad. You can't prove it's NOT true, right? Breitbart is on the same naughty list by the way, and I had a bit to do with that one as well.
The problem with this is that if a Trump supporter thinks Andrew Yang is the most electable, and you convince them to go pretend to be a Democrat, they'll vote for anybody BUT Andrew Yang because they actually want Trump to win.
Well I mean we do have a rule against being a dickwolf, there are limits to how mean we allow anybody to be here.
As if we don't encounter a million performatively woke white people who AREN'T Jewish!
7% in a qualifying poll? OH HELL YES!
I mean, I think something like Sonic is different from people trying to change the plot. Just saying the CGI looks awful is a very different kind of criticism. There's certainly an argument for "the creative arts are not democracies, art is art", but for it to have a leg to stand on you have to apply it universally. ALL outrage is then to be ignored, including outrage that you think something is racist or sexist or whatever.
Because if they wanted it, somebody who isn't an obvious troll would have asked for it? Okay lemme get real here, not for you, because you're clearly posting in bad faith and don't care, but for anybody who's genuinely curious: I doubt anybody is fapping to that picture, for one thing it's extraordinarily tame and for another most people here don't see Vivian as a waifu. There actually used to be internal arguments about sexy images of her and whether that was in keeping with her character. Ultimately the consensus was pretty much "they piss people like you off, so it's all good". Which brings me to why I doubt there will ever be male lewds in the sub CSS: Because the whole point of having lewds there at all is to give a giant middle finger to the PC police, who really only are interested in censoring depictions of women. You can come back with your balance garbage when 50% of the naked torsos on romance novel covers are women. Funny how there's no movement trying to demand that, you know, because fair's fair and all. edit: lol he reported my comment for harassment. Tells you all you need to know, huh?
This was the moral and logical equivalent of a person deciding to run off and join ISIS, then coming back and saying "oops, my bad" and nobody even considering the idea that maybe they should suffer consequences for it. Tam's not even Force sensitive, so it's not like there's a "the dark side scrambled my brain" excuse.
I mean technically a witch is the target here, rule may apply. As frivolous reports go I can at least respect the pun.
Look, "just try some Tulsi, you might like it", that's what they all say, but it's never JUST Tulsi. The moment you're hooked, somebody's gonna try to Yang you, and before you know it you'll be watching Shoe0nhead videos and voting for Bernie Sanders! Addiction can happen to you and it can un-ruin your country! It's a slippery slope! In all seriousness, Tulsi, Yang, and Bernie absolutely DO form an extremely effective pipeline for people who have been, or are in danger of being radicalized by the alt-right, or have simply been mistakenly led to believe that their values align with the more general right, to realize that their problem is not actually with "the left", it's with neoliberals, who claim to be progressive but aren't, who can hardly even be described as liberal despite putting it in their name, who have hijacked the language of leftism and repurposed it to be about identity politics issues which actually only serve as divide and conquer tactics to benefit the rich and powerful. Those people then realize that their issues are in fact valid, but their enemies are the enemies of the left as well, and one day they suddenly realize "wait a minute...have **I** actually been on the left this whole time?" The greatest mistake we ever made was allowing the alt-right to tell those people "we're the only ones on your side", but it's not too late to fix it. This is why the establishment is so terrified of Bernie taking the Joe Rogan endorsement. Because Joe Rogan lets him talk to those people, and those people are listening. If they join the Democratic party, it's over for the DNC establishment.
Well, you know, you did the important part.
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### It breaks **[Rule 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_1._don.27t_be_a_dickwolf)** (Don't be a dickwolf) &gt; We believe that to maintain a healthy engagement, we should maintain a baseline of respectfulness. While no one has a right to not be offended, we will not accept open aggression such as (but not limited to): &gt; Brazenly insulting others. (Example: "You're a fucking stupid bitch.") &gt; Wish harm on others. (Examples: "Kill yourself, idiot." ; "I hope you get cancer.") &gt; And, the following special cases which are based on _patterns_ of behaviour. &gt; 1. Badgering # Harassing another user across multiple threads, including persistent /u/ mentions and/or replies. &gt;2. Trolling # Posts and comments which are clearly not intended to generate discussion, but rather just aimed at generating as much drama and outrage as possible. &gt;3. Divide &amp; Conquer # Posts and comments designed to drive a wedge in the community -- especially when those posts are repeatedly based on speculative or unverifiable info. &gt; Note that this rule usually does not apply to people outside the subreddit, for example by calling the journalist of a shitty article "a cuck". But /u/-tagging a user into the conversation naturally makes the rule valid. &gt; Repeat offences may lead to a temporary, and ultimately permanent ban. #### It breaks **[Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines)** (Posting Guidelines) This post fails to meet the guidelines established in [Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines) #### It Breaks **[Rule 7](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_7._don.27t_post_bullshit)** (Don't Post Bullshit) &gt; A submission's title should either provide the headline of the original article, or a non editorialized summary if no headline exists. Non editorialized means that you accurately portray the facts and do not offer any opinion. Provide your opinion either as a self-post or in a comment. &gt; Remember to also provide evidence for the claims that you make. If your evidence must remain confidential, message the moderators to privately verify your claims. If a post makes a claim that is later **proven false**, the post will be deleted, regardless of vote totals. We don't want misinformation taking over KiA. --- #### This notice also serves as a **formal warning** for breaking the above rules. For more details see [this page](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules). Let's see, this is an obvious divide and conquer, so rule 1, doesn't hit any whitelisted topics, so rule 3 (an actual KIA poster would have known to label it a meta thread to avoid that), and it's also bullshit, it's not calling "a user" names if they're permabanned now is it? They can't exactly USE the sub anymore. Moreover, we are absolutely not going to worry about mods calling obvious brigaders, or trolls who deliberately incited said brigades, names while chucking them. And since your only participation here is to call people pedos and make this obvious bait thread, you can join them. --- *If /u/Loochatron has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/euphiq/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
What are you trying to prove? Literally nobody here defends this guy.
One of the big oddities of the show is their inability to commit to who they SAY Sabrina is. We're told that she's an extreme libertine...we're shown that she's a virgin and demands monogamy. We're told that she's a cannibal, we're shown that she has the same moral compass as the rest of us. And so forth. The show is unwilling to actually commit to having her live by the "bad is good and good is bad" worldview she and her coven allegedly espouse. Honestly if Sabrina walks in on Nick doing BDSM with demons her reaction should be "don't start without me".
People are going to form of opinions of movies based on how they are marketed. That's the whole point of marketing. It's just not having the intended effect because idiots decided to market with "smash the patriarchy". And as I recall, when it came to Wonder Woman, it was YOUR side that was bitching about her armpits and trying to keep us out of showings, we're the ones who were defending the movie and wanted to see ti!
I mean at least this time he nailed the air dash. Progress, right?
&gt; Do you actually deserve due process if you're fighting it every step of the way? Yes. Everyone deserves due process, that's the point. SERIAL KILLERS get due process. Wartime traitors get due process. People 1000x worse than a corrupt public official get due process. It's not something that can be forfeit, because if it could be, the government would ALWAYS say the accused has done something to forfeit it, and people would only have it if those in power want them to have it. Who would that hurt most?
That was one of the best moments of the series. Sabrina casually murdering one of her frenemies without a moment's hesitation on the logic of "well she'll come back anyway, I'm only giving her a good scare!", as though the whole thing were just a normal schoolyard prank was completely badass and a perfect encapsulation of who she's supposed to be. Same thing when she not only gleefully executed those two angels, but broke their wills and then killed them anyway after promising to spare them. BECAUSE THAT'S THE KIND OF THING A SATANIST WOULD DO! Heaven, staying a virgin should not only be anathema to her because it's no fun, but because it deprives her of one of her most powerful weapons. Why isn't she fucking people to manipulate them or to fuel spells and rituals? Why isn't she seducing HER OWN FATHER if that would gain her an advantage? Sabrina should be at least an antihero if not a straight up villain protagonist. Her romantic arc shouldn't be choosing between Harvey and Nick, it should be figuring out how to have them both, and whoever else she feels like. She should be dangerous and scary and a character the audience is alternately allured and horrified by, like Dexter Morgan or Walter White, and because the series functions on backwards morality, she should GET AWAY WITH IT ALL at the end! She should be a Cersei we root for, not an attempt to clone Daenerys. She's the antichrist, after all.
It's easy to suggest giving the establishment more power without thinking when you know it won't be used against YOU.
I mean, if we start questioning the ridiculous number of skills comic book characters have...
I expected Sanders and Biden to be the opposite.
&gt; You at BEST win a few battles every now and then but they DECIMATE you in the war You know who the President is, right?
Yeah. Yang Gang needs to get better at living by it. It's always easy to forget that the ultimate goal of politics is to enact the policies you want, and while who the person in office is matters, it's secondary.
Oh yeah. At the levels of fundraising we're at now, 250k is peanuts relative to the amount of effort people have put into this game. It's about WINNING. But I'm very afraid that Bee, who is clearly a Warren supporter, will pull some last second fuckery to invalidate our efforts, change the rules, or claim there's been a "glitch" and give the pot to Warren. That would be hugely demoralizing to everyone here...which is why they might do it.
I read this in my head in Bernie's voice.
I think him losing could potentially be a good thing, but depends who he loses TO. If he's beaten by Bernie or Yang, candidates the SJWs hate for being more about economics then identity politics, it could actually fix things on the left by showing the powers that be in the Democratic Party that this works, while pandering to SJWs in 2016 failed. If they decide to put the kibosh on wokeness, and give those orders to their media toadies, it's done.
Bernie occasionally bends the knee *just to keep them from smearing him*. For all the good it does. But you can tell his heart's not in it, and the fact he has to defend himself from their smears in the first place is telling in terms of what SJWs think of him. Remember when they flipped out on AOC for endorsing Bernie because he's the OG of everything she believes, rather than Warren because vagina? Bernie will probably pivot away from wokeness in the general. Bernie winning with Tulsi as his VP? Yeah, SJWs would try to take credit for it retroactively, but it would ring completely hollow and the party leaders aren't stupid. You don't get where they are without being a brilliant cutthroat political chessmaster. I mean [pro-Bernie breadtubers](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EPO5OXgU8AMRGb9.png) are starting to get redpilled on GG because they're watching the same tactics be used against them now. When that starts spreading I think identity politics is fucked. Not instantly, but the handwriting will be on the wall. But seriously, go on r/wayofthebern and say something pro-economic left but anti-PC, you'll get upvoted. Or just look at how they respond to people who try to pull woke garbage there.
Not an excuse to neglect the basics.
Biden 2020, "I have no empathy" If campaign slogans were honest.
Well, can't wait for this movie to get woke and go broke.
As if ponytails aren't already overrepresented. First they ask for diversity, then they demand everything become more the same.
Rule 1a, quit it with the dickery here.
Woot! And you know what, kudos to Samantha Bee. It's fairly obvious she herself is a Warren supporter, and a lot of people in her position would have done some last minute chicanery, claimed a "bug", said we were cheating, made a rules change to favor candidates having more players over more dedicated players, tweaked the system to make it look like Warren overtook us at the 11th hour, etc. But she didn't. She really ran an unrigged primary and stuck to her own rules. Thank you Samantha, you lived up to the "democratic" part of the Democratic Party when it would have been very easy not to and nobody could have stopped you.
I think it depends what it's like. If it's basically Suicide Squad 2, it'll do fine and nobody'll care if Ewan McGregor assed off in an interview. If it's a giant lecture on smashing the patriarchy, expect a big second weekend drop and ultimately a poor performance.
THE CHARACTER'S NOT EVEN BLACK!! I'm not sure if he's fantasy Arab or if he's just got a tan! Either way there's no stereotype there!
Some random person who's probably facing the total destruction of her social life can't be expected to have an iron will in these situations. Big companies can.
How is this threatening anyone's civil liberties? He can't just body-snatcher point and scream ANTIFA! and that person gets hauled off to Gitmo! All normal due process still applies to the crime of giving material aid to terrorists as it would any other crime. All normal standards of evidence still apply. You could walk down the street waving an Antifa flag if you want. Hell, you could walk down the street waving an ISIS flag if you want. That's not illegal.
No, I'm fucking not. I don't know what to say to you beyond that. You don't know the law. You're making huge, unsupported assumptions, and when the dust settles you'll be coming up with some excuse that everybody must be Trump's lackeys and that's the only reason the system didn't bear out your views.
&gt; Scenario: The left insist.... I don't think that makes the work ITSELF political. That's what the audience is bringing to the work, it's not what's in the work itself. Like I said, ink blot test. Now of course you could take the basic premise of Megaman and expand it out into a richly narrative-driven game with deep political and philosophical (and for note, these are two different things, though overlaps exists) themes. You might even get a brilliant game by doing that. But that doesn't change that the original Megaman games barely had a story, it was "a good scientist made a good robot to fight a bad scientist's bad robots, go save the world". It's an excuse plot. It's not SAYING anything meaningful.
Well, that's why I get into saying that the argument seems to frequently be made in bad faith. The people who make it sure have a habit of ignoring it when it comes to things THEY do and don't want to have to deal with politicized scrutiny of.
They're doing it FOR MONEY, the same reason they do most anything.
I don't think it's that outdated. I've been heavily involved in the video game feminism culture war, and the efforts to sanitize all the Stacy video game characters and turn them into Beckys. It's very common to hear overbroad arguments that the proportions they have are "impossible", and whenever I go digging up pictures of glamour models to disprove this, the response is that they MUST have fake boobs, no matter how much documentation, pictures from every angle, jiggle videos, etc I produce to prove otherwise. But one of the things that always seems to be implicitly assumed in those arguments is that fake tits = bad, and any beauty ideal that requires surgery to achieve is automatically unacceptable. Of course the people doing this completely ignore male body proportions that would require steroid abuse to achieve.
I think something has to be done about Antifa. And it has to be done quickly. I'm not sure whether this is the right thing or not. On the one hand, it gives the justice department room to act in necessary ways, and I don't know enough about the nitty gritty details of this to know if their hands are otherwise tied. It may be a lesser evil in that way. But it also seems pandering and inflammatory, like much of Trump's actions during these riots, it seems like he may be making things worse just to throw red meat to his base. I'm less worried that this is going to result in some sort of Orwellian purge of all dissidents under the pretext that they're Antifa than that it's going to lead to a series of petty tit-for-tat escalation which will make the riots worse, potentially including leading to vigilantism from idiots who think "they're terrorists, so I can do whatever I want to them". So my attitude is we'll probably know in a couple weeks whether this was a good idea or not, and right now I'm not completely sure. IMO the ideal solution to this would be if Trump made a deal with the Dems that he'll retract this designation in exchange for various less extreme concessions from them in terms of defunding and curtailing Antifa similarly to how other laws have targeted the KKK. But it's Trump, so the chances of him doing something basically reasonable like that are low, and we likely will have to hope we get the lesser evil in a bad situation.
Basically...it makes it illegal to fund them. They are a dangerous group, and they appear right now to be actively trying to overthrow the country by force. They don't have a hope in hell of success, but they're hurting a lot of people in the attempt. It should not be okay to fund the people who are doing this, they are engaged in a criminal operation.
Well, piles of hundreds of bricks to leave near planned protest sites aren't free, for one thing. If any of their claims of giving their members formal combat training aren't bullshit, that's not free either. They logically have expenses, somebody's gotta afford all those milkshakes. And then of course there's PR and legal defense. Antifa seems to be less different groups entirely than one group operating in cells, though...which is...well like a terrorist organization.
WHAT THE FUCK ICICLE?!?! WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?!
She's not wrong, but I feel like we shouldn't name of these personality archetype characters after a real person, even a shitty real person.
I'm not sure you could do that costume at all in live action without it looking stupid. Problem is 2/3 of the Batwomen are clearly not lesbians. I suppose you could do the arc, then have the other two retire because they've completed their goals while Sonia decides to stay with the identity full time.
This is a sitewide. Multiple communities have been banned or quarantined for allowing users to smear whole identity groups. Doing so in thinly-veiled code doesn't fly with them, and won't fly with us. Official warning.
Whether they intend to enforce their rule consistently or not, we will.
like I said, men are more tolerant of there being winners and losers in the sexual market, because men have an evolutionary drive to try to be the winners in that scenario. Monogamy helps the fittest women pass on their genes the best. Polygamy helps the fittest men pass on their genes the best. It sucks for a lot of less fit men, but male culture is more accepting of direct competitive behavior.
Antifa are not responsible for every single act of violence at these protests. But Antifa ARE the ones who seem to be actively trying to make the protests more violent, and ORGANIZING violence. They're the ones leaving caches of bricks and weapons near protest sites and such. &gt; You talk about a mass shooting but that wasn't political violence at all. It was found that the mass shooting was unaffiliated with the shooter's political views. A preliminary report based on some stuff he wrote. We don't really know. We DO know that at least one person attempted a mass shooting DIRECTLY BECAUSE of his Antifa ideology, and Antifa celebrated him as a fallen comrade. &gt; There's like a weird mental block going on where you've defended GamerGate as a blob not responsible for anything I have never said "not responsible for anything". I have said "not responsible for everything done by anyone who even might be connected to the movement". I am applying the same standard to both. The same standard that, and you can look it up, I've advocated for GamerGate many times: you can judge a decentralized movement by the AGGREGATE of what it espouses and does. Things like highly upvoted posts on that movement's online hubs, opinions of the movement's popular e-celebs that the movement does nothing to disavow, etc. Don't just look for the worst fringe nuts and say they represent the movement no matter how many times the movement condemns them. Right now, as of the moment of this posting, the top comment on the top thread on r/ChapoTrapHouse says "rioting works". You will never find an equivalently upvoted comment on KIA that says "death threats work". GamerGate denounced harassment and conducted harassment patrols. GamerGate insta-bans for any violent threats. GamerGate has done EVERYTHING PHYSICALLY POSSIBLE to distance itself from the people doing the things we got blamed for, and we still got blamed. Antifa, by every metric from which it's possible to gauge Antifa's aggregate opinions, endorses all of this, full stop. I have countless times shown people example after example of GG condemning harassment and threats through all of its most prominent channels. Can you find the same for Antifa with this violence? Can you find anything even close to that? No? Then don't tell me I'm being a hypocrite. I'm applying the same standard to two movements that are behaving differently. &gt; But you seem to be more concerned about the rioters than abuse by the state. Why? Because the rioting is killing more people than the cops right now. We can stop future deaths at the hands of police through structural reform that's deeply necessary (but not achieved by burning down an Arbys), but the way to stop future deaths at the hands of these rioters is to STOP THE RIOTS. Both in terms of immediate, direct deaths (excluding justified self defense), and indirect deaths caused by the destruction and flight of businesses plunging already struggling communities into economic ruin, and thus into deaths of despair, the rioters are killing more people than the cops.
Antifa is a movement. There are people who identify as part of Antifa. There's nobody I know of who claims they're part of Boogaloo. "Boogaloo" is something they claim to want to CAUSE.
Oh I believe 3 morons who want to boog were arrested. I just think it's funny they think "boogaloo" is the name of their group, not the event they're trying to cause.
The Saidit KIA sub is not run by us, it's, IIRC, run by the people who run KIA2 here on reddit, very different set of rules, very different topic focus, completely different mod team.
Lying? Do we actually know that? I mean I think the death of Alec Holowka is a colossal indictment of cancel culture as a whole, but no. I am leery of the legal precedent of holding any person criminally responsible for another's suicide, but if we're going to do it at all, we need clear evidence that causing a suicide was the other person's intent, not merely a tragic outcome of their irresponsible actions. Zoe Quinn should face severe social consequences for what she did, and civil consequences as well if there's proof her accusations were false, but not criminal ones.
Alright, I've had a look at this comment chain. u/Braaaapppppp u/nerfviking I think this is more miscommunication than malice. I can see both how a person could be afraid someone is trying to trap them into breaking a rule, AND how a person could think someone is hiding behind those rules to dance around their actual argument. Brap, we are actually a little unused to getting truly new people around here, it's mostly been the same group debating each other for a very long time. There is a lot of lingo around here and a lot of concepts that have developed in terms of how we talk about things like tribalism and the political spectrum that...I realize can sound odd to an outsider. Keep an open ear and you'll catch up, and most people are happy to explain. But I don't see enough evidence to call this behavior bad faith. I think there's a very good chance it's genuine confusion. I recommend trying to communicate without brinksmanship and sarcasm, both of you.
....You know, it's actually true that Karen is maybe the first example of "name calling" involving an actual literal name o.O
Call it what it is, censored.
Bright side, if Sophia gets doxxed in the near future, there's only one suspect.
You mean the autopsy report created by the institution that employs the accused?
So you are using "systemic" as a synonym for "de jure", and don't consider anything "de facto" to be systemic?
No. It's basically shot as a women's romance novel in which Geralt is a side player, and half the characters are racebent. I suppose it's good if you like that sort of thing. Also the showrunner is a blatant liar and should not be supported on principle.
Those that virtue signal the loudest tend to have the least virtue. This is known and pretty much applies universally. People with clean consciences rarely feel the need to make such ostentatious displays of their supposed moral superiority.
Well, Sophia Narwitz for one. And from where I sit, you were more often than not the aggressor in that feud. You two want the same things and should be working together, not competing.
"black lives matter", the statement, the literal phrase itself, is self-evidently true. "Black Lives Matter" the ORGANIZATION, however, pushes a lot of other shit, including abolishing family units. Their demands go well beyond "stop police violence".
We cannot operate under the assumption that the admins are literally lunatics. There is a level of scrutiny that no one can withstand, and if the admins are going to subject us to it, then they will eventually find or invent a reason to ban us no matter what we do. Even if we manually approved every single comment on the sub, eventually they would find some way to interpret something as breaking a rule that is so vague ANYTHING could break it. However, we have no real concrete reason to believe they intend to do that. Our working theory, or at least what most of us seem to speculate when we sit around trying to divine admin behavior with a ouija board, is that the admin team is divided between people who basically want to enforce the rules fairly, and people who just want to ban everything and everyone they even slightly disagree with, and the people who are at least trying to be fair have the final say for the most part. As long as people who are mostly trying to be fair stay in charge, while we might get additional scrutiny due to the people pushing for us to be banned, we can probably expect the standards required of us to at least hold up to the basic sanity sniff test. If the people who just want to ban everybody they don't like get in charge, nothing we do will save us, they'll just ban us for who we are rather than anything specific we've done, and cite a reason that's completely open ended like "hate" that can mean whatever they want it to mean.
De jure? No. De facto? Yes. Just look at the statistics, black men serve nearly 20% longer sentences than white men for the same crime, and that's just one of many metrics, but one that's particularly hard to "but but but!" about. Now, it's obviously not all because judges are bigots or anything that sinister, a lot of it comes down to the racial wealth gap, which translates to the racial ability to hire a competent lawyer gap. But why is the racial wealth gap a thing? Well, redlining, largely. And while redlining may no longer exist on paper, it very much still exists in practice. Education is also a big deal, and leaves minorities, particularly blacks and latinos, stuck in a vicious cycle. They go to underfunded schools in poor, minority areas ----&gt; they don't get the education they need to be qualified for high paying jobs ----&gt; the tax base in their area can't generate much revenue for the government ----&gt; the schools in that area are underfunded. And on and on and on until somebody does something about it. You can quibble over the semantics of the term "racist", but the results are discriminatory in practice, and if your argument is simply that the term racist doesn't technically apply by its dictionary definition then we need another term that describes this, because right now "racist" is the closest to accurate word we have to describe a demonstrably real phenomenon. And if people are too lazy to even create the necessary terminology to talk about this issue...well I wonder about some of THEIR biases too.
This was reported as a sitewide, I see nothing here that violates reddit's rules.
Reported for bad faith. Bad faith means something the arguer clearly doesn't believe, not something you think they shouldn't. Approved.
[I found a hilarious reaction from someone who thinks this is a literal army rather than pandering to morons who think their weekend paintball games make them a militia.](https://twitter.com/cassandrarules/status/1270122732081106947?s=21)
I mean sure, at least in some cases this will happen. But the idea that camo hats are somehow an equivalent to Hitler is...dumb. Nevermind that if you follow this chick's logic literally, then Trump doing the opposite of Hitler...I mean I'm pretty okay with anyone being "the opposite of Hitler". I think we should all strive to be the reverse of Hitler.
And most importantly, "if once you have paid him the Dane-geld, you never get rid of the Dane". That's the part these people need to learn.
The exact timeline is available on various sites I can't name on reddit, but basically it was one of those obvious grift accusations where a person accuses years after the supposed event, right as the person they're accusing is on the cusp of a big achievement/has money, the accuser tried to set herself up as a professional victim, and then when Temkin even slightly hinted he might sue for defamation, she disappeared back into the woodwork. Now mind you, if he sued, it would be HIS burden of proof to show the accusation was false, so if she backs down at the first implication he might do that, nevermind she didn't have a shred of evidence to begin with, I consider that exoneration for Temkin. Put up or shut up. [Oh and Kotaku put out a particularly infuriating smear piece insisting he was evil for defending himself at all, guilty or innocent, rather than using the destruction of his own life to advance the cause he was being torn down in the name of](http://archive.is/PIgaE), which they had to hastily backpedal on. It was pretty much "admit you did it even if you didn't do it, for feminism".
I think most of this, most of what we've been seeing in the last few weeks, is the result of the lockdowns. You can't cage people for two months and not expect a dam to burst. It's not sustainable. Either this is going to peter out, or it is going to intensify to a point where there is radical backlash. The last time in American history that something like this happened, Nixon got elected.
Okay, so within two days of setting up the glorious AnCom utopia, the autonomous zone is begging for supplies on twitter and crowdfunding, demonstrating that nobody involved knows what the word "autonomous" means, the leader, who embodied every conceivable left-wing stereotype as a hypocritical vegan white boy who decided he's transgender to free himself from toxic masculinity got cancel cultured to death, and then the entire area was taken over and subjugated by a black Chad with guns. If I made this up people would accuse me of a strawman argument. You could not POSSIBLY better encapsulate all the reasons this whole ideology is unworkable and doomed, nor could I better work in the stereotypical depictions of every group involved. Wow. The only reason Trump is not stopping this with the army is that you guys are writing his campaign speeches for him.
They've taken over a small section of Seattle and seceded from the country. Within 2 days the guy running it has been cancelled to death and the area's been subjugated by a heavily armed rapper. John Q Public is looking at the state of the country right now and going "what the FUUUUUUUUUUU...." This is NOT sustainable. And it is not going to continue like this.
That could be said about all of this. Taking down gone with the wind because it's racist, magic the gathering removing cards that negatively effect black units (which in the game has nothing to do with race), this would all have sounded like a satire of political correctness a month ago. And it's going to bite them all in the ass in November. You can sometimes make normies forget that what was parody a decade ago is reality now...but not that what was parody last week is reality now.
I mean personally I think Joe Biden is facepalming right now, he's not for this kind of thing, and I still basically think he's a good dude. But this has definitely hurt his chances regardless of whether the media says the opposite.
Oh come on....
A LOT of people don't notice until they're affected.
More and more people are speaking up. They really overplayed their hand this time.
I fail to see how refusing to give a single company monopolistic control of distribution within an industry is sociopathic.
Oh why am I not surprised.
"We"? I mean, KIA cannot do this. If you mean America, Trump is not getting rid of 230. His apparent plan, if he even CAN do it legally and there's some debate on that, is to essentially make 230 protection contingent on unbiased moderation.
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### It breaks **[Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines)** (Posting Guidelines) This post fails to meet the guidelines established in [Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines) It hits the following blacklisted item(s): social media hot take level: scorching --- *If /u/lyra833 has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/h8ae0f/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
The more I think about the ST, the more I think Disney rushed it to push the old main characters out the door and make way for the new ones way too fast. It should have been TWO trilogies. One to introduce the new characters and slowly pass the torch, and then one in which they're fully the stars. Imagine, for example, that Finn was introduced as the leader of an elite First Order commando squad, who dogs the heroes throughout Episode VII while showing himself to be a worthy adversary who has some level of conscience and sense of honor, THEN in Episode VIII, he defects and becomes one of the good guys, but it still takes time for him to truly embrace the ideals of the Resistance rather than it merely being an alliance of convenience because he believes the First Order has gone too far. How much better a character, and better an arc, would that be?
Rey going dark side certainly would have been a good twist, but I'm not sure it's necessary for the story to be good. I definitely think Rey should have expressly been a Palpatine from the start, and had to wrestle with the burdens and temptations of that legacy and the power that comes with it, both in the Force and in the fact that a lot of these Empire LARPers would like to prop her up as the rightful Empress to give themselves legitimacy.
This is literally all these people market on anymore.
I thought you won't be drawn into a bickering thread with me because I'm not worth it? Or is that only when I ask you for evidence you know you can't produce?
So yet another aspect of games that will have to become all propaganda, all the time.
I don't think it really has to do with the opinions of gamers themselves. Gamers, overall, have never really liked this social justice crap.
I've told you before, I'll write out the tenets when we can at least agree that "social justice" is an extant, definable ideology. There's no point trying to describe the details of something to someone before there's consensus that it exists in the first place. Writing out the tenets, giving an actual explanation I'm satisfied with for something quite complex, that would be a couple hours work at least. I'm not gonna do it just so you can dismiss it out of hand. I need a show of good faith before I'm gonna put real work into responding to you again, because you've exhausted my belief that you have any interest in legitimate debate. The last large comment of mine you interacted with, you put on FFA and called me an incel. So forgive me for thinking the primary reason you interact with me is to bait me.
This post has been reported for multiple reasons, including a claim that the commenter is an operative of the CIA. Having an unpopular opinion about a video game is not against the rules here. Neither is having a job in the intelligence community for that matter, as incredibly unlikely as that is.
And your assertion that self-selection in terms of use of tactics runs along ideological lines, and that SJWs would not use this tactic even were it available to them.
Yeah I'm sure that'll go well...
Well, if the rest of your comment is built up from a statement that is absurd, I will simply point out why your premise is absurd. And how the hell would you harass GamerGate in general? You can harass people IN it. I mean what would you be doing, sending abusive messages to Vivian James?
I mean Discord leaks are a thing, so it's totally feasible that if this existed you could obtain proof of it without going to any ludicrous lengths.
No, it's an attempt to silence the entirely reasonable perspective that you should surrender your will to Darkseid, a viewpoint that's embraced by a growing portion of the American populace as more are forcibly subjected every day to the horrors of anti-life.
&gt; So all those "she must be guilty because she deleted tweets!" "Oh, the tweets are still there" ones are just getting ignored? As I said at the time, years later, with a lot of stuff that wasn't archived having vanished from the internet, it's hard to piece back together in some of those cases who is talking about which tweet. &gt; By "doesn't seem to be sound" you mean, "was faked" right? You really think anyone actually put that hash comparison out there thinking it meant something? I'm not a technical whiz, I don't really know. &gt; The one you admit she didn't make? I can find even articles friendly to her that used phrasing like "in hiding" or "on the run". &gt; Because they concluded that nothing happened? Or because they didn't have anyone specific to go after? They concluded nothing happened worth charging. GamerGate is not capable of evading the FBI. &gt; Oh yeah, that was the other lie. She never said she contacted him, she said she contacted law enforcement. Which if I understand correctly, includes more people than just that prosecutor. And his office said that no criminal complaint was on file. So she didn't do any of this. Unless you're alleging a conspiracy here. &gt; That's a new claim I don't think I've heard before. This also later turned out to be Jace Conners, claiming to be a military sniper. With a lot of confirmed kills. Yes, this was the Navy SEAL meme. Again. &gt; Dunno, that may have been played up a bit, it may not. Oh now we're back to that might have been real on her part? Uh huh... &gt; What of them? Do you think she believes this is a real concern? Or is it ludicrous to claim you're worried about weaponized asteroids? &gt; Still pretending gators don't have a history of making this shot up? Funny thing, didn't this all start with you claiming objection to me generalizing an opinion onto one person based on the actions of a group? Funny how that rule never applies to YOUR outgroup.
They just can't keep in their pants. It's not about craft, it's not about creativity to them, they have a MESSAGE, and they think it's IMPORTANT, and they just HAVE to beat you over the head with it right out of the gate and unrelentingly. And everything else about their story, all the factors necessary for writing to be good, are subordinate to that. Like look at what's currently going on with Batwoman after the lead actress quit. They absolutely INSIST that Batwoman must be a lesbian, and must also be played by a lesbian. Not just "accurate adaptation of story, Kate Kane is a lesbian in the comics therefore she is a lesbian in the show", they insist Batwoman must be a lesbian even if the cowl is worn by someone OTHER than Kate Kane. Even if they make up a new character, MUST BE LESBIAN. So despite what a small minority of the population lesbians actually are, the random new character who takes on the costumed identity just happens to match Kate Kane's orientation, what a coincidence. And then what happens to Kate Kane? Well normally in situations like this, the old hero would be killed off, but they can't do that because "bury your gays" is an unacceptable trope, so the character must not die, EVEN IF SHE CANNOT APPEAR AGAIN BECAUSE THE ACTRESS LEFT. So she mysteriously vanishes...but there's no way to actually SOLVE this mystery because the actress is gone, so she's just out there in limbo and the show has written themselves into a corner. Nevermind that if they have stated as a rule that gay characters cannot die, and about half the characters on the show are lesbians because representation...then how is there any tension? You know gay characters are always safe, and conversely you know not to get attached to any straight characters because they'll be killed off to fill the necessary quota of dramatic deaths. Everything about the narrative has been sacrificed for politics. And this is just one example, but as long as that's your primary concern, situations like it will always happen.
Anything that can get your adrenaline pumping can temporarily increase aggression, and aggression is not necessarily a negative trait. But there's no permanent effect, it's a change in MOOD, that's all.
It's a site known to host dox and harass people they deem lolcows. And no, they don't have an official list as far as I know, they just ban shit at random then act like it's always been that way.
Then the entire idea of race is moot. Everybody is just funny looking humans.
To avoid misleading anyone, there appear to be two somewhat similar-looking male characters on Abby's team. Manny, the character previously accused of being a Druckmann self-insert, has dark hair and a man-bun, much like Druckmann himself frequently does. This is the character that spat on Joel. The character who has sex with Abby is named Owen, he has somewhat lighter hair and no man bun, and is rather more conventionally attractive. There's still a bit of a resemblance to Druckmann, however, at least in my opinion. It's certainly psychologically interesting that keeps happening. **But these are not the same character.** I just went and watched the fucking Abby sex scene to verify and make sure this thread was not spreading false information. NEVER QUESTION MY COMMITMENT TO THE GOOD OF THIS SUB AGAIN!
When you're too racist for the people who are too racist for the people who get called a racist hate group.
No she...really won't. This very much seems to be what she wants. It sure seems to be very hard to get her to say something's good enough unless the developer gives her money, yes, but on the issue of sex appeal and femininity, all of her criticism pushes in one direction.
"Bots", right, sure. Any proof of this? Sequential account names? Weirdly similar language in all the reviews? We always have evidence when we claim botting.
Well you're clearly just here to troll, so you're not here anymore.
Yeah?
Normally that last line would get you warned. But in this case it's actually literally true. Holy shit.
Okay, well, can't blame Bailey for refuting blatant bad information then.
I have not played the game. I hate it for numerous reasons that have nothing to do with "it has women in it". I hate it because Neil Druckmann is a hypocritical asswipe who toots his own horn about what a great feminist he is and hates on others for not being woke enough, while he stole control of his studio from one of the most legendary female developers in the industry and filled his game with weird, fetishistic torture porn that would get any other male dev crucified as a misogynist. I hate it because its marketing campaign focused on nothing but diversity and virtue signalling, while concealing and actively lying about the game's plot and dog-killing, and attempting to make it impossible to criticize the game by preemptively vilifying those who dislike it. It used women and LGBT people as shields for corporate profit, actively worsening political tension and polarization in our society in bad faith. I hate it because we have actually reached the point where a developer is altering the real bodies of real women to actively make them uglier and less feminine as some kind of twisted virtue signal, while participating in a movement that has for years relentlessly gaslit anyone who's argued they were going in a direction that would lead to that point. I hate it because after the first game made me love its protagonists, it killed one of them in a horrible, pathetic way and left the other utterly broken and ruined, while forcing the player to actively participate in their downfall by playing as Abby, who gets away with everything she did scot-free. And worse, it erases the previous game's moral ambiguity and replaces it with "actually these are terrible people and by extension you are a terrible person for rooting for them", beating players over the head with that condescension like it's a golf club. And I hate it because after the aforementioned problems got revealed, Sony actively BROKE THE LAW by abusing the DMCA to intimidate anyone who criticized them, not only issuing strikes against people who hosted the leaks, but also against memes, against people talking about the leaks, and so forth, things they had absolutely no right to do, and once again they hid behind wokeness to avoid being held accountable for their shitty behavior, and because they're virtue signalling to the woke ingroup, the games press completely ignored the very newsworthy story of a major studio doing illegal shit to bully their detractors. Those are the ACTUAL reasons that I hate it, not your strawman bullshit.
You would have to demonstrate that their claim of merit-based hiring is a lie, and they are in fact intentionally not hiring women. Proof of this could come from some sort of internal memo getting leaked, former employees testifying that they were given such instructions, or even just shown on the basis of pattern evidence where in cases of two candidates of opposite sexes having the same qualifications, it was always the man who got hired. Hiring based on merit is legal and expected. Pretending to hire based on merit while in fact discriminating is not.
A company who did this could, if publicly traded, get in serious trouble with the SEC for misrepresenting its profits to investors.
Immediate 14th amendment challenge, almost certainly successful.
She's....25. and looks identical aside from the hair.
She looks like she's zen, fulfilled, but also not sleeping very well to me. You know, pretty much what you'd expect a new mom to look like.
Part of? There's MORE?!
And who was he to you at the time this happened? If the answer is not "your boss", then this is fucking nothing. This is "man made pass at woman". That's not misconduct. Slap him and move on with your day.
I mean looking at a list on wikipedia of his rally crowd sizes, and guesstimating from the stadium's seating capacity, it seems like this was an about average rally for him. He just got tricked into thinking it would be much bigger and overpreparing. He didn't really have much choice where to hold it though, most states aren't allowing mass gatherings.
COULD he hold it in Florida though? I don't think Florida's allowing mass gatherings yet, they certainly weren't in May.
She'll always be Jaina to me.
Why does nobody seem to understand effective activism anymore?!
Do you have any actual EVIDENCE that this is COVID related?
I mean the diversity makes sense, I never really saw a problem with it. The humans were subjected to a forced migration, of course all the different kinds of humans are all jumbled up living in the same places now. I mean yeah, there is that signature Netflix obsession with interracial relationships, and with it the logical question of how did a society with no taboo on race-mixing and everybody living together not interbreed back into one new mono-ethnicity centuries ago, but that's really the only part of it that's a bit grating. My biggest criticism is more with the morality, the show has a very "both sides" take on who's to blame for the hostilities here, and if anything it always seems to put the burden on the humans to forgive the past and fix things...but all the history it shows us really puts the fault squarely on the elves and dragons. I don't know why the show doesn't hold them accountable. I mean...a reasonable argument could be made that Viren is right here. I just don't understand how it's somehow more evil to hunt animals for magical reagents than to hunt hem for meat and furs. What right has a dragon, a carnivorous apex predator, to get on his high horse about animals being killed? Other than that though it's a really good show, very Avatar-esque...and the janky animation goes away after season 1.
This is kind of a good take, actually. Their philosophy is simply antithetical to having truly uplifting stories and heroes. It always comes down to them being bitter people who are shitty and have decided human nature in general is shitty so they don't have to feel bad about themselves.
This is right on the line of getting you a warning. I'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt that you're just trying to make a point about unfounded accusations.
The show in general is super wholesome.
It's comic book logic. She's got the little eye patch, so you don't know it's her. I'm glad they preserved all the costumes and all the silly stuff verbatim from the comics.
Outliers exist. There are two gay characters of any real note among a fairly large cast, their minor love interests, and a lesbian couple who only showed up in a flashback, and died. And for note under social justice rules, killing off gay characters is completely haram. There is one disabled character. I don't really see a problem here. That seems proportional. The original Avatar series wouldn't have been allowed to do gay characters at the time...but it sure IMPLIED it in some cases. And a blind girl was one of the greatest warriors of her age. Legend of Korra actually had two of the main characters be bi.
Don't mean it's true.
Well yes. That's my whole point, no sense getting to what the tenets are before we even agree that it exists. And I'm happy to try to prove to you that it exists if you're willing to set a goalpost that isn't something trollish like "go commit a felony".
He's a white supremacist, so you're supposed to hate him and enjoy the horrors inflicted on him. I don't know how they don't notice though that they're making black people look so awful it's gonna make a white supremacist seem RIGHT.
See, "kill them all" doesn't actually work Sure, it might mean Lev specifically isn't around to come for revenge, but you can't know the people in that room are the only people in the world who love Abby, and all the OTHER people you're killing likely have loved ones too, some of them not in that room. You'll spend the rest of your life wondering if you got ALL the people who might seek revenge, or if someone will show up one day coming after you and those you love. You'll never have peace.
That's horrible, and the world lost a wonderful resource that was intelligent, insightful, and gave words to a lot of ideas that were out there but poorly described. I'm disappointed that Alexander capitulated to this, but the lion share of the fault lies with NYT for doing it in the first place.
Agreed. Anri is best JAV thot.
What? I mean has there EVER been a purer Kafkatrap than "the fact you had evidence to support your claim is reason to doubt your claim"?
I'm just happy to see a growing number of people who ARE rebutting, and aren't just taking this lying down. I haven't seen a single one of this recent wave of MeToos in our hobbies where I actually felt like this should be career-ending wrongdoing even if it were true, and many of them sound like obvious bullshit.
We are literally at the "comply or we will punish your family" stage.
We have really reached a point where a man hitting on a woman, PERIOD, is considered abuse.
Before I approve this post...just a quick question...WHY do you want this list? We don't want to be connected to any effort to direct some bullshit at game creators or what have you.
Yeah right, the whole games press lined up behind her.
I just badly, badly want there to be a scene like...Icicle makes the area a big fight is happening in super cold, Tigress comments that at times like this she wishes her costume had proper pants, then "SOLOMON GRUNDY WANTS PANTS TOO!"
The neoliberal establishment has worked tirelessly since Occupy to change the definition of "left". To make it no longer about income equality, social safety net, environmentalism, peaceful coexistence with the rest of the world, or any kind of reasonable view of racial justice, but instead turning into corporatism virtually indistinguishable from republicans but with a toxic, zero-sum identity politics. And you can see the fruits of that simply contrasting the peaceful, months-long occupation of Zuccotti Park with the CHAZ. The leftism of 2011 was effective, persuasive, and resonated with the public until identity politics infiltrators divided it against itself. The "leftism" pushed by corporate media and establishment backers today is fucking nuts, with lunatic LARPers pretending to be a country, people getting shot, and an endless series of memes for Republicans. It is today "fascism" to propose that we should confront the injustices of the world with the strategy that a rising tide lifts all boats, because that mentality scares those who rule us.
The only thing stiff here is probably Bret Baier whenever he thinks about AOC, he just doesn't wanna admit it.
This is a call to violence, you're going to be taking a vacation.
On the one hand, I think it's fair to say that Biden was a lot of people's...well not their first choice, and won the primary by all the other neoliberal candidates basically voltroning together into him. So yeah, there's a lot of sentiment of "he's not my guy, but Jesus anybody's better than what we've got". But that's still a very legitimate and sincerely felt sentiment, that one is looking at the two options side by side and saying "this guy is better than that guy" even if they don't think either are perfect.
You really shoot your argument in the foot picking a game to use as your big example where the developer has been an absolute shit for years, openly contemptuous of his audience, sniffing his own farts, censoring games and inserting propaganda, partnering up with the worst moral panic merchant in gaming and giving her money just so he could do all the things she claims are terrible in his game and she wouldn't say anything, total hypocrite, his company breaks the law abusing the DMCA to silence critics, press refuses to cover it because he's part of their clique, etc. After all that you really think people are gonna give his game the benefit of the doubt? Or should? No, we're gonna assume that the decisions he makes in the game, in its narrative and characters are made for reasons consistent with his personality and the toxic views he preaches. Because that's a reasonable assumption. That's not the same thing as hating it because it has gay people or women. And you want some evidence that this is forced diversity? Where's Abby getting the protein powder? Do you have any idea how hard it is for a woman to get that buff, even WITH all the assistance of the modern world? You could not do that in the apocalypse.
I was really struggling to place Anaya, but Virtuoso would make perfect sense! She very much fits both visually and power set!
Not all parents are insane. o.O
First off, none of this has anything to do with the statistical fact that LGBT people are overrepresented already. If you think that further distorting reality, showing people a world on TV that looks less and less like what they understand to be reality, will help to reverse declining acceptance of LGBT people, you are deeply misguided. You can't just bombard people with media that says they must approve of something until they capitulate. The more you do this, the more they will recognize it as propaganda and resist it. Representation is one thing, but if you're arguing for the use of media as social programming, yeah, that's nefarious. It doesn't matter if you think your goals are noble, the ends don't justify the means.
If we'd done something like this to someone, it would be "harassing women off the internet".
I have marked every day on my calendar from now to then "not today, Satan!", and the 21st as "TODAY, Satan!"
The thing is...they're not truly RACES, that's always been a misnomer. They're SPECIES. And that's why the arguments that they shouldn't be generalized as good or evil are so wrong. There's simply no guarantee the minds of a different species would be wired in at all the same way as humans. It is very possible that some of these creatures could have simply never evolved an ability to feel conscience, empathy, or altruism. Just look, for example, at how different even species as closely related as chimps and bonobos are, and both are sentient beings, capable of individual personality, learning, language, etc. But still, you can clearly draw generalizations about how the two species behave, and they're worlds apart. Now imagine a sentient species had evolved from crocodiles. You think they'd be anything like humans, psychologically? Of course not.
The mod team discussed this subject with the OP quite extensively become giving him the green light to promote here. He was cooperative and addressed several of our concerns in terms of the rules and potential abuses thereof, including editing out some details that seemed like trouble spots. Speaking just for myself, I have a good feeling about this place and the guy running it, he seems serious, professional, committed to an ideologically neutral forum, and prepared for the colossal shitstorm that might rain down on him if the fanatical loons running ResetEra decide he's a threat to their power. A lot of times we're very frustrated by Era, and by how little we can DO about it considering the admins' overbearing harassment rules. Well, this is something we CAN do, we can help a competitor succeed.
This sounds shady as fuck. Obviously Alinity won't be touched by any sudden commitments to enforce the rules strictly.
I can concede that the coincidence is sizeable, but I also think Wallace jumped to conclusions about something he had not even seen, which if you see the size of it, and the fact it's a functional part of the garage and not something someone had simply placed there, has a plausible innocent explanation. Jumping straight to national news, covered as a hate crime, that's irresponsible on the part of both Wallace, who had not seen it, and the media. [Especially considering this is not the first bogus noose panic we've had since the protests started](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/nooses-oakland-park-exercise-aids-man-71314468). We need to be more careful about this kind of thing. This is not the time to be spreading fake noose.
It's also about whether the HBO series gets quietly forgotten.
That's not counting the money it took to make and market those movies. It's also been well documented that toy sales for the new movies are poor.
Well yeah, Mandalorian was great and everybody loved it. Don't get me wrong, I think Star Wars can recover. But let's not sugar coat it with PR spin, it had a few bad years there, considering the investment they had to make back.
He didn't do this to win. Good God what's wrong with you? He did it because he knew it was right for both of them. It was an incredible display of emotional maturity, and he did it as much for her good as his own.
&gt; I meant a little more by that though, cleavage and men's arms are totally different. They're only different because society has decided to be fucked up. To just NOT COUNT male secondary sex characteristics as sexual. We only get to actual equality if we start rejecting ALL the bullshit, not just some parts of it and perpetuating others. &gt; Your second point though, the creators choosing what characters wear, I don't entirely disagree with, however if women tell the creator (probably a man idk might be wrong) that they don't like something, especially if they are women that are working on the creation, thier voice also matters. But who speaks for women in general? There's always gonna be women who fall on both sides of this argument, just as there will always be men who fall on both sides of it. I really believe in the right of those who create art to make it the way they choose and for that to be respected. That's part of free speech. And it goes both ways. I think men have a right to create fictional women designed to appeal to other men...but I also think women have a right to create fictional men designed to appeal to other women...or any other combination. I think women should be allowed to have...you know...Jamie Fraser and Edward Cullen and Christian Grey and so on and they shouldn't be changed or taken away just because they make some men feel uncomfortable in some way. I think there's a big difference here between if we're talking about REAL PEOPLE and if we're talking about FICTIONAL CHARACTERS. Obviously a real person has the right to control of their own body and how they choose to present it to the world, but a fictional character...is fictional. They're created to entertain an audience. I don't think that people have a right to control of every character with which they share an identify trait. To my thinking, the right to a character belongs to their original creator first, the majority opinion of their dedicated fans second, and anybody else a distant third. Obviously that's not how copyright law works, but I'm speaking morally, not legally here.
A bit from column A and a bit from column B. On the one hand, we're incredibly conscious of how many subs get banned when they become about generally pointing out how horrible SJWs are. On the other, there's differences of opinion among the mod team on what's meaningfully "official social justice" and what's just pablum. Some of us are of the opinion that we shouldn't just roll over and let virtue signalling become so normalized, others feel we make our own side look crazy if we get angry every time a company tweets some woke slogan.
Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): #### It breaks **[Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines)** (Posting Guidelines) This post fails to meet the guidelines established in [Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines) It hits the following blacklisted item(s): #### It breaks **[Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines)** (Posting Guidelines) This post fails to meet the guidelines established in [Rule 3](/r/KotakuInAction/wiki/rules#wiki_3._posting_guidelines) It fails to hit any of the whitelisted topics. --- *If /u/willnigelsaveus has any questions about this action, or wishes to appeal it, do not reply here; send the mod team a [message](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FKotakuInAction&amp;subject=Appeal&amp;message=\[Related submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/hhr71u/-/\)).* *^Appeals ^from ^third ^parties ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Do ^not ^PM ^any ^individual ^mods ^about ^this ^action—they ^will ^be ^ignored. ^Modmail ^is ^the ^only ^channel ^to ^appeal ^decisions, ^so ^please ^use ^the ^link ^above.*
I would point out that this is the reason why the two active mods here are on opposite sides of most culture war issues. We keep each other's biases in check so moderation here remains fair.
Still a goat kisser. But I refuse to concede to the idea of a world where intent doesn't matter.
I guess so.
I dunno...I think she threw a powered tantrum and killed her mother by accident, and that's why she's so messed up.
I don't know whether I hate Cindy or want to hug her. She's absolutely terrible but it's so obvious that's the result of her father completely messing her up and there's still some good left in there he hasn't managed to stamp out yet.
Reddit is shadowbanning that name. I have tried to approve your comment and I can't.
This is likely to run afoul of the new site wide progressive stack hate speech rule. No warning at this time, but STOP, and read my sticky.
This is likely to run afoul of the new site wide progressive stack hate speech rule. No warning at this time, but STOP, and read my sticky.
This is likely to run afoul of the new site wide progressive stack hate speech rule. No warning at this time, but STOP, and read my sticky.
This is likely to run afoul of the new site wide progressive stack hate speech rule. No warning at this time, but STOP, and read my sticky.
He said he cares about his fans, he must be destroyed.
Yes.
He did it to make a point to the rest of the ISA.
Which ironically banned r/consumeproduct
