hmm.. BoSox don't have much in the way of prospects that could make a near term impact. their top rated prospect would be more of a road block than anything. On the MLB side the only one that makes any sort of sense is JBJ and that doesn't really make much sense either. JBJ's bat has tailed off quite a bit though. Maybe Eduardo?.. best guess for pirates targets are eduardo, JBJ, Chavis and or Groome as project pitcher/prospect (injuries) can't wait to hear what they're actually talking about though
sorry that just doesn't work. there are so many flaws in that logic just assume i think everything you said is wrong lol there are quite a few decent back up options in the catching market that shouldn't be expensive... don't get set on Stallings. Unless the pirates decide to risk it, extend cervelli and hope his health holds. he won't be on the team in spring. and really its not about the money... the money isn't that much even for the pirates it is about getting and extending value.
from your previous comment: &gt; I don't buy that "they have to trade him before he has no value". Okay they don't have to but if they don't they're dumb &gt; If they trade him, it's just them cutting money for a player they don't need to pay that much No they're not, they expressing confidence in Diaz and getting something of value back &gt; They would 100% be better off with keeping Cervelli, and having him alternate between the backup catcher and 1B role Its rare for the pirates to pay 10m of a player, but they're not going to pay 11.5m for someone they plan on playing a back up role. &gt;[rather] than to trade him for prospects and replace him with Stallings. That's 100% what I'd expect them to do, there are quite a few veteran catchers out there on the open market the team could bring in that I would have confidence in starting if diaz got hurt. Even if Cervelli isn't traded i'd expect the pirates to pick one (or two) of them up. &gt; and I don't buy that they would use the money elsewhere. they dont' need too, especially if they get a middle infielder in return, though it would be nice if they found a good place on the mlb roster to put it. so nearly everything you said in that comment. &gt; You said that they have to do something before Cervelli "has no value", why do they have to do that? Keeping Cervelli as a depth piece has value, you don't have to dump every veteran player a year before they hit free agency. you don't HAVE to trade them.. but in this case you almost have too. Hes too valuable to other teams... the pirates have a hole in that needs filled and need to restock the farm. If they can fill a hole or get quality prospects at anticipated positions of need then they have to do it. the side effect of that is that they may end up saving a couple million this season.
Lowrie for short is my goal.. sure he isnt' great at it.. but about on par with mercer with a much better bat.
seems legit :-)
&gt; Believe it or not, you can keep your good players and let them walk as free agents in an attempt to be good. Shocking strategy, I know. in an attempt to be good? If there where no better options then maybe but there are quite a few better options, including trading Cervelli &gt; And again, there is value in keeping Cervelli and trying to be a good team with him. Is he expensive for being a backup 1B and catcher? Of course, but if you're not going to use the money elsewhere, why are you even looking to move him? The money saved is only going to line Nutting's pockets. There is little value to keeping Cervelli as a backup 1b/catcher. when you can possibly get a starting short stop, or back end rotation arm.. or quality prospects, who during the life of their contract will have MUCH more value than one more year of cervelli. Up until atleast around 2012-2014 ownership didn't get paid a salary from the pirates franchise beyond enough to pay their taxes and fees, up until then nearly every dime in profit went back in the team. If Bob is taking a salary now.. good for him he and his family deserve it for bailing out the team saving them from bankrupcy in the early 2000's to taking over the team later that decade and turning it to a profit machine while having a far superior team than it had the previous decade. but of course you know .. the Fan and local papers.. you know they don't like to say stuff like that cause you know.. Ogden news papers is their competition.... /sigh... sorry rant.. but really.... geez. &gt; And it's stupid to trade him just to get rid of his salary unless you're going to be using that money elsewhere, which I'm not sold that they're going to do. If they're getting a position of need or quality prospects.. its not "just to get rid of his salary" and if they don't need to use the money else where be cause what they got in return filled their needs... whats the problem? &gt; This is a complete assumption on your part that they would sign a veteran catcher instead of running with a Diaz/Stalling duo. What from the Pirates history makes you think they'd sooner sign a veteran free agent over going with a cheap passable option in a bench role? Just like it is an assumption trading cervelli is a salary dump.. its not. Just like trading Cutch was not a salary dump.. Liriano.... that was a salary dump. No one is talking about anything like that. It makes sense that they would sign a vet catcher. There are quite a few available that would make good backups and would be cheap. &gt; You're assuming they'd get a middle infielder in return for Cervelli, which is a flawed assumption to begin with. From what I've read, it sounds like it would be prospects for Cervelli, with the Pirates really liking the Red Sox #7 or so prospect (a pitcher from Venezuela, can't remember his name). I'm assuming they'll get something of value. Cervelli, being one of the best catchers in the league is worth more than B prospects.. well unless there are a lot of them. and the Red Sox top prospect (lower top 100) is not all that desirable. I can see them getting hernandez but it won't be 1:1. There would be another piece or two coming back.. Like Groome, Nunez, Holt.. .. &gt; You didn't provide a single reason for why anything I said was flawed logic. You just said "the Pirates are dumb if they keep Cervelli", and said my logic was flawed because I didn't agree. everything you said is based on keeping cervelli would make the team better... parking cervelli as a backup would not make the team better. &gt; The Pirates won't be filling any holes on their team by just trading Cervelli, unless they go and use his money elsewhere. That was my entire first comment, they need to actually address some of the problems on their roster if they're clearing up his $10 million. I'm not sold they're going to do that, because they don't deserve the benefit of the doubt when it comes to those situations. as i mentioned above they can. if the sox can't do it then you call the astros.
international money doesn't work like that [here is the info on the posting system](http://m.mlb.com/glossary/transactions/japanese-posting-system)
yuppers, its near the bottom of that page i linked :-)
&gt; You're basically taking a 4.5 WAR catcher and turning it into a 3 WAR (at best) position by removing Cervelli. Not sure i follow, Cervelli was 3.3 fWAR last season in ~400PAs, Dias was a 2.0 fWAR in ~275PAs. Assuming Diaz plays a full season gets 400+ PAs and continues as he did last season he'll be between 3-4 fWAR. (f)WAR is kinda a misleading stat but yeah your right they're probably not going to get 2 war from a pen acquisition but they really don't 'need' to make up 1.5.. they just need someone better :-) to the point of signing a catcher.. i'm just pulling names out of a hat. there's a handful of free agent catchers that could fit the bill. most of the backup types should be had for under 5m/2y. I had even though about Stewart.. well on a minors deal.. just to see if they could get that guy he was just a few years ago.. if not offer him a coaching job Now don't get me wrong, i'd love to see a healthy Cervelli there but if they can get something good, they can do it with out missing too much of a beat, even better if they get an mlb starter up the middle decent mid/back end rotation pitcher.
I like WAR (regardless of B or F though f is a little more useful) but be careful with it ;-) If you think Diaz will continue what he did last year during a full catching season he'd be just about there on his own. if they get someone who isn't negative as a backup that is good enough. AS LONG as the return is good, wither is a 2 WAR SS, a 1WAR starter, or a top 100, etc... in terms of actual wins a few points of WAR either way isnt' that big of a deal as WAR isn't wins. just need to get the right people in the right place.
definitely my favorite. when it was on TV i made it through season one and never turned it on again when it was on air. A few years later I found re-runs that where on my lunch break and it brought me back and I never looked back. In rewatches i really enjoy season 1 and 2 as well, just interesting to see how they got to where they did. not a knock on other series.. just a praise for DS9
update us when the drive is busted.. just so we know how long it takes.
I almost feel bad for J-Hay.. shooting his mouth off, and then failing to produce. If he woudln't have been soo bad this season pirates may have had a legit chance at the play offs. has to hurt the ego a bit. shame, he is one of my favorite pirates. so much fun to watch, will be missed.
I tend to agree... the story of his career.. when healthy pretty darn good, when not... not so much. at least at the plate. seemed to hold his own in the field.
seeing her as captain marvel in this trailer makes me excited for what they could possibly do with adam warlock.. chills.
[here you be](https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/practices/inquiries_religious.cfm) &gt; Pre-Employment Inquiries and Religious Affiliation or Beliefs &gt; Questions about an applicant's religious affiliation or beliefs (unless the religion is a bona fide occupational qualification (BFOQ)), are generally viewed as non job-related and problematic under federal law. &gt;Religious corporations, associations, educational institutions, or societies are exempt from the federal laws that EEOC enforces when it comes to the employment of individuals based on their particular religion. In other words, an employer whose purpose and character is primarily religious is permitted to lean towards hiring persons of the same religion. This exception relieves religious organizations only from the ban on employment discrimination based on religion. It does not exempt such organizations from employing individuals due to their race, gender, national origin, disability, color, and/or age. Other employers should avoid questions about an applicant's religious affiliation, such as place of worship, days of worship, and religious holidays and should not ask for references from religious leaders, e.g., minister, rabbi, priest, imam, or pastor. TL;DR: it is legal for religious institutions
just sold and amd 1090T with 8GB and a Radeon 6850 (i think) for 100$ with no drives or OS I wouldn't buy it. Any upgrades to it will require a full platform upgrade. (CPU/Board/RAM) Even when new the AMD FX series wasn't very good. Personally i wouldn't pay over $150 and that would mainly for spare parts (drive, windows license (assuming valid) and PSU) while having spare web browsing machine.
LOL i just built my inlaws a Sandy bridge 2c/4t system was like here you go.. plopped an SSD in it and a fair amount of ram that i had laying around.. for browsing and stuff can't tell the difference between a old sandy bridge and a 16core thread ripper.. well unless you look at your bank statement :-).. for light cad, probably want to get at least and Ivy Bridge 4c/8t though, this year or next a lot of the Ivy bridge dells should be coming of their 5 year warranty and you could probably dumpster dive a handful :-)
if you can find a cheap x99 board go that route. watch /r/hardwareswap and related subs i seen a couple go reasonably cheap (less than $200) If you are going to go with ryzen, i'd go with the 2700. I recently went from a 3930k (the x79 version of what you got) to a ryzen 1700 and regret it. wasn't worth the money. outside of bench marks it really isn't any faster. Even rendering is only a small fraction faster. the Ryzen is nice however, glad AMD has something to compete with now.
I loved enterprise.. i hated the xindi. the idea was cool but the CGI at the time didn't do it justice and left me more mad at it then i should be. if they could remaster the aquatics and insectoids .....
https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/a3d3wb/usamih_pcserver_part_out_w_paypal_local_cash/ side note just saw this..
in context i believe they mean re-evaluated. though Investigate works too, just that people see investigate and they assume some sort of government entity doing the investigation.
Cannot win an argument for one simple reason. No one can say when life begins and when it becomes wrong to take take that life. I don't think that will be solved in our life time, if ever. If it is alive, doesn't that human life have basic rights? Once that "problem" is solved then we can have a reasonable discussion on proper procedures. as far as current time. It sure is a hard one. Everyone has sympathy for the mother... but what about sympathy for the child? They are a victim too. But then, we're talking about a very small portion of the abortion argument. The exception (rape) does not prove that abortion would be a good thing nor does it win an argument against pro-lifers.
skim of both the pages you linked, did not see a single link to the bill. Doesn't matter to me that much as i'll probably never look at this again. but the actual law they're bitching about would be useful to some.
LMAO, not sure it actually works in the real world but the meme is funny.
first, don't change my quotes improperly.. i didn't' say legitimate, nor did I imply as such &gt; By whom? How? by the (broken, but should be fixed) justice system and a doctor to confirm that the very least that something fishy is going on. I'm not in law enforcement nor a doctor, so i can't comment on that that process, i only know its sometimes way too slow for it to work. &gt; What about the woman's rights to medical privacy and bodily autonomy? In the case of rape, those rights where stolen from her already. The process we are talking about is trying to give her back some semblance of those rights. in other cases, there are no rights being taken away from a woman who gets pregnant. &gt; The state dictating medical procedures to them would violate their rights no rights are being taken away from doctors? sorry but that is a bad argument &gt; let alone the woman's rights to medical privacy and bodily autonomy. again, no rights are being taken away from a pregnant woman.. period. in the case of rape, we're discussing on how to give back the rights already take from her by a criminal. &gt;You are literally advocating that doctors act on behalf of the state, and therefore all pregnant women lose their right to medical privacy. I am doing no such thing. I'm advocating that when it is reasonable to assume a crime is committed against the woman that took her right to choose away, even if I disagree with it; then the state should work to restore the rights taken away from her. &gt;Not to mention she has every right to do anything she likes with her body. Including drinking, smoking, heroin, suicide. up until it harms others, why not? [edit after your edit]: until you can prove the baby isn't another.. then.... &gt; You don't have to agree - you just need to realize the state is not a tool to control women. I have a feeling we agree more than we disagree.. just havn't gotten there.
&gt; None of those things harm anyone else. just edited after your edit. &gt; When is it "reasonable" though? who decides that, and how?. if you read my comment, i said the justice system and a doctor.. with the assumption that the justice system gets fixed. &gt; This absolutely must be addressed if you are going to take away a woman's right to her own body. again, in the case of rape its not about taking away a womens rights.. that already was done by an individual (not the state), where as the state is trying to give back her rights. &gt; You do realize that if the only legal way to obtain an abortion was through claims of rape, women would claim to have been raped just so they could get the procedure. you do realize women are already screaming rape, often falsely in order to ruin peoples lives. Often it simply isn't true and not hard to figure out. &gt; How do you control for that? If it seemed reasonable at the time and the abortion was performed but it its found that the claim was a complete fabrication, you charge those who made the false claim with false accusation charges (varies by state) and a variation of murder/manslaughter WHILE opening the door for the father to go for civil charges against the woman for killing his child.
I recently came back to firefox (version 50's somewhere) and i'm loving it. old netscape user in the 90s stuck with mozilla stuff until about 5-7 years ago.. when to chrome cause it just simply worked better with a lot of the sites i used. the monster that google has become has me looking to get a way from google products as much as possible (as if) lead me to giving firefox a try again.. and other than a few small issues like with gmail, youtube, etc.. where firefox seems tad slower.. its great.. never going back unless mozilla does something dumb or just starts lagging behind again. so.. theres a +1 in the market share here.. Also been suggesting it at work over chrome where it makes sense.
I missed out on it.. i think i'll wait and hope that happens again. If a 1070 dies after 100 days and out of warranty i'd be less up set than if a 1080 did :-) or when the new price gets to ~300 for the 1080.. plus i'm not hurting *that* bad, my 970 does well enough still
err messages?
Adam Warlock there are a handful of actors than could pull off the look, but most of the ones i come across seem to be in DCU.
he isn't great at short but about as good as what we had with a better bat.. and he is much better at second so if tucker makes a jump while Jed is here, he could slide over if it makes sense. Jed easily fits into the pirates budget with no other moves
about the same here.. Manny would be nice.. but Jed is much more realistic, yet still fairly unlikely
last time i tried about a month ago.. took 5 minutes to find a match.. found a match and the rest of the night played with the same 20 or 30 people over and over. thats not proof of a dead game but the population surely is low... at least compared to before
does it boot? over heating problems? wires away from other moving parts so they don't get snipped or frayed? If thats fine then so are you. Cable management is just to make it look cleaner and often as a result easier to manage if you want to make changes. My cable management isn't the best to begin with, but if you saw some of the rats nests i've done that on builds where i'm short on time and there are no windows.... you'd probably have nightmares. (mostly personal builds)
nice.. anyone want to buy ass ass in creed odyssey for 71.99? seriously though.. thanks! not to find someone to pawn the game off too for a few bucks lol
Cervelli traded to the astros for some combination of Josh James, Freudis Nova, Framber Valdez and/or Ronnie Dawson (mix and match depending on how one values cervelli) Nova Traded for a couple b type prospects one of which is a catcher. If they don't find a trade partner for cervelli and they think he'll be able to stay at catcher for the next couple years.. then they try to extend him beyond current deal 2 year 16M + incentives for innings at catcher and plate appearances that can reasonably add 4M/year. 3rd year vesting option for the the same type of deal. hopefully we see signings for names that might include Jed Lowrie Gio Gonzalaz, Derek Holland, Justin Willson and a back up catcher (if cervelli is traded).
i've been using firefox since it was called netscape. Not overly worried, but certainly worth keeping tabs on. Just keep promoting Mozilla to friends family and co-workers where it makes sense (almost every where now days)
I dont' totally disagree with you but libertarian (as i understand it) is not isolationist it is non-interventionism. There maybe overlaps between the two but generally speaking quite different things.
&gt; Ah yes, central tenet of online debate; argue one point and pretend the whole thing can be done away with. staying out of this particular debate but wanted to chime in here after seeing it while skimming.... LMAO this is sooo true. Pretty much every topic. Politics religion. education, health, sports, etc.. 50 good points by one person can bet completely discarded by disproving just one of them, even if the one disprove is a joke or sarcasm. I wish this was 'just' online but you see it in actual debates and even on 'news' channels. Hell I've seen real world projects canceled for similar reasons. I'm going to blame that 80's ewok movie, cause why the hell not :-)
to be fair, Wonder Woman ended up easily being the best DCU movie (imo of course). Even with those low standards, it was a damn fine movie. My only semi-legit problem with what i've seen in the trailers in captain marvel is that i havn't seen a reference to Ms. Marvel (though something may emerge with the lost memory?) and that she comes off as too pretty to innocent and emo to be a bad ass captain marvel. BUT that is also the story of many superheroes.. you little back story of who they where, a struggle to get through a problem and then save the day (or lose the day as we saw in IW). So with the very limited footage we've seen.. my complaints are probably not valid at all. I am very excited.. like crazy excited to see a cosmic powerhouse shooting energy projections and stuff. I'd bet 90% of us [edit] don't care what the sex is of the hero, EVEN if we liked Mar-vell better than Carol.
probably would've been better served to push harder the argument of compelled speech. maybe they did and i just didn't' see much of it. [rant] I don't care what people think they are, but if they decide to change that for whatever reason, getting upset about it when someone won't call you something different than what they have known you by is non-sense. If I known you as Stacy for the past 15 years, and then one day you tell me that you are now Steven... I'm still going to know you as Stacy. EVEN IF i want to call you Steven I would still know you as Stacy that won't change over night if it ever changes at all. If that is sexist or bigoted well then.. piss off. What really matters is what you believe and no one is holding you back, just move on. [/rant]
son of a bitch, i have to go re-think my whole life now.
wtf kinda bot is this lol
got a strong core that either needs a couple of their young guys to hit their 'prime' and become the stars we thought they'd be OR they need to make some moves, to push them over the top from a .500ish team. Basically they got 7 position players who should be around .800 OPS if they do about what is expected from them. which is pretty good but they lack a power threat. Polanco, Bell, Moran and Kang should be hitting more but we'll see.. if they do.. they'll have a powerful offense. They don't have much in the way of short yet. Hopefully they pick up someone like lowrie who could add more offense OR a very high quality defensive player for a year or two until tucker show his defensive wiz at the mlb level. Rotation looks strong IF healthy and Archer continues getting better could be one of the best in the MLB. If they get a quality lefty in the rotation... then even better. Depth looks okay as long as you dont' expect 7 innings out of the 6th man call up, and Keller hopefully has his change up working later in the season. Pen looks pretty strong, needs a 1/2 inning lefty with brault picking up the long relief roles. Bench looks okay, but really depends on Kramer/Newman if they'll star performing to expectations. all in all solid but unremarkable.
option, read for HTTP-AUTH pop ups. add an internal counter for the website session.. if it reaches 3 throw a pop-up, do you want to see further from this site? (then give the http-auth url) just throwing it out there.. probably a better place would be Bugzilla but i never go there
even if you do, they really don't care.
your options include * Appealing (not repealing) to google/youtube. They don't have a support number as YT it technically separate (i found this out after my account was suspended, due to fraudulent Copyright claims) i believe they have a chat though and a forum * making a new account and what ever you did to set off YT, stop it.
I wouldn't worry about the 'bottle neck' much. i'll still work better than before. When you can afford to upgrade do if you want.. To be straight up.. other than amd's jump from FX to Ryzen there hasn't been much advancement in CPUs. a new 8th gen Intel or Ryzen isnt leaps and bounds better than Haswell. in the mean time keep an eye out for a 4790K, i think that would probably work with your system.. check you motherboard to be sure. Probably fairly cheap on /r/hardwareswap or ebay. maybe another 8gb stick too if you find it on the cheap. Just don't put too much money into it, since yeah while might not be leaps and bounds faster... still.. if you are putting $300 into an old build.. might as well spend $100 more (or whatever) into a new one.
If he'd go for a a more reasonable 8 year in the 240-250 range i could see a possibility even if it would be like 3% chance....... but that won't happen.. apparently agent already scoffed at a 10 year 300m with yankees that that could just be rumor
He'd probably cost quite a bit in terms of prospects. good control.. Gold Glove defense.. like better than Jordy by 10 miles and a fair bat.. doesn't get on but hits a few homers... guy had a 3+WAR and had a .230 avg.. great glove. Not sure if i'd prefer him over Jed since the teams bigger problem is offense but i definitely wouldn't scoff at the idea.
I'd probably just upgrade to a large SSD and new video card. then in another year consider an up grade again, unless you just wana geek out.
Ahmed has 2 years of control left at cut rate price (though probably going up quite a bit this year) His glove is where he is... he bat is worse than mercers just with more home runs. Ahmeds value is 100% glove and it is a HUGE value. while probably not a current top 100, i could see them asking for a couple of our top 10s and hed be worth it pending who those top 10s where.
tech guy here, go cat6 unless you want to do it again in 5-10 years. 1gb is more than enough NOW, but 10gbe is slowly getting affordable. for the "minimal" cost, might as well. if you are scraping pennies though 5e will do you for quite awhile. heck by the time you'd want 10gbe (not being a tech person) wifi may be more suites to your needs. so.... i guess cat5e unless you plan on a home server of some sort... darn i, talked my self out of it lol
Gold Glove Short stop, an elite defender that has some pop in his bat. Definitely much better than league average as a whole. Not only is he MUCH better than anything we've had (that started on a regular basis) since Wilson, but also cheap and controllable. Definate upgrade to the pirates hands down no doubt. That said... the pirates need offense. That is not Ahmed, over all bat not much better than jordy, but young and teachable still. so there is some bright side. I'd much rather have Jed Lowrie who is MUCH worse at defense than Nick at shortstop, But not MUCH worse than Jordy at Short.. but more offensive potential now out of the gate. But I would not be upset to have Nick if the trade package is right.
no idea what ncs tech is but, noticed the udel and del.gov links, happen to know someone that does, have done DB work for them. Nicely done.
wrf.. a .700ish ops with a mendoza line avg. lol. there some pop there
OPS is On Base percentage + slugging. his slugging was 411. which yeah isn't Trout levels, its some pop. almost half of his hits where for extra bases. OPS doesn't really mean Home Runs, though home runs do generate the most toward OPS per hit anyway. My point is he has potential to be an .800 OPS guy simply by getting his average closer to league average. Combined with his glove not only is it an upgrade.. it would be a HUGE upgrade over last season
96mbps or 96MBps. sounds like its mb.. but just double checking.
just raising his average alone to something more respectable would get him nearly there.
not as long as the wiring is consistent on both ends. There is a standard that 'should' used but if someone slips up.. not a huge deal. Edit since there is some confusion... The switch nor the network card care what color the wire shielding is, as long as the wires are in the proper positions. The colors are for our sake so when we need to make changes or track down possible problems.
you can get cross talk an a properly standardized pin-out too.
potential doesn't mean he has, or will. new eyes might have find something that lets him get more contact. with the pop he has that may allow him to get to .800OPS Thats what im saying.. he may never hit over .220 again for all i know. Even so he'll be an upgrade simply because of his glove.
i've been out of the loop for a while, what about the cheats and the netcode?
I'll concede my experience above 1GBe is limited. But still i woudln't see a problem as long as they're following the twisted pair in the right sequence. If they're separating the pairs randomly across the pin outs yeah I could see problems arising.
one movie i'm hoping for (though probably won't happen due to MCU being different and GoTG)... Warlock and the Infinity Watch as a lead into a second chapter with the infinity gauntlet. hey.. you asked Want.. not think... one can hope, don't kill my dreams please :-)
yeah that was pretty much my last straw, though occasionally checking in. Good game just needs finished. That 'game breaking bug' was kinda fun/funny for about 20 minutes though.
&gt; Well actually nearly every single ideological sub--left, right, whatever--lives and breathes off of confirmation bias. I actually have a good time coming up with apposing points of view. Sometimes ones i don't agree with.. for example a few days ago I was debating abortion in the cases of rape (which i don't agree with really) and recently i was semi-defending Trump.. well not so much just pointing out there hasn't been anything yet that would be cause to remove him from office and that the way the investigation is going is wrong. See a crime and investigate not investigate until you find a crime. I'd encourage more people do do such a thing if for no reason other than to get a better appreciation of the other side even if in the end you still disagree with it &gt; THERE ARE INSTITUTIONAL PROBLEMS BASED ON GENDER if you are going to say something like that then you need to back it up. You can't simply say there are less women CEOs and call it done. as the OPs link points out there are fewer men in day care work.. doesn't make it an institutional problem, or even a problem at all. A qualified man walks in for a job, they'll be considered. I'd say that's probably the same for women too (generally speaking i'm sure there are SOME bias, can't help that) IMO: the only time there is a problem is when someone doesn't get a job specifically because ~~they're~~ their gender.. the pay rate is up for negotiation.
can almost take care out of it to lol.. i say that sarcastically with a hint of truth. I know my level of care has gone down, while the cost is at least 4times as much.. really not worth it but i know if i where get rid of it id really really need it cause Murphy. I'm sure there good things in the act but man...
I do, i don't want harper, simply extend dickerson, easier to pull off.. less than half the price per year, 10 year contract you are buried in should he throw out his back and never be the same. THE ONLY player i'd put 30m (or more) is Trout. NO character questions, and quite likely the best player of the generation. If his agent where to walk up to Neal and say 400M 10 year deal with an opt out somewhere along the line (assuming he was a free agent) neal better agree .. after some haggling of course. I'd consider manny at slightly less on a shorter deal. you also need to consider the pirates salary goes up next season due to increasing contracts of marte and polanco especially. I think Felipe too
not a disappointing haul for him. I'd rather have gotten a second b(ish) type prospect.. preferably a catcher but the bonus money is probably about the same. With this trade it think the pirates might now have the most available? but i dont' remember if they spent any recently
Nova would've been basically the 5th starter behind Taillon, Williams, Archer and Musgrove. Keller expected later in the year, and a hand full of good project pitchers available in free agency (one they already picked up) Plus still rather early, lots of trade and free agent possibilities still out there.
thought Kuhl was out for 2019
Lyles will probably get a shot in spring as well.
That makes no sense. All Star Pitcher with cheap control very possible starter material for Cervelli is a catcher who may not be a catcher by the end of the season.
in total pirates paid cutch 54.52M, Phillies paying him at least 53M Includes the 2.5M pirates owed him as part of the trade deal with the giants and his signing bonus in 2005. Does not include the MiLB salary which isn't worth adding up.
I'm with you here. Bryce has been good but not like Trout. 20m maybe even 25m sure i can see.. 30M+ na. you could get three pretty good outfielders for about that price. also with you on manny.. no problem giving 25M too simply because he can play SS respectablly. MAYBE 30ish If it was a shorter guaranteed deal. said it before say it again.. Trout is about the only player i'd give more than 30M for.. guy is the best of the generation with no real character questions.
red sox are opening up JBJ, Xander and Porcello for trade. ALL THREE would be great here. make pretty much every prospect available not-named Keller Hayes or Tucker, add in Cervelli and dickerson. Get Rick, Xander and JBJ Thats assuming they're not extending dickerson fill all our big holes (rotation Short) Plus an decent OF with another year of control. All they need to do then is get a back up catcher and a pen arm If they fall short at the dead line they can make up the prospect loss with Xander and Rick with dead line deals.
ive seen them go nuts on all types including special features. not a big deal if not doing adsense.
definite possibility. We do know that at least until a few years ago nearly all the teams profits went back to the team. Assuming that is still the case.. i don't have much of a problem with the owners pocketing the money.. but sure would be nice to drop some of that back into the team woudln't it? :-)
thats the luxury tax payments, which are being phased out.. (the pirates and others have been receiving less yearly for the past few years)
well.. he isn't a very goood short stop. but he can play there. his bat makes him VERY net positive no doubt. but he is much better suited for third. I view him (as a better hitting and much younger) Jed Lowrie. barely good enough to play short but his bat makes up for those deficiencies. I'd use'm at short in the pirates situation for sure HUGE upgrade over all.. but he he simply isn't a great fielder there. that's one of the reasons that to me, he is not worth 300M/10y or more. But i would consider shorter term 3-5 year at 30M avg plus options and a player opt out. Manny (and bryce) might be better off doing that anyway... shorter, higher yearly pay, re-enter the market at age 30/31 and get another large payday but less security risky for sure.
wishing i had a truck right now.. Up vote for someone (almost) down the road from me. GLWS!
this could actually be the pick up of the year. DSL isnt' a way to judge a player but the huge leap in performance he took in '18 is a big deal. Edit: then again might not even make it through spring.. lol for the price worth a shot.
11.9 SO/9, 3.32 SW/BB, 0.1 HR/9.... also did better over all as a starter than a reliever last year. and 15 WP LOL still will be interesting to see what happens with him.. probably one of those ones that will be either really good or really bad.
seems like a good guy, i can't ever remember i time i questioned his work ethic or morals. also a solid player much of the time he was here.
welcome back!
stop telling people what to do, its not libertarian :-D
you won't notice a huge difference.. if any under real world conditions.
they are nice though. I like mine, but before i was on standard sata not m.2. less cables are nice :-) If you ever build a new system consider it if you have a few extra bucks in your budget that are not better served else where.
"Did you notice a sign on the front of my house that said dead skrull storage?"
"What do you call a cheese burger on the Kree Homeworld?"
Machado isn't much of a short stop either. not that hes the worst but he certainly isn't good at it. That said he's still be a huge upgrade over all for the pirates even at short.
There is a complete DS9 Aftermath series. Its pretty good. "A Stitch in Time" written by AJ Robinson (Garak) is probably the best startrek novel i've ever read. deals with Garaks back story and how cardassia was rebuilding.
keep going if you are a Garak fan (who isn't?) then you'll dig it :-)
I'd ignore anything under warranty if its working fine for their needs. If they pitch a fit about it, i'd probably replace it and use the old one in another department or as a 'hot' spare.
not any more, thanks for that lol ;-)
&gt; he will have a legitimate opportunity to earn a spot in our rotation in 2019. &gt; - NH He only has the 'inside track' so to speak is because hes they only one they brought in so far. Nick and Steven will compete with him. It would surprise me a bit but they could use a combination of the three for the opener style once every 5 days. but there are still a couple months until spring and still options available in FA and Trade.
nova wasn't exactly cheap for a back end rotation guy. I'm not keen on Lyles but getting rid of nova and getting a little back wasn't a bad move at all.
Keeping in mind Neal is probably only looking for a place holder until Keller is ready and probably looking to use Lyles out of the pen where he had some success last season.... Assuming that's true.. you probably won't see a signing or trade for a starter that has a track record of not being bad.
&gt; nova wasn't exactly cheap for a back end rotation guy. On a one year contract. If he had another year of control they would've kept him until the deadline in case someone got injured or keller hasn't made the jump and then traded him for a box of chew. I like nova, he does okay as a back end guy, but he isn't even an inning eater, he had 11 great games with the pirates after the trade and got his payday.
you're missing the point. hes not 8M better than what we have now. end of discussion.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt here because its worked before with the pirates dumpster diving for pitchers that worked out fairly decently.. doesn't always turn out that way though... Niese for example. Look, Ivan was barely any better than replacement value that isn't worth 9m. its barely worth a highly fringe prospect and bonus pool cash. Once all is said and done i'd expect another project pitcher or three to throw at the wall to see what sticks. Then again.. they did trade for archer last season maybe they'll do something else crazy. (doubt it) Not going to talk about the salary and stuff cause there's soo much more than revenues, payroll and stuff to talk about and I just don't want to today other than to say... Just no.
for those few of us who have no twitter access can you post what it is? edit: thanks everyone!
Ahmed is one of (the best) fielding shortstops in the MLB with multiple years of control and a cut rate price. With Moran/Kang and Frazier playing 2nd and 3rd the extra defensive help for them would be great! As long as he stays above the mandoza line at the plate then he would be a significant upgrade over mercer over all. If possible i'd still go for both if the cost for Ahmed is semi low.
if you are a 24/7 shop, minimum wage (at $15) will cost you 131,040 in salary alone that's not counting any benefits or holiday pay you may offer. thats just to man that post 24/7 Self service setups cost about $125,000 give or take and have about $3,000/year in maintenance unless something major goes wrong. the risk of theft doubles if there not is an employee watch guard near by however over all its really not all that more expensive than an person the first year. the second year and moving forward you save at least A LOT. I would figure an upgrade cycle every 5-10 years. This makes since regardless of what minimum wage is, though the increasing minimum wage is probably pushing it a little faster than it would be. every time i see these i think, "Go away or I will replace you with a very small shell script" as we used to say in IT... sometimes still do lol. Personally, i never use the self serve. I rather support a person even if i disagree with the minimum wage hikes
&gt; "alternative credit" what is this? this another term for manual underwriting?
Credit isn't bad (as we see with home purchases) Debt is the problem. Most people don't have the will or ability to handle them properly. those that do think dave's ideas are 'crazy ass', even though his very simple ideas help those that can't live better lives.
yeah, tend to agree. Thanos had one of the gems at that point (i think) but i don't think it was active....(?)
monitor, i'd wait on that part and watch for something like the HP Omen 27" 1440 to go on sale for ~350 or less. they have been the past 6 months or so. for video.. what /u/Zenerism said.. more storage, but if it is just short 5-10 min clips 500gb probably okay for now if there is some other 'cold' type storage.
you'll have to trace it see where it goes. Typically you'll have a box or patch panel in an 'out of the way' place like basement, closet, attic something along those lines. where some sort of equipment goes to tie into the network and from that area out to rj45 jacks through out the house
i'm not all up on the dell monitor, but at 24" with 1440 makes me gag. my eyes wouldn't be able to handle it. But if thats the size hes looking for.. maybe.
once they plowed through those early finding their character and place episodes the whole series came together. Miles is still my favorite character from the show.. but Ben and Garak are right there.. when all three are on the screen... giggity.
if you can post some pictures of what you got.
No ban. as far as i'm concerned most bloggers and too many real journalists are "guilty" of the same thing. IMO no bans for anything unless there is some sort of personal attack going on or getting onto non-pirate/baseball stuff. IMO: when someone says 'industry source' it is just a rumor. When someone says, "a rep from the front office" little more stable. When someone says, the masuse of the PA for the GM's cousin.... i find it just as credible. If they cannot say NH said (or someone directly from the office) or specific sources then.. just rumor. the sad fact is, I may have more 'industry sources' than many of the bloggers out there and I know two maybe three people that i would consider fairly strong sources. IMO if you ban Jason, ban Tim.. and pretty much every other blogger.
the Patreon scandal?
I think we figured between 20-35$ depending on the position so that sounds about right.
listen to your doctor. i dont know much but i do know that there is quite a bit of overlap in symptoms. could be a hand full of things including c dif and cd. if you havent yet, get q referral to a GI, preferably one that has experience with CD.
adding kemp and puig is pretty great move by the reds but still a meh move. This move was all about financial flexibility lol. saved the dodgers a bucket of cash and moves two players they've been looking to dump (while getting some prospects) Reds dump their contract with baily and fill some roster holes. Yeah the reds will be better the moves they made so far are not overly exciting. Pirates getting Lyles and Chisenhall is nearly as good much of an upgrade IMO. Lonnie in 2017 has a similar fWAR to Puig and Kemp in 2017. EDIT: Wood probably the best pickup for the reds(?) side note. Baily will probably be available on league min contract in the not to distant future. worth picking up to throw at the wall see if ray and team can make him stick.
first drop everything off the network except the problem PC. If it works ok clean up your other computers. Problem still exists? try patching into a different port on the switch. If it works get new equipment. Still happens? pull a cable from a working PC and try it. If it works just multiple bad cables, it happens (though rare) using a known working one as a test... Still happens? need more infrastructure information. Do yo plug directly into the switch? or do you have a wall jack for your Ethernet your pc plugs into that goes in to the switch? (for example) If its something like that move your pc into on of the working rooms and test it. (or into the room where the switch is) EDIT: also would help to know the model of the equipment you are using. (the equipment you actually plug into)
okay but in the case of AoU Stark is perceived as the cause of the problem
stark and banner created ultron
Current team 9* Valk, 9* Sig, 8* Deathswoon, 7* vesa, 7* Queen, 6* Kroos. Swoon is going to be fodder for valk once i get the mats for it. (just need another 5* swoon and valk) Queen should be 8 star after Trials so i can use Norma 6* for fodder and Vesa is also about ready too. (hopefully both by tomorrow) But who to replace swoon with. i have 6* demon hunter and nearly enough to 6* xia. i'm thinking about replacing Kroos with heart watcher once i find another heart watcher.
came to say, 26hr days too.... but still.. good catch by op.
dell by chance? Edit: asking if its a dell cause they're update software was crap for a time and would fail in updating filling up the c:\windows\temp under certain conditions.
single 27" 1440. then pick up what ever cheap 1080p i happen to find that isn't annoying if i needed a second monitor.
not any more. Moved away lol. I'll help my immediate family out if its quick simple or if they just want a suggestion. however if it is much more than turning it off and on again.. call support. that's why you paid them is my go to if i don't want to be bothered.
eh rather buy an NiB ASUS 1070 for ~305+ tax if i'm going to spend that much might as well spend a little more and have a bit more assurance. if it was closer to $200 to my door i'd be more interested. But still.. thanks for reminding me to check their site from time to time hope that crazy deal they had a while back pops up again :-)
goal?
970 may do you in older games. or in games that don't 'require' 144hz to play. if you are getting a 60-75hz 1440, stick with the 970 i say. but if you are getting your geek on and push 100fps.. i'd say the 2070 when there's a good sale and bundle. I'm running a 970 on 1440 and it does blops4 reasonably well with mid settings. I do drop down to 1080 though just so i can have more eye candy enabled at more fps which makes competition gaming easier.
mind you i'm fairly newish too (few months) but yes. Valk is pretty much the best in game (well that i know about anyway) and there are a couple other great forest ones as well. ( Vesa, Heart Watcher, Demon Hunter ) that you will want. Any other forest 5*s you get too are great for fodder for them too.
this is probably part of it at the least. after someone noted the 'conspiracy' a bunch of people probably jumped on (like me) and disliked and removed multiple times lol. google made some changes in the past year that made this less of an issue... never even occurred to me.
it should work okay.. but the AMD-FX cpus are one of the instances where you should probably look to a CPU upgrade instead. (which would require new CPU, Board and RAM) going from 8 to 16GB probably won't give you much of a boost in speed, really only make it more smooth if by chance you are filling up the 8GB. I'd suggest saving the few bucks now and a bit down the line go for a platform upgrade instead.
I don't know much about the game but i heard it is very bad with memory(?) If you find cheap ram, might be worth it for you then..
you're good, just double check the monitor settings. for me it defaulted to 60hz in windows and i had to change it manually.
here you be (windows 10) https://www.windowscentral.com/how-change-monitor-refresh-rate-windows-10
lack of characters is such a pain in giving context. I would assume Rand is talking about socialism in government? its like Saying being anti-gun is going against pro-choice, yeah its funny when you know the context.. but people think its a real thing.
I thought the welfare state took care of most of these people already? if what she believes is true.. then the white male is already paying for it since in her world they'd be the only ones rich enough to be paying taxes anyway
Location? the 8x10 shed was it part of the contract? is that why you asked them to keep it there? If it was then that alone should be enough to back out. If this is your dream home other wise i wouldn't back out of it because of the yard damage as long as everything else checks out. kinda seems like you need a new lawyer, maybe get another quote or two and fight it? if the quotes seem to be in line with each other I bet a judge will at least award you more.. unless they judge happens to maybe be the sellers brother in law. *disclaimer* not an expert, just a guy who clicked your post.
what is more marginal, a President who questions who is to blame for climate change or a reporter who believes who ever is paying him?
oh whoops i see i posted in the wrong thread... sorry darn mobile... ill fix it in the morning at my pc. sorry about that. EDIT: fixed thanks!
at the very least take out the ads for your paying subs if your costs are too high to do that might want consider lowering them. ( if you do disable them for paying users, ignore me) i might be able give some suggestions to reduce costs from a technical side. if you want feel free to PM.
was an assholish response to the headline in the OP's picture.
maybe not always online, but known well in advance of the expected cost anyway. most consumers only really care what they pay out of pocket/co-pay, don't care what is actually being paid.. gets blurred behind the curtain of the insurance company.. sure you can find out pretty easily after the fact but most probably don't bother. semi-related.. been dealing with a lot of medical issues, surgical procedures, emergency room trips, long hospital stays, etc... the past year and a halfish... surprising how many times we gotten bills for things that have already been paid by the insurance company. Had my wife not been paying attention i would've just paid them. Imagine if that happens to someone who doesn't or isn't capable of paying close enough attention. Once or twice (for as many as we had) can see a mistake happening but nearly every trip it happens.
free-market banking is probably what you are looking for(?) i've never looked beyond the term... basically banks do what they want with out no central bank telling them what to do but also filled with their own problems.. hopefully someone with more knowledge on it can fill in the blanks.
while wealth exists there will always be poverty and or 'inequality' in order to battle it effectively you need to remove wealth from the equation. Until technology is able to make the star trek replicator in real life that is powered by a free power source i don't see it happening. In our current system (ideally even with its flaws), if you are poor and do the right things you should gradually be less poor as time goes on. What does it really matter if some rich person makes a billion a year? If that person isn't holding you back then there is no reason to be complaining. If there are real road blocks where there are those trying to hold people down then sure we need to address that.
You love MMA, you see the risks of serious life long consequences of MMA you decide to participate in MMA, get a brain injury and die. You love smoking, you see the risks of serious life long consequences of smoking, you decide to smoke, you get cancer and die. as long as people make an informed decision, they should be allowed to. But still, IMO, shouldn't be in schools at least until adult hood however that is measured.
no no wait stfd, the type of system doesn't matter. Its totally probable in any system that involves people and the potential of greed. It isn't a problem with the type of market used or wealth equity its a problem with human nature. Like i said.. if there are real road blocks of someone holding someone else back then that needs addressed, but what you are describing has little to do with the type of system used.
States Rights means states can do whatever they want as long as it doesn't violates the constitution in its essence. sure there is more to it, but basic. If people think Banning the AR-15 is against the constitution then they need to take it to the courts, and eventually the supreme court who was designed to be the ones to determine if it would be.
the only issue here is if what big rich dude does is right or wrong. it would be wrong and in this case i believe it would be anti libertarian because it would be hurting others, more so if done deliberately. But there could be some products that would just do this naturally and wipe out the competitors. For example, reeses peanut butter cups. there is nothing like them.. all the competitors just are not as good.. they own the peanut butter cup market others have tried but.. just not as good. Its not reeses fault that nothing is as good as theirs is it? if they where using their influence to force bobs peanut butter factory hold shipment to a competitor.. thats very bad.. but otherwise no thats fine. Again, not a market system and not political persuasion specific.
which ones only applied to the wealthy only?
its a trick question btw... almost all of them are cause the wealthy are the only ones who would pay it anyway. sales and 'sin' taxes being the biggest exceptions.
&gt; USER: (via email): I cannot send email can you come take a look &gt; ME: (via email): try sending me an email to see if it works and let me know. never heard from her again about this. Not sure if it was still broke or if she caught on, but i dealt with her on other things just peachy.. so it must be fine.
forgive me if my numbers are a bit off but going from memory from a few days ago, for 2015 about 60% of the returns filed have adjusted gross income of less than 50k, those returns accounted for 4% of income tax revenue with an effective tax rate of about 7% on average with quite a few being 0. about 6% of returns filled had adjusted income over 200k, made up about 60% of the income tax revenue with effective tax rate over 20% many pay sure, but the wealthy do the heavy lifting
yup, about 35% are in that 50-200k range they pay about 35% of the total income tax revenue with an effective rate of over 10% you could debate how much people should pay, but really not the point. the rich pay most of the taxes at a much higher rate than the poor. This is one of the reasons why when there is an across the board tax cut the left yells "IT HELPS THE RICH MORE!!" it does.. 1% of 100k is more than 1% of 50k.
Groo is pretty decent but he only was in my front line team a couple days to a week he was replaced fairly quickly though. Defiantly better than Zekkis but since you got norma tanking already.. id say only do it if the gear is a nice upgrade for you (probably is)
If you got the spare cash probably worth the risk. I'd ask for a post screen/bios pic, that way you at least know it powers on and it recognizes the parts and if they respond in a shady way probably move on. if they say, I just want rid of it don't wana go through the hassle, Christmas gift or something maybe still do it.
I thought internally about the same thing and chuckled to myself with a picture of Bell in my head laughing saying something like, "those cheap bastards didn't create a winning atmosphere" or something. I know full well its not comparable... just a funny thought.
just going to drop this in here, from your link. &gt; As previously indicated, our revenue sharing receipts have decreased for seven consecutive seasons while our Major League payroll has more than doubled over this same period - Frank Coonelly and in an [usatoday.com story](https://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/2018/01/26/mlb-players-union-revenue-sharing-marlins-pirates/1070307001/) &gt; The Pirates have steadily increased their payroll over the years while at the same time decreasing their revenue sharing. - MLB Offices (unknown source) it is semi-relevant. the tl;dr of it is, they spent what they where given where they had to spend it per the rules, despite revenue sharing going down and their spending was going up.
honestly don't remember sorry :-(
if you are rendering a lot of semi-large videos.. cpu then GPU or RAM depending on what you see on sale first. (cpu upgrade may require new board depending on which direction you take)
icecrown for quick leveling skipping much of the quest lines and getting to the WotLK content faster (which is what i'm looking for) Ganking is horrible in Hellfire and seems borean tundra, try out out level them before heading to them and just move to the next zone where it isn't as bad. (which is pretty easy given the xp boost) Lorderan for a more bliz like experience... ganking is still a problem but no as bad.. (maybe do to lesser population) Icecrown.. be prepared for LONG queue times to login especially on the weekend. Saturday loaded up the game at 7:30AM (est) and didn't get on until about 4pm. I ended up donating 10$ for a bit of coin and to queue skip after i saw the same thing sunday. was on in less than 10 minutes after that. EDIT: loaded in to Borean Tundra last night, 'ganking' wasn't bad at all. one guy it me and then stopped.. i think i just ran by his tab targeting or something. so okay.. maybe avoid these areas on the weekends at all costs(?)
Dear shittie meme/info-graph writer.. that's incredibly over simplistic that does not accurately describe the situation, even more so in a world economy.... It might cost a little more but just plopping on 25% doesn't really work especially when 25% really isn't even the right number :-) I think its actually 15% (was 10% before i believe for most things and now 25% for most things) on the other boat.. same thing is happening to Chinese consumers (or will be soon i don't remember off the top of my head) since they too are raising theirs from the use on ~130 categories of products from the US. I'm not an economist and I know that.
i agree. didn't like quite how he ended up when he want to Bajor in the last season... but over all still good. Most of the cardassians where pretty great.
also consider that many of those 18-35 year olds hit employment age during the last major rescission... wonder what would happen if they went back to 1990, 1980... probably lower too.. since more people went to work out of high school pre-2000 and those that where going to higher education seemed to have more jobs (no numbers or anything just a feeling that might be wrong)
There are some legit points.. but not as one sided as it may seem actually... they did 'bail out' homeowners.... ~75Billion worth to help up to 9M homeowners. [link](https://www.treasury.gov/press-center/press-releases/Pages/20092181117388144.aspx) it also got the [hope now](http://www.hopenow.com/index.php) project rolling Yeah banks and autos got the press and individuals came later in the process... but yeah..something was done. pretty sure.. taxes where cut across the board in recent years. also seems like 1996 the rise in the average income has been pretty steady and well out pacing inflation... well except those couple years where it backed off.
i think you get it from killing the crab guys there.. but i don't remember?
check with your boards spec sheet to be sure but i think the i7-6700k is the best of the line that your chipset can handle. Retail i think they where ~$350 and do not include a cooling solution. You are probably going to start to find used skylakes come up more and more often too. In my work Haswells are reaching end of life and getting cycled out so skylake isn't far behind. IMO: you can get a new Ryzen platform for not much more and get about the same performance. You can get a ryzen 2600 with 16gb DDR4 and a cheap motherboard for under 300+shipping. If you see a cheap 6700(k) with cooler.. grab it other wise i'd go the ryzen option.. it also has a bigger upgrade path.
Not bizarre at all once you realize it isn't 1:1.
its called Anencephaly sometimes it isn't detected until late in pregnancy depending on the 'severity' (though the out come is nearly always the same /sadface) Luckily it very rare. Not sure why the author would remain anonymous.. but didn't read the essay.
He wasn't playing like MVP cutch but was on pace for his best season since 2015 and hadn't hit his midsummer stride.... man such a bummer. Hopefully he makes his way back for next spring. If not, Pittsburgh will take'm as a coach if nothing else i'm sure. (maybe not right away)
I love it when reporters don't source the bill. [here it is](https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/6/text) its a pretty long one.. seems overly long for what should just say.. If you where 16 or younger and brought here by an adult and kept your nose clean then here are some papers, get in line for the citizenship test. At the same time there should be real 'border security' law enacted to stop from adults 'forcibly' bringing children illegally into the country.
IMO: nearly everyone is a libertarian in most of their day to day life There is a fairly large range. some that are pro-life for example, some that might be anti-drug, for or against capital punishment, etc... But the common thread is regardless of your stance on it the federal government (and sometimes even states and locals) should not be forcing you to be pro-choice at gun point (by law is by gunpoint) The biggest laws should be to protect your rights to not have others beliefs imposed on you or to make sure that others do not take your constitutional rights away, pretty much everything else is just fluff. You leave me alone, i'll leave you alone. If someone is trying to take away your rights.. call us up we'll be there to defend you...often even if we don't agree with your stance on the subject... at least that's how it should be. IMO that would make libertarians probably more moral than most any other group out there.
the meme thing.. instead of memeless monday make it monday memes so that only monday is memes, other days (actual) info graphs allowed... obviously just my opinion
if you add Kimbrel and Keuchels salary you get 46M guaranteed. Unless you sign a one year deal salaries are more than the single year.
probably would give too much away but what the hell. &gt; My dick was almost drafted by the Cleveland Browns, but Art Modell didn't want a bigger dick than he was on the team. (or something like that)
Kuechel's isn't even a year deal. the point was, its not like these players took a discount, cause they didn't really. Dallas got about where he should of about the QO rate give or take bit. Craig maybe got a little more than I would think simply given he missed what 40% of the season so far.
IIRC it was a system thrown together at the last minute that i didn't' knwo what it was for until everything was configured as the contract was being kept on the down low for a bit. I think most of the system was part of the original mail server from the mid 90's but details are escaping me. It was eventually upgraded to a ppro 180 base (or something like that) with more ram and storage
part of the issue is what they define as 'false or misleading' and then maybe make a questionable claim themselves.... for example they say... &gt; “It’s [Mexico’s] fault also because they’re letting millions of people walk up through their country and they shouldn’t let anybody walk up through their country.” - Donald. is false and misleading and then say.... &gt; The Central American migration phenomenon to the United States is driven by a mix of factors, including rampant gang violence and poverty in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. Mexico has deported people from those countries more than 2 million times since 2001, and its numbers for apprehensions and deportations rival those of the United States. Migrants have a right under international law to petition any country for asylum, including the United States. - Washington Post mean while the US has deported ~5m in the same time period likely many/most from those countries in central/south America. EDIT: what they don't also say (but link to in another thread if you follow the bread crumbs) is that in 2010/11 Mexico decriminalized migration. but if they pick you up and you don't check out then they can deport you. (more complicated than that but basic idea) so people they ship out a lot less since then Not that the posts information is wrong, its probably right, but doesn't have much to do with the Presidents quote. The point the President was trying to make was not the deportations, its the fact that Mexico isn't doing their part to handle the current *crisis* not what happened from 2001 to 2015. I'm not looking through the list, but i skimmed another list of 'lies' buy this president.. and most of them are bull shit, looking for a way to pad the numbers, or like this where people (presumably) misrepresent his words. President Trump would still probably be the highest on record if they where honest about it though.
Just my thoughts.. I'd try to wait for the 3700 personally, at least for preliminary bench marks. See if they release a non-x version. If its your job and saving 5 minutes a day can make you more money, then maybe go balls to the wall on the 3950 when it hits shelves. if you don't feel like waiting and or your rendering is a hobby, the 2700(non-x). cheaper than the x version with a lower tdp, two more cores than the 2600x with a lower tdp for only $10 more and a slight over clock puts it on par with the 2700x if you want a bit of a boost.
try shift right click, run as a different user. run as your admin account?
yeah you'll need to use your admin account to run as administrator/elevated.. I have run into a few apps that have required i login to my the system admin user [.\localadminuser] then run as administrator.. i think its cannon drivers mostly.
In seeing another thread, i think i'm thinking of something else and taking a different path.. but at least you got the shift right click out of my train of thought :-)
Shren was a damn fine character but yeah Weyoun is where its at. he defined what the vorta should be in the series and my heart was broken when we found out Garak killed the last of the line. I keep waiting for him to show up in the Orville.
Reality is.. most only care that Trump isn't a Russian agent the rest is just 'fluff' for the news and political posturing in the minds of every day Americans (AKA not most of the people here) Those like us who are half informed of the situation often have differing opinions on the result. There's also the who 'are you better off now than..' and unless you are in a complete denial mode (or just hard on luck or what have you) ... then the answer overwhelmingly yes... where that will be going into the general maybe a different story depending how how these 'trade wars' work out.
which character? the one that people thought was him was actually rob lowe
The story wasn't about 'metoo' or whatever it was called in the the late 80's and 90's. It was about a psychological problem which was a perfect fit for sevens unique situation. 'false memory syndrome' calling this episode "believe the man" is like saying marvels endgame boils down to "women are always late".. obviously its not true and well just doesn't fit.
If it was the internet bill drop in a [disconnected] icon in there or something for added effect. :-) thanks for sharing!
&gt; Although the story changed considerably from the original pitch, the writing staff of Star Trek: Voyager composed the plot's final version by essentially weaving the initial story idea together with a theme that comments on false memory syndrome. Staff writer Bryan Fuller remarked, "That's kind of what we had to fall back on for this one." Regarding false memories, he commented, "We hear so much about how they can essentially ruin peoples' lives, how well-respected and credited doctors have been completely dethroned, how teachers and parents have been humiliated." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 18) Before co-writing this episode's teleplay and joining Voyager's writing staff, both Bryan Fuller and Lisa Klink had attended the Star Trek Writer's Workshop at the Grand Slam convention in Pasadena, California and had made small contributions to the writing of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. They literally wrote every other scene of this episode, sharing the same anxieties as each other over the script. "I initially had my concerns," Fuller explained, "because we were trying to distinguish it from a TV movie about date rape [....] We [...] removed the sexual elements." Fuller believed that the turning point for the story's development was the addition of The Doctor to the plot. (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 18) from memory alpha.
Home runs are nice, but doesn't matter if you score 1 run or 20 runs if you lose the game. They need to figure out pitching one way or another and they need to do it today if they want to have any hope of competing.
once you get to 'The Circle' it starts to pick up. Once you finish the series rewatch season one and its a much better experience.
in websters next to the word sexy, you see this screen shot.
yeah i have a dept that had gotten higher end dell workstations (32GB, quadros, xeons, you know) to do mostly graphics editing. Adobe CC requires local adimin to install updates and stuff... someone in our dept gave it to them... everyone on the whole floor got infected, and then went to another campus and infected another whole building and then... yeah it was a huge mess. High end desktops don't save you when someone does something dumb (whether its IT or or the user lol)
good info but theres only 7(ish) users that need it, not worth the trouble when we we can just update it manually once a month or so. many went to mac anyway.
msra gets the job done just fine... good info though.. will check it out if we get more users on CC
BOOM demonetized!
yeah.. pretty petty.
[slackware](http://www.slackware.com/)
Disk Clean Up wizard. Or if you are comfortable you can just delete them.
&gt; would the speed that someone can download the files from that network drive be limited to my upload speed? if its over the internet, yes. &gt; If so, would that defeat the purpose of an NAS and what would you recommend? no, but in your situation... maybe yeah. Its for the best though. Setting up an internet facing NAS isn't the best idea in the world unless you have a good idea what you are doing.. and even then you should reconsider it before doing it.
I know you might think that we think that way, but the reality is that we (generally) do not think that way. Every libertarian i know and probably most here know that taxation is a requirement in order for the wheels to turn. However how that taxation happens, how much it is and how it is spent is where the debate is.
the correct answer is yes. They use a debian based linux (gLinux or something) but they also use quite a bit of Windows Mac, chrome and android os's. likely depends on what offices/departments they're with.
the part that was most interesting to me in the battle is when thanos was just sitting there some dialog and that sequence. not saying there it was all bad.. clearly i watched it all... but for the hype... a major let down..... okay the paul rudd time test thing.. that was another very high point in the movie... I'm also kinda upset with the infinity gauntlet usage.. compared to the comics so rudimentary...
Welcome! When you get to season 1 of ds9, don't get discouraged... the shell shock of going form a series fully in swing to a new show that didn't find its feet until later... and also with a totally new style... it can be rough.. tough it out though its worth it.
IIRC: its hdmi over the cable, not the network. basically you are just changing the cable type from htmi, to cat5e(6/7whatever the device calls for) and then back to hdmi.
gpo?
Hes a better left fielder than center fielder, but he is also a damn fine center fielder... He's misread some balls off the bat an well its made him look like a fool and led to some foolish remarks by (some)fans. But even the best player makes a mistake from time to time He is also a strike out machine with a lowish OBP, hes never taken a lot of walks but the HBP over his career has kept his obp up. He also seems to have a 'screw it' type look in his attitude. combined with when he screws up.. intensify (some)fans foolish remarks. But on the other side he also has the same look when he makes an outstanding play... Long short of that is... don't think much of it. He knows when he screws up, he knows when he does something crazy good... just doesn't let it get to him. Overall he's an .800OPS guy with ++Defense and great speed. ... he's on pace for another 4fWAR season. My ideal OF would be LF Marte, CF Reynolds, RF Dickerson with Melky giving anyone of them a day off/matchups. (contracts aside) Reynolds in center simply because to the left and right of him are gold gloves and it seems more natural for him.. also Marte was probably the best left fielder in all of baseball when he was in that position.
he's slashing .311/.382/.475/.858 his last 20 games with 68 PAs. small ish sample but yeah.. pretty good.. he keeps it up he'll be closer to .280 by the break. about where you expect him.. .275-300BA with a .700-.800 OPS. and his defense has been well above average over all. when something does go wrong though it really stands out. Kinda like Polanco.. over all a + defender.. but when mistakes happen they're hard to miss.
Nog used the holosuit to train for his shuttle craft exam for the academy. In TNG laforge used it to recreate the shipyard the enterprise was built in to help solve a problem with energy consumption. In voyager the dr created a cardassian dr and used the holodeck as a test to remove a life form from a crew member. I'm sure there are other examples i simply lost in the depth of my mind.. but yeah they defiantly used it...
needs to be firestar... so i can run spidey, iceman and firestar and relive my childhood. :-) ( no idea if shes in the movie or anything just a dream of mine )
not even start the conversation. Dalbec is a 1b/3b guy and the pirates have Bell, Hayes, Moran, Craig. Our MLB guys are under control for quite a while and our prospects are as good or better for both positions. Mata, is a fringy starting prospect who might be a midrotation guy, but with the pirates development system he'll lucky to be a swingman. Brannen hasn't done anything offensively at any level yet. the idea in itself is offesnive. If anyone, i mean ANY one wants Felipe they need to pony up some real talent at positions the pirates need. Right now those positions are Starters and bull pen. (which kinda defeats the purpose)
yeah, i don't have him either.. but i would definitely buy him for that team ;-)
switch, but I havn't seen a hub in years except with really 'old' networks and in those cases they're often switching hubs. i like the netgear pro safe switchs for home/small office use. 5port for like 20bucks on sale. the metal casing is solid and professional looking can easily mounted if need be.
mounted to the ceiling to keep i tout of water if the basement floods... uses power from a surge protector just a few inches off the floor of the basement.
the 8700 has hyper threading for 12 threads instead of 6... which is nice but... really probably won't notice much difference.. (but for $20 i'd do it too) Unless you are doing higher end rendering producing video as a job... probably isn't worth it if you can find a 6700 on the cheap, and if you do find it you won't have to swap boards. SSD Drive question, yeah... pretty much. anything that doesn't need fast load times (music movies, etc) drop on your mechanical drive. Stuff that benifits from the superfast access times (windows, games, adobe, whatever program, etc) drop on the SSD. I try to keep ram similar. WHen you run different sticks, as a whole, the memory will only go as fast as the slowest stick. edit: not sure about the cpu cooler... If you end up replacing your motherboard. I would scrap the the intel idea and just go for ryzen once the next gen hits the market.
Quark
dodgers might have the talent to pull it off. Pirates need a reasonably close catcher.. dodgers have it. Pirates need close pitching they have a few that are close with some fairly high floors. Pirates keep dropping back i could possibly get behind a deal.. i would rather not and fill the pitching catching depth 'holes' in free agency or in trade with our semi-blocked prospects or expiring contracts... but.... yeah.
i'd be honored. We considered Miles for our child.. then ended up being a girl.. still considered it but ended up going another direction.
hence... the 'but yeah.....' but yeah ;-)
Russ is a backup now, and that's the role he would serve here as a back up for Diaz.
not for 20M for sure. but a 3-6M/year (depending on length) definitely worth it if hes healthy even with him barely hitting hes still pretty good on defense.. and thats what you look for in a backup catcher.. someone who isn't going to lose you the game when behind the plate. OR if the dodgers are looking to offload from some of his salary we can send them a PTBNL, and have LA eat most of his remaining salary... but i would only make that trade if cervelli is done for the season and we're making up ground in the standings.
Yeah they need help in other areas first. But if the opportunity presents itself.....
yup they have a few of those too... but they likely won't be around for a few years so your back to ... whats on the market to be the back up in 2020. I like stallings as a 3rd guy and hes done a respectable job at it.. but as a number 2... i'm not all that comfortable with. If you can get Russell on a one or two year deal for 4M/year then.. yeah do that
I picked up a CVS eGift card. My bank has this payment processor blocked. went to CVS's site, picked up an ecard, had it in my email in 10 minutes.. paid warmane through their processor with the ecard.. whole process took about 20 minutes or so. took me about 2 hrs to get my visa reactivated though. &gt;.&gt;
i was thinking the same thing its going to be cutting it close.. but never did the math lol
no i didn't watch it and has nothing to do with this. once the field narrows ill watch a debate. ive already decided against everyone in round 1 anywho ms13 lovers, radically socialist, etc is used as a smear nothing more......lol I think the survey is dumb and rude but really points some shit and if it takes a mostly baseless insult for people to realize it... ill take it
per the ops title, just assume they feel its an insult.
Garak, in his blown up shop.
we discussed this in the thread :-)
I'm not here to judge what you like.. but i disagree on the character development.. other than the doctor and paris. The development on the others was either non-existent or poorly done. Compared to DS9 there is no comparison. Janeway was fairly stagnant up until the end but a good character and captain. Really if it wasn't for her and the doctor it probably would have all came down. I'm sad Lt. Carey didn't get a bigger role though. Like i said though some fine episodes, futures end and year of hell do rank pretty high on my voyager episodes list so is Message in a bottle, Relativity and a couple others. May not be the best but they sure are enjoyable and thats what matters :-)
&gt; "little" things to undermine it. and some little things that should have never been there to begin with... like... &gt; Obamacare cannot survive without the mandate. The mandate, which no libertarian should be for. Lets be VERY clear what the ACA is. It is not health care.. It is health insurance. The ACA cannot survive on its own with out the mandate, but that is because it is selling insurance not care.
Yeah the republicans didn't help the ACA move along, sure. I don't disagree with them getting rid of the mandate, repealing taxes and such. I'm more worried about what they're going to try to do "to replace it". But just to be sure we are on the same page, the ACA didn't/isn't failing specifically because of the republicans. It was doomed from the start and they need someone to blame. maybe its because [The President had trouble with 7th grade math](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvZHTmA-www) the President is a funny guy lol.
Judgement Checking in. After the 'crap' i got before... i flipped for a few minutes.
I'd go with luna absolute beast with it with that and her t3.. just amazing.
I like tom but it seemed torres's main function was to help tom's progression. after that episode where she becomes chief really lost interest in her. A plot twist in her story could have made her more interesting. Like if in Barge of the Dead her family was part of the Duras house or if her father would have been Dax sense he was 'friendly' with the women and the klingon expert. One thing I found decent about her backstory as it was is that it was relatable to those of use that are mixed race, similar to Zyal in DS9.. really don't fit in anywhere outside the closest associates. wasn't done very well... but good enough to get the point across. Tom being the 'traitor' was a fair story. Not really all that great but was one of those that really pushed his development. Nelix was pretty not bad in the episode too.
Yeah it is one of the better setups from that era. you can even take your ram from your current PC and put it in his. for a comp, try going to /r/hardwareswap and search for it will give you and idea. Plus you might be able to find a ryzen setup in there 1st/2nd gen won't be a HUGE improvement over the 4790 in everyday performance but its a better upgrade path.
dual channel isn't a big deal outside of bench marks or more extreme usage than gaming and everyday use. If building new go dual channel.. but if you are just scrapping a system together then.. /shrug. or maybe if you want to go from 8 to 16GB in the future.. getting a single 8 and then upgrading a bit later to 16.. you just won't notice much of a difference.. but try to do it
netgear makes a cheapish 8port 4port POE and if you need more they make an 8port POE. I've had VERY good luck with the prosafe switches.
well yeah it does but really not enough to write home about on a budget you think you might upgrade later. I think he was also testing with a 2080 Ti? I think he also tested 4gb? in some of those games.. I'm surprised it didn't crash ;-)
&gt; outside of bench marks or more extreme usage &gt; If building new go dual channel.. &gt; maybe if you want to go from 8 to 16GB in the future &gt; on a budget you think you might upgrade later.
location? More specs?
is there a switch on the PSU near where the plug is? if so try turning it on there ;-) EDIT: turn on that switch then hit the power button.
Gary was the best choice available, not the ideal choice. Couldn't vote for HRC in anyway. Couldn't vote for Trump. Felt like I had to vote against them. It was either Gary or Jill. I picked Gary. Assuming one of the democratic front runners get the nomination, i will vote libertarian again.. well unless another party jumps up with something amazing. Also, with Gary showing up on the voting people might realize there are other options even if Gary is/was flaky.
how is tulsi right? &gt;If all you're voting on is "he/she seems nice" you need to seriously reevaluate your life. thats not what i said.
&gt; Sorry, I meant to put auth left no worries it happens :-) She's got basically the same goals as the rest is more realistic about it than most of them. Free College shes for. For Living wage. UBI shes not against. For medicare for all... etc... But the platform she is running on is anti-war. I said... &gt; I'd consider Yang seems like a generally good person but probably wouldn't vote for him unless the LP candidate is down right garbage. i'd consider him if the LP candidate was garbage. it works in my head but i can see where it could be taken the way you see it.
&gt; But I'm 35 and in my life there hasn't been a presidential candidate that I've legitimately liked. Which pisses me off to think about. You know i never really thought about it... shit yeah.. it is enough to piss some one off. I agree, Tulsi is the only one i'm even thinking about. but even then...
I don't remember saying that.. but either way... i didn't know that... thanks.
sticky post in the sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/IdleHeroesPS/comments/7jqf9f/download_info/
not a fan of the random. Team building is pure RNG it seems. At least before you knew what you where getting for every hero.
yeah, how often is just the base game with just the higher rates?
yeah i dont like discord but will have to i think next time round.
except for bench marks, high end gaming, rendering.. etc.. not much of a difference. Open taskman when gaming (or whatever monitoring app), If your cpu cores are pegged then it'll probably help more than just a little bit. If they're not pegged during gameplay, probably won't help a lot. But i'd wait to see what Ryzen4 is doing then decide.
/r/hardwareswap just check previous trades
eyeballing it, looks like a telephone line. looks like two copper pair. edit: IIRC: Cable and Electrical looks pretty different.
assuming it is the telco line. (90% sure it is) this would be the one coming from the pole to the demarc that was probably ripped off when other work was done.. and was never reattached since they didn't use it (just guessing)
People who pick the healer and take all the cans piss me off.
Kinda: [Surfer with Thor's Hammer](https://media.comicbook.com/2018/03/silver-surfer-mjolnir-1094232.jpeg) from King Thanos series i think.
pretty sexy! Good job
enough for her to t2? I wasn't planning on getting the sharon uni. It looks nice.. well amazing really.. but i don't have her t3 and probably won't for quite a while, other priorities is all..
repeal war powers and the patriot act that this attack likely fell under that gave the executive branch too much power to do things like this
ideally people would sell their labor at a reasonable cost and none of this would be needed. regardless neither should be considered with out major spending cuts. yang plan seems to be similar under X income tax payers are forced to pay these people.
I don't trust certs in new hires with out some semi-relevant experience. Rather have someone with some experience in higher levels of help desk than someone who is certs only. well depending on the postilion looking to be filled.
An engineer whose job is to setup and update services.. does so with out passing the word down to those responsible for the admin. We log in either to the old server (not knowing there is a new server) OR log in and everything is different including our credentials to the service if they even create them at all (control freak) i'd clone it to a VM if possible.
I recently removed my test lab of windows server '12. Right now mostly stuff i'm using. * WoWPrivate Server(s) on VMsJust running of win7 (eek) going to try compiling linux someday * FOG Deployment, for those win7VMs soon to be linux/win10 vms * PFSense VM, just for play, but looks like i'm going to need a filter soon. * Synology, handling DHCP and storage. I wish there was a PFSense type thing in there save me some memory for WoW ;-) Also eventually to set up a local domain. But i may end up putting that on another VM. I want to set up a small "DVR" type thing that i can just plug my USB webcams but all the stuff for linux just doesn't seem to work well. Eventually to drop i a VM. the VMS are on ESXI on an OPTIPLEX Intel 4th gen quadcore with 16GB and a shittie 500GB. eventually going to be an SSD for the datastore.. just havn't done it yet.
awesome! thank you.
yeah you need to check which chipset you buy and hope they ship the right one. one of them works and one doesnt. thats as far ad i went with it since im not o4dering quite yet.
It kinda does. Yang's proposal is not one or the other but if you receive more benefits than what you get in UBI then you don't get the UBI. Also if you make over XXXXX amount then you also don't get it. according to one interview i watched. I live in an area where there is a type of UBI in a sense. Many people just accept it and live off it and other welfare services. It is "only" about 8k people but it really isn't a good thing for those who need it the most as there is little effort to improve their lives since they're just taken care of. It's almost funny driving by some areas and seeing people with 30k cars with a house that is literally falling over. It's not all people of course, but it does stifle ambition in many. That is why I question whether UBI is an answer. For those, disabled or something i'm pretty fine with.
I haven't experienced this myself... But in some odd situations for whatever reason 5Ghz wifi interferes. If its happening mostly when on 5ghz wifi on the device maybe stop it see if it improves. Long shot but worth a try, ive heard other say dropping of of 5ghz and going to 2.4 improved their bluetooth performance.
hm... could be.. i might have it backwards.
I do see your point, hell of a pitcher.... but just.. no.. couldn't do it and wouldn't give it to anyone else to possibly profit from it in 20 years some years
nearly all your players are first year or pre-arb. Even if they where shooting for 2020 and they signed some players, it still would be one of the lowest in MLB... so really.. no surprise. If they don't get MLB/MLB ready players for 20/21 either through trade of FA, might as well trade everyone including recent call ups cause by the time we think about competing again Reynolds, Newman and Keller will all be getting ready to walk. Get value out of them this season.
yeah that just doesn't work.. sorry but it doesn't. just gotta look at what actually happened and not the helicopter view edit: the point is the team was ~.500 at the break with their opening day payroll. Unless they where buying manny or bryce there just wasn't much more to be done. that would've put them in the post season. Mid season.. a quality trade may have made a difference.. but doubt it would've been enough.
Also important to note that the BAMTech money was the owners money not the teams. That money presumably split between the minority owners and Bob.. what the shares where /shrug.
the total payroll, not the opening day payroll. The pirates total payroll in 2017 bumped up closer to 110m including all player salaries (inc 40man) IIRC. Season end payrolls take into account all factors including injury trades, etc...... i'm guessing this is what they are getting at.. But yeah, Opening day was around 100m
really woudln't surprise me if payroll goes way up.. uh.. i guess anything up is way up lol.. but anyway sooner than later if Ben can make the right moves early.
IMO: going for some controlled MLB talent is the best way to go. lets them build on to the core right away... It won't happen for various reasons.. but Happ and Caratini would be perfect fit here and give us a real shot in 2021. would save the pirates about 10M this year (give or take) fill two holes right away, long term control and have an unrealized upside... oh yeah.. both are relatively blocked in Chicago right now, baring any other moves.
You can never have enough pitching :-) But the pirates really need a catcher that "should" be top priority IMO Dom Smith doesn't make much sense unless Bell is moved. I don't see Bell getting the haul he should just because his market isn't there. But generally with you, whatever they do.. 2020/21 players to build on some of what we got other wise its just more of the same... hopefully more success than recently though.
probably a stretch. his sources might be the other voices in his head at times ;-) I actually had a post scheduled for today on the mets after yesterday's rumors [self promotion link](https://piratesperspective.com/index.php/2020/01/22/trade-rumors-revisiting-marte-to-the-mets/)
lol i was going to say something about Barajas but you beat me too it :-)
Yeah, rumor was Walker and NH had some bad interactions. Walker wanted to stay but NH was offering him joke of a deal (IIRC). We could definitely use a hold over third basemen. Walker would be perfect for it.. well with the current market with others gone.
I'd offer him a two year + vesting option maybe drop in a couple very cheap mutual options. somewhere along the lines of 5M/year. mutual options like 2m/year plus fairly heavy PA bonuses. At 34 hes still a solid bat and his defense isn't the greatest but acceptable and can play three IF positions and not be the worst... and could be an emergency catcher (he was drafted as a catcher) Drop in a player no trade clause to allow him to stay if he chooses too. If he vests then that means hes doing rather well. If Hayes finds his bat, walker would be a good bench IF utility. Also gives him the opportunity to finish his career where he started and in front of family. I was planning on writing about him this weekend :-)
he can see it is retarded... but in our small sample it is exactly what has happened to about a third (+/-) of those receiving it.
I don't need to, nor will I as it's confidential information and sharing much more wouldn't work out for me IRL. If you don't believe me that is fine I don't give a damn what random internet experts think.
lol you don't have a clue that's okay cause obviously you don't know and i really can't tell you.
if you don't believe me that's fine.
I'm not salty. if you don't believe me that's fine.
shame I was hoping he'd come back. Glad he got a deal.
trying to figure out what this means. basically different daily heroes to promote less used heroes? None of this random power stuff?
this should be handled at the organizational level rather than the state regardless of how you feel about the issue.
If you paid for it one way and you got it a different way, yes i would complain especially if there is a paper trail for it. Or at least ask. I have noticed in the past that if its a custom mix that different suppliers maybe slightly off from each other in my (very) limited experience doesn't sound like that's the case but maybe keep it in mind
hyper-v basics is one of the easiest roles to setup IMO. install the hyper-v role. open the hyper-v management. create a vm, mount the iso, install like a normal pc. The hardest part about the basics is figuring out how many resources you need to dedicate to the VM. As you get more comfortable with it you can start working on the virtual switches and such. DISCLAIMER: i havn't used hyper-v in my lab in about 2 years.
When i was doing it SCCM was a separate product, might be different now. AD, DHCP, DNS are also "fairly" easy with the basics. You'll probably want to isolate it from the rest of your network though as to not booger up other stuff by accident, at least until you get used to it. might want to pick up WSUS and WDS as well, a lot of places use them if they're an MS shop. GPO is fun as well. I did the same thing as you getting hired at a MS shop after being a mostly linux guy for many years. I still like linux better but MS has come a very long way.
as /u/Snozzler said might just be primer.. if you paid them to do it... maybe they just havn't gotten to it yet.. or maybe just forgot.. maybe you thought you ordered the paint but they have it different.. might just be something silly.. so don't freak out on them until you have the info :-) Good luck and Congrats!
It varies from state to state, I don't know about Idaho. But many states give most of the local control the the school boards. I do agree with your thoughts on the department of education. There would some logistics to figure out of course, but like with most other things local governments should have more control of their region more so in larger states. Whats good for someone in Philly might not be good for someone in Pittsburgh.
Just a reminder. The Executive office only proposes budget. The house approves it.
Fair Point, very well could be
[see another post in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/estanr/idaho_joins_movement_to_prevent_transgender/ffcc3xe/)
I'd say mike trout is right there with him. Best player in the generation needs a ring too.
Glad Neil has a job, just wish it was in PIT again.
I like when Mike does those segments where he goes out and does things pre-recorded... live is pretty iffy. maybe he can record his post game once a week one for a winning game and another for a bad game and then just play those.
I would agree if she was suing someone most people actually liked. No one on the right likes Hillary.. and every day fewer and fewer people on the left like Hillary... out side of cable news. It doesn't look like a temper tantrum to me, it looks like someone standing up to a bully. At the end of the day she will (hopefully) finally remove her from politics for good and be remembered as the strong woman who took a stand against HRC and the DNC. I agree it doesn't help this election cycle, but after the case is settled it will likely boost Tulsi's name recognition for the better. though the DNC and Networks may still try to knock her down a few pegs.
if i got that cake i wouldn't want to eat it. (from mozilla)
I worked okay on a 2nd gen surface book, but pretty much lost all the halfway fun features and really ran like crap compared to 10. It comes with 10 out of the box, 7 is EoL.. stick with 10. If you need 7 for some legacy app, install hyper-v or whatever VM app you like and do it that way. (EDIT) the real question is why you would want to do such a thing
amazon has generic mice for under $5 shipped. Its likely dead, you could try taking it apart but probably not worth the $5 in time to take it apart and realize its busted which at best is a 50/50 chance. the problem with trying is that it may not work at all when your are done which means you won't be able to do anything else with it not just the game.
I'm not seeing that the board supports NVME but you might have a different revision I'd probably just get a larger SATA III SSD and tell your stuff to install there. Slightly easier. But if you get an m.2 (assuming the board doesn't support NVME) then getting a regular SATA m.2 would be fine then just use it as a secondary drive since there wouldn't be a speed difference worth noting.
there are only two (that i know about) * NVME m.2, VERY fast. * SATA m2, basically same speed as a normal SATA3 SSD. not all boards support NVME. It doesn't look like yours does. Look at your spec sheet/manual. If it does then consider it. if not.. what ever is quality and on sale regardless if its m.2 or 2.5"
for got about PCIEEX4 lol. I'm not sure if the drive needs to be compatible for this or not. It's performance is in between sata and NVME. Your board seems to support it though. Maybe someone else can tell you if you need a special m.2 drive for that. if so, probably hard to find these days.
NVME that uses four PCIe lanes. thermals to help keep the temp down. some get rather hot
if it does i dont see it you do have a m.2 though. im not sure if nvme drives are backwards compatible with what you got
Really simple. Under libertarian ideals.... There is freedom to do what you want to do with your property including yourself. Most social issues are basically wiped out of the discussion. Gender, Race, Sexuality, drugs, etc. It's not our place to tell you what is right for you even if we disagree with it. You do you, just don't expect us to support, change how we do things or pick up the pieces (unless someone is taking those rights you have to do such thing) There is a general non-interventionist foreign policy. Stay out of other peoples business. Similar to above, let them do them. Who are we to tell them what is right for their country/state. States Rights. Similar to above. The 10th Amendment gives the states rights to do what they see fit for their state. There are some exceptions like Slavery which takes rights away from those in bondage. There are also other previsions in the constitution that does give the federal government to take further liberties but in general the authority should belong to the state. If the state tries do to something taking away someone's rights guaranteed by the constitution then the federal government could step in. As a result of much of that and other things the government(s) would hopefully be more fiscally responsible if libertarians had a say since the government would be so busy telling us what we can't do. Essentially taking rights away or giving rights that we really already had under the constitution. pretty much a general story line that people might get behind. the one most people would be interested in is the first point. If you were born a woman and want to be a man... what ever, government doesn't care. You want to do cocaine? go a head.. unless it gets to the point where it is endangering others or taking others rights away. at the end of it ask the students, "how has your party doing at these things" or something along those lines.. and then just leave it at that. Don't attack, don't Defend. Just state what Libertarians think and ask them to consider their stances. If they align hey new libertarian, if not they at least understand us better.
not real keen on Section 31, But it was good for the doctor. And Sloan's part was done really well. (ds9 clearly) in Ent, i didn't like it much. I haven't gotten to that point in discovery.
Varsho, Widener, Cron good start to a deal. regardless Varsho or bust, fits a quick timelime and the dbacks already have a pretty good catcher with control
https://www.mlbtraderumors.com/
if we had a decent quality catcher besides stallings (who is really just a backup who deserves a shot)... then our timeline would be '21 with taillon hopefully coming back and still having a bit of time on the core contracts.
yeah sure.. right.
It's a little higher than that.. but whatever minor details. But really no.. no its not. If the pirates where not living up to their player contracts.. than yeah sure. At this point with out some crazy moves.. Bell, Frazier, Archer, Polanco, Williams, Musgrove, etc.. they're opening day 25m payroll could be well under 30m.. if they can find takers for some of them.. maybe more of deadline moves especially for pitchers performance and polanco health. It appears that the model is similar to the 'stros just hopefully with out the cheating.
I was one of the Gary voters, literally he was Democrat lite.. There is all this talk about the popular vote too. I did the math (quite a while ago) Clinton only won big in (like by millions) in two states.. NY and CA. Pretty much the rest where close or large for President Trump. Which means in essence, if we went by a national popular vote, two states would have determined the result. I didn't/don't want Trump to win, but I also don't think that's right. sorry i don't recall the numbers but easy to find if interested. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_presidential_election)
def can say that about many characters in the game. Drax and Adam are the two big ones that come to mind. I can see many of the core avengers getting many uniforms cause thats the MCU spotlight.. but these others deserve some love.
Another trap just say what it is you want to say. Right now i'd just sign Russell between stallings and martin, should be able to eat enough innings and maybe surprise as well. maybe make another run at Castro next off season depending on how the team looks next offseason. There are a couple trade options that "maybe available" right now, but the cost maybe too high
amazon is relativly cheap. stop by your local shops as well. DDR3 is nothing but a key chain for a lot of places now days. I'm looking at getting some myself. /r/homelabsales /r/hardwareswap too.
was that a question in the title? :-) /s aside, agreed. Personally i try not to downvote unless someone is just being an asshat.
came here to say the same lol. Player of the Generation
pretty cool. Next time (there will be a next time lol) check the low power xeons. If you are not stuck on rackmount you can build an x79 10c/20t L for pretty cheap and with less noise. I'm planning on this pending a response from the retailer. Plan on pfSense, WoW (multiple), Runescape, FOG deployment, Slack alternatve (rocket chat i think) and Jitsi. 10/20 is probably over kill.. but hey for $50....
cool, thanks. an updated skull would be nice. he was just okay for his time way back when but now... just SL fodder.
1&gt; first make sure you don't have any CD's or thumb drives in it. Second on boot try tapping the f12 button see if the bios comes up.. if not reboot and try the DEL button. Also post the make and model. 2&gt; I'm in love with my surface book at work. More expensive but great, for any type of semi-serious gaming make sure you get the dedicated nvidia gpu. Also get the Microsoft warranty thing (MS versions of apple care) and a decent case. There are other quality options but I love this one. I'm not a fan of laptops and this is now all I use at work.
pretty sexy.. nice job.
none of these should cost more than 4M, Billy probably a MiLB deal with incentives and roster bonus and Kevin Cameron 1m-3m with incentives. Player opts outs if they don't make the 25.. uh.. 26 man by the end of May. Team option for '21 at a similar price with a buy out to the point where you might as well keep them if there is a roster spot... similar opt out. none of them ideal.. personally considering they appear to have given up on 2020 to be anything but a bottom barrel team.. i wouldn't sign another OF player to an MLB contract.. well maybe a starter inning eater.. but thats it.. Run with what they already signed and Polanco Reynolds Osuna. Not waste any more money on a team that likely won't get .500. If they keep the rest of the core and they do well.. then spend the "saved" 10's of millions over the the "few years" on quality free agents... make a serious push for the post season. If it fails they got more quality trade bait to reload with.
When i was drinking heavily every day I went through the same thing. My diet consisted of booze and the occasional cheese sticks or whatever was on sale at the bar that night. I would eat and then be sick, so i just wouldn't eat much if at all. i was down to about 90lbs when i finally gave it up. With in a couple months I got to the point to where I could eat with out getting nauseated. So basically quit and wait it out for a while. After detoxing find safe foods. (when detoxing eating will be a real chore so whatever you can get) Mashed taters and soup worked okay for me. Add in supplements and those nutrition shakes. after a while things should start to get more "normal". sounds like he is pretty much at the point to where if he continues this life he'll at best be in the hospital often, at worst drink him self to death. In his case it seems this isn't away to live.. it is a way to die.
my wife had pretty similar the poops and nausea was her normal anyway so duno if that was worse or not. After every infusion wither its iron or not, she gets a headache.. even if its just fluids. The chills "might" be because that when you are low on iron your temp changes in some parts of your body, usually cooler if i remember correctly. my wife would touch me and it felt like she was sticking me with ice daggers lol. When your numbers gets closer to normal that will hopefully go away. Of course i'm just making that up i'm not an expert but seems to fit. after a while and her levels started to be more "normal" these things faded away. TL:DR: I wouldn't panic, but keep in touch with your doctor and specialist.
is it just the wifi? have you plugged into the wired connection on the modem to see if it works fine if it does the xFinity side is fine quit bugging them. From the sounds of it you run the modem and wifi seperately using a netgear access point. Assuming the xfinity side is fine the netgear devices is the culprit. see if you got a buddy or someone who might have a spare access point.. OR see if xfinity has one built into the modem (many do now days) the DHCP service on one of the devices might be boogered up too which could be a sign of misconfiguration on one or both devices this could cause the IP Conflict. It could also happen if you assigned a static IP to any of the devices in your house and didn't reserve them
the access point could be the router depending on your set up. what ever has the antennas is your AP :-) to check dhcp you would need to login to their web interfaces and make sure just one of them are enabled not both. if the wired connection into the modem works then try wired from the AP. just to narrow the problem down. im on the road so i might be screwing somethin up so double check me
If so, stretched out as a starter but could be decent pen arm. Also may not make it out of spring lol. He seems like a crap shoot.. one year pretty decent next year sucks. If he's a starter likely a decent inning eater.
he was mostly a reliever last year.
yeah rebuild. those FX's where barely good for their time you can take your drives, case and probably PSU to a new build. then upgrade those in your new build as money allows you and if needed.
there is a portable version around somewhere.. i used it a couple years back. We used it so much on quick scans and uninstall not even thinking about licensing issues.. eventually they called us and where like WTF Mate.. we where like.. oh yeah... My bad. If you are using it for more than a one off thing.. either find something else or buy their business/tech license if they still offer the tech license. edit: clarified a sentance
i like how they cut out a large part of the statement.. freaking esquire... anyway a more complete [relevant portion of the letter is here](https://reason.com/2020/01/31/lamar-alexander-a-key-gop-senator-says-trumps-delay-of-ukraine-funds-was-inappropriate-but-not-impeachable/printer/) and what looks like the [full letter here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/01/31/lamar-alexanders-yes-he-did-it-statement-trump-annotated/) for l those too lazy to click ;-) &gt;I worked with other senators to make sure that we have the right to ask for more documents and witnesses, but there is no need for more evidence to prove something that has already been proven and that does not meet the United States Constitution's high bar for an impeachable offense. &gt;There is no need for more evidence to prove that the president asked Ukraine to investigate Joe Biden and his son, Hunter; he said this on television on October 3, 2019, and during his July 25, 2019, telephone call with the president of Ukraine. There is no need for more evidence to conclude that the president withheld United States aid, at least in part, to pressure Ukraine to investigate the Bidens; the House managers have proved this with what they call a "mountain of overwhelming evidence." There is no need to consider further the frivolous second article of impeachment that would remove the president for asserting his constitutional prerogative to protect confidential conversations with his close advisers. &gt;It was inappropriate for the president to ask a foreign leader to investigate his political opponent and to withhold United States aid to encourage that investigation. When elected officials inappropriately interfere with such investigations, it undermines the principle of equal justice under the law. But the Constitution does not give the Senate the power to remove the president from office and ban him from this year's ballot simply for actions that are inappropriate. &gt;The question then is not whether the president did it, but whether the United States Senate or the American people should decide what to do about what he did. I believe that the Constitution provides that the people should make that decision in the presidential election that begins in Iowa on Monday. EDIT: I can't change what he wrote.. well i could but that would be dishonest ha! Just more context of what was actually said.. not what one particular person/group spins it to what they want.
i'm using [FOG Project](https://fogproject.org/) at home works rather good for my small setup. WDS if you are a Microsoft shop is nice as well
mine isn't internet facing so i haven't worried about it much after initial install. Its a more recent version over the fall, not home can't look
every time i've run into this issue, it is power related. you said you swapped it.. was it for another SATA power on the same line? if so pick one from a different one. ... hey worth a shot.
We addicts often replace one addiction with another, this might be what it is. Or could be your body is wanting to get certain nutrition that you have been neglecting while using.... or a bit of both. Think of something you enjoyed before you started using. Pick it up again. Preferably something you didn't do a lot while you where using. for me was video gaming and music, but really pick something that isn't self destructive. supplements and them slim fast type shakes and such could help with your nutrition as well. Maybe see a medical professional if it continues. then there is that this may just be the natural you with out coke. There is nothing wrong with it as long as you are remaining generally healthy
thanks for the heads up, i was going to blow a bunch of nrgy there today :-/
I see what you did there. make me LOL then i realized oh shit, that happened.
Libertarians are not against authority, generally we are against improper use of and who has it. well at least me. We are not anarchists. Regardless if i'm a police officer or a private citizen. Someone threatens me I protect my self and mine, period. Proper response doesn't always come to people quickly and mistakes made. I give 'a little' leeway depending on the situation.. this is how i always felt. the borderline between threat and not is very grey right now more or less. It is a mess, it sucks but that is what it is.
i agree with /u/will-this-name-work Take it to them. EDIT: seems to be confusion on what I am talking about, the title says sitting on your front porch so I assumed we where talking about [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JfbxXB-cG4) apparently I am wrong. but i'll leave what i said about that issue. ----- But if an authority figure is telling you to do something that isn't harmful to you or yours, for your safety do it, especially if they're pointing a gun at you. You cannot defend your rights if you are not around to defend your rights. It doesn't matter if it is a tank, a gun with bean bags or a taser just do it. Bitch and complain about it here all you want i'm with you but the fact is out there in the streets no one cares right now.
no its not, its about staying alive. I will not be a martyr for a cause when i have family i need to keep safe. Do you think an authority gives a shit about your personal beliefs right now? Do what you want, i will not fault you for it.
IIRC 3/4% is higher than normal? Even in my area.. that was mostly anti-trump hard core are now ... well.. he isn't 'thaaat' bad... well before the whole everyone getting sick thing. I don't think any of us would vote for him but the tone is different.
listen hear. don't call me a fascist be cause you put words in my mouths. don't be a jagoff. I never said it was okay for people to shot you. I said if they tell you to get inside you do it so you don't get shot. Most [of them] don't care what your rights are right now.
I am doing no such thing you saying I am is not a valid argument. say why you think I am, I might be not conveying my message correctly. I'm saying don't give them "a reason" too. It may not be a valid reason for them to do it but many of them don't care even if we do. go up to one of these people and tell them your rights if you want. This person likely would shoot you before you get to your porch stairs. Justified no, will he yes. Live to fight another day when things calm down some.
okay when an officer is pointing a gun at you when people are attacking officers, walk up to him or her. I wish you the best. I'm not risking it right now. I agree with you it is wrong, but i'm not going to try to reason with someone who has an itchy trigger finger. I'll wait until they calm down first.
not following their orders is their reason, it shouldn't be the order. They don't care.
that is a possibility but a stretch on the topic at hand of people getting shot at with paint balls while minding their own business on their porch. [like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JfbxXB-cG4) If you want to take the conversation beyond that, then on most of we probably agree that it is a possibility.
oh no sorry if i gave that impression. i went back to two previous versions (i had other issues as well). I'm using one of those Chinese x79 boards so i have a bunch of wonky stuff. ended up switching to server12... esxi would only pickup 16gb memory. windows gets all 32 but the board won't take more than that but advertised at 64gb. hey for $50 its hard to complain too much.. especially when the shipping back would cost more than the $50 probably.. especially now.
would love to see this pass, hopefully common sense gets yay votes on it... .. . whats to stop them from buying it on their own though? well besides funding. Is that in there too? I think this would fall under state rules? Just asking as i'm not sure.
well that settles that on buying the ctp and mt2 ticket deal. No more. My week one team is full rage. If Adam gets an update and the deal is still there... outside chance i get it.
after getting gladiator day one... i finally got his potential and lvl 70. time to build him up but damn i'm broke.
you're good. if you were live streaming games and such more is better
really sucks, but if there is a time to have it done....
sad to admit i did to and then had one of those, "ohhhh, yeah...." moments.
i think SCOTUS said it was but very quick duckduckgo didn't give me a source, i could be full of shit... not the first time ;-)
whats the best place to get the most clear tickets for a free2play?
here is hoping. I doubt someone would go through the trouble of putting the html in there to fake it... some of us still prefer plain text emails cause we're old but possible fake. Hope not [a fake].. need that adam buff and it better be damn good.
yeah can't do squad battle yet on my f2p accounts. need to finish story mode lol.
OH YEAH forgot about that... big thanks!
the far left probably classifies people who like to go to the range, sport shoot, and hunt in groups and happen to be trump supporters as these type. got a few of them around my place and they're good people even if i disagree with their politics. the far right kinda does the same thing with those like antifa i'm sure there are these people and some worse than others.. but probably less than they're making it out to be.
i'm always looking for cool thing like this but the most useful and cool thing is the little drawers. I'd like to put a little fish tank in given where my bays are, it'd be pretty safe.. but i have very little skill in making such a thing... and if i did it... it wouldn't be safe lol.. well.. maybe i just got an idea.... hold my mt dew. ;-) summer time project if i get to take my vakay time.
I had some hope he'd get us out of some of these conflicts, at first it seemed like he would but then... threw that out the window. That really was about the only almost at least partially libertarian thing I thought he might do turns out... nope.
Adam Warlock, if you've seen me on my comments probably already knew that cause i bring him up on nearly ever comment lol. Thanos and Warpath right behind him. Last i looked i had rank 10 warpath. My team though is which ever needs uni exp though.
the 10$ one is as far as you should go unless you where already planning on buying a mega t2. You probably shouldn't be buying a mega t2 since we've gotten quite a few "free" ones as of late. for 10$ a bit of crystals a lot of mats and the mega 6* ticket isn't all that bad.. I may buy it this time around as the mats would be useful after the last epic and could use the mega 6* as i used my last one.
infinity guantlet adam era would be a good story line with magus and goddess. living tribunal adam of course :-) the new one from guardians annual looks pretty cool too but id like the soul gem what ever way it goes. gamora thanos and drax from that era awesome too
I got that reference.
No, but all the wiring is still there. I might get one for my daughter to make an emergency call as I am sick and if i need help.... Also if its cheap enough 1.5mb DSL with it as a back up service for my 1gb cable lol.
[here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/DaystromInstitute/wiki/algernon_ds9_relaunchnovels) Avatar if you want to jump right in.. the biggest MUST is A Stitch in Time. When i got it, it was very hard to find but i'm sure you can find it digital now days. It is written by AJ Robinson (Garak) and goes over his life story and is flipping amazing. the others are pretty good too but this book is by far the best
congrats but [The Daily Gloating/Vent thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/future_fight/comments/gydxf1/basic_gloating_and_venting_thread_june_07_2020/) is where this belongs. there is a new thread everyday Thanks
i hear quite a few newer characters can do this if built up. I've only run Raid once since the legendary quests changed and soloed Galactus with a pve thanos. so yeah.. probably many characters can do it now. Maybe i'll test it out more next saturday.
for gladiator yeah, plus her team buff is pretty darn good too. I'd say yes unless you want the long grind. Maybe save it until next update just to be safe.
“gun nuts won’t support black people having guns.” yeah just to reinforce... In that rally in VA or WV i dont recall. there where many minorities represented and they got along just fine with the white 2a people. Of course the media doesn't show this.
along those lines, all constitutional rights apply to all Americans. Some choose not to exercise them, and that's okay until they tell the rest of use we cannot.
odd a company that large would not have their own IT, isn't it? i have no reason to dispute it, just odd to me is all
he had a few problems: One: he generally worked with vets who where close to being washed up ( Fransico and AJ pretty much ) Two: he worked better with players that listened not the ones that didn't (J Mac) Three: He tried to change pitchers to his mold when they already had a quality skill set. I'd say there are just as many pitchers that left that where still bad when they left, (jeff locke) for example Only a handful of success stories when they left though. Cole Glassnow, Morton which where huge. IMO: Pitching to contact when you have fairly poor (or just right bad) defense is one of the worst things you can do.
Not unexpected. Don't like it, I feel like we should be able to police our own but.... with people all worked up.. i get why reddit would at least say they're doing it. As long as the reddit rule is fairly enforced and the rules clear pretty much gota be okay with it.. their business, their rules. if it isn't and goes to complete shit (compared to the partial shit it is now) time to find a new platform.
its pretty easy, until you start having to scale. with out funding of some sort to scale equipment and staff.. that's when it gets hairy. I bet a go fund me would get some costs paid for.. there are a lot of people who hate the major players. (reddit, twitter, myspace,etc) I think someone started a blockchain type social media type thing a while back. I wonder if that is still a thing.
&gt; No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider. Section 230. This is one of the things Trump asked the FCC to look into it with his executive order. I'm not sure how i feel about it. IMO the problem now is that they're all platforms but platforms for what they want people to see. To me that sounds more like a publisher does it not? If i'm mistaken somewhere please let me know.
pricey for what it is. You can build better for the price. Still would be pretty snappy, but not 700$ snappy. maybe $500. if it had a monitor/keyboard/mouse maybe more, if they where better than the generic anyway.
simply, publishers choose what content they do or do not want. platforms are open and free baring legality. section 230 says no provider will be considered a publisher. individuals are responsible for their content. this was written this way to protect ISPs way back when so they couldnt be sued of someone uploaded copy righted or other illegal content. later this extended to isps and users using napster and such moving forward. social media as we know it didnt exist, BBS and "basic" forums was about it. IMO: it does need modification. if a company is going to allow and disallow content based on their policies and not law then they should be a publisher. they should be allowed to do what they want as a private company. but they would need to decide what they want to be if the rules change. there is probably a fair compromise in there somewhere that i just cannot think of
Correct on is the IP information. I had forgotten about that and thought it was our policy directly and would have done so anyway when a request comes in.
LOL yeah. We got the Kids pack kindle tablet thing for her and her echo. Works rather well. If you where thinking about a tablet or something (and don't have) check black friday for the kids kindle.. sounds like yours might be little old for it though.
I don't think he was actually on the station much through the first half of the series.. and when he was they don't show much of him being in public areas?
you mean the democrats which control state government of New York are in charge of overseeing elections? Damn those Pubs are sure good at interfering in elections that Democrats control and oversee! (2018 General) Sure could be nefarious or could just be incompetency. either way its not good. Adding more Tech to the election seems to be causing more problems than its worth :-/
the Maquis he says something to the effect of "the less i'm seen parading around the station...." when he slips into Ben's quarters. The one with the orphan cardassian i think he's wandering around but i don't think they show that on screen? I'm sure there are probably one or two shots of him doing so.. i just cannot think of one.
haha makes sense... change my voice mail to 'I'll Be Back'
yeah i'm with you. If the world wouldn't have went to shit i would've taken a proper vakay and left my work phone at home. I wish ours did roll over, would solve so many problems for me... but probably piss of quite a few when i'd take three months off every couple years ;-)
I guarantee not quite how you are imagining it... well at least not here. I'm sure many other places are.
i'm jealous lol.
yeah after 5 years we're about the same.. 15 days vakay and up to 13 days pto.. really doesn't matter what they call it... its basically the same and we can interchange them. first 4 years is 10 days vakay. I think it goes up to 30 days cap.. only a handful made it that far i think lol We have more holidays though than your typical place. the normal banking/govmnt holidays plus half dozen more.. i don't recall off the top my head.
Pirates HOF no doubt.. mlb more fringy but probably should be. about half his career likely ruined by the drug use, had he not got caught up in that he'd be a shoe in even if he went back to being an average player.
&gt; then you're understaffed. The worlds on fire. Just saying. a good portion of the country is understaffed in general if they're lucky enough to be even open. Under normal circumstances I agree, only calls I take are my bosses in case i forgot to fill them in on something and usually they just sent an email or text. This has been the way every where i've worked that was not enterprise where you have 30 front line techs, 5 network admins, 5 engineers, etc.. (depending on your enterprise size or whatever) EDIT: even that last enterprise business i was at is completely shut down except a couple who are doing some upgrades while they can.
Reddit as a private company can do this yes, i don't like the_donald even though i've only really seen reposts i also don't like r polotics both seem to be circlejerks I do believe you are right, its all about the Ad dollars.
I expected it Freedom and Liberty is not as popular as it once was. Actually half expected to be banned. maybe mods are sleeping /shrug
fair nuff :-) i noticed quite a few subs ban for less. that's why /r/WatchRedditDie exists :-) good mods *pat on head* lol.. thanks!
that's what i'm saying. In fact that is the very first thing i said :-) Reddit can moderate stuff they don't believe in. You can refuse to rent your property for something you don't believe in a bakery can refuse to bake a cake for a cause they don't believe in. All private, they can do what they want. I just don't agree.. well maybe your example i would ;-) there are similar conversations about this over at /r/libertarian all the time. once you get past the trolls from politcs and t_d its pretty good conversation.
at the risk of `what-about-ism`... conservatives have their own echo chambers, generally not on social media though. I do think if you take out the far left and far right and have "normal" people sit down and discuss we'd all agree more than we disagree.
you're paying for it you get it. Unless `code` says you can't but you probably already crossed that bridge. I'd just ask nicely if there was a reason beyond code. if not tell'm you want it cause thats what you paid for. try to not get overly confrontational just firm. If it starts to become an argument ask them to stop construction let'm sleep on it and call your lawyer if nothing is resolved. I don't know about out there, but here its a rather stressful time and at times a bit overwhelming. a quick cool down period might just resolve it. If they do have a valid reason maybe bring in a dedicated HVAC group to take a peek see if they screwed up or a real issue. Or could just be a greedy bastard wanting an extra $100.
Finished GoTG epic quest on both of my F2P accounts. refresh TL though. Only refreshed cause i was having fantastic RNG on item drops from DM. Might wait a little while before i unlock nova/guardian.. or may not.. havn't decided yet.
gratz! ouch.
internet winner of the day!
oh yeah. I get paid for it its not like i just give up my time. If that where the case.. can of nope.
they don't expect me to. **I** do. Think of it more like paid charity work.
I don't think so, but i don't come here everyday either
the drum head is pretty good. Measure of a Man and The Wounded.. oh the wounded. One short passaged pulled me out of a dark place. [About Anger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whNDMnr17yM) [and hating what i become](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Owyj_5TuHQw) episode very powerful to me.. and seems fairly relevant in this day also since we're talking about star trek... one of the best parts of all star trek lol [DS9 thats a stupid question](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daYKTvCBNz8)
i ran out of time to look but i hope to get back to it soon. I wanted to look to see if you can get the enterprise but only get like 5-10 licenses... might swing back to that at a later time.
mt2 no doubt. Bios are pretty easy to come by now for most characters, the bio saving is kinda pointless. also clearly premium characters.
data wise the OP likely correct (didn't check the math) But the advice is still bad 'most' of the character bios are rather easy to get now minus the more exclusive characters like the bio subs. The amount of bio selectors we run into is pretty high. so no real point to save bios. So this doesn't apply to any one but more premium characters. for full on f2p characters you can get a Fury and Valk in the legendary then mt2 and returning users get a premium as well. the Mt2 is MUCH more valuable than a few normal rank ups. Get the mt2. save up 2600 crystals for a mrut or for the legendary. This is how i finished the epic quests day one. (with a TL reset or two) it speeds you along and f2p can get guardian with out a huge wait for phyla. both my f2p accounts can have guardian after we get the mt2.. but i'll probably wait to see the next update first. Regardless if you are f2p or not the mt2 is a better deal UNLESS you have multiple mt2 tickets in your inventory. then... maybe it maybe a good idea to think about the normal tickets. But those people probably don't need this advice :-)
what i find funny is that one of the hangups is salary. The easy answer for pay is add up what MLB been paid during the closure subtract that from their yearly salary and then pro-rate that. everyone gets the same amount in the end. MiLB give them their normal prorated salary. Seems like a great compromise to me I know many who haven't been able to work, I know many who are not back to work. I know many who will never be able to go back due to their business shutting down. I know many who where asked to come back that just refused and are now actually unemployed and no longer get unemployment. most of those people had good reason and usually are still on unemployment. Players gota look out for them selves i get it, but look 50 games at 80% (or what ever) of their normal salary for the final two months vs. 0% of salary over no games helps no one. Owners don't "need" you to return this season to stay in business and the franchise will exist with or with out you as you lose a whole year of playtime none of them are getting any younger. Take another week see if you can get somewhere if not.. take what has been offered and get back to work on the CBA.
Nothing new, it happens. you probably lived that life style quite a long time. Having dreams that involved part of that life isn't out of the ordinary.
they are like Jedi, Killed off in the Distro Wars and when you do find one they can fix nay issue you have by manipulating the dark side CLI.
my main, just another one in inventory.. have three now :-/ my f2p accounts i went with luna. I was going to go phyla and the nova pack would give me three t2 characters. But luna is the best so... got her and the latest uni.
I'm full SSD on nearly every system in my home, using a NAS for backups and media. Im of the opinion get what you need. Add on later. i started with a single 512NVME in my current main system and now have two additional 256GB. Over the years i've built up a fair stock of SSD's so i need one i can probably pull one out my butt for a non-new build. my pride and joys are my Agility 2, Vertex and Samsung 830pro. I didn't thing the OCZ would be running still but.. damn. the Samsung pro is just that.. pro.
well with games being 80+GB in size now days... 1tb drive doesn't go very far lol. on y 512 i had to pick.. doom or CoD:MW LOL just gota pick your priorities +/- based on budget. in your example i'd go video since i got GB internet and can download stuff fairly quick and have a NAS with a fair amount of space. each situation is a bit different.
mostly player skills is what i'm referring to. I never paid attention to the boss's sounds. With so much graphical clutter hard to tell wtf is going on sometimes. like say you are cable and you fire off the barrage of death. you get interrupted a second into it but so much gfx all over the place can't really tell whats what but his sfx hard to mistake. during those times i just barely look at the field and just watch my CDs whle listening to see if i got interupted or what have you. Hey to each their own i guess. i like the sound helps me play and get my timings down.
yeah i have the music off too no matter what.
4c - 5c - 2 - 1 - 3 - 4c - 2 - 1 - 3... 4 shield and cancel it right away 5 initial damage and cancel.. with phoenix uni right after the spin.. i forget what the animation is for non-uni. 1-2-3 the order of these isn't terribly important but 3 has an iFrame so take advantage of that but let them run with out canceling. 4 should be ready again. then fill with 1,2,3 whatever. 5 cancel after first portion t3 - some say cancel t3 after the spin. ive done it both ways and the end result is similar but letting it run gives you a more steady rotation. the TL;DR: 4c,5c after a second, 123 let run. 4c 123... pretty much repeat until t3.
luna or namor. Luna is the best pretty much i the game, but they give bios for her from time and you can use tickets to get her to t2. so i'd do namor. don't to fury or valk. you can buy them at 6* from the legendary quests with crystals.
i was thinking of going to apple and android both.. i could sync to face book and just link the iOS device to facebook and play on both? i'm currently on Play store.
yeah, i knew it but never thought about it. PSA: shes still useful for under 25 SL and 31-45ish if you have her half way built. If you do SL.. i really don't much myself.
Long ass post forgive me. clearly not all of these are possible at once... I had a handful of more ideas but by the time i got to the end of this... ***poof*** they where gone **redo almost every mode** * increase WB to 10 runs reduce the striker resistance thingy by 30%. Audio warning when boss specials start. Kinda like what DBM did on WoW. Add character refresh, 1 at shield level 50, 2 at shield level 70. T2/T3 drops guaranteed at a fixed rate and increase with stages. Daily WB increases the drop rate for each 10 stages by 3 until 50 and then 1 there after.. remove lower end items from the chest boxes add guaranteed box at 5 and 10 runs. Add a chest to normal WB that gives t3 mats for new players. Gives incentive to run WBU beyond 50 for vets. CCF example, but follows same idea for other t3 mats. Stage| CCF | ---|--- 1-10| 10 11-20|13 21-30|16 31-40|19 41-50|22 51-60|23-26RNG 61-70|24-27RNG 71-80|25-28RNG 91-99|26-29RNG * Alliance battle in general. Change the mobs to different NPC's. Bosses but with similar abilities. Similar to how raid works just daily. Just for something different * alliance battle. redo the normal mode to be more like a weaker abx with a frost beast but no stuns/silence and such. set timer to 5 minutes and cap at 500k. add rewards for 250k, 350k and 500k. Clear tickets, gold and bios. (more useful to new players) * ABX - remove defense up roar. Add 50% defense total to the beast from the start. this will stop silencing while keeping it more difficult and consistent. Increase the meteor stun to 6 hits before stun. Increase the trash mobs points by for each defup stage we currently have and increase their damage/defense by the same amount. Trash can do status effects like poison or bleed that penetrates (like wbu acid). while adding tic damage so that health "maybe" a concern.. unlike now. * Add more story missions. Story was pretty fun the first time through. more of those would add some thing to actually play. Roll Heroic missions in to this somehow. * Add a 'Boss' unlock at the end of story related to the story that has a normal and extreme mode. Normal you have to use the default characters in the story, extreme you can use your roster similar to AB but MUCH (harder than raid) more difficult, extreme mode give a 25% bonus to stats to characters in the story. Normal rewards a chest drop with RNG for 5 star iso, gear, card with a (very)small chance for a second/third generation CTP and premium card. Extreme mod 6* iso/gear/card with a better chance of ctp/premium card. * Drop Timeline battle, roll the rewards into DR but instead of 10 runs only 1 daily run to complete the participation. * Squad Battle, pretty cool mode but change the restrictions remove the race option.. its a PITA. add an RNG chest at the end based on your percentage but not for 1,2,3 place. just flat 1-10% get a good chest last 90% get an okay chest IF they participated at all. Give autoplay+ to all players. * shadow lands - remove the increasing count. change to three difficulties. Normal, Heroic, Legendary (or something). floors 1-24 are random as normal and are different for each difficulty. No floors are freshable Legendary floors 25-30 require t3 to do damage but you can use any 6 star+ in the team as support. every floor you MUST use three characters of a certain rank or higher Difficulty|Minimum rank --|-- Normal|2 star Heroic|4 star Legendary|6 star * change shadowlands rewards add WBU chests to each 5th stage, blue, orange, red for each difficulty with boxes at the finish of each difficulty. Add first clear rewards for each full clear and then once a month reset the rewards to be a lesser reward. Difficulty|Rewards|first clear|monthly clear (once a month)|weekly clear --|--|--|--|-- Normal | same | mega 6* | Normal 6*|5 RNG boxes. Heroic|double rewards t3mats for 15+|mega t2| Mega 6* | 7 RNG Boxes. Legendary|2.5 rewards as normal. t3mats for every floor|ctp selector|mega t2 | 10 RNG boxes. * epic missions - reduce the requirement for collection mats by 50% for "old" missions. New missions leave the same. * roll World boss invasion into GBR. * reduce the bloom of skill effects.. or have a check box to lower it a great amount with out further reducing the quality to make it easier to see what the player is actually doing. * Uniforms. Players choose which uniform stats to be applied regardless of the uniform they are wearing. this will also show as text on the portrait so attackers know * Character. Add a second gear slot. permanitly reduce the cost of iso, gear and uru amplification. Add a selection on the ISO reroll so you can tell it which sets you are looking for and give you a pity timer. * Character. ** fix adam warlock finally ** ;-) * Store. Add pity timer to comic cards. * inventory increase the amount of slots per purchase to 25 instead of 10 while keeping the cost the same.
Wolvie up so high? what am i missing with him? Didn't realize saber with uni was good.. next uni sale... I really havn't been paying attention to these two. I'd probably bump drax up a peg. a fairly decent build isn't all that bad. much better than blade for sure. Maybe absorbing man and lesser maybe to jessica. remove debuff, doesn't normal wasp have it too?
really haven't done shadow lands much for quite a long time. This week i made it to floor 70 using just one character. Problem with that is that i had to use hire powered characters and spend millions to build up some i never bothered with. may not seem like a lot but for not trying since i got my uni ticket first clear the second week after the expanded SL.. my feels are pretty good lol. Hopefully i have time to do more tonight
NICE!!!, i knew i'd regret doing the epic quest lol. i'm FAR away from it.
awesome! can i have some of your hax please :-)
thanks!
what the actual fuck. banning for upvotes? how much farther can they go before they just say you are not radical left.. you can't be here. It's dumb, they're cutting off half of the user base basically.
get the PO/Proof of purchase call apple.. setup a new itunes account done. for us usually a day or two before apple processes it.. sometimes same day if we get it in early and their queue is light. If you are bent on using the old one then you have to do the recovery. assuming they got a phone number attached it will text them and they can recover that way. this takes two weeks to two months. but i've done two the past couple months.. about 14 days it takes.
If you are a pve person, i'd probably go sharon and get her last uni next sale if you have a spare CTPe drop it on her and proc on her t3. Reason, cheap and meta. still really darn good with out the newest uni Black widow with the latest uni is darn good at pvp if thats your thing go with her. Jean and Apoc are probably better but they also cost quite a bit more.
Rage - Luna no doubt. best PVE character in the game with rage. Energy - Min-erva if you are going for abx procing on her 4th skill. Regen - i don't have SS yet, but probably the next best. possibly Colossus if you are going to build him. Transcendence - Crescent if you are going to t3 her anytime soon, else someone else with with summons. Loki for example.
Rage for luna. there really isn't a question there :-) MUCH better than judgement. There are other good options for Judgement. I got one on my prof x currently. Pretty much any elemental type damage as you likely know.
CW4 from almost any card chest. I got most of mine from shadow lands i think Bishop from Dimensional missions, not sure which day(s)
destroyer as well. decent BW build can also take down lower built t3 SS as well but it also isn't consistent on auto.
Thanos for all modes With a PVP obe hes still damn good at pve, with a pve obe hes still darn good at pvp, but much easier to take down of course. Apoc is another decent all rounder. I don't have him and uni myself but often kicks my butt when i'm not running good pvp teams. Strange is good, others are just better Note: i didn't look at your account to see what you already have.
rage, no question. POAH or Overdrive. CM, if you got another rage... other wise destruction. Best option for rage is Luna. CM and Namor next. Magneto with his white uni. Note: i'm not sure about the characters from GoTG update. don't have them all built yet. But still Luna ;-)
for all... for PVE, PoAH or Overdrive are best choices. Hawkeye if you are short on SCD and don't think you'll have it any time soon. both PoAH and Overdrive are ******NOT****** useless for Beta Ray. the biggest thing is the proc. Just don't put *uru* or 4 gear into speed or ignore defense. OD probably the better option for more min/maxing offense. i ment uru not iso.
surge protector or power strip? either way, they're generally not very good at actually protecting you. A mid priced battery is much better. Not perfect but better. After a handful of situations like yours. all my more expensive electronics are plugged into one. also when you switch your breaker unplug them. that in itself causes a surge. ANY way.. take them to a different outlet on a different circuit either by moving or getting an extension. the extension quality doesn't really matter right now since you are just testing. if it works get a quality extension cord. switch the breaker back off and call an electrician. If it doesn't work you are likely SOL EDIT: the one in the kitchen sounds like you just need to push the reset button. but unplug your devices from it and hit the reset
i edited my post on the kitchen one. unplug and put in another device see if it comes on. if not, hit the reset button.
drat. for the tv and xbox you might be able to find a repair person. The xbox you might be able to find a replacement PSU on ebay. I havn't opened one up myself since orginal xbox but probably fairly easy to hook up. May fix it.
windows 10 built in is great for most. Add in something like Malware bytes free, disable the real time stuff and run it every month or two if you just want to double up. or strange things start happening.
the best part of JJ Trek was the cast. If you want some more action DS9 the Circle multi-parter and later on the dominion war. You miss some of the details with out the rest of the series though. the first jj trek was painful with the flares.. i think that is almost universally agreed on :-). Not saying they where bad, but the whole timeline change was the down fall IMO. Also check out Firefly/Serenity. Its a good mix of action and acting. Its not trek but its pretty awesome
lol yeah those not your knee haha thats good stuff. i love duck duck go. less privacy issues, more organic results and it runs great in firefox. there are other options i just like DDG the best
If your employer refuses to work with you with your mental/health issues which i would qualify as "burnout" then you need to find another option. If they try to work with you but just can't at certain times then maybe stay while keeping an eye out for another option. If you do take time to work on the 'burnout' and you still have issues. Find a new job or even career. It's that simple.
yeah i just heard one person, in a one man department getting a bit of time and i think he said some pay too. that's why i thought i'd ask just to reinforce my thought of not pushing the subject and just mentioning in passing. I did find out in the past half hour that quite a few of those people laid off are not coming back. Probably cause they realized that we can run with out them.
yeah this doesn't make sense. I heard it live and it sounded like an obvious joke, i even laughed. then i hear this and i'm like wtf?! then i hear this hearing going on and they're all saying no one told them to slow down (yet). smoke and mirrors lol
I haven't really considered working from home a benefit because i actually have stuff to do :-(
In the US Cares ACT in march made furloughed employees eligible for unemployment. so i lump them into the same bucket.
hold on there.. Yes if they made under 60k (or there bouts) they "have it made". Not really have it made but make same or more with doing no work. Not just "restaurant" type workers. I'm not just saying IT people sys admin or IT in general getting laid off. I'm talking organization wide. Working from home is not being unemployed.. well unless they laid you off or what have you... and is not a benefit as i said in another comment. I was on quarantine twice totaling 20 days. I fully understand. If i wasn't on company payroll, i wouldn't be taking calls except from certain people. In case i forgot to document something you know. Ive gotten in discussions similar to the one you are having where i'm making the same argument, i agree with you on the last paragraph. I think you are just taking my meaning to something else. It happens. Even on my vacation days i'm talking calls. Its been that way for me the in the 20+ years i've been doing this.
:thumbsup: I guess on somethings it was easier for me too. less walk in distractions once i got my daughter to realize i was actually working.
wow, $2/hour is kinda big.. well more than i was thinking. That's a good deal though. i'd have to say much more than most.
not me, that's why i didn't ask for a layoff unlike many in the organization. some did have other legit reasons though...
this is one of the best episodes in all of trek, ever. IMO the writing and acting in this episode is top notch.. was cool seeing these guys out of their makeup. JG with out the makeup had me confused until i heard his voice. "she's got a worm in her belly!" What happened with Jake really kicked me in the chest in my first watch through. Does now too as that REALLY fits today. And Mike talking about how he is treated in baseball too... Watching it now should remind us how far we have come and also how much more we have yet to go.
wow thats quite a bit. Nice!
very nice! congrats!
I was in the same boat with my wife, she got diagnosed shortly after we got married. 1. It's okay to talk about poop. 2. Its not okay to bitch about poop. 2. Toilet paper and baby wipes are an appropriate anniversary gift (in addition to some of the normal stuff) 3. be prepared to eat the same foods all the time. when you are on free... "sneak" a cheese burger or whatever 4. when in public and hear, "I have to go!" doesn't mean that you have to leave. It may mean they have to find a toilet. help find one and be prepared to wait it out. 5. Expect movie nights or netflix and chill to be interrupted. make sure you battery is charged before you start so you can play on your phone while you wait. 6. After the Shots she may get really tired and such. don't get offended if she doesn't want to do anything. 7. don't offer home remedies that grandma showed you.. this isn't a "belly ache". 8. along those lines don't say, I saw and add for [some new drug]. she knows and probably asked the doctor already. 9. Don't be afraid to ask questions if something comes up and you don't understand. 9. if this turns in to long term. ask to go to the doctor with her and don't be afraid to ask questions. 10. My wife has a "puke" button. if something gets caught up in there and she gets a bit of pain... 11. along the lines of #2 keep a travel pack of baby wipes in your pocket and/or glove box. gives you a chance to be "the hero" lol. 12. Remember in many cases its not you if you get snapped at. being sick sometimes makes people grumpy. when something is going on simply ask if there is anything you can do. if not, steer clear. I suppose this is the same as most though. 13. don't get all weird if gas flies. have fun with it... "good one" and stuff like that. 14. oh and sometimes there maybe accidents... shit happens. 15. stick around here skim stuff. 16. one person may have different issues than another. different places with different issues. some in remission still have many issues. some you would never know. There is a maxim model who has it and has had surgery.. but looking at her you wouldn't know. So don't be like hey look Liz has it and shes fine whats your problem! type of thing. i'm sure there is more i can share but out of time :-)
LOL yeah i had the same issue with COD:MW huge. But to answer your question, yes. in the drive cage it looks like there is a place to mount one. If not. you can take some double sided tape and stick it where ever there is room. SSD's don't have as many issues as mechanical drive place ment. IN some cases i just let the drive hang for short term solutions IF the pc never moves, in my personal systems of course. (don't do this long term)
we bought those pads that they use in nursing homes for nights when things are not going well. Luckily this hasn't been much of an issue but did save some clean up time and worth the cost.
have you watched many of his videos? he basically said shes probably going to win but there could be a surprise.. paraphrase. At least how I took it... Maybe he was a little over optimistic about it though. Still gave me hope though :-)
yeah try not to use any more splitters/extenders. too often they cause issues. you might be able to do some wire rearranging to get one in the needed place though. for that though i'd ask for help from someone who digs inside machines though. can get confusing.
is it a managed switch?
[the ACA bill text](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billNavClient.xhtml?bill_id=201920200ACA5) [Section 31 Article 1](https://law.justia.com/constitution/california/article-i/section-31/) that would be repealed. funny how many publications do not link them eh?
Chances are unless you are a far left/right person you probably agree with libertarian ideas than you disagree.
I think the insane are driving the news ;-)
The federal civil rights act should still be still valid. This only changes the California constitution.
im not in california so i really don't know from hands on experience. i believe the argument is that it hasn't improved the situation at all. assuming that is in fact true then it makes sense to remove it amd follow the federal guidelines. but like i said im not there and only passingly know what's in the two state documents
hmm.. probably a failing switch then. I'd just pick up a cheap [netgear GS series](https://www.amazon.com/NETGEAR-8-Port-Gigabit-Ethernet-Unmanaged/dp/B07S98YLHM/ref=sr_1_3?crid=1CL1519B8PQ0Z&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=netgear%2Bgs308&amp;qid=1593028736&amp;sprefix=netgear%2Bgs%2Caps%2C167&amp;sr=8-3&amp;th=1) which are crazy cheap right now... i'm going to have to get one :-) EDIT: and if it doesn't work, at least you have a decent backup
Someone a couple years back did a data analysis and out of all the pitchers hurt it was like 1% or there bouts. Pitchers get hurt more on comebackers. I would however nearly mandate extended batting gear like padding in gloves, shin/foot guards and extended helmets. 1% is very small, but if you can reduce the risk just a little while letting them hit......
the only people it benefits are are one dimensional hitters and probably all but a handful of starters It's not so much the strategy never was the big part for me but yeah still there... but now that's almost gone with the minimum batter bull shit. The real issue is that you are telling baseball players to not be baseball players.
all depends on hayes. No Hayes, Osuna to third and Bell/Moran taking turns at first. I rather have colin coming off the bench where he excelled at pinch hitting. but really you play who is hot where ever they can :-) With Hayes, Osuna and Bell taking time at first, Osuna at third on Hayes days off. Moran when ever he is needed at either... probably first.
the worst thing about this, is that most buy into this bull shit.
I don't know about that. It took me a while to figure this stuff out.. Early on I fell into a couple of the traps until we started seeing an actual GI then i started coming around :)
CONGRATS! uh.. on the second part :-)
was just going to up vote but it was at 404 so i'll just say.. yeah this :-)
I went from WFH half the time to full in office after a lay off to a lower end tech. So now i'm doing almost all the tech work plus some admin stuff. I'm handling it just fine, other than for my sanity i see no reason to bring the tech full time. the rest of the organization though the bloat is really showing. other than the profit centers I'm pretty sure a lot of people don't come back. and even that the profit centers i bet they only bring a couple back at a time to see who they actually need.
eyeballing it just a two pin(wire) block terminated connector. but i could be wrong.
not sure why you couldn't get to it but... darn your good.. that is exactly what it is! Many many many thanks!
Stop trying to compare them to anything libertarian. they are not. They may say or do something that libertarians might like but neither is even close
&gt; Trump brought some troops home, but wanted to use them on the streets of America he can't he sent them to Saudis first :-p
Main: destruction Alt1: Regen Alt2: authority. Not what i was hoping for but not shit either so.. can't be mad.
I know how you feel i got 4. (and a crap tone of others) I'm really just going to start plopping them on people keeping one or two of each just in case they happen to become meta for someone at some point somewhere.
I gave mine to jean, seems to be a good balance between pvp and pve (with red uni). I'm not much of a pvp person though
meh iffy characters. good for the lineup but nothing OP but just good. Hard Paywall and a semi-paywall DR character. I'll get them both cause i collect them all. At least rsHulk will be free with the pass i'll have to rush through that. Not knowing what the token event will bring.... Hulk T3, not the worst but not strong enough i'll pass on the t3 and go for surfer, Hulks uni is cool looking but that grin drives me batty. Cho looks usable again. She-Hulk love her new uniform other than the hair.. I'll be getting them all. Story mode like it. not sure about the repeat rewards. I don't understand the unlock stuff though... Shadowlands, i'm not sure wtf is up there. adding 5 floors wasn't what i was hoping for, especially since they upped the first clear rewards. I was on track to get the mega t2 in the next few weeks i hoped and in a month or three on the ctp selector.. now doesn't look that way.... once i get more gold to upgrade some other characters. I assume the difficulty goes up on levels after 35 as normal. with the new characters though.. helps some. The first clear rewards for the new 5 lvls are pretty great. the type enhance ment ticket will get my ftp a rage... once i get thanos up anyway. so like 7k crystals to (with a refund of some from DR) to get the unis and characters.. which seem to be worth it. I think i hit everything.
Gov. shouldn't mandate masks/coverings, but people should wear them. If for no other reason to reassure others around. But mandating on gov. property they could be allowed too, liberty until it effects others. on private property the derision should be up to the owner. Sitting/driving in your car going down the road.. no mask no gov. problem. Going in to court or welfare office, gov can say mask as long as they provide another option like tele, and many places have been.
2060S, now that more apps are coming out with rtx (like RTX voice which is amazing) it is worth it. If you are going above 1080 maybe take a deeper look and/or increase your budget.
1. i don't think there would be a libertarian uprising if there was, it should still be the American flag. 2. don't know much bout her really. 3. I find it likely a third party will probably get even stronger this year. many in the middle are fed up. I would think Libertarian party would be that party. but win? i doubt.. but weird things are happening. 4. Liberty and freedom 5. self explanatory. We don't have enough now, and we want it. 6. this is simple. I don't agree with it, but don't think i have the right to tell someone what they're allowed to do and along those lines government shouldn't make laws against it. 7. reason.com is the only pub that seems to be more libertarian than not... like to see others answers on this.
keep trying to use it.. but man... can never can get it to load lol. someone forgot to tell the web guys
I love this sub cause often it is a source of real discussion but reddit.. man... the crappy part is the real alternatives can't handle the new load they gotten. Parler though is a semi-decent twitter clone. been trying to use it more.
Congrats!
thats pretty cool. When i hit that power ball i was going to do the same only with defiant and or DS9 If it wasn't for China, i'd move to china and get an office there.
got other t3 priorities but hes on my list cause, its hulk. Even though he is much weaker than he should be.
oh yeah its huge. can't wait for the video ai to come out so i can ditch the green screen :-)
I have a difcuy one that is pretty similar. I had the issues with two of the memory slots just not working. I moved my ram to the other two slots and works fine. I'm not sure if there is a fix or not.
what about just one stick in each? other things you probably already done but... reseat the GPU? check for bent pins? reseat the video?
try the other stick of ram by itself. "should" tell you if its the ram or the board.
awesome!
sunva... now i know what vipon is... my wife is going to hate you for spending money now :-p Just got a mic boom for 9$
