&gt; home and asset ownership is also insanely low It is 64.8% (2018)...
What is included in that ‘everything’? Maintenance, property tax, utilities that would otherwise be included in rent? I’ve looked at a lot of properties in Ottawa trying to decide between rent or buy, and for comparable places, renting always seemed to be the cheaper option (Not necessarily the better option given the leverage of a house vs the stock market, but the cheaper option that leaves more monthly net cash), usually by several hundred dollars a month.
Wearing the same shorts before and after really puts it into perspective. Congratulations on your success!
Nice progress in just 6 months!
They didn't say anything about the 5 eyes (other than the US, which they acknowledged...). I'm curious though, what are some examples of the RCMP unlawfully spying on Canadians?
It can never be a truly private company when it can be forced to comply with intelligence services.
Any other times?
If you know of bribes taken, the RCMP and Ethics Commissioner would surely love to know. Drop them a message instead of spewing bullshit online.
The economy is growing well both because the world economy is growing well, and immigration is driving our population growth, which is fueling GDP growth in turn. That metric doesn’t mean shit for the everyday Canadian.
They're making baseless claims.
If they are not baseless, what are they basing the claim on? Some specifics must be involved, or it is a baseless claim.
That's a list of all "scandals" in Canadian history (151 years). Most of those are not even bribes. Bribery happens to some degree in all governments, but if it were *a tenth* as widespread as **"all conservatives and most liberals"** as they claim, there would be some evidence of that. That would be an overwhelming majority of MPs at any given point in our history taking bribes.
Over time eliminate fed gov jobs in those cities that don’t absolutely need to be there. Move those jobs to low CoL cities.
&gt; that don’t absolutely need to be there
Yeah, we should all pile into Toronto/Vancouver or else we’ll fail on climate change. Living literally anywhere else in the country will somehow spike our emissions. /s
People acting like the infrastructure, supplies, and formal army are what will make a war last years... except the US military is magnitudes more powerful and the invasion and classic war (where both sides have tanks, jets, etc.) is the easy part. Iran’s ability to wage *non-guerrilla* war would be gone entirely in a few months, if not weeks.
Source?
I’m saying move the jobs that don’t need to be in those cities (office workers). Not border security and airport staff... learn to read.
Decisions on foreign investments in local real estate? Cooperation with CBSA regarding foreigners needing removal from the country? Non-citizens have no place voting for the people who make these decisions.
Literally no place other than Toronto or Vancouver has public transit? There are wonderful *cities* with apartment buildings and public transit outside of these two small parts of the country.
And at the federal level we have a Liberal government. They don't give a fuck either. No electable politician will touch this issue in any meaningful way because any solution would affect home prices. The majority of eligible voters own their home, and that group votes at high rates.
The guy who openly opposes pretty much all western foreign policy. I wonder why he lost so badly... /s
Jeremy Corbyn does not represent the UK. They just had an election that saw him brutally defeated.
About as relevant as it was two years ago... not relevant. This is all click bait scaremongering. Same as always. Meanwhile global relative peace endures.
Clickbait scaremongering journalism trends as media rejoice at opportunity to rile up fear of WWIII for clicks and profits.
Exactly. He’d fit right in in the government’s of Russia, China, or Iran... not the UK.
The real issue is that homeowners (non-landlords, just people that own their own home) is a bigger voting group than renters and landlords alike.
There are only so many homes in the city. Supply has to meet demand, or prices will go up. The federal Liberals are aiming for high numbers of refugees and immigrants (the bulk of which eventually settle in Toronto and Vancouver). That spikes demand for housing in those cities. The past Liberal provincial government enacted rent control, which kills incentive to build more housing and therefore artificially lowers supply. This has made for a perfect storm for Toronto. There is simply no scenario where you can have that kind of growth and little incentive to build and have people living in the city at reasonable cost.
Try to breathe for a second. Immigration and hose who control it is partly to blame, not the immigrants themselves. Maybe think about the actual problem instead of attacking those having a civil discussion about it.
I guess you have a reading comprehension problem or didn’t read what I wrote. Large homes are part of the problem, for sure. That said, it is not the whole problem. I don’t know why you are so insistent on ignoring supply and demand and the factors that affect them (one of which is is immigration, especially in Toronto where the majority of recent immigrants go). There is a reason Toronto and Vancouver are more expensive than Ottawa (or any other city in the country), and it certainly isn’t housing density.
Toronto proper is in the the top 10 most densely populated CMAs in the country (the rest are all in greater Vancouver, Victoria, or Montreal). All of those are still some of the most expensive... because they all see large population growth, due to immigrants.
I assume you're talking about their shared equity program, where the government owns a portion of your house for first-time buyers. That's only going to further inflate the market.
&gt; all I see are ads for condos units going up and units for sale. Where are the new rental units now that they have been liberated from the yoke of rent control? Exactly, new units are being built. Who do you think are buying those units? Either people, live in them (and no longer rent, thus deflating the rent market demand and lowering prices), or landlords to rent them out (inflating rental market supply). It won't be a dramatic, overnight shift, but it is the best long-term policy. That's economic consensus.
You fundamentally don’t seem to understand economic forces. I suggest you google what economists say about rent control and try to understand.
Leadership is looting the company before the gravy train ends.
Backup more enthusiastic and fearless than any human cop would ever be.
&gt; At this point with all my heart and honesty i want U.S to gtfo everywhere it has been other than homeland and fuck themselves rather than messing with other countries. I'm sure the Russias / Chinas / Irans of the world would love that. They could bully other nations to their hearts' content. It's popular to dump on US foreign policy, highlighting the worst parts of it, and ignore the good parts, but that doesn't mean the world would be a better place if the US withdrew (never mind that they would be criticized for withdrawing anyways... damned if you do, damned if you don't). Think about the alternatives to US dominance around the world: Would you rather have been a Korean living in the US-supported south, or China-supported north? Think the Taiwanese people would be in a better place had they not received US protection from China? How did West Germany fare compared to East Germany? The Western World vs former Soviet States? In post-invasion Iraq, the country achieved democracy after a long and brutal dictatorship. US forces were asked to leave and shortly afterwards ISIS rose. The US pulled partially out of Syria and Turkey attacked the Kurds. You don't have to agree with US foreign policy in general to acknowledge that stationing of US troops is usually beneficial to the country they are stationed in. It has a stabilizing effect, and democracy and prosperity can flourish.
I wonder how the law would view it if, in this case, the startle that the trap gave this guy caused him to either have a heart attack or accidentally discharge his gun, and either of those killed him. What if it got on his eyes and caused blindness? It is an indiscriminate trap that could directly or indirectly cause injury, even if that is not the goal.
&gt; You are literally buying everything and hoping for an average return. In a world where an enormous amount of time, money, and effort is spent (by talented and professional individuals and huge corporations) trying to beat an average return... getting an average return by following the market seems like a good, simple plan for an inexperienced individual simply trying to save for retirement.
I don't understand why people are going with that advice when the fees to do so are virtually nothing... instant re-balance for pennies.
&gt; The US has installed and supports 70% of the world's dicatorships Source? &gt; has overthrown more democracies than either the USSR or China I don't suppose you're willing to concede that each would have overthrown many more had the more-powerful US not contained them? That said, what's your source on that anyways? &gt; US forces were defending Afghan warlords with child sex slaves that the Taliban were fighting to free. Source?
What makes you so sure? Do we even know where this took place? Can you point me to the relevant law(s) at play?
Is this copypasta?
It was the British empire that burned it... the most powerful nation in the world at the time. This is a bit different.
An occupying US army was what kept ISIS-like groups at bay... the invasion of Iraq was illegal, but after the fact they were better off with US troops stationed there.
What a disingenuous comparison. Taiwan is currently democratic and China is a human rights nightmare. Iraq was a human rights nightmare before invasion. Now they have a democracy.
They passed laws telling the US to leave and then it did. Sure sounds like they were the ones in charge.
You should tone down the hyperbole. It’s hard to take anything you say seriously.
Only if you see the world from a far-left point of view...
What specifically? How?
Specifically. How? People constantly say this, but they can never elaborate when pressed for details of their allegations. Doesn’t seem to be true.
🙄
So... stabilizing the country and providing secure international trade is how “US companies have extracted most of what is valuable in the country”?
The comparison is tired and ridiculous. Americans are holding people (albeit sometimes in poor conditions) that illegally crossed into their country, until they can be processed through the courts. China has kidnapped and detained over a million of its own citizens in camps where they are tortured, raped, killed, and “re-educated” to try and wipe out their religion.
His job was literally coordinating terror proxy groups.
As fun as it is to blame all the world’s problems on America, it is not to blame for drug cartels running rampant in these countries.
The leader of your country should be handed to an enemy state because they didn’t get a majority of available votes?
Iran is constantly trying to commit terror attacks against US personnel. This guy was their #1 in charge of that. *They* don’t have much of a right to be upset... Iraq on the other hand is justifiably outraged. That attack was on their soil without their consent.
That’s what I don’t understand. People are arguably right to be upset over allies/congress not contacted, Iraq is **definitely** right to be upset over this attack on their soil, but Iran? They don’t have a leg to stand on here. They are not a benevolent government, no matter Trump’s actions.
Very important distinction.
He’s unhinged, and the strike was illegal, but that doesn’t mean you should hand him over to an enemy state. More to the point, the claim that every single person in the US eligible to vote, but who didn’t vote for Trump would approve of handing over the POTUS to Iran is ludicrous. Also the hyperbole is getting old. There will not be WW3. I doubt there will even be a war at all.
Fair enough. I am not talking about people not condemning Iran. I am talking about the few who are actively whitewashing their past actions and downplaying their own guilt.
Just because they were wronged, that doesn’t justify their use of terrorist attacks, especially against civilians. Even if America wronged them in the past, they shouldn’t be surprised when their terror commander is killed for the safety of Americans. Also, I’m not sure who you’re referring to when you say “you guys”. Not everyone on reddit is American, and of those that are, I bet very, very, very few of them were even alive (let alone of voting age) when US first wronged Iran.
How did they create them? How did they fund them? I wouldn’t be surprised if America was the largest importer of drugs in the world... it’s collective citizenry is by far the richest of any country on Earth, and it isn’t terribly easy to create the drugs in the country.
Seems like they're making shit up.
I don't see any mention of cartels on that page. I searched for "cartel", "drug", "cocaine", "narcotic". Nothing. Care to elaborate on how the two are tied? Specifics, please.
Maybe in the same way that Bin Laden was a general.
It *does* make peace for the most part. There is plenty of blood on its hands, but the bad parts all make the news. The good is mostly ignored: huge international aid, safeguarding virtually the entirety of ocean shipping routes around the world, making democracies out of enemies (through military means, or sanctions). For better *and* worse, it really does police the world. I'd rather that than countries like China, Russia, Iran, Saudis, etc. dominating their respective regions.
Many, many buildings have consistent bed bug issues.
Also Brison left... because he was hired by BMO, whose vice-chairman is also the chairman at SNC-Lavalin: &gt; [Then, only days after Brison left office, it was announced he had taken a full-time position in Toronto in the executive suite of the Bank of Montreal, the same institution where Kevin Lynch, board chairman of SNC-Lavalin, is vice-chairman of BMO Financial.](https://www.macleans.ca/politics/scott-brison-has-retired-from-politics-but-politics-havent-retired-from-him/) Also, the chairman at BMO is the chairman for the law firm representing SNC-Lavalin: &gt; [Mr. Dion’s report details the role that Bank of Montreal board chairman Robert Prichard and BMO vice-chair Kevin Lynch played in lobbying the Trudeau Liberals on behalf of SNC-Lavalin, including multiple pitches the pair made to former President of the Treasury Board Scott Brison last October and November.](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/business/article-caught-up-in-the-snc-lavalin-affair-the-bank-of-montreals-reputation/) &gt; &gt; Here’s where things get far too cute: Mr. Brison stepped down as a cabinet minister early this year to become vice-chair of the investment banking arm of, you guessed it, Bank of Montreal. &gt; &gt; Circles are small in Canadian business, and Mr. Prichard and Mr. Lynch had every reason to be twisting arms on behalf of SNC-Lavalin, though the pair were in the Prime Minister’s office so often last fall they should have been allowed to choose the furniture. **Mr. Prichard is also chair of law firm Torys, which is representing the Montreal-based engineering company**. And along with his day job at BMO, **Mr. Lynch is chair of the board of SNC-Lavalin**. He’s also the former Clerk of the Privy Council, the country’s top civil servant. Before hiring him out from cabinet, the two had a little campaign of trying to persuade him to get SNC-Lavalin their deal: &gt; According to Mr. Dion, Mr. Prichard and Mr. Lynch first reached out to Mr. Brison on mid-October “on an unrelated matter,” then used the conversation to persuade the politician to give SNC-Lavalin a “remediation agreement.” Mr. Brison later told the Ethics Commissioner that “the company’s concerns appeared sensible,” and he contacted Ms. Wilson-Raybould the same day “to bring the company’s concerns to her attention.” And Ms. Wilson-Raybould said something to the effect of the lady’s not for turning, explaining she could not interfere in the prosecution of SNC-Lavalin. &gt; &gt; The pitches kept coming. In early November, Mr. Prichard sent Mr. Brison an e-mail containing a legal opinion from fellow Torys lawyer Frank Iacobucci, a former Supreme Court Justice, that stated Ms. Wilson-Raybould would be justified in overturning the decision to criminally charge SNC-Lavalin. Mr. Prichard told Mr. Brison: “We are also considering other ways to make it easier for the Minister to engage and reverse the [Director of Public Prosecutions] decision. In the end, however, it will take a deliberate decision from the center.” No smoking gun, but the whole thing stinks. Banks and other corporate giants have far too much access to the PMO, and far too many former senior government officials have board seats in these companies. FWIW, I don't think this is a partisan issue exclusive to the Liberals.
Awful. I don't think truly cares for anything except partisanship and re-election.
If that is part of your (very lucrative) job... there's not much to complain about.
It could very well be that those claims are made up nonsense. People sometimes lie on the internet.
Not so much a 'stampede' as a slow, unstoppable trample. It's shockingly common during the Hajj for example, when many people are in a clustered tightly and walking. Have you ever felt slowly pushed when in a tight crowd walking together? Maybe at the end of a sports game or something. If something stops people at the front of such a crowd (a barrier, or someone trips or something), it can cause others to fall, but those at the back of the crowd don't know that there's anything wrong, so they continue along. People pile up and people die from being crushed underneath other people who have also fallen after being forced by the crowd behind. In a large incident of this in 2015, [**2000+ people died**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Mina_stampede). [Here's the in-depth comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3pcvfb/saudi_arabia_hajj_disaster_death_toll_at_least/cw5vxtm/) that I got my info from long ago.
Wow, Muslim girls feel disadvantaged compared to their male peers? Must just be a misunderstanding. /s
Talk to me when there is war (there won't be).
Do you remember when the US and Syria were at war for the US bombing of a Syrian air base? Neither do I. Neither side wants a war, but domestically they both need to do a little posturing.
That's the 2nd time you've said that you're "seeing reports". Link if true.
I'm not familiar with JewishPress, but the site doesn't seem very credible to me. You would think reputable sources would be reporting if true.
So wait, you believe the US military to be a terrorist organization... but you enlisted?
A declaration or boots on the ground would be a clear indication. Certainly not a deathless attack on an airbase in Iraq. Did the US and Syria go to war over the US bombing of that Syrian airbase awhile back? No, not even close.
Sounds legit.
There won’t be war.
Things will de-escalate and markets will be up (from open today) by end of week.
Is there war? No. Just deathless posturing to rile up eager, gullible, idiots like you.
There won’t be a war... as much as redditors are apparently eager for one.
That really is at odds with this narrative. Could be that some semi-rogue terrorist militia of Iran’s got spooked and mistook the plane for a bomber and took it out.
They want to scream about what a warmonger he is. They’re left blue-balled today. Yesterday I said there wouldn’t be war and was swarmed with smug responses essentially telling me that it had already started.
Seems more believable that they were intentionally aiming for no casualties. They know a war would’ve been suicide.
This will sound morbid, but hear me out: if *entire* families died, that’s better than spread among several families. Less grieving relatives hurting.
Retirement comes when things get busy enough that he’s forgotten altogether.
There are already regulations on them... a lot of regulations. That said, I’m not upset so much about additional regulations (as unfair as they are to gun owners) so much as I am about the fact that they will not solve the problem. The government is ignoring the real problem and acting like their damn gun ban is going to fix things. How many more will die from smuggled guns before the government admits that that’s the problem? How many more will die before they actually commit resources and effort to dealing with it? They’ve apparently got money for a gun ban. They’ve apparently got **half a billion** for damned camping programs. Surely they can find the money and willpower to actually enforce our border and/or commit to gang issues.
I don’t take him at his word. I’m just aware of what sabre-rattling looks like.
Oh wow, the US didn’t respond, and there is no war. Turns out it was all a bunch of posturing. Who could’ve known?
Care to chime in with some follow-up on this “war”, or does the embarrassment hurt too much?
I guess so.
&gt; Party leaders aren't authoritarians It seems like *at least* some are. We got many peeks inside the majority Liberal government during the SNC-Lavalin scandal, and they all painted a picture of a powerless, whipped Liberal caucus ceding their power to an authoritarian PMO. I doubt this is exclusive to that government or that party either. I dislike my MP (Anita Vandenbeld — Liberal) for several reasons, but I really appreciate that she co-founded and chairs an all-party democracy caucus with the goal of more power for MPs and less for leaders.
People with single gun crimes need to be punished more severely. Not necessarily all gun crimes, but anything involving threatening or firing at people, or simple possession of an unlawful firearm should see prison, no matter the circumstances.
You’re right, the PMO is a group... but only one person in that group is elected. The other 337 elected officials are not part of that group.
Don’t forget the torture and genocide! Iraq may be in a worse place infrastructure-wise now, but they have democracy and they’re on a better path forward than under Saddam.
&gt; They should never be allowed to forget what they’ve caused. Agreed. The Iranian military personnel who did this will have to live with this for the rest of their lives.
It would’ve been pretty reasonable to expect that very few American civilians were in danger, and so as long as they kept their own strikes careful, very few of any civilians would die. Who could’ve predicted Iran killing its own...
Yeah, that seems like way too much to allow just anyone to run. They can fund-raise, so it doesn't need to be entirely their own money, but still. No wonder people hesitate to run. After looking it up, it looks like the [LPC](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/five-things-you-need-to-know-about-the-federal-liberal-leadership-race/article5318278/) entry fee is $75k, and [NDP](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/ndp-leadership-convention-date-1.3583438) entry fee is $30k. This is definitely something the CPC could improve on.
And maybe the general wouldn’t have been plotting terror attacks that got him killed had the US under Obama not been drone-happy in the Middle East... That said, I would say Obama is about as culpable as Trump here: not at all.
&gt; in an unprovoked manner. Except it wasn’t unprovoked...
&gt; If you rob a bank with a group, and one of the others in the group shoots someone, you can be held criminally responsible because you were there to commit a crime too. Except the US and Iran were not at all in cahoots here. Quite the opposite. This was like a feud between two people. One took a controlled, precise shot at the other, with minimal damage. The other had to save face so they struck back at the (unimaginably larger) other guy. Then he got really trigger happy and wildly shot and took out his own friend by accident. That’s not the first guy’s fault. He didn’t even retaliate the latest violence from the little guy who went on to kill his own friend.
&gt; A restrained and calculated response. Except for the part where they killed ~180 civilians... that part was not the least bit restrained. If you want to see restraint, look to the US not retaliating for its base being hit. Iran was trigger-happy and nervous because it just attacked a much more powerful foe... not in response to an imminent threat, but as a matter of needless escalation.
A disgusting amount of people. And then others who will hand-wave blame away from Iran because it was an "accident", yet they turn around and say that blood is on the US' hands... they didn't kill a single civilian here.
Yes, hundreds... how are you denying the basic facts of this? You're shameful. I hope you aren't actually Canadian, because this attitude is pathetic.
Yes... the death count is in the hundred**s** the moment it hits 100. Hundreds of civilians died here. All because Iran cares so little for human life that they couldn't or wouldn't even check if the plane was civilian, or ground air traffic altogether.
They said it was an "engine malfunction" that brought the plane down. They said it was "scientifically impossible" for it to have been hit by a missile. They called that allegation a "big lie". They tried to clean the site of evidence before allowing international investigators in. They refused to hand over the black box. They essentially tried everything until it was completely undeniable before they fessed up.
That's even worse. The plane was basically all Canadians and Iranians, and still you still act as a disgusting apologist for the Iranian regime.
*Whatabout whatabout whatabout*. That was 31 years ago, but I guess since this kind of thing has happened before, we should let Iran off the hook?
They even spent some money on gold for the parent comment.
What does that matter? He killed a handful of terrorists, not a single civilian. Iran, meanwhile, killed *hundreds* of civilians and you're downplaying its role.
So then what was their point exactly?
Also a smaller population than California.
Except that analogy is totally inconsistent with what happened. There’s no comparable scenario between two people. This was two nations. One killed the other’s commander for plotting against it. The other (much weaker) responded by attacking the much stronger foe (not because of an imminent threat, but purely as escalating retaliation). Then it was jumpy because it just picked a losing fight like an idiot, and it kills its own (and others) through carelessness. Meanwhile the stronger nation didn’t even retaliate despite rhetoric from the smaller one of imminent continued attacks. The US has clean hands on this particular one.
Will probably be a vague promise with no specifics to hold Iran to the flames for this.
Except for the part where the message refers to a 10km radius and they sent it to the whole province...
What do you mean by “the iodine area”?
If there was danger of that, they would send a message speaking to everyone...
It’s not like the government *would* cover that up. We aren’t living in the USSR...
Not to mention that when everybody loses a bit of sleep (like in the daylight savings switch), heart attacks and traffic accidents spike. Sleep is important.
OP... why?
Where? Link
&gt; Plus I love how those on twitter are calling this an Amber Alert. That just drives the point home of how poorly they do amber alerts... that people who don’t know what an amber alert is literally can’t tell them apart from nuclear ‘incidents’.
&gt; A positive to come from this may be more of us turning off our phones at night. Why is that a positive?
That’s not clickbait then. Rockets hit an Iraqi base hosting US troops...
If someone, for whatever reason, can’t or won’t inform themselves in the 11 days leading up to the election, they were never going to...
They also had the only fully-costed platform. No other party did. Probably because they were the only party not afraid of the costings of their own proposals.
&gt; So that leaves us 45% of membership that is...unsure? I know it isn't front and centre for a lot of Canadians, but we're a few years into having same sex marriage at this point. I am surprised that only 36% are okay with... what we have. It is 81 that are okay with what we have... not 36%. Also this isn’t a poll of the membership.
&gt; or at least killing one another honestly. The idea of an honest vs dishonest kill against enemy combatants is odd. Not hurting civilians or defenceless POWs makes sense. So does not impersonating third parties (esp Red Cross, Doctors Wothot Borders, etc)... but I just don’t see how it’s an issue to impersonate an enemy soldier to help kill enemy soldiers.
If you go by the flawed logic of everyone in this thread (that he shares in the blame for the downing of the plane), then yeah, he ought to be credited with the regime change. That’s bogus though. Iranian government shot down the plane. Iranian people want change. Trump killed a terrorist. Would you blame the art school that rejected Hitler for the Holocaust, if otherwise accepting him would’ve meant he wouldn’t have entered politics? Butterfly effects are a constant in the universe, but that doesn’t make people along the way towards something like this culpable.
Of course you can. The leader’s beliefs are not party policy.
It’s a simple matter of numbers. It’s a settled matter. It’ll never be an issue, so I’ll be focusing on aspects of leaders that could actually change the party stance.
So are you going to credit him with the liberalizing of Iran if the people overthrow their regressive dictatorship?
So are you going to credit him with the liberalizing of Iran if the people overthrow their regressive dictatorship?
0% chance. Unless the party membership swings hard towards social conservatism and the general electorate then swings hard towards the new socially conservative version of the party... which is about a 0% chance. There’s no dice-rolling here.
The protests were put down in November, then we heard nothing. Now they are re-energized by the downing of this plane.
If I thought any of those things had a snowball’s chance in hell of becoming a reality, no. As it is, they are settled issues, so I won’t concern myself with them. That said, all of this is looking at it in isolation... chances are the kind of person who wants any of this is not someone I want as leader regardless.
Whatever you say.
The taxpayers would be paying for security, but I’m not sure what economic value they would see from the couple. Service businesses catering to the super-rich sure would, but not the taxpayer.
What numbers are you basing this off of? I could see that being the case, but I could also see it not being enough to offset the costs. [This article](https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/9b8va5/canada-has-spent-more-than-17-million-to-protect-justin-trudeau-vgtrn) suggests it costed us about $25M to protect the PM in 2016. Now I assume royal protection would be similar to PM protection (but halved because it is part-time... call in $12M/year). I question whether "royal exposure" would generate $12M/year in tax when they're here part-time.
We need $12M in tax meaning we need far more than that much economic activity.
Whenever an anti-US state fails, it is always somehow the US’ fault. /s
If you think guido is a coup, no one can take you seriously. Again, when did the us steal their resources?
While we’re here, do you want to define what an “immense” correction would be?
&gt; 30%. Apple and Tesla will hit 200$/share and 150$/share respectively. If you actually believe that, you can make an insane amount of money on options. Go all-in.
This all feels a bit like saying the UK is partly responsible for WWII deaths after they escalated following the Nazi invasions of other European countries. Sometimes you have to confront evil regimes. Doing so will always lead to some death, but sometimes the alternative is worse. Calling trump a hero is ridiculous (especially since he was just looking out for his own skin), but the world is a better place after that killing. Iranian regime is on the back foot against its own people again. Hopefully they can get some reform.
&gt; The Nazi's attempted to invade and attack Britain and it's allies. Britain was fighting for it's sovereignty. The Nazis made no moves to attack the UK before the UK declared war. Yes, it’s allies were attacked... just like the US and their allies (by Iranian proxies). The very act of coordinating (past and future) attacks on US allies is reason enough to kill the man. The only issue with that strike was that it was on non-consenting third-party soil. Iraq has every right to be angry. Iran can shove it.
Yet they have the audacity to claim they implement “evidence-based policy”...
And he’s rented the house out to a tenant. It is their home. There are laws surrounding this. He can’t just force his way in. He shouldn’t have been shoved down the stairs, but that doesn’t make his actions right.
It’s his house... but he’s chosen to rent it out, and that changes things. Tenants right are a thing. You should look it up. He shouldn’t have been shoved down the stairs, but he certainly isn’t in the right here either.
The existence of dumb old laws that wouldn’t hold up in court today doesn’t mean that you can break laws as you like because you think they’re dumb (and these laws aren’t anyways). “Not technically legal” means illegal. This man was invading this person’s home, trying to force his way in.
It would be a joke of a legal system if landlords could force their way into people’s homes and kick them out on the street before the courts get involved. The court would side with a landlord not getting paid what they’re owed, but hey need to go through the proper process. He clearly thinks this law is a joke because he’s blatantly breaking it.
&gt; Why would that be a joke? I went to a bank, got a loan, bought a house, make mortgage payments, let two kids live in my own under a signed agreement that they pay rent. If you can't pay rent, you don't get to live in my house for free, I'm not your father. You have a week to leave after that I'm entering my house. Because police officers aren’t judge, jury, and executioner. They won’t be armed with the facts and the expertise to deal with such a dispute. In the meantime, under the cloud of conflicting stories, the reasonable thing to do is to not make people homeless. If they actually haven’t been paying rent, the landlord will have no issues in court. &gt; Have those kids been in that dude's house for 6 weeks without paying already? Maybe How many times has he tried to evict them already? Who knows. Exactly... we know know squat here... except that the landlord doesn’t have any court-ordered officers with him to carry out a legal eviction. &gt; these two kids are dumb shits and deserve all the life lessons they about to get in the pen Shows how emotional you are about this whole thing. You’re not coming at this from a place of reason. We don’t know shit except for a reddit title that could be a lie, and the fact that **one and only one** of these “dumb shits” pushed the man. The other guy might get evicted if he really was delinquent on the rent, but he’s certainly not going to “life lessons” in “the pen”.
Source?
Source?
Why the second guy?
Source?
And it cost him his life.
Why is everyone lumping the two together? Only one of them is seen so much as touching the landlord.
Source?
There’s zero chance the 2nd dude is going to jail.
Reddit is an American site with a [primarily-American community](https://www.statista.com/statistics/325144/reddit-global-active-user-distribution/) posting content from the world around them (primarily in America).
And wore an afro and sang [Day-O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMigXnXMhQ4) (in a high school play).
It's where the bears go after a long day of stonks going up.
You’ve been watching Silicon Valley?
Yet nothing they said here was wrong, so you attack them instead.
She’s also been involved in an elite think tank in DC.
No, it implies that Communism was the threat... and that this is the biggest threat since Communism fell.
Communism was a threat to human rights and democracy. Good riddance.
I know whenever a group calling themselves communists takes over, it’s a human rights disaster. They also almost always ban other parties, and therefore democracy. What do you think you know about communism?
You could argue that theoretically it is compatible with human rights (though it never seems to work out that way, does it?), but even theoretically it is incompatible with democracy.
You’re making such great arguments to support your point here. You’ve convinced me.
It is to be a one-party state during a transition to a stateless society... of course in reality that utopia never comes about, and it is just continued election-less, one-party rule until it collapses on itself or the people revolt.
It is not solely economic. The fact that you think it is shows you don’t really understand even the basics of it.
He’s just like us!
They wasted taxpayer money so they could say they “did studies and shit” before dropping their explicit, unconditional promise. Their promise was clear: 2015 will be the last election under the FPTP. Not “we will explore our options”. What’s more, the committee they created to explore this found that most Canadians and most experts preferred reform... specifically proportional reform... which is what their own committee ultimately recommended. After that recommendation, they put out a bogus online poll heavily biased towards the status quo (which you didn’t even need to prove you lived in Canada to answer) and used that as a flimsy justification for going back on their unconditional promise.
They wasted taxpayer money so they could say they “did some exploration” before dropping their explicit, unconditional promise. Their promise was clear: 2015 will be the last election under the FPTP. Not “we will explore our options”. What’s more, the committee they created to explore this found that most Canadians and most experts preferred reform... specifically proportional reform... which is what their own committee ultimately recommended. After that recommendation, they put out a bogus online poll heavily biased towards the status quo (which you didn’t even need to prove you lived in Canada to answer) and used that as a flimsy justification for going back on their unconditional promise. If you actually believe that they ever had any intention of fulfilling their promise, I don’t know what to tell you.
I’ve heard that the trial will sit Mon-Sat. Only Sundays off. That said, the idea that this is to benefit Biden is hilarious.
Everything that happens in the Middle East or South/Central America is the US’ fault... unless it is a good thing. /s
That’s pretty ridiculous. You would think of a position is English essential, candidates would have to interview in English (same with French essential), both languages if position is bilingual, or either one if the position is either one.
“*And you’re ugly anyways*”
He’s messaging a total stranger by the sounds of it. Doesn’t know anything about her, except what he sees in her pictures. He’s not looking for a friend here, and she’s almost certainly not interested in random men messaging her on FB.
There is no chance this is real.
That’s a nice anecdote, but it doesn’t have anything to do with a broken promise.
There shouldn’t be an opt-out option at all.
From the couple products I’ve seen it’s 10mg per pack (5 portions of 2mg).
It’s a safety thing. They’ve chosen that over catering to those with heavy tolerances. You could always try making your own with the wildly-potent oils available.
Oh I agree. Im not upset about this like some people. 2mg is pretty weak for a regular user, but for others it is a decent dose.
The median Ontario teacher salary is higher than the median Ontario **household** income. They’re not hurting one bit. They’re overpaid considering how many qualified people are waiting to become teachers.
It is still developing. It would be impressive if it is still posting these numbers when its typical citizen is as wealthy as a westerner.
Whatever wage will get rid of the glut of qualified, unemployed teachers. Supply and demand... as compensation gets less lucrative, there will be fewer interested in it, and the taxpayer (everybody else) will benefit. It’s impossible to justify their current wage given the supply of teachers and the fact that the employed ones are making more as an individual than most Ontario households.
If they dropped their wage demands and I’d believe you. As it is they’re overpaid and any wage increase would worsen the situation. Also you’re the spouse of a teacher... of course you wouldn’t admit wages are a large factor at play here. Instead you suggest that anyone who doesn’t want to pay for a raise for your already-overpaid spouse is somehow of lower intelligence. Give me a break.
The numbers differ a bit based on the source, but it is always [closer to **$90,000**](https://factcheck.afp.com/average-teacher-salary-ontario-misrepresented-during-union-talks), not $61,230 (though I’d love to see your source for that).
That wouldn’t do much good. Rent control is only one factor. Better to find cities that switched from or to rent control.
Lmao.
Like I said, it would be one of the three options above. Maybe if you could read properly I wouldn’t need to repeat. Not necessarily lowering taxes. All are better than overpaying teachers. Well you assume a lot. I’m doing fine, but that doesn’t mean I’m cool with paying teachers lavish salaries when the market doesn’t warrant that.
Alrighty then. Try convincing people with good arguments in the future, instead of name-calling. You’ll have better results.
They’re paid with tax dollars. Their pay is directly tied to others’ taxes and services received. If they were privately paid, by all means, pay them whatever (though they would never be paid this highly if it were private, because of market forces... they’re simply not worth this rate of pay when you consider how many excess qualified teachers there are).
Why are you comparing *minimum* wage to *average* apartments? And no, just because a bus will sometimes make you late does not mean a car is essential. You can always leave earlier if it’s an issue.
String grip + technique. On holds like these that you can’t easily grip, you want to minimize the grip strength needed by positioning so your center of mass pulls your fingers or thumb towards the rock you’re holding. Notice how her arms are almost always straight or nearly straight when gripping. Only bending briefly when reaching for the next hold. Same concept at the beginning when she hooks both feet on the same hold. She is pulling them in towards the rock to take some weight off her fingers. Same concept when she presses a leg out onto the wall where there is no hold. It’s all grip strength and controlling your center of mass.
Skinny and long limbs. You can get pretty strong without putting on a ton of muscle that would weigh you down.
This was an exception storm. Normally the worst storm of the winter might be 1ft or less in a 24hr period. You brush off your car, then shovel or snowblow your driveway, and the city plows the roads (usually ongoing during and after storms). They’ll prioritize the main streets and get to residential streets when they can. 90% of the time someone gets stuck in the snow, they’re between their driveway and a main road before the residentially get plowed. When that happens, usually 1 or more adults pushing the car as the driver slowly drives is enough to dislodge them.
Even if your returns only ever match inflation, that's $1.1M in today's dollars at 65. Are you high?
If you legitimately know of some kid in the US that is near starving to death, call CPS. Children don’t die of starvation in America because the system fails them. Only when a caregiver fails them.
Better burn them then.
Trump isn’t to thank and neither is Obama. It’s simply the world economy. Look at the unemployment rate in literally any developed, western country on the plant over the last 5-10 years. All at or near heir lowest right now.
This is not going to be welcome here lmao. Anything remotely center of right is not welcome here.
We’ve only had 3 non-Liberal PMs in the last 50 years: Joe Clark: just a single budget, and he lowered the large deficit Trudeau Sr handed him Mulroney: better part of a decade in office, and he lowered the huge deficit Trudeau Sr handed him. Harper: better part of a decade in office, and he ended with an essentially balanced budget after inheriting a surplus and weathering the Great Recession. That’s better than the modern Liberal track record (disastrous under Trudeau Sr, major spending offloaded to now-struggling provinces under Chrétien and Martin, deficit spending during an economic boom under Trudeau).
Chrétien and Martin do on paper... until you realize how much they ‘cut’ spending by simply making it a provincial responsibility.
Casualties refers to anyone taken out of commission. That would include the 11 injured and sent to Kuwait/Germany.
At least from a military perspective, it means anyone made unable to fight (dead or injured).
In [real terms](https://www.cbc.ca/news/multimedia/canada-s-deficits-and-surpluses-1963-to-2015-1.3042571). Nominal terms are useless. Most of the nominal debt comes from Mulroney because he was in office during a high-inflation period immediately after Trudeau, who gave us an enormous deficit (in fact some of his deficits were higher than Trump’s trillion dollar deficit, as a % of GDP). Mulroney reduced the deficit he inherited, in real terms.
Epstein wasn’t killed for the rape of children. He was killed because of what he knew about others and the rape of children.
The rate is similar to the rest of Canada and higher than the US...
Everything that happened before you were born is irrelevant?
Like the Conservative-introduced public transit tax credit used primarily by the poor? The one that the Liberals ‘nerfed’ shortly after their 2015 win (presumably to help pay for their upper-middle class tax cuts).
The same concentration of wealth that happened (or is still happening) under Trudeau? Martin? Chrétien, senior Trudeau? Obama, Clinton? It’s been happening since the industrial revolution... no matter who is in power. Even in so-called communist regimes there are haves and have-nots, while the general population is looted.
You’re kidding yourself if you think people who won’t even vote are going to do anything as meaningful as strike.
These are game developers... no chance of them being overtaxed.
I’d love your source for that.
This is the future. They can have an awesome global video teleconference where they all chill in lavish offices while they have their feel-good, solely-symbolic discussions about climate change.
I’m not trying to justify it. I’m just dispelling the ridiculous notion that conservatism is to blame.
Relative to what? What would be a non-conservative government in your eyes?
Is there a concrete example of this kind of government? What is a fair way to distribute wealth? Is it sustainable?
Bernier was even worse than Scheer in the most important issue to the voters: climate action.
Here is him claiming that climate change is not man-made: https://twitter.com/maximebernier/status/1182313390808719360?s=21 Here is him essentially saying that his plan would be inaction (as if the market didn’t already have the ability to somehow innovate and tackle climate change): https://twitter.com/maximebernier/status/796521103497842690?s=21 Both of these are right from the dud’s mouth.
Oh yikes, that’s even worse. I don’t even know what to tell you man, except that climate change is real and it demands action to reduce our emissions. The ‘how’ of that is debatable, but I’m not going to bother if we aren’t living in the same baseline realty.
Like every other ‘communist’ regime. They never seem to reach that utopia state...
Capitalist societies are sometimes corrupt and authoritarian , but they are often flourishing democracies where everyone is cared for. Communist societies are always corrupt and authoritarian nightmares. Communist theory is irrelevant. The authoritarian nature of the system ruins it every time.
Why not? Go try, lmao.
That’s part of it, but I also vote based on someone’s judgement and their likelihood to push back against their own party if it’s doing something questionable. Last time around I passed on my first two preferred parties in favour of another whose MP actually struck me as having integrity and independent thought.
It would fit right in with that collection of r/EnoughXSpam subreddits that unironically spam X.
They didn’t win. Meant to say candidate.
That would look really bad. They would taint their work with the perception of a coup... literally investigating “jurors” for voting wrong is a really bad look. They’d be better off changing the system however they could to prevent such abuse in the future.
Inflation is inflation. The last time it was 2% or above was 2011.
This is something you people don’t seem to understand about billionaires’ wealth: it isn’t cash. If Bezos shed himself of a billion in Amazon stock, the price would plummet. The more he tried to take out, the less valuable it would all become. Other investors would be wondering why he is liquidating and pulling their money too. It is not real, tangible wealth.
Who interprets an argument for discussion based in reality as defence of billionaires? You people are rabid.
What would your ideal end-game be for those investigations? I’m assuming these same people have already been voted out of office at this point, given this hypothetical blue wave that gives Democrats control of everything. Do you want to lock them up? It’s one thing to do that to those proven to have conspired with foreign governments and such. It’s another entirely to do that to a juror (Senator) simply for coming to the ‘wrong’ conclusion in the case, regardless of how they got there or how partisan their reason.
I’d be worried if I was old. Seems like it can kill the elderly, and it is spreading quite fast.
This world is split into Hoves and Hove-nots.
I guess that depends on how much you actually want to engage in the process. I met the candidates for CPC, LPC, NDP, GPC in my riding before voting. I also listened to them (and the other candidates) debates for hours. It didn't take long to get informed on who was just there to be a party stooge and who wasn't.
Political dynasties are pretty gross... but who is the son of? This is the first I've heard of him having a famous parent. Certainly not on the same level as Trudeau.
Please Ambrose, run! No matter what you think of MacKay, healthy competition is good for any race.
To name a few things: Held 8 different cabinet positions under Harper. Authored and pushed a bill to mandate sexual assault case training for all federal judges (passed unanimously in the House, died in the Senate later later). Was appointed to our USMCA (NAFTA 2.0) team, which is seen to have been a big success (that included working closely with Chrystia Freeland). TL;DR She has lots of experience in several policy areas, and works amicably with opposition to get shit done.
Ford is not popular and left-wing voters largely abandoned the NDP quickly (judging by this poll with a leaderless Liberal party leading). They’re never going to push for reform, just like their Conservative opponents, and just like the federal counterparts of each. Im convinced that we’ll only ever see the slimmest chance of reform if a third party takes power.
Day trading is perfectly legal... it just isn’t supposed to be done in a TFSA. The definition for TFSA purposes is intentionally very vague, but they’re generally only concerned with big players doing a lot of trading in TFSAs. You won’t be on their radar.
What’s included in condo fees is often not very clear in the listings on Realtor.ca. In your experience, are any of the following usually included in condo fees: * Water * Heat * Electricity * Property taxes
Thanks!
That’s the international symbol for flexing on the peasants.
Probably getting 90k from CRA (their CS pay is separate from the rest for some reason): https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/corporate/careers-cra/information-moved/pay-rates/computer-systems.html
&gt; If they tories run a watered down liberal, why not just vote liberal? So parties should push to the extremities just for the sake of differentiating themselves? I’d vote for a moderate Conservative way before I’d vote for a Liberal: more sensible fiscal policy, won’t be wasting time and money on ineffective gun bans, etc.
It’s on par with third world countries out here. /s
Could simply be an abundance of caution. The news is also naturally sensationalizing this... this is not a total lockdown. People can leave (they are screened before leaving), but they’ve just closed down outgoing public transit and encouraged people to stay.
The CPC didn’t exist in ‘93. It is not the same party as then.
Breaking the law doesn’t help anyone. Appealing the ruling does. Now this ruling is being enforced *and* this union’s members’ dues are being used to pay the fine.
You’re right, let’s give in to lawlessness. Maybe the employer should just plot through picket lines too. /s
What it means to you to be conservative isn’t what it means to others.
And it is conservative in ideology and governance. Just because MacKay or O’Toole are not to your liking, that doesn’t mean they are not conservatives.
The laws are strict. The enforcement and sentencing aren’t too strict unfortunately.
Re-read. "Prominent" refers to those calling him out... not the guy.
Source on any of that or it’s BS.
If they did 10 min, then that’s 5 mins too many. Double what the courts allowed. ...but that’s not what happened. If you’d even read the article, you’d know they held up two people for **50 mins** (before those two gave up, so who knows how long they would’ve).
&gt; Toronto is THE most multicultural City in the history of human existence. How do you define that? How did you compare it to other cities? &gt; It has also experienced THE most rapid population expansion in the history of human civilization thanks to highly pro-immigrant and pro-refugee policies. Source?
I saw one comment trying to convince people that the gov of China bombed their own hospital in Wuhan to the ground to ‘stop the spread’ lmao.
The person in question came from China days ago. It has been in Canada since then... just that it was only confirmed and announced today.
Like what? Are there some examples?
Oh maybe. It’s hard to read sometimes.
I'm curious what studies they are citing for these claims. The book itself is about introverts, so I'm skeptical.
This logic is downright silly. Pointing to how many people it has already killed (or contrasting with a typical flu year) is pointless. It hasn't run its course yet, and you're speaking as if it has. While it's far too early to panic, this virus is not some common flu. It spreads easier and kills easier. If this ends up killing less people than the flu, it is because of precautions successfully taken... because it is worse.
By flying in a helicopter at all.
Unsubstantiated fearmongering.
No, it is a tax-free savings account (TFSA). Each year you can contribute a certain amount of (already-taxed) money (currently $6k CAD, indexed to the inflation to the nearest $500) to it. This is your contribution room. It accumulates every year if unused. You can withdraw whenever you want. Any amount you withdraw in a year will be added to your contribution limit the following year. That's literally the only downside to withdrawing. It's pretty much what OP is describing. Everyone gets it, but the benefits are capped at the yearly contribution limit.
Not that I really trust the CCP either, but why would there need to already be a lot of deaths for them to see that more serious measures are needed?
Haha, yeah got’em! The world’s largest economy by far only growing 2% per year 🤣
He raped her. Sorry, I don’t care what one’s reasoning is... if someone settles on a rape accusation, I have to assume they’re guilty.
That is speculation. So far there is no evidence of secondary infections outside of east Asia.
Except this is already confirmed to be in several countries, unlike most of the other ones.
You mean people who were in Wuhan when the virus *started* to spread have been back for a month. Few people were infected a month ago in Wuhan... we wouldn’t expect to see many infected leaving China a month ago. The real measure will come when the incubation period ends for those who came into contact with those who left Wunan 1-2 weeks ago.
~59:36 on [this video](https://www.periscope.tv/w/1zqKVlQwjyPJB). Reporter says sources telling Global News about more cases. Presser guy says they'll have to follow up on that. Could be true, but nothing confirmed right now.
So you believe it’s okay to rape... as long as you inspire many people... by putting a ball through a hoop?
I'm not perfect, but I haven't raped anyone.
&gt; and payed for his crimes ten times over
Thanks Ottawa. Our ridings went to 10 Liberal MPs (two of which were on committees where the Liberals used their majority to cover up for the PMO during SNC) + Pierre Poilievre. We sure know how to pick 'em.
Not 21 countries. There are like 9-12 confirmed... mostly near China. To those downvoting and contributing to misinformation, I’d love to see your bogus list of countries with it.
I think the point is that this thing *can* kill a ton of people *if* we were to treat it like a common flu. It demands a response.
&gt; both countries Only Israel is mentioned here...
Yeah, because bringing up Trump regardless of relevancy is a favourite pastime on reddit.
I guess I just don’t understand the need to always bring him up. It must be exhausting.
So it’s strongly unconfirmed that it’s confirmed that they’re infected? I call that unconfirmed. Nice twitter source though.
No, no it isn’t. Only if you believe every nutjob that spouts off whatever they want.
None of our *large* parties speak out. Elizabeth May called China a “totalitarian dictatorship” live in the debates in 2019.
Let private businesses do as they please... unless they’re getting a dime of public money.
K.
Without sources on either side, I’m more inclined to believe the guy sayer older people are faring worse than people in their prime, lmao.
If this random site is to be believed*
‘Pretty much’ proven? By a number of questionable sources like this? Or an actual trustworthy source?
If it’s a requirement of the royal family, they can supply the cash...
A disaster how? What would be the tangible consequences for the country?
Nothing. They’re going to move here either way. Let them pay for it.
You’ve been watching too many violent movies, young man. Off to bed!
&gt; yeah I'd like to believe he'd be a fiscal conservative too, but his track record does not suggest that at all. What makes you say that?
You talk about mukbang videos like we’re supposed to know what that is.
That’s one thing you have in common with your cousins in Quebec. They protest while other provinces in Canada are much apathetic, so it’s a bit of a case of the squeaky wheel getting the grease. That has bred some resentment from other provinces, but it would be better if they were just also less apathetic.
How is it the best way to tax rich people? Under his plan the very wealthy pay 18% less tax on their income... that’s a ~55% reduction on their income tax. I don’t know how much of a reduction of our overall personal tax base ($164B in 2019) this would be, but it sure wouldn’t be small. And abolishing corporate income tax is ludicrous. It brought in **more than $50B** in revenue in 2019. Where does he plan to make up this enormous deficit? This is worse than an NDP level of fiscal responsibility. This guy is a joke. Even if you think his fantasies are a good idea, Canadians won’t. Not by a longshot. Try telling them that the poor will pay the same rate as the rich, and corporations won’t pay at all, and the Liberals will have the easiest majority in history.
More fiscal dishonesty from this government. It’s a shame this will spur the reputation of the PBO.
Go flashing your bribe money at the cartel and they’ll take it then want more in the form of a ransom payment.
This isn’t on most people’s radar yet... at least not here in Canada. If you’re on this sub at all, you’re hyper-aware compared to the average joe. But declaring it a global emergency would make headlines and generate more alarm overall (which isn’t necessarily a bad thing).
He is not. At least, he says, not until Pride allow police in. Which is such a cop out (pun absolutely intended) even if you believe Pride should allow police to march. https://www.google.com/amp/s/beta.ctvnews.ca/national/politics/2020/1/28/1_4786847.html
He’s not marching: https://www.google.com/amp/s/beta.ctvnews.ca/national/politics/2020/1/28/1_4786847.html
Gotta start hammering away at this talking point since they can’t attack him on social conservative stances, and he hasn’t talked policy yet.
Yeah executive orders are trash, and way too commonly used by every president.
Because that’s fun...
Canada recently re-elected a serial blackface user as PM. The revelations mid-election barely changed the polling at all.
You think people chose to get locked down? And really, it doesn’t sound that bad... they’re still on a cruise ship. And nobody is pooping in plastic bags, lol.
Literally everything has risks. Doesn’t mean living in a bubble (or paying taxes) is a good alternative.
Sure. Why don’t you volunteer all of your excess money to the government? It’ll raise your quality of life.
And that was just one incident. Others included an Afro, stuffing something down his pants for a bulge, and singing “Day-O”.
Has it started yet? Can’t watch right now.
What are your issues and how should the federal government help with them? Edit: The state of this sub: ask a genuine question and get downvoted into "controversial" territory, despite downvoting being against the rules no less.
They'll never have a shot until they change their archaic stance on climate change. Poll after poll showed climate change as the 1st or 2nd most important issue to voters (only consistently beaten by healthcare). Here is [what the PPC planned](https://www.peoplespartyofcanada.ca/global_warming_and_environment_rejecting_alarmism_and_focusing_on_concrete_improvements) to do about climate change: * **Withdraw** from the Paris Accord and **abandon** unrealistic greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. * **Stop** sending billions of dollars to developing countries to help them reduce their emissions. * **Abolish** the Liberal government’s carbon tax and leave it to provincial governments to adopt programs to reduce emissions **if they want to**. * **Abolish** subsidies for green technology and let private players develop profitable and efficient alternatives. * Invest in adaptation strategies **if problems arise** as a result of any **natural** climate change. * Prioritize implementing practical solutions to make Canada’s air, water and soil cleaner, including bringing clean drinking water to remote First Nations communities. Basically they planned to take two steps back and then sit on their hands until problems show themselves. Also they don't believe climate change is man-made. I also love how they will "let" private players develop alternatives... as if they're unable to currently.
I don't know anything about either plan. It sounds like you have an opinion though, so lay out your arguments.
You're right, but that's not a popular thing to bring up here.
They tend to not put live people on coins (apart from the Queen). I assume that's in case they later do something shitty and get a bad reputation.
Hello?
I guess you just pulled that out of your ass.
A private company moderating content on its platform is nothing like state censorship, even ignoring the jail time.
All these comparisons to the flu are missing one colossal point: this isn’t so bad **because of actions taken** to prevent it from getting bad. You think China would lock down 2/3 of its economy for weeks over the flu? Would a single country cancel flights anywhere over the flu? Would people be quarantined over the flu? Even a hundred people, never mind tens of millions? No. This is an apples to oranges comparison.
It’s a pointless comparison.
Since when is Facebook the “core nexus” of US state communications?
A huge part of it is the costs associated with raising kids. On the federal level, we should made child care cheap like Quebec. Yes, the costs would be significant, but this is something that would be of great value to Canadians. The money would be better spent on this than on tax cuts, home-buying incentives that only serve to make housing more expensive, gun buy-backs, or fucking camping subsidies.
They’re pretty open towards China.
Spanish case got it from a German case apparently.
Their protest is about a systemic issue, not a single death. Not excusing the violence of some of the protesters, but it is not "hugely worse" than excessive police violence in the country.
&gt; Everyone supporting this cause realizes that this is not just a USA issue but an issue that is EVERYWHERE. Including Canada. See Toronto's latest case. I assume you're talking about the case where so far nobody actually knows what happened, but people are just calling it a police murder... where the least likely explanation is that multiple cops responding to a domestic disturbance just decided to throw a distressed person with a history of mental health issues over her balcony in broad daylight while her family was right outside the door. Humour me here and set that "case" to the side... what's the next latest case of Canadian police murdering people?
&gt; This is a list of people killed by non-military law enforcement officers in Canada, both on duty and off, and regardless of reason or method. **Inclusion in the lists implies neither wrongdoing** nor justification on the part of the person killed or the officer involved; **the listing merely documents the occurrence of a death**. I'm talking about the police unjustly killing someone (murder), not a list of all deaths, on duty or off duty. For example, the latest death on that list is that recent Nova Scotia man who went on a killing rampage... killing him involved no wrongdoing. But let's look at every single Ottawa death on that list: * Jeffrey, Paul (27) | 2009 | 27-year-old Paul Jeffrey was shot by Ottawa police shortly after robbing a nearby TD Bank. Officers chased after Jeffrey on foot, **who then threatened to shoot the officers and pointed what later turned out to be a fake firearm at the officers**. The officers fired at Jeffrey in defense, who then died shortly after from the gunshot wounds. * Bastien, Richard (43) | 2009 | **After pointing his gun at police**, he was shot multiple times. **He also shot himself** in the head and died two days later. * Roke, Matthew | 2012 | https://torontosun.com/2012/05/02/man-dead-in-ont-police-shooting/wcm/51725201-578e-4a4a-916b-7cdb0a6e143a * Couture-Rouleau, Martin "Ahmad" (25) | 2014 | A man attacked two Canadian military personnel with his vehicle, killing one, and fled when the police arrived. He later crashed his car after a short pursuit, exited the vehicle, and **ran toward the police officers with a knife** before he was shot. During the police pursuit, Rouleau is said to have called 911 and to explain that he was doing this "in the name of Allah". See 2014 shootings at Parliament Hill, Ottawa. * Zehaf-Bibeau, Michael | 2014 | Shot by parliamentary police inside the Canadian Parliament. **[terrorist attempting to kill soldiers and elected officials]** * Abdi, Abdirahman (37) | 2016 | Man died in hospital after being beaten by police during arrest. **[had heart condition; ran from police resulting in foot-chase after a sexual assault spree]** * Ritchie, Greg (29) | 2019 | Ritchie, an Ojibwe man, was fatally shot by Ottawa police while they responded to a call of a man wielding a knife at Elmvale Acres Mall. The "knife" was actually a replica arrowhead Ritchie had constructed. **[caller thought he had a knife]** Most of these are completely justified. Those that aren't are simply sparse on details, not proving or disproving wrongdoing. None of them are like the indisputable murders we see south of the border.
Those are a lot of nice facts unrelated to my point: that these protests/riots objectively have a much smaller body count than unjustified police killings. They are not “hugely worse”.
These people aren’t thinking.
They're scum. Especially the guy trying to light fires.
Ain’t that the truth. Today’s Liberals have no problem spending borrowed money hand over fist, in times good and bad, that they won’t have to worry about because it’ll be a future government’s problem.
Source on more productivity? That seems like a bold claim if you’re talking broadly, across government. That may be the case in some situations, but I know many people in my office who work very hard and you sure as hell cant squeeze more productivity out of them by giving them less time to complete the same work.
I guess you can learn from high-level play, but you can also do that by watching streams or videos of high-level players who often explain their thinking as they play (and play relatively in fair games where they can’t just meme around. There are sometimes reasons for having multiple accounts I guess, but if you have a 2nd account purely to stomp noobs, you’re as scummy and lame as a cheater.
Sure, obviously play is better... but playing against people at your level is best. If some 800 elo noob gets absolutely stomped by some pro smurf, there isn't shit they can learn other than "wow, that guy was much faster and more experienced than I am... he can have scouts in my base before I've started to click up to feudal". That doesn't prepare them for realistic play at their level. Going forward, they may end up playing even more defensively than noobs already do, making militia in Dark age or something just in case scouts come to ruin their sim city too early.
A 1400 player is not really an intermediate player. That’s the 95th percentile.
Most people who are more than $100k in debt likely have a property with that debt, which usually cancels out most/all or more than all of the debt (in a net worth calculation).
The skill difference is so high that I literally can’t imagine him even losing that 0.01% of the time, even with moderate trolling/meme strats involved. He might as well toss in some cobra cars.
That’s a smurf essay if I’ve ever seen one. It’s the same ruined experience either way. If you don’t think so, try invading a young kids’ soccer game to run circles around them. If they or their parents get upset, tell hem that they can learn from you... they’ll surely get as upset with you as they would with a young kid who grabs the ball with their hands.
Too true.
Okay forget the children analogy, and soccer for that matter. That's a team game. Let's think of singles tennis. You're having a good time with your adult friends playing casually. When you're about to start a new game, a tennis pro strolls in and says "you're playing me next". You're not given the choice here. You also go into it not knowing that they're a pro. Next thing you know, he spikes it into the back corner before you can blink. You don't learn much from this... you knew that was a possibility (and theoretically that fast), but you're simply not that fast and neither is anyone else you play with. They just bullied their way in and wasted everyone's time. Also I don't care about gaining elo, but I do care about having a fun game on relatively even footing.. That's another reason I would never smurf... trashiness aside, it wouldn't be fun for me.
Arresting a journalist prompted national outcry and an apology... compared to people fearing to even acknowledge the existence of a government massacre on its own people... yeah, totally similar. /s
You're missing the fact that police have a presence at every protest?
That seems to be the goal of the organizers, so I wouldn't be surprised.
Their reasons for recommending against attending are ridiculous (emphasis mine): &gt; 1) This march is unsafe for Black people because of the location, confirmed police presence and un-addressed white supremacist comments on the event’s Instagram page. &gt; [...] &gt; The march is being held at heavily surveilled and policed locations: the US embassy and Parliament Hill. Demonstrations at **these locations have a risk of being met with snipers** &amp; RCMP in addition to OPS officers. We know that this positions Black people at a greater risk of instigation and violence by police. We have asked that the organizers consider another location, but they have chosen to hold the gathering at the embassy because of the “symbolic” nature of this gathering spot. If someone gets hit by a sniper, it sure as shit won't be because of the colour of their skin... it'll be because they were doing or about to do some really bad shit. &gt; 2) This march is unsafe for attendees because of the lack of safety measures put in place to prevent the spread of COVID-19. &gt; [...] &gt; It is irresponsible to host a gathering of this magnitude without taking every precaution possible to prevent the spread of COVID-19, especially to **Black communities who are forced to engage with an anti-Black health care system**. Fair enough about COVID... I'm not black or a healthcare worker so maybe I just don't understand... does anyone know how in the fuck our healthcare system is "anti-Black"? &gt; 3) Non-violent direct action is meant to center the most oppressed of our communities (specifically queer, trans, disabled and undocumented Black folks), dismantle institutions and demand justice. This march is not a commitment to Black lives and humanity, **it is a march designed to absolve white and non-Black attendees of their guilt**. They go on to single out the Mayor because, among other things, he "has increased our policing budget"... I guess the mere act of properly funding an essential service is a great sin now.
I see that. It's just interesting how the article, you, and the event organizers are all claiming this without any actual evidence.
Yeah, I asked if anyone *knew*, not if anyone *guessed*. Forgive me if I don’t want to bother reading past the introduction on that 2nd link when the intro says shit like: &gt; The Canadian Public Health Association (CPHA) recognizes that we are all either overtly or inadvertently racist [...]
So it’s okay to demonize a Mayor who controls a police budget? How about we also demonize 911 operators for deploying police on calls?
&gt; Playing against a pro is fun Subjective &gt; that's why F1re lets people play him for channel points Of course fans want to voluntarily play him... this is not comparable. The victims don't choose this. &gt; Assuming you're at a certain level of competence, it's fun to compete against someone better than you, which everyone who plays a smurf is doing. Smurfs are on a rocket ship from 1.1k too their proper elo, and they won't be playing people without a basic level of competence. I'm talking about people who smurf strictly to stomp noobs, not those with multiple accounts trying to get to their proper elo.
Viper will always win unless he decides to troll... even then he very likely still will.
It really doesn't help that it may be the most armed country on the planet... the civilians, *and* the police forces, *and* the military.
Nice conspiracy theory. I suppose police were secretly responsible for 9/11 too?
There's an EMT right behind them. They're keeping it moving so the EMT can do their thing.
If they went through all this trouble, they probably also kick sufficiently experienced players too, until they find opponents they know they can beat.
I’m challenging the fact that they take issue with an elected official doing their job. How long has this guy been in office? How much has the city grown? (I haven’t checked the numbers, I’m just assuming) he has increased the budget of the police... and every other aspect of the city budget over the years. Cities grow, and their services grow too. Go figure.
People say they’ll keep apart but who are they kidding? Not a single protest from Toronto to Montreal to Calgary to any given US city to Europe has been successful in keeping 6ft apart. Not one. They won’t in Ottawa either. We aren’t special. I’d love to be proven wrong here, but I won’t be. Edit: [Livestream](https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/video?playlistId=1.4971438). Yep, not even close to distanced. Shocker.
Well good thing this isn’t a march... oh wait, yeah, it’s a march.
It would also be prudent to not physically protest a largely foreign problem during a pandemic, but that seems to be what’s happening.
Certainly there's a problem to some degree, but not to the point that it justifies protesting now rather than waiting until after the pandemic when you can do so without endangering everybody's live, especially the black community's lives.
&gt; There's always going to be a reason not to act. I think anyone with half a brain can see how this is different than nonsense reasons. &gt; How many people is it ok to let die in the name of saving lives? As many as will die from a spike in cases due to today's protest. There are thousands of people out there right now. Not at all distanced. Most but certainly not all are wearing masks. When was the last time someone died due to police brutality in Ottawa? Take the number of months/years since then and assume another year of pandemic. Then figure out approx how many you could expect to die from police brutality in Ottawa in that year (average of less than 1). More people will die of COVID directly because of spread in the protests today. The damage is done now though, so hopefully they at least get the reform that they seek (though from the organizers' website, there aren't even any specific demands, last I checked).
I can see the COVID spike from here.
That will *help*.
It isn't that big of a problem here. Look at the last time Ottawa police killed a black person (or any person, for that matter). How many years ago was it? Because if it was 3 years ago, and a single person dies from a spike in COVID cases in Ottawa due to this, then you could justify delaying this by up to 3 years theoretically, due to the pandemic (not that it will last half that long). If people actually stopped to think this through, they'd see that this will have a worse result for the black community in Ottawa than delaying it until after the pandemic.
&gt; teed number of drops caps out at GR90. You need to go a little higher for them all to be guaranteed legendaries ;) I've heard at whatever level you can kill elite packs in less than 5 secs.
&gt; Well considering there were reports of cops prepared to shoot native protestors a matter of months ago, do you want to rethink your position? Police are always prepared in potentially deadly situations. You think there aren't snipers at parliament today, or on any given Canada Day? &gt; Ffs there was a video of 4 cops kicking the shit out of a 100pd girl in a storm trooper costume because she has a plastic gun. You're just outright lying. Why lie? Because presenting reality doesn't make your argument for you?
You are lying. I've seen the video. There was no violence at all, never mind "4 cops kicking the shit out of a 100pd girl".
I just re-watched it... there is nothing of the sort. Why don't you link me to the video you're talking about then? The one with "4 cops kicking the shit out of a 100pd girl".
No, no, you getting say she was "getting her ass kicked by cops". You said that they were "kicking the shit out of [her]"... as in physically kicking her and beating her up. So dishonest.
The type of person that tries to make a distinction between truth and fiction?
Your hopes are too high. These are not consider people.
The Mayor, Ministers, and PM showing up is beyond "allowing" it. They've endorsed it with their presence, and the resulting COVID deaths are partly on them. At least the PM's office didn't announce beforehand that they would be there, unlike Watson.
[*Thanks for your donation to the Liberal Party*](https://globalnews.ca/video/5104987/thank-you-for-your-donation-trudeau-to-first-nation-protesters-at-liberal-fundraiser)
I mean, that is what happened. He clearly wasn’t armed. No words he might have said can justify him getting stomped out by a crowd.
Other clowns can claim whatever they want... that doesn't make it true. Every single photo and video of the event proves those to be lies.
Oh wow, a photo from the PM’s photo-op. That is indicative of the typical situation /s. I saw many people shoulder-to-shoulder, making physical contact. That is no camera effect. Stop downplaying the dangers of what happened yesterday.
That doesn’t justify it.
&gt; They think they can get away with this? 🚩
They make up ~13% of the workforce so employee-for-employee, they get roughly 4x the average of the other departments. Makes some sense when you consider that most other jobs are probably office jobs, not needing gear, guns, or special vehicles.
It means people should weigh the very few deaths from police killings in Ottawa (less than 1 per year average, justified or otherwise) against the threat of deaths from COVID from a spike in cases during this exceptional time. If even a single extra person dies of COVID because of this, then the choice to rally over this now is statistically the more deadly choice.
No audio could convince me that the couple instigated that.
&gt; And if one life is saved from people speaking out against violence then does that life cancel out the covid death? Yeah... that's my whole point. But like I said, looking at the statistics, the average is even less than 1 police-involved killing in Ottawa per year. Meaning, statistically, if even a single person dies of COVID, the protest caused more death than it prevented. &gt; You can talk in hypotheticals all you want but real life doesn't work like that. I don't think you really understand what you're saying. We're talking about real-life probabilities here. This isn't a fairy tale. There is going to be a spike in cases and some people will die. &gt; The best we can hope for is for people to be responsible and protect themselves by wearing proper PPE and social distancing but unfortunately they don't all do it. The best we *could have* hoped for was for the protest to be delayed until after the pandemic. That's past now though. &gt; If you don't like it don't go, don't look at these posts, and don't comment here. This affects everyone, regardless of whether they went or not.
It's past half. Go see on Google Maps. It covers virtually 99% of the population of Ontario (~14.4M), metro Montreal (~4.1M), and metro Quebec City (~0.8M) for a total of ~19M, which is 50.5% of the population. That's also not counting any of the maritimes or small-town Quebec.
Seattle latitude: [47.6 N](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHFX_enCA791CA791&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk00SVvlipxR9TZQ8S7fz98g9EFGKVw%3A1591668006255&amp;ei=Ju3eXpSYD6CGytMPqaS_gAU&amp;q=seattle+coordinates&amp;oq=seattle+coord&amp;gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAxgAMgoIABCRAhBGEPsBMgIIADIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB46BwgAEIMBEEM6BAgAEEM6BwgAELEDEEM6BQgAEIMBOgUIABCRAjoFCAAQsQM6BAgAEAM6BwgAEBQQhwJQ65wBWPKjAWCarQFoAHAAeACAAWKIAfUEkgEBN5gBAKABAaoBB2d3cy13aXo&amp;sclient=psy-ab) Quebec City latitude: [46.8 N](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHFX_enCA791CA791&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk01uN3mqgbbF-adTTytV_lHzC9zyXw%3A1591668029657&amp;ei=Pe3eXpPaJ-KOggf1zLGgCw&amp;q=quebec+city+coordinates&amp;oq=quebec+city+coordinates&amp;gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzIHCAAQRhD7ATIGCAAQBxAeMgYIABAHEB4yBggAEAgQHjIGCAAQCBAeOgQIABANOggIABAIEAcQHjoICAAQBxAFEB46AggAUJ0SWOweYIQgaABwAHgAgAFviAGgCJIBAzYuNZgBAKABAaoBB2d3cy13aXo&amp;sclient=psy-ab&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjT7Ie80fPpAhVih-AKHXVmDLQQ4dUDCAw&amp;uact=5)
&gt; You should consume less but he will take a private jet to go surfing. Not to mention the time he was vacationing in Florida but had to return to Ottawa early to do damage control over his firing of the AG... only to later fly *back* on a private jet to Florida to finish his vacation, then of course fly back after that.
Iran might be fairly safe, if you belong to the correct demographic. Rural Iraq isn’t “fairly safe” for anyone...
It's very mobile-friendly too, if you don't have a 2nd monitor.
How on Earth did you arrive at that conclusion? That chart doesn’t give you specific cities’ murder rates. Also this chart is the rate per 100,000 residents... over an 18-year period, not annually, like in your link. In no cities are cop killings outnumbering murders.
These stats are for an 18-year period... it says right on the graph.
It’s 36 per 100,000 over that entire 18-year period, not average per year over that period.
Anecdotes...
It really does scream of r/pfjerk. Unnecessarily smug. Everyone’s situations are different, and this guy is discounting a country of hundreds of millions of people because he knows a few of them who aren’t good with money, and he is... then he goes on to say “no one is superior”, although he clearly thinks he is.
Because it's easy and 99.9% of people don't need to know the difference, and those that do will learn the difference in higher education...
Bingo. In my experience looking for work in both private and public sector, having 2 years instead of 3 closes a very small % of doors. Otherwise the program job prospects are pretty much identical.
Ottawa?
That and huge bidding wars, lately.
Having $20k saved and being able to save $25k/year at 22 is great no matter where you're located.
What is “The Christian Church” anyways? There is no such thing.
Please.
That's not a source for your much-more-specific claim.
&gt; He was credited for pre-sentence custody so his remaining sentence is 135 days He'll be out in time for the Halloween trick-or-treaters.
So... to support these employees that can't afford to just up and quit, we should avoid the businesses? Then they go under and that employee who can't afford to lose their job loses their job. Meanwhile the employers will have zero reason to believe they didn't get the business of people like you because of their management-employee relations.
Don't confuse exercising your rights with being in the right.
The ultra-rich (like in 2008) are in for short-term pain like everyone else. But like 2008, they will recovery far quicker than everyone else.
Someone needs to make r/ActualForRealPublicFreakouts
Alright, I’ll bite: which is the 4th major city? Because as of the last census, Calgary, Ottawa, and Edmonton all had very similar populations.
If you go by the CMAs (Census Metropolitan Area), as the government does, it is only about 5% larger than the other two. All three are in the 1,3XX,XXX range.
This photo is altered.
How often is this actually an issue for you? I can’t say I’ve ever had this problem, even once. Try patrolling for fights, attacking ground if you want to specifically target units, and only ever directly clicking on buildings.
They just don’t have the concentration of votes needed in QC, outside of a handful of ridings. The two times in their history that they had a higher popular vote than the Liberals (+3.9% in 2006 and +2.3% in 2011) they still lost to them in the seat count. The highest percentage of seats they ever captured was 15.4% in 2015. In 2006 they got their record high of the popular vote (24.6%) for just 13.3% of seats.
People are obviously talking about the CMAs when they talk about major cities. Municipal boundaries aren’t very relevant when discussing “major cities”.
I think people are talking about the Greater-Toronto-Area. Whether that includes that little town is subjective, but its place as the #1 major city in Canada is not.
I was one of the nay-sayers a couple weeks ago, saying that having that BLM rally was going to cause a spike in cases because physical distancing is impossible in that kind of environment. I was right that it would be a compelete physical distancing failure, but I’m glad I was wrong about the spike in cases. I guess social distancing just isn’t that important in Ottawa anymore, if you’re outside and wear masks.
Has it occurred to you that their are? Why does this sub have so much trouble taking people at face value? All of the advice given here is just unofficial advice based on the information that OP gives... if they leave out details intentionally or otherwise, and get bad advice as a result, that's on them.
&gt; Why is a white person in a position of power deciding what is and is not racist, especially when it's a person of colour making the accusation? Are you under that impression that the colour of someone's skin affects their ability to judge right from wrong? Because that's what you're saying here. Do people of colour have some monopoly on ability to identify racism?
It can't help that we re-elected a former serial blackface user who, as Prime Minister, mocked an indigenous protester who was objecting to his lack of progress on getting her community clean drinking water. He mocked her at this event for $10k+ donors to his party, saying thanks for your donation... as bad as the blackface was, that was in the past... this was despicable and it happened in his position as PM, ~7 months before his re-election. If our defense to that is that "the other guy was worse", it is no wonder we lost to the likes of Norway and Ireland.
Exactly, yet they spent so much money on this, both directly and indirectly. People care about *that*.
It can't help that we re-elected that former serial blackface user who, as Prime Minister, mocked an indigenous protester who was objecting to his lack of progress on getting her community clean drinking water. He mocked her at this event for $10k+ donors to his party, saying thanks for your donation... as bad as the blackface was, that was in the past... this was despicable and it happened in his position as PM, ~7 months before his re-election. If our defense to that is that "the other guy was worse", it is no wonder we lost to the likes of Norway and Ireland.
Scheer would have got us just as many security council seats... for a much smaller price tag.
First you say that white people don't have "the stones to actually say something about it"... but you seem to disagree with that now, and instead you move the goalposts to continue with this "white people are bad" parade of yours.
Better prepare the country during the first 52 months of his terms as PM. For starters, not turning an essentially balanced budget into ~$80Bn of deficits over his first 4 years, during good economic times.
In direct costs only. How many fiscal and diplomatic decisions of his government were influenced by the quest for this seat?
$2.3M directly, plus it factored into countless fiscal and diplomatic decisions over the years.
Seriously, what sort of miserable human being does this?
You're confused. They voted for the investigation. This was a separate motion. Please stop spreading misinformation when you don't know what you're talking about.
Sloan's opening statement might as well have been: If I am chosen as leader, I will do everything in my power to ensure another Liberal majority.
This is certainly the cleanest and most civil political debate I've seen in awhile. Very little interrupting or talking over one another.
Even just looking at those in poverty, white people outnumber black people 2.75 : 1 in the US.
*Sucker* punch a 12 year old in the face with brass knuckles.* Good riddance.
And young. I don’t actually have the stats I hand to back this up, but I bet homicide rates across all races plummets after age 25 or so.
No doubt. Plus the culture that comes along with the urban areas.
That's irrelevant when we're comparing absolute numbers of murders. Shame, shame. Use your brain.
Plus they'll then protest anyways.
Are you implying we aren't real citizens of Ottawa or something? I was one of them. [A few days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/ottawa/comments/haw6wu/zero_new_cases_or_deaths_today/fv5ixd9/) I admitted that I was wrong about the spike in cases. That doesn't mean that my concerns weren't valid. It *was* a physical distancing disaster... that just apparently doesn't matter much anymore.
He’s in the 1% wealth-wise. That’s gotta help to some degree.
Not true. Everybody was on board with the study. The BQ MP was not on board with making the conclusion ahead of the study, which is completely reasonable.
What a ridiculous, bad-faith argument... that being called a racist won't affect a Canadian political career in the slightest. Even if you assume every single voter in that constituency doesn't care the slightly bit about racism (impossible), his party will. Even if every single member of his party don't personally care either (they will), he is a liability when the next election comes around and people point to this 'racist' BQ MP.
Not very small compared to other leaders, though it was the lowest popular vote % to become PM in Canadian history, as well as one of the few times in our history that the one who became PM lost the popular vote.
That was the only thing holding them back from getting my vote. Here’s hoping they don’t double down on that.
&gt; JM only has "power" because of Brian and I would bet good money that he was there chatting with JM routing her along while the fight was going on. Yeah, let’s just attack a former PM based on a hunch. /s
Let’s be real though, apart from people who fetishize it, every person is a sexier version of themselves when at a healthy weight than they are when fat.
There is nothing wrong with Chinese immigration. All the immigrants from China I know are either: * critical of the CCP * have embraced Canada totally and aren’t concerned one way or another with the CCP Either way they’re no different than most natural-born Canadians in that regard. The influence of the CCP in our higher education, politics is an issue though.
[We do.](https://www.competitionbureau.gc.ca/eic/site/cb-bc.nsf/eng/home)
Yes. Unless you could be called back into the office physically, so urgently that being that far would be an issue...
No, he was on board with a study/investigation into that and voted for it earlier that morning... he voted "No" to a motion saying that there was systemic racism in the RCMP... essentially deciding the conclusion of the study they had just voted for before it even started. That's literally what the whole thing is about. That's why Singh called him a racist, refused to apologize, and got himself kicked out of the chamber. It was a big political stunt, and boy did people buy into it.
&gt; Whats sad to me is that after the first (and only) party leader of colour claims to be the victim of racism and what we do first is find ways to bring him down and discredit his experience. So much is wrong with this. First of all, he has talked before about being the victim of racism (in his book, for example) and not been "brought down" or "discredited". Next, he didn't claim the be the victim of racism here. He called someone else racist. Lastly, if you care to actually immerse yourself in the context of the situation, you would see that the MP wasn't being racist. Singh just came out of left field with that. Apparently we should throw the regular process out the window when it concerns racism, and make conclusions ahead of the beginning of studies. Your comment is more of the bullshit surrounding this... the idea that when someone calls out "racist!", that allegation should be free of criticism or critical thoguht. That is not how a democracy works or should work.
&gt; wow, so kind of you to allow him to write a book and not be brought down /s You're clearly coming into this discussion in good faith. /s &gt; Yes, he (Jagmeet) called him (Alain Therrien) racist because Therrien was being racist... towards him in Jagmeet's perspective. Jagmeet most certainly was the victim of racism and that is why he did not apologize. Can you clearly explain how he was being racist? Other than just saying "in his [Jagmeet] perspective"?
You made a strawman out of my statement. I agree, the statement presented in your strawman was ridiculous. Can you link a video where he actually explains how the other MP was racist? In the one you linked, he simply re-iterated what happened, and said that he got angry about it. No explanation whatsoever.
True, but that's also not what the meme is about or why people make jokes about Chinese eating dogs. Most have no idea about the things you just mentioned.
First of all, the motion was to "recognize systemic racism in the RCMP" *and* to call on the government to do several things, including funding-related stuff. There's also the glaring matter of them having already voted to have a study done on this very issue. This motion would have pre-determined the conclusion of that study. It sounded like the hand gesture was a sort of "oh, don't give me that look" when Singh faced the guy. I would say that's disrespectful, but it isn't racist. You calling me stupid and/or racist is not getting your point across. It just looks like you can't seem to explain the alleged racism at play, so instead you get emotional and hurl personal insults (like Singh, in this case).
This was a student of a third MP (not MacKay or O'Toole)... an MP who endorsed O'Toole. It's a weird story so far. Clearly something happened, but there also isn't any public evidence against the MacKay campaign so far.
Seriously, this data is so cherry-picked, but gotta generate that outrage!
Yeah, I think it is just a difference in how the official numbers are counted. We don't have counties up here, to my knowledge. Officially our capital (~1M people) is more than twice the size of any given large city like LA or NYC.
1250 in 1v1 DE is the 85th percentile, where 85% of players who are ranked in 1v1 are lower than you. ~1020 ELO is average.
Or to play ranked. The system is pretty great for solving these issues.
"Good" is all relative. It's not a small game... there are 36,000 people in ranked 1v1 ladder.
&gt; The current generational population can't afford to have more than one kid depending on where you live In no small part due to a growing population making housing more expensive, and immigration suppressing wages.
Most economies were before COVID (when this article came out). If you read the article, it is very sparse on actual numbers, but here's one of the few they did provide: &gt; Nearly four years after German Chancellor Angela Merkel chose to leave the country’s borders open amid a vast influx of asylum seekers to Europe, a significant majority of the approximately 1.5 million people who have arrived since remain out of the labor force. Many are taking required integration and language courses. Nearly 200,000 are registered as unemployed. That's a 13.3% unemployment rate, where the rest of the country is at ~5% (which includes the 13.3% portion of refugees). Unemployment rate also doesn't account for those not in the job market at all... those who don't have a job and aren't looking for one for whatever reason (caring for family, raising family, discouraged, etc). Their economy doing well (again, like the rest of the world) had nothing to do with their refugees. In happened in spite of them.
US influence doesn't involve intimidating their expats like China does with Canadians from China/Taiwan/Tibet.
That's not an admission, that's an allegation. The student is shifting blame... maybe justifiably, but it is not the same as this alleged MacKay organizer admitting to anything.
None of that changes the fact that there has been no admission on the part of MacKay campaign staff, and no publicly-available evidence yet that shows the campaign playing a part.
&gt; This stinks from the perspective of the MacKay campaign. The campaign hasn't said anything about the allegations. The existence of an allegation isn’t evidence of that allegation. They have spoken of it, so I don’t know where you’re coming from here. &gt; The student's admission is a serious piece of evidence that could be enough to lead to charges being filed. Maybe. That’s up to the police to figure out.
&gt; MacKay's team is dismissing the allegations as a "desperate, last ditch strategy." &gt; &gt; It issued a statement Saturday calling it "mildly amusing" to be on the receiving end of this accusation late on a Friday of what they believe was a "bad week for the O'Toole campaign." &gt; &gt; "It is not surprising that this is a tactic being trotted out the same week that Erin O'Toole performed very poorly in the debates in front of party members and Canadians," the MacKay campaign said in their statement. &gt; &gt; "Their campaign telegraphed immediately after the debates that they had given up on their unity message and were going to tear down their opponents as a desperate, last ditch strategy." &gt; &gt; MacKay's team further noted that if someone from the O'Toole campaign leaked information, the O'Toole campaign should be talking to its own volunteers. [4 days ago](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/conservative-campaign-theft-accusation-1.5620686) What publicly-available evidence shows the campaign playing a part?
&gt; We know that the summer student admitted to stealing the password from MP Greg McLean's email account. It is publicly available information that the student was fired as a result of this theft. Again, this student is not with the campaign. &gt; The fact that the allegation is against Jamie Lall is publicly available information. The existence of an allegation is not evidence. &gt; As is the fact that the RCMP is examining the claim made by the O'Toole campaign. An examination of an allegation is also not evidence. &gt; That is more than enough evidence that the MacKay campaign played a part in this theft? Literally none of the above is evidence of that. Anyone who is satisfied by this total lack of evidence sees things through a guilty-until-proven-innocent mindset. That's not what the party or the country needs.
In just 4 years we ran $80Bn of deficits... during good times. Roughly a third of the deficit spending for this once-in-a-generation event... and this happened during good times. Now GDP is retracting too and the ratio is going to skyrocket. That's why a flat ratio during good times is terrible.
Liar. [2006](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Canadian_federal_budget) - surplus under Harper [2007](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_Canadian_federal_budget) - surplus under Harper. Then 2008 happened, a deficit spiked, and his government reduced it progressively each year until balance in 2015... then we got Trudeau.
Even if re-elected, there’s a good chance that an obese old man won’t survive the stresses of the presidency for another 4 years.
The big issue is tons of businesses (and therefore jobs) being on the brink. StatCan data has already showed that young people are taking the worst of it by far, with young women specifically getting it even worse.
Are you banning maps? Which maps? Are you queued for 1v1 and TGs? I haven't noticed any problems.
True.
Again?
Probably they are underrepresented in office jobs that can work from home, and overrepresented majorly in restaurants and bars that are closed.
It’s true. And cost-effectiveness is the only thing that matters. We should outsource our police capacity to Blackwater and our Enmployment Insurance program to Morneau Shepell. /s
The fact that you’re comparing the US and India to China shows how clueless you are about the world.
The Yakuza and Triads? Those gangs not at all involved in Canada? Some races commit violent crime at higher levels. *Some* of that can be attributed to systemic issues, but *some* of it can also be attributed to cultural issues. Thick-headed people on each extreme will insist that it is entirely systemic issues or culture to blame, but really it is both. The systems need to change *and* some cultures need to clean up their act.
Hitler just surprised Stalin before Stalin surprised Hitler.
Who was charged? This is someone on Twitter putting out a detail-less allegation. Can you imagine being fired over that?
Frank would be running a pump and dump that Mac and Charlie are unknowingly buying into.
&gt; Recognize your expression as potentially dangerous. That’s rich coming from the person wanting to take away adult citizens’ voting rights.
Well say something then! We can work around that.
&gt; In addition, I’m in a low risk group for having serious complications from Covid 19, so when I weigh the potential unknown long term risks for a brand new vaccine against the risk of getting the virus The virus also has potential unknown long term risks. That shouldn’t really be a factor to influence your decision here, as both the vaccine and the virus are the same in that regard.
Someone *alleges* that. It could very well be true, but it’s not a settled, proven thing.
There weren’t tariffs on dollar store knock knacks, but mostly raw materials used industrially. And that’s tariffs, not bans on this or that. Shit you see at the dollar store (or any retail store) isn’t indicative of the severity of a trade war.
Good thing the justice system doesn’t operate on a guilt-by-association basis. That lends credence to the allegation, but once again, it doesn’t *prove* the allegation.
Compelling argument.
One of those awards costs about $60 USD worth of coins I believe.
It is more technique than strength. Until he gets the 2nd hand on the wall, he keeps his center of mass far from the wall so his fingers are pulled in and he doesn’t need to use his thumb. He is still strong of course, but it is not unheard strength for recreational climbers.
They saw it last night and called in the dev team for some emergency late-night overtime to crank out this feature.
&gt; Duff Conacher, of the accountability watchdog group Democracy Watch, said he thinks WE Charity’s explanation that Kielburger accidentally misspoke is “not plausible.” &gt; &gt; “It’s totally different to have a Prime Minister’s Office call you as opposed to someone in the bureaucracy,” Conacher said. “I just don’t believe he would be confusing that, because they’ve received grants and contracts from government departments. So they know the difference between the government department and the Prime Minister’s Office.” Not to mention that he specifically says: &gt; “So myself, my team… had all watched this (April 22nd announcement), and **the next day**, the Prime Minister’s Office kindly called us Yet apparently he misspoke on the date too, and it was actually the follow by week that they first heard from government.
Oh, he’s benefiting and aware of it. Not in bags of cash, but in votes. During SNC he specifically tied the matter to the upcoming-at-the-time QC election and the 2019 election. Members of his office and the Finance Minister’s office brought up elections no less than 4 times when communicating with the Attorney General.
