They’ll ban national news and delete the thread but god damnit if we don’t have a new “iS aArOn RoDgErS tHe MoSt OvErRaTeD eVaRrR?!?!!” thread with 750 comments every day.
Aaron is either aging horribly or he’s dying. He looks awful.
I want to be sensitive to the topic but I really feel like this is being blown way out of proportion. Was Kareem acting like an absolute moron? Absolutely. Does he deserve to be suspended? Maybe. Does he deserve to lose his job? No. When I read he “brutalized” her it took me a minute to start the video because I was mentally preparing myself for some serious harm. He was out of line but I’ve nudged my dogs away from me harder than he “kicked” that girl.
I like our teams reputation as a team that doesn’t foster this type of behavior, but I gotta say, I’ve nudged my dog away from me harder than he kicked that girl. This isn’t even close to the Ray Rice situation, IMO.
Good lord people move on. It’s not this dudes job to entertain you for the rest of time because he was on a show 5 months ago.
JuJu. Him and Adams would be such an insane duo for a long time.
I want Zeke to score a touchdown and jump into the crowd and play with the camera. Goodell would ban him for life.
This team is so bad. Idk how some of you still think we have a chance. We’re gonna struggle with the 2 win cardinals.
How does the majority of this staff and half of these players still have a job?
What kind of person am I? The type of person who is tired of watching low talent players plague this team? What a monster!
Good lord man
Don’t go to r/nfl with that take. Most will argue he’s 10-15. I’m convinced people have never watched him play.
Wow that was actually pathetic
He has like 75 yards
Fuck man this team has so little talent it’s sad
Dude he’s not above criticism. He’s not playing like an elite 140 million dollar QB and it has hurt our team.
We’re gonna lose
This team has less talent then the Browns.
They were 0-16 last year.
That’s what you want from the leader of your team.
We might be entering the 7-9 for three year skid the Saints went through. I just don’t see any talent anywhere. Bunch of JAGs all over the field.
I can’t even defend Rodgers from r/nfl anymore. Maybe they’re right.
Which one is the upvote?
More Tonyan. That was a good block.
Fuck Crosby. He can go with Mike, Cobb, Clay, Perry, and Bulaga. Trim the fucking useless fat.
Green’s hurt every season.
Except that he is. And he’s been proving it for damn near 2 years now.
I just gave you facts and all you did was ask me to provide you with more stats. Do a little digging yourself if you actually believe the crap you type. Per 16 averages. Adams: 88 catches, 1133 yards, 12 touchdowns. Green: 88 catches. 1294 yards, 8 touchdowns. Give me the 4 touchdowns and the durability any day of the week. Add on top of that that this is really Adams coming out season and he’s going to play at this level longer than Green is and it’s not even close.
You monster!
No
McCarthy was a great coach. But the league has passed him by. It happens to everyone except Belicheck. I’ll always appreciate what he did for us but it was time to go in a different direction. You don’t get free passes for life if you win one super bowl in the NFL.
It was time. r/nfl has been universally shitting on him as a head coach for years but I promise you this time tomorrow we will be a bad organization who made a bad decision according to this sub. But it was definitely time.
Aaron’s always feuding with someone. It’s a problem. If he acts like a prima dona bitch with the next coach then it might be time to look at some options because no one is more important than the team, and we shouldn’t have to sit here and watch his attitude cause friction until he retires because he used to be great.
I sure hope not. We need a fresh perspective.
No, I want to see Rodgers get back into a rhythm and go back to being the god he is.
Do you have statistics or do you just shit post to exercise your fingers?
Should’ve prayed for them hamstrings.
Probably Mack now.
Why isn’t this the kind of running back he is? That’s what I expect from someone with his size and skill. That was awesome!
I must be a bad fan then because I’ll take 4-11-1 and a top 6 pick over 8-7-1, a mid round pick, and potentially hiring Joe Philbin as our head coach.
Yeah if everyone else hates him I’ll gladly take him, pair him with Josh McDaniels, and feast on r/NFL’s endless supply of salt.
She treated Fessy like shit most nights on the feeds for the first 50 days. All it was was a constant bickering match for hours at a time after about 3AM EST between the two. Not exactly romantic stuff.
Guess someone felt like they weren’t getting enough attention.
This mother fucked was a favorite over the fucking King?
Beat down
MY FANS GOT RICH
“Underdog.”
Really regret my username choice every time we play the Falcons.
[If you want one you can always make a custom Jersey with his name and number](http://www.packersproshop.com/green-bay-packers-women-s-custom-home-game-jersey?210=18&amp;211=47&amp;216=337&amp;aitrk=gbp-plag&amp;teng=go&amp;beng=m&amp;deng=m&amp;keng=&amp;meng=&amp;peng=1o3&amp;ieng=59461728427&amp;kieng=aud-465567415885:pla-325507474244&amp;cieng=278447132313&amp;cpieng=1454763551&amp;feng=&amp;cleng=EAIaIQobChMIneCVoqaT3wIV3bfACh23BA_hEAQYAyABEgJwx_D_BwE&amp;utm_source=google&amp;utm_medium=pla&amp;utm_campaign=shopping-everything_else#)
This sport is a joke
This defense being talentless and bad didn’t. Which was what I said.
Rodgers must be calling the plays again
It’s the same story every year. The defense is always down to third stringers.
I hate that I have the same name as that guy
He’s had like 3 dropped. I watch guys like Stafford have 3 dropped every week.
Where has this team been all year?
Completion % is a little low this year because of the throw aways and two late round rookies still learning how to play.
I don’t want Clay to leave but I also want us to draft 2 edge rushers in the first 3 picks.
There’s no way you actually believe that
[But he has.](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/1404344/omgrod.0.gif) Mahomes is unreal though. He reminds me so much of a young Favre. I love watching him.
Did any Eagle actually cover the ball?
That’s not the rule though. No one ever grabbed the ball before there was a pile.
Cowboys are contending for the 1 seed if they had a QB.
Yours isn’t much better.
Some bad QBs in this one. Yeesh.
Yes we’ve been brutalized by this man in the playoffs as well.
I can’t believe Zeke got a flag for not letting the defender plow through his knees. What fucking sport is this? And then you people here act like it’s okay lol
Dallas is on the verge of becoming a potential dynasty if they had an elite QB.
Blatant make up call
I love that Dak Prescott dropped 450 on the Eagles and Amari dropped 200 and 3 TDs on the Eagles after all the shit they gave Cowboys fans here. Y’all deserve this.
Now here’s a guy with a scolding hot take
Same old Mitch. He’ll throw ya one.
Mahomes is by far the best young QB in the game.
I hope we sign him to a longer contract. I like having actual talented cornerbacks.
The year Stafford made all those comebacks his defense usually held the opponent to around 20 points. He just played like shit for 3 quarters and had to make up for it. I’ll take my downvoted for speaking the truth. EDIT: before I get downvoted his defenses held the offense to an average of 21 points. So now I’ll accept my downvotes.
He gave the Cowboys Cooper which screwed the Eagles season up and he gave the Bears Mack who decided to destroy Aaron’s knee so he ruined ours too. Damnit Jon.
We have a pulse.
Give him a contract. We can’t let even more cornerback talent walk out the door.
I’ll take Zeke and it’s really not even close. Dude is leading the league in rushing playing against stacked boxes with a banged up offensive line, and he has proven to be a great pass catching back as well.
Fuck it’s so annoying to read over and over again. Everyone loved Jordy but if you couldn’t tell the guy lost a step last season then you weren’t paying attention. Players get old, teams move on.
This sub isn’t confusing it all. It’s for memes, spicy hot takes, and circle jerking.
I’m still convinced that’s Alex. Those BBOTT houseguests must’ve been blind because good lord they’re identical from the side.
Obviously Jordy. But also Luck, Zeke, and now Mahomes. Just like watching great players play.
Brett Favre was cool.
Put me down for $100 too.
You’re going to stop liking an entire franchise because someone with a flair made a joke? Crazy.
Well first of all through god all things are possible so jot that down
Kill is offensive now.
Please stop saying kill I’m offended
I have Chubb and Lindsay going tonight. Looks like the season is over for me.
Even though we suck this is the most excited I’ve been for the playoff picture in a while. Feels wide open and everyone is pretty good. Gonna be a fun playoff.
8=D
You don’t?
I hope not. This feels really desperate.
True Packer
I’m plenty middle ground. The defense sucks. What the fuck do you want me to say? They’re bad. I don’t like it. Because I’m a fan and I want them to win.
Needs: head coach. 3/5 of the offensive line. Tight end. Wide receiver. DE. ILB. 2 edge rushers. 2 safeties. This is gonna take a while.
I wouldn’t be mad if we went after Bell in the offseason. We could move Bell all around our offense and Jones could still get his usual ten touches a game. He’d be an awesome weapon in our offense. We need elite talent.
Yeah only brain dead morons want game changing players.
The cap is increasing 10 million next season. We need talent. I’d rather spend the money on proven talent then spend more on our injury prone bums.
Jackson is disappointing.
8 of these starters have no business being on an NFL roster. This is so fucking frustrating every god damn year with these injuries.
Because I want a top 3 running back? Okay.
We need a real lead back to pair with Jones.
FIRE PHILBIN
I don’t think we’ve wasted Rodgers career but I’m pretty sure we’re going to waste the end of it. This team is in need of a rebuild. There’s nothing to get excited about in terms of talent.
This is something I can get behind.
Jesus Aaron he’s wide open.
I don’t. I want more miniature Davantes
Davante is the NFL MVP, in my opinion.
Davante Davante’d.
Why is everyone acting shocked that Rodgers missed a deep ball? He’s hit like 2 all year.
Refs showing up big in crunch time. Just what everyone tunes in to see.
He’s missed at least 10 wide open deep shots this year. It’s fucking bad.
At least we can all root for that sweet sweet draft pick now.
When you overthrow every single deep ball you’ve thrown this season you’re not taking chances. You’re being overly safe. He’s playing like a bitch.
Graham can go. Fucking waste.
He sucked too. Get rid of everything that sucks. That’s a lot of stuff.
Wow Rodgers is bad.
This franchise has failed Rodgers so miserably it’s heartbreaking.
Lions lost to the Bills. It could be worse I guess.
Bucks and Hockey.
Which players on our offense would start for the Rams? There’s no fucking talent, no scheme, nothing. We have Davante and a left tackle. That’s literally it. Everyone here can bang the table all they want for Aaron Jones but he hasn’t done shit in the grand scheme of things. This team has no talent. We don’t even need elite players. If you surround Rodgers with even slightly above average players we’re a super bowl contender. This franchise has failed him miserably.
This is the scenario I’ve been waiting for. Let’s tank this mother fucker hard. I want elite talent.
Should’ve handed it to Mack. Trubs sucks.
We don’t have very many good football players. Playoff teams have good players.
If you’re referring to r/nfl we’re the most hated franchise there and it’s not close. There are more NFCN flairs there then any others so we get the most hate. NFCN rivals band together to circle jerk to our misfortune. We’ve abused them so badly that it seems like they have become united. It’s cute.
Foles won Super Bowl MVP literally, not probably.
This team just plays for Foles. Hard to explain why he’s better than Wentz but it’s true.
I’d take Zeke over Gurley 10/10 times.
LA doesn’t deserve one team let alone two. What a fucking joke these fans are.
I mean, I don’t see any reason right this second to think this team is going to improve so much that they’re going to win the super bowl any time soon. We have more holes and question marks then we have building blocks. There is a ton of work that needs to be done before we’re real contenders.
Well I’ll happily take one for the team and help the 49ers bros by trading then.
Gronk, Edelman, Gordon, Hogan, White, Michel, the best pass protecting line in football statistically. Not enough weapons. Fuck right off with that.
So Brees MVP chances are about gone now, yeah? Gotta think Rivers has jumped him as Mahomes biggest contender at this point.
If my QB can be Aaron and I can have a bunch of degenerates around him who get him the rings he deserves and stop our championshipless rivals from saying we wasted his career because he ONLY has one ring, then yes.
I don’t understand how our rivals think we benefit from the refs. Since 2016 were like 3rd to last in calls against our opponents and we get absolutely bent over by dumb shit every year.
It’s fair to criticize his play this season but I’ll argue with anyone who criticizes Aaron Rodgers the person. He’s the gold standard of how to be a professional athlete and just an all around good dude.
This sounds like an ideal girlfriend to me, not a crazy one at all.
You’re telling me HaHa isn’t the second best safety in football anymore?
That’s very true. Didn’t think about that.
Who did he deserve to be in over? Gurley, Barkley or Elliott?
Oh no. I’m not respected as a true fan? I guess I’ll just stop rooting for the team I’ve rooted for for 20 years and start rooting for the Lions because I happen to live here. That’ll make em respect me!
He should be behind CMC too, IMO. NFC is just loaded at RB.
People have way overreacted to how “bad” Rodgers has been. We have a lot of issues on our team right now contributing to his dip in stats, but he’s still been pretty great. I see the argument for Wilson and maybe Goff being over him, but I don’t think it’s some criminal snub like people will say. He probably won’t play in it anyway so it won’t matter.
Bahktiari should be in over Tyron Smith. Smith has been an injury riddled turn style most of the season.
Tyron Smith has been terrible this season. It’s a shame he made it over Bahk.
It’s weird reading this considering r/nfl has told me all season he’s washed up and done at the ripe old age of 35.
I wouldn’t trade him for any receiver in the league.
You think 77 catches for 1,052 yards and 6 TDs is better than 100 catches for 1,315 yards and 12 TDs? I disagree.
This was such a good rookie class.
This would be really nice. Humphries would be a great pick up. I’d also look to draft one in the second or third round. We need more talent.
I’m sure whoever stole them *needed* those toys to be able to afford their cheap liquor and dope.
I hated the Rodgers and the Jordy Nelson picks when we made them. Glad I’m not the GM.
Said the same thing. I can’t remember Chris ever not siding with Cleen in anything. Wouldn’t have mattered what the tattoos looked like, Chris was picking Cleen. Whenever Cleen misses the mark, Chris refers to his previous tattoos as why he should stay. Cleen didn’t hit the challenge? Doesn’t matter, the tattoo looks nice. Cleen did hit the challenge but the tattoo isn’t appealing? Doesn’t matter, he hit the challenge. I’m happy for Cleen but Christians only chance was the other two picking him and I knew it from the second this season was announced.
I watch my team suck and if the 0-16 Lions and the 0-16 Browns are playing I’ll be watching that too. Don’t care, I just love football.
I’ve seen 6 of them mocked in the first round so yeah that would be pretty good.
Gina Marie doesn’t just deserve respect because she played a game (poorly, by the way). She’s a huge bitch and she needs a reality check.
We desperately need help at WR. We’re the only team in football that willingly trots out 4-6 round rookie receivers as our 2-3 option and expects them to make plays. MVS might have a bright future but I haven’t seen anything from EQSB that warrants the amount of play time he gets.
Raise your hand if you had the Chiefs and the Texans as your top 2 seeds in the AFC.
I dig Fackrell
Watch highlights of the Super Bowl where Rodgers steps up into the pocket and drives the football downfield. Then watch him now where everything is a fade away or a jump pass. Not even the same QB.
Majority of these people playing won’t matter next year. Coaching staff will be completely gone. If they can’t mentally deal with 1 losing season then they aren’t worth keeping around.
Gonna take a fucking miracle from Gutey and the front office to fix this team in one offseason. The whole roster is a hole.
Need 2 safeties, 2 edge rushers, 3 starting offensive linemen, a WR, a TE, a starting defensive linemen, a head coach and an entire coaching staff. It’s really bad.
It’s gotten so bad every time Rodgers throws an accurate pass I’m surprised.
Williams deserves some respect. Everyone else quitting and he’s playing hard. Just like Davante last year.
Just throw the fucking football dude
Holy shit Aaron I love you
So happy to see that from Aaron. All year it just felt like he was uninterested and didn’t care about the team. Good to see him step up for his guys.
Jesus Cowboys are getting put in head locks and they won’t throw a flag.
LMFAO
Davante getting that catch record today
Imagine the roster Philly could build up if they traded Wentz for a massive haul and still had Foles at QB. They’d be a super bowl contender for 7-8 years.
lol NFL rules are the biggest fucking joke
Forgot we had Jimmy
Goodell still clearly has it in for Dallas.
I honestly feel sorry for the people who think we can turn this around in one offseason.
lol wtf was that man
I don’t understand how Tonyan isn’t getting more time especially considering Jimmy Graham is Jimmy Graham.
Yeah how dare they help us get to 6 wins.
bUt WhY dOeSnT rOgErZ hAvE cOmEbAcKz!?!??! Now you know.
Refs really do ruin football man. I don’t want to benefit from the refs and I don’t want to get screwed by them. Tired of it.
Good lord can we have five fucking minutes this year to enjoy ourselves without someone crying about it?
Graham is a shell of his former self and doesn’t even deserve to come back next year and Kendricks has 19 catches the entire year and doesn’t even start. Cobb and GMO have been hurt the entire year. Our line is down 3 starters and has been a revolving door of injuries all season. Only 3 teams have given up more sacks and that doesn’t include Rodgers smashing the throw away record because the line doesn’t give him any time in the pocket. I realize this is the Lions sub but that was so far of a reach I had to comment.
Why did the Seahawks draft Penny? This dude is good.
Rodgers also threw 45 touchdowns and 6 interceptions that year. Brees isn’t close to that. It’s not a similar situation at all.
I’d give up one of our firsts for Hill in a heart beat. But the Chiefs would never do this. They are all too young and too talented. Just draft defense and utilize free agency and they have everything they need to compete for Super Bowls for the next couple of years.
Fail Mary can fuck off already, but every time we play Seattle I have to relive it.
I hate Seattle so much...
And Rodgers sat the final game where Matt Flynn was able to throw 6 touchdowns.
So the Chiefs don’t struggle without Mahomes? Last years team has nothing to do with this years team. Brees has thrown 3 touchdowns in the last month and his teams 3-1 in that span, and the only game they lost their defense gave up 13 points. Mahomes has lost 4 games this year throwing 6, 4, 3, and 2 TDs. Tell me which team is better again? If Mahomes throws 3 touchdowns in a month they go 0-4. It’s not even debatable.
And he went 7-9. If he led his team to the #1 seed he would’ve won MVP. But he didn’t, and Mahomes did, and that’s why he’s going to win MVP.
Norman’s lucky he acted like that toward Lewan on a football field and not in the street or that would’ve ended badly for him.
He sucks and everyone hates him but Clay Matthews is in more commercials then anyone on your list.
Mahomes has 48 touchdown passes. Brees has 32. Brees has thrown 3 touchdowns in the last month and his team still went 3-1. I really don’t even see how this is a debate.
Oh man I loved those little burger eating cats.
I’m a Montreal Canadian fan. When we had PK Subban, he was by far my favorite player in the league, and I remember some of the nasty names Bruins fans called him. I hate Boston sports fans. Absolute scum of the earth.
I’d go Adams for now. He’s an all pro and he’s gonna be around a while. I’m sure Alexander is going to be the GOAT DB and a first ballot HOFer and multiple super bowl champion too but Adams is that dude right now. Especially considering how hard he worked to get where he is, he deserves everyone wearing his number.
Every fucking comment Jesus.
I did and I came away feeling indifferent.
It was a nice catch though.
I hate the Saints because I don’t think Brees is as good as Aaron at the peak of their powers and when I constantly read people saying he’s better it makes me root against them. I don’t think the Saints have ever significantly hurt the Packers in any way since I’ve been a football fan. I just don’t like Brees. And it’s stupid because I know he’s great too but I hate him anyway. I hate half of the AFC because their jerseys are ugly.
The AFC is tough all the way down to like the 8 seed. It’s wide open. Plus Mahomes has maybe the best or second best team in the conference in his own division.
Janis and Abbrederis were our starting receivers in the playoffs too. Rodgers was playing out of his mind.
I don’t like PoE. I feel like I’m the only person in the world who would rather play Diablo.
I’m the opposite. I hope Foles throws for 500 yards and 6 TDs and leads them deep into the playoffs because my season was miserable and I want to shit post more.
Brees has thrown 3 TDs in a month and Mahomes volume stats are obliterating Brees’. This race should be over.
This isn’t true at all. In 2011 Rodgers had 45 TDs and 6 INTs and sat out a game where his back up dropped 6 TD passes. Mahomes volume stats far outweigh Drew’s efficiency this year, whereas when Rodgers beat Brees, Drew had one more TD pass and Rodgers efficiency blew Brees away. It’s not even remotely the same thing. 1 more TD pass =/= 17 more TD passes
I wouldn’t hand the ball to Abdullah or Joique Bell either. It’s not like your GM gave him any real options to work with.
How is that Caldwell’s fault like you just argued? Maybe they’re just not very good. Maybe your offensive line coach sucked. There are a lot of variables. You can’t just say “ahh Caldwell sucks because Stafford got sacked.” Because look at the team now. Your team has completely crippled Stafford by forcing the short passing game on him because your offensive line can’t protect him. So last year it’s Caldwell’s fault but this year the line just isn’t good?
This would be pretty damn nice really.
Caldwell didn’t get Jerome Bettis, Faulk or Edgerrin James to work with. He got the great Vic Ballard and Donald Brown. How long did they last in the league? I get it. His running games haven’t been great. But it’s not like he’s been holding back Zeke or Saquon types of talent. They just haven’t had any.
I do not like that Mark Murphy is turning himself into our teams Jerry Jones. That’s not to say that I wouldn’t like this hire, I just don’t like how often his name is coming up all of the sudden. Let Gutey do the search and let him pick the most qualified man for the job, not the guy with the most connections to Mark Murphy.
If the Steelers were stupid enough to fire Tomlin he’ll be unemployed for all of 5 minutes. He’d be number 1 on probably everyone’s list.
Really he just had a huge arm. He was not smart enough to beat an NFL defense, and on top of that he was as lazy as it gets. He could’ve been the strongest armed most accurate QB ever but you can win if you’re stupid.
I don't really get why they're firing Gase. They don't have a whole lot of talent on offense and they've been okay. He's made Osweiler play okay and Tannehill is hurt every other week.
Titans can’t count on this guy. Probably time to move on.
And he’s just not that good. If I’m drafting a franchise QB 2nd overall I want more than 24 TDs over 2 seasons. That’s pathetic.
Ah yes the freshest new balance kicks
Does this mean I have to pay even more money to watch football now?
This game gonna expose how pathetic we are at WR without Tae. Detroit’s secondary is absolute trash and we won’t get open. I just wanted to watch Tae play one more time.
I love Brown
I really don’t even care if they bring Pettine back. I want to forget everything about this season.
Guteys first draft looking pretty bad so far.
Lions offense has been fucking abysmal the last 8 weeks but don’t you worry come on up to Lambeau and we’ll fix that for ya.
That’s the entire team injured. This franchise sold its soul for that super bowl.
So the draft class is good because reddit nerds said Jackson would take time and the rookie receivers caught some passes. Cool.
Yep. Throw Rodgers is so he can get another concussion. This team is going to go back to being an absolute dumpster fire as soon as he retires.
Because this franchise let Rodgers strong arm it and he got hurt.
It’s sad that you’ll still finish in last but we can’t beat you.
THAT TACKLE LMFAO
10 million
I’ve never made millions of dollars either.
KING KIZER
Can’t wait to be called a bad fan for being upset by this performance in the post game thread.
Yep
Probably Clays final impact as a Packer
MVS gotten overthrown on deep balls all season.
KING KIZER
Morrison playing hard still. Appreciate that. Fuck the rest of em.
We want Atlanta to win?
Yeah only real fans are okay with this performance.
Don’t know why you’re posting here. Stafford will never even win a playoff game my dude.
So you haven’t watched Michigan this year then, I see.
My biggest fan.
Wow!
dReW bReEs Is ThE mVp
It’s not even close. Adams was far and away our best player this season. If Rodgers was playing like his 2011 self Adams would’ve broke league records.
You mean like how you guys were last year?
Every time Scott signs off for the year I feel sad. Red zone has made football so much more fun.
Would’ve won last years too if Goodell didn’t suspend him for being proven innocent.
Good for him. Hope he does well.
What the hell is goin on up there
r/nfl still pretends he isn’t good.
R Kelly
He doesn’t want to deal with Kirks shit anymore.
Wow this guy really fucked his career up.
Baker Mayfield threw 3 more touchdowns this year than Mariota has in the last 2 seasons combined. That is what a franchise QB does.
No man fuck off we’re hiring your mom
I’m happy for Cleveland. They deserve Baker after having to put up with the Browns and Lebron taking two giant shits on their city. Hope he brings them a championship.
I wonder how the reddit nerds would have acted when Bill became the head coach of the Patriots after a failed stay in Cleveland and pulling out of the Jets job.
QBR is stupid but Trubs is a nice QB.
Vikings would have if they didn’t call Clay for “roughing the passer.”
Pretty soon the whole league will just be Andy Reid and Bill Belichick assistants.
The best 5 of the decade no doubt about it.
Take the team out to a nice steak dinner and then deposit the rest into that bank account.
And they’ve been in every game with the best teams in football right down to the end. 50 point shoot out with the Rams in one of the best games I’ve ever seen. Lost on a final second 2 or conversion to the Chargers. Another classic shootout with the Pats. They can hang in with anyone.
LOL Packers dumb franchise don’t know what they’re doing they’re in for a world of hurt better have a replacement plan this guys immature and he failed as a HC a decade ago. There, saved you the keystrokes r/nfl
Holy shit they did it.
Don’t fucking do this to the Bengals. Come on, God.
All of this Rodgers support makes me feel weird. Thank you r/nfl, but I don’t trust you. Lol
Lawrence is the better player. Elite pass rusher and just as good against the run. Give me Lawrence.
8,400 yards 60 TDS and 19 INTs in the past 2 seasons, 24-7 record, and a super bowl appearance are all facts. You want to discredit it because, like everyone else, Bill Belichick out coached everyone. Just seems pretty ridiculous to me.
I like this idea too.
Meanwhile Zeke bumped a dude and he’s been suspended until 2027.
Jeff is one of my all-time faves despite r/bigbrother’s hate boner, but this was so unnecessary. I didn’t need an announcement that there’s an announcement that you’re coming back to make announcements.
Why does ED not understand that grown ass adults shouldn’t act like middle school kids and arrange fights in the parking lot after class? Guys an idiot.
Most fun I’ve ever had during a BB season. Fighting the good fight for the ballsmashers on the internet was a blast.
Gonna be a great one
Come on now with these injuries
Detroit’s always the best team in football from after free agency until the beginning of October. Then reality kicks in.
Just turn on notifications for his tweets for the rest of the day.
1 hour away from reveal and no spoilers. I'm seriously impressed. Makes this all much more exciting.
Like her. BB fan and doesn’t care what people think about her.
People can’t say or do anything anymore without social media trying to ruin their lives. Probably why the majority of these casts are recruits. No one wants to risk saying something completely innocent and having PC America turn it around on them and getting them fired from their job.
Next time they want to cast Kaitlyn just bring back Kaitlyn. I don’t think anyone would have a problem watching Kaitlyn fuck shit up pre-jury again.
Swaggy C shade. +1
Less stupid Winston.
Yeah I’m surprised they’re falling for this again. Dude is literally Winston cloned.
Finally someone who stands out. Like this dude.
Like Nick and was ready to flair but he blew it with the lose and be loved.
Yep that question is important. I’m not rooting for someone who only cares about their IG followers and being famous. I’m rooting for someone who is gonna do what they gotta do to win.
Ovi Analyse showmance you heard it here first
No one is sticking out for me so far. Need my Vanessa.
This seasons Kaitlyn
Jack is BBOTT’s Shane and BB15 Jeremy’s love child.
Jeff played one of my personal favorite games his first go around.
First dud, IMO
HOLLY IS FROM WYOMING
And she’d rather lose and be loved? Dead. Ass. Last.
I don’t get the Isabella hype at all lol. Seems extremely basic to me.
BB 19 everyone wanted to be loved. BB 20 almost everyone wanted to win.
First person that comes out and says they hate dogs gets my flair bet.
Nicole
Charismatic Chicken George
Lol Cliff has won every season since 8.
He’s the exact opposite of what I expected him to be
Didn’t they just trade this guy?
All she. 💕 Had to do.👠 Was write it.👙 Like this. 🦒 And it would be. 🏓 Every insta bio.💍
Lol stop you know better than that
Absolutely no. Bad teams like the 0-16 Lions or Browns needed that pick more than anyone and to lose out in franchise saving quarterbacks because of some ping pong ball luck would be devastating.
That wasn’t Rodgers best season either though.
Lions are legit playoff contenders and dark horses to take the division every year March through October.
The greatest player in Vikings history has cheese running through his veins and he had to drive that dagger into their horn blowing hearts one last time.
Did my post have an audible tone that was offensive? Not really sure “how” I said it, other than just stating a fact.
No is that it? I was ready to give up my life for this.
Absolute worst
Rodgers holds the ball way too long plus all of McCarthys routes were slow developing. Recipe for disaster and that’s what we got.
I mean, it’s not like our defense held our opponent to 3 points though. Rodgers was an absolute machine in that super bowl.
What? Lol. Emmitt might be the toughest running back I’ve ever watched. Dude carried the Cowboys with a ruined shoulder. What a stupid post.
He nominated the other 3 who campaigned for camp director and the girl who didn’t even bother talking to him because he didn’t do anything for her. But let’s play pretend instead.
Black guy being out first is not a thing.
I get so tired of people discrediting Emmitt. But to actually read someone say he was “finesse” and “soft” is mind boggling. I know for a 100% fact that person never watched him play.
Feel like all of those CW shows have terrible ratings. That’s pretty bad though.
You’re telling me the little white dudes aren’t always open 3 yards down the field? Bullshit.
Who are the favorites so far this season? Haven't paid too much attention to the feeds yet.
Anyone who follows football closely, considering Cowboys and all.
Something big is coming.
What in the actual fuck
Disagree. Doink Doink was magical.
No it’s the same game every year.
We went 15-1 and were sitting starters coming out of half because we were beating teams so bad.
That’s fair really. Your edit is true though, I’m a bit salty. Z was the heart and sole of our team and won the division for us against minnesota. I’d follow that man into a fire.
In my opinion, Zadarius Smith.
He looks fine what are you even talking about
Brady doesn’t even have to do anything lol
How about that third down 5 minutes ago thrown 5 yards behind the receiver.
LMFAO
Yes we’re gonna enjoy tonight we’ve had to deal with your shit for 20 years. Suck it up for an hour.
Go NFL!
Thielen is garbage lol
Thielen a one hit wonder
This is getting embarrassing now for everyone involved.
Lmfao. At being a side kick, sure.
He’s explosive as hell but he’s not a lead back. He’s an unreal weapon though.
Kirk is extra squeaky today lmfao
Vikings gotta Vike
Thomas carrying Brees
Teams have their own lingos. I remember the 90’s cowboys calling it the green zone.
Kamara is super overrated.
Saints going to court over another missed call.
Wow! That was a beauty.
I’ve lived this nightmare many times, none worse than the 15-1 juggernaut season.
Vikings 200% gonna choke this. This is what they do. This is what they are.
Pretty wild I’m talking about the Vikings in the Vikings playoff game thread and not the Packers when the Packers aren’t playing.
There he is still begging Jerry for his job.
Gotta force Diggs the ball so he doesn’t throw his helmet at Kirk.
Yeah this really has been pretty awesome.
They gaggin
Vikings playing prevent. Lmfao
Minneapolis Miracle pt 2
You knew the kick off then take a knee. Just Vikings things.
Wow respect Kirk. For real.
Damn way to go Kirk. Monkey off the back kind of moment there.
r/nfl’s GOAT
Brees played like garbage and the Vikings out classed the Saints. Vikings were getting boned by the refs quite a bit in that game.
We shot ourselves in the foot with all the turnovers and short fields we gave them. We’re a much better team than the Eagles.
r/nfl will all of the sudden pretend he was the best of his era and he will become their goat too.
He hasn’t had a 4,500 yard season in 6 years and he’s missed 27 games in his career. Weird post. But your point is still valid. He could very easily be close to the tops in volume stats without winning anything or ever being considered a top 5 QB at any point. Just shows how useless volume stats and box scores are.
Here comes Foles to save the day!
Lol Diggs is twice the diva as OBJ.
Jesus man lmfao
Big facts.
And bends that Viking ass over and goes in raw no lube.
Why don’t we read about Payton wasting Brees career like we read all about how Mike “wasted” Aaron’s?
King. Alexander gonna have to go with Lockett.
So many ass holes in one picture.
He was also never the best QB in the league in any single season he’s ever played, but we gotta pretend he’s the GOAT? Nah. Rodgers more MVPs, more all-pros, significantly better win percentage, higher TD%, lower INT%, highest TD/INT ratio by a wide margin, better QB rating, more playoff wins, more NFCCG appearances, and his peak season shits on Brees’. Not to mention Rodgers can create outside the pocket and is able to move. But yes, Brees threw a fuck ton while playing on some really bad teams to stay in games and racked up a shit load of yards. There’s my foundation to stand on. [Blew dat](https://i.imgur.com/VpKMbrZ_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&amp;shape=thumb&amp;fidelity=medium)
You’ll be happy, Dallas. He’s a good coach and a good dude. Curious to see what he does with your staff.
I think he’s the best and most qualified candidate by quite a bit. McCarthy isn’t going to have this team floating at 8-8 anymore. If he gets the right DC in there Dallas is gonna be a tough team next year.
We played in 2 NFCCG’s, one with an absolute train wreck of a roster. McCarthy is a really good coach.
Ok this one is pretty good lol
Peterson didn’t have an island.
I wish things turned out differently because there isn’t a better guy to lead your football team. It got stale and it was time to move on and I’m thrilled with how everything turned out, but I’m excited for Mike and I hope he is successful. My family are all cowboys fans so I’d be lying if I said I didn’t cheer for them to do well as long as it didn’t hurt the Packers. So this is kinda surreal for me to watch Mike back on the sideline for a team I watch every weekend.
Where can I buy a copy of this for my den?
I don’t want Tony to MNF. He always calls the best CBS games and that’s where he should be. Half of the MNF matchups end up being garbage. Romo needs to be calling meaningful games.
It won’t be a biggest story because he’s 42 and people expect him to retire at some point in the not so distant future. Luck was 29 and retired out of no where 3 weeks before the season started.
Jesus Mike if ya did this in Green Bay maybe you’d still be here!
Take my back
This has Russell ripping my soul out again written all over it.
Any mock that has us picking LB and WR in the first two rounds is insta-upvote.
Thielen is garbage lol
Lol stop you know better
I love the double dip in weapons for the Packers. We’ve invested in defense for so long that I think it’s time we focus heavily on our skills positions.
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/aaron-rodgers-drawing
Jesus Andy is cursed man..
Beats having to be coached by Garrett.
There’s gonna be some fuckin morons on here tonight blaming Mahomes if they lose.
For fucks sake with the race baiting. Can’t even talk about a football game without being called a racist anymore.
Are we finally waking up?!?!
Our ball!
That’s our ball!!
LMFAO SNUBBED
I’d die for this man
Massive block!
Refs gonna go out of their way today to fuck us.
Got them a flag there too just in case.
Best in the game don’t even get me started.
What is he supposed to do jump over him? Fuck
Jesus I forgot that was a pass and starting having a heart attack
That’s super close. Can’t over turn it.
You mean like the no clear recovery call? Sit down nerd.
What’s funny? What did Mack do better than Z this year? Enlighten me.
Lmfao. “Rig it to get the Packers out NFL!”
Fucking dirty ass tackle. Piece of shit.
There’s a man that deserves to be a pro football hall of gamer, no doubt.
Really cool moment for us to actually get to see something like that.
Yeah I don’t really see the problem
Burr durr Rodgers is dun durr
I’m rooting for it
Defense is completely folding.
This fourth quarter obnoxiously long commercial should give the defense enough time to catch their breath.
Collapse, injuries, shit the bed. Here’s the Packers I know.
This is a fucking joke.
How many fucking free agents, first round picks, coaches, opportunities is it going to take for this defense to finally not collapse man?
Fucking finish them I can’t take this
What a throw man
Yep
ADDITIONAL FOOTAGE FUCK YOU NFL
And Sullivan clearly recovered it.
Any given Sunday.
Should’ve been a Packer. Ted fucked this one up.
We’re more talented and we’re not on our 7th string at 14 different positions because of injuries.
No that was the additional footage.
In that one moment, all the derpy shit he’s done was forgiven. Jimmy saved us.
Honestly wouldn’t surprise me, but any given Sunday.
And now he’ll be playing in his 4th.
Well would ya look at that. Looks like we’re the only team that got boned today. [Not clear and obvious](https://streamable.com/zpahk)
Man football started 2 years ago this is crazy.
Mahomes isn’t knocking on any doors lol. He’s played 2 years. He has a long LONG way to go before he’s anywhere near the all-time greats.
Demarcus Ware, Steven Jackson, Vince Young. My dad is a cowboys fan so I’ve seen every cowboys game since the late 90’s. Demarcus Ware is the best edge rusher I’ve seen in 20 years. Dude dominated everybody with Dallas. Was thrilled he got a ring. Steven Jackson is my all-time favorite running back. Dude could’ve been so much more if he wasn’t stuck on some of those bad Rams teams. VY will always have a special place for me because of the Texas-USC showdown. Disappointed his career didn’t turn out the way I’d hoped but I loved rooting for that dude.
First list I’ve seen with MLF and even though you’re just a random dude on the internet it put a smile on my face. God damn Matt LaFleur man. What a beauty.
This is hilarious lol
[Same old Jay](https://youtu.be/xU9Ke3uFP8w)
I saw the thread on r/nfl and I knew without a doubt this would be the top post before I even opened it.
Snubbed.
This man is doing mental gymnastics to not give the coach any credit.
It’s disappointing the media and fans paint him in such a bad light. He’s one of the real good guys in the league.
This is basically where I’m at this year. Obviously want the Pack but I’m happy for any of the 4 teams.
That’s fucking awful
Yep we’re getting beat down.
This guy knows what’s uo
WHO NEEDS BOSA WHEN YOU HAVE FACKRELL
Man some of you act like football started 2 years ago. I forget I’m posting with children.
Half of his game anymore is gimmicky ref shit.
It’s not Mikes fault Rodgers is disappearing against a great defense again.
Our team looks defeated. Fuckin soft.
I’m tired of this every fucking time we make the playoffs. It’s always some huge fucking choke job and it’s tired.
u/Jedi-Master-Kenobi legit inboxing me right now lmfao. Dudes the creepiest mother fucker on reddit.
Overreactions? Good lord our seasons ending in horrific fashion and people still can’t be upset?
I’m thankful for Rodgers and he has been my second favorite player of all time, but it’s time to start looking.
It MLF fires Pettine then he should resign himself, because this is pretty pathetic on his part too.
I don’t know when but Rodgers personality has changed into pretty much Cutler’s. Just seems like he doesn’t give a shit. Imagine it’s gotta be hard for the team to gain any confidence when their HOF “leader” sulks on the sideline for 2 hours.
Come on D we need a turnover so bad
God awful defense, players dropping like flies. Now this is Packer football.
Wade Phillips?
Actually probably gonna be pretty damn good
You need to see the bigger picture. The likelihood of us getting 13 wins and being almost completely healthy is slim-to-none. This was the window.
No Rodgers criticism guys! He’s immune!
They didn’t tho
Saints shit the bed at home first round. We weren’t robbed of anything.
He’s leading.
I’m puzzled as to why we gave Lowry an extension. Don’t think I’ve heard his name but twice this season.
Always love the Packers. I’m not mad, I’m just disappointed. Go Pack Go
I’m not mad, I’m just disappointed. Go Pack Go.
He needs to play more like Stafford in big games.
Eh, same player. Trubs has at least won the division though, so I guess that’s a upgrade.
What did Rodgers do in the game after the NFCCG?
One too many.
I think next draft is the one to invest a high draft pick on a QB. I wouldn’t be opposed to giving up quite a bit if we could get up near the top of the draft if the right guy presents himself. I hope this season Gutey invests heavily in the skill positions, draft and free agency. Get Rodgers the pieces around him he needs to compete for championships for another 2-3 years and next year begin grooming the heir.
Our offense is atrocious at the skill positions. Legit might be the worst group in the league other than the Patriots. We have Adams and Jones. That’s literally it. Rodgers doesn’t get a pass on r/nfl for having to play with practice squad receivers and a corpse for a tight end. He’s held to a different standard because he’s proven himself throughout his career to be better than everyone else. Now that he might be slowing down a bit, he needs some help. It is what it is.
Take away Davante Adams (which teams do their best to do) and what do you have to throw to? Clearly you think having a good offensive line means you can stand in the pocket for 10 seconds and wait until your division 3 practice squad receivers shake their man, but that’s not how the NFL works. Which one of these receivers start on more than 5 NFL teams? MVS, Lazard, Kumerow, Allison? I’ll wait.
Titans was fun. Not blowing the lead against the Seahawks again was great for me, Seeing Pat get into his first super bowl is pretty cool too.
I’ll still take Julio.
It’s over..
So then which is it? Is Rodgers done? Is MLF dumb? Does our defense suck? Somehow we went 13-3 and went to the NFCCG but everyone has a hot take.
Dude gives back to his community and r/nfl’s keyboard warriors shit on him.
I’m probably in the minority but I think Cousins is better than Stafford. Don’t think either are particularly great but I’ve never seen a QB hyped off of one season a decade ago like Stafford has been. He hasn’t led Detroit to anything ever, he doesn’t win, he doesn’t do much.
JuJu is a good dude. Now we await AB's psychotic twitter response. See you all in the inevitable thread.
Man all the shit Rodgers gets in the media is so stupid. This is who he is and who he has always been. Constantly giving back to the community and being a good dude. So proud he’s our QB.
Drew Brees is frantically scribbling his excuse on a napkin right now.
Up until the last 2 seasons when he’s had 1 weapon, he’s always been better.
They did. Anything else to add?
Dak better than Wentz everywhere ya look.
Stafford poised for that first playoff win for over a decade.
The homer in you has us losing 6 games? One question. How dare you?
So did we New Orleans.
This is a top notch one for me. Both great players who deserve to play again.
Beanie Wells would be proud.
