Shepard Smith is not going rogue, Shepard Smith is playing his part. He's the guy they give one hour a day to pretend like an objective journalist so they can fill the rest of their network with agitprop while still pretending to be news. He is Fox's journalistic beard. And he is aware of the deal.
He's Jamie Foxx but also really smart.
There's more than enough room in the market for both, and cannabis consumers tend to value artisanal products more anyway. I'm not real worried about it.
I have the same couch and my cat loves to snooze in the same place.
Also, it's an investment denominated in Swiss francs. If you want to bet that the franc will appreciate relative to whatever your home currency is, buying a swiss government bond is one way to do that.
Refs are supposed to signal a three ball but neither of them did so I'm sure they were like hey, what the fuck just happened?
You mean North Vietnam.
It turns out the president doesn't, in fact, have unilateral authority to order a launch. The people in between him and the nukes have to agree that it's a reasonable thing to do. Makes me sleep a little better.
Living on the dole in a country you don't understand surrounded by people that don't care for you isn't the wonderland that some people think, and when you're used to sunny skies and 30 degree weather Germany can be a massive bummer.
Using back of the envelope math, I estimate that German New Year's Eve celebrations releases roughly 2 million kilograms of CO2, while if every Bundesliga away team flies to their opponent, the team's flights ALONE release 4.7 million kilograms of CO2. In other words, if you don't like New Year's Eve that's fine, but given that the Bundesliga pays your salary, maybe shut the fuck up. Sources: http://www.dw.com/en/new-years-eve-are-fireworks-harming-the-environment/a-41957523 http://blueskymodel.org/air-mile
Denmark very much guarantees Greek debts, since they are part of the European Commission and the IMF which are two thirds of the troika.
All you need to do is protest against Putin and if you can make it out of the country alive you're a shoe-in for political asylum. However that doesn't count because the weather in Germany beats the shit out of Russia.
Good point.
It's funny, he can basically write anything he wants in the book because the administration is so stuffed with pathological liars that any denial will have no credibility.
They can chill the growth of the industry...but all that means is a bunch of very wealthy businesses with a shit ton of employees are gonna phone up their congressman and say deal with this shit please so I can create some jerbs.
Indeed. Who would have thought that lying about everything all the time might have negative repercussions?
Holy shit, the fabled "bipartistan issue" has finally arrived and it's fucking legal weed. 2018 is lit.
I'm seriously about to buy seven copies for every one of my friends.
Irrelevant whether it was his plan or not, it was the fact of the matter.
Apparently they want to do both big games and littler ones simultaneously.
Kneeling has nothing to do with the troops. Also, I refused to stand for the flag in 2004 due to the insane and criminal iraq war and nobody said dick to me but then again I'm white LOL.
Red cabbage for sure, onions, don't skimp on the tomato and cucumber, spicy sauce.
&gt; It's still a crime. Nothing makes it a good thing. &gt; &gt; You put those together like they're connected statements but they're independent, and actually have nothing to do with another. The first is incontrovertibly true. The second is not. Getting something I need that I otherwise could not afford could be a good thing. Harming a company that has shitty business practices could be another good thing. Taking what I steal and giving it to someone needier than myself could be a good thing. Or are you the type of person that watched Robin Hood and roots for the Sheriff of Nottingham? Stealing is obviously a good thing SOMETIMES. It all depends who you're stealing from, what you're stealing, and why you're stealing it. I'm mostly just playing devil's advocate but "stealing is always wrong" seems like such an obviously dumb statement I feel compelled to push back.
Doener is mixed with breadcrumbs usually as well, and I would wager McDonalds burger meat is leaner. The yoghurt sauce basically always has sugar in it as well. I think this is a reasonably good measurement of the nutritional content of a doener: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1129309/Just-doner-kebab-contains-entire-days-calorie-allowance.html Whereas a double quarter pounder is about a quarter fewer calories, less sodium, etc. https://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en-us/product/double-quarter-pounder-with-cheese.html A doener definitely has more veggies but it's not like the veggies cancel out all the bad shit. I love a good doener but let's not delude ourselves.
&gt; Stocks constantly rise in value. That's what they do. If they hold stagnant or go down, people wouldn't invest and that would be bad. &gt; Oh JESUS god help me this is so wrong.
Trump may be a material witness in other criminal proceedings. You can refuse to testify against yourself but you can be made to answer questions about other people.
That's nonsense. Legalization now has bipartisan support in Congress. Activism will work and victory is nearer than you think.
This would be a welcome step into the 20th century.
&gt; he's very rich and that kinda flies in the face of socialist economic principles. He's not "very rich". We've seen his tax returns. He makes a low six-figure income. Given that he's a Senator...that's called his salary. By the way, being a democratic socialist does not mean you can never have any money. You think Sweden has no millionaires?
This won't move the needle at all. Just more of Trump "telling it like it is".
Frustwutdepressionen.
It's not only federal law. Local policing is enforcing state laws. Once those laws go off the books, so does the state and local enforcement. Unless the FBI wants to start doing traffic stops they have essentially no enforcement power.
I never thought the leopard would eat MY face, says the woman who voted for the Leopards Eating People's Faces Party.
If you've never visited it is absolutely worth a trip, probably the nicest beach I've ever seen in Northern Europe!
I mean, I don't think Melania and I would get along, but she knows what she wants and she knows how to get it. Respect.
This paper actually blew my mind when I read it. Since then I'm a convert to MMT.
No worries, there is absolutely zero chance Trump will be running for re-election.
Uh there's a REPUBLICAN Senator pounding the table against Sessions's move. If all Democrats vote with him, that's a 50 50 split. One more flip anywhere and you've got the bill passed. The public is behind it and it's not a partisan issue anymore. Why is this sub so filled with pessimists? The change that's happened in the past five years is HUGE.
Yeah going to Real was not a good idea but not because he lacks talent, there just wasn't a natural space for him.
&gt; If we lift the cap on income, then we have to lift the cap on payments. Why is that exactly? I have no problem with high income earners getting it up the tailpipe to support the society that they leech off of.
That tattoo is amazing.
As goes NJ so goes NY. Once New York is gone it's game fucking over. Get your ass moving Congress.
Getting a cat is a 20 year commitment, that should be a decision a person makes for themselves. Obviously.
He was definitely caught out by the shot. So was I. So was everybody.
Target destroyed.
The most bizarre thing about Never Trumpers is how they don't seem to actually know ANYTHING about their own party. Why is it that liberals understand the GOP better than Conservative Intellectual Bill Kristol? Hell, MICHAEL MOORE said Trump was going to be president while David Frum was still unable to process the thought. How can you be intimately involved in conservative politics for DECADES and have NO FUCKING CLUE what's going on? We call the Trump diehards idiots but they seem a lot more aware of what politics in America is all about than these "educated" Republicans.
You know what's so bizarre is that I spent the vast majority of my teens on Internet message boards, not 4chan but in that same ecosystem, and I always felt like I was wasting my time in a meaningless, toxic underground subculture. I never thought for a moment that I was actually ten years ahead of the curve, but here we are. At some point the alternate reality of the internet became ACTUAL reality.
What happens when there is a terrorist attack that was directly cause by the chaotic incompetence of this administration?
Being born in a country without great record-keeping institutions would be a legitimate observation, but Lukaku was born in Belgium so that's not really relevant. It's a common complaint in youth sports. I played baseball in white-as-snow southern Indiana as a kid, and we would play teams from very rural counties where all the kids were fucking gigantic and they would just stomp us. Most people figured the officials in those leagues were looking the other way as far as birth certificates go. So it doesn't HAVE TO BE about race. Though in this case it probably is.
Not very much, I'll be honest. I expect it makes a big difference whether one is born in a city or in the sticks, as well. I'm not even trying to say that people are lying. There are plenty of people in the world today who might simply not know exactly when they were born. That was certainly the case for almost all of the world for almost all of history. Precise record keeping of live births is pretty recent.
UBI isnt just direct cash transfers, which I fully support, btw.
Bipartisan agreement on weed. What a world.
We know Mueller has had Trump org bank records for months and months. Even Steve Bannon sees the writing on the wall.
It's a little unfair to fire a person for the same reason you hired them in the first place.
While that could be true in principle, an examination of the actual history of recent politics would show any dispassionate observer that the problem with American politics is the Republican Party. There IS such a thing as history...it's not even that hard to find. You might notice that Republicans don't ever talk about recent history.
Shit you're right. I thought California had over 50 million by now. Get your shit together Golden State.
Aaaand they were black. Because of course they were. But yeah, Colin Kaepernick is way out of line.
Dat gape.
But there is Chuck Berry, which the Beatles would say has more cosmic importance.
Citizens United has been such a total fucking disaster for American politics. It's really hard to imagine a way to fix government in a world where money is totally unlimited.
&gt; It's the retailers that take the ridiculous margins and doesn't really help Nvidia. Relationships between manufacturers and retailers are a lot more complicated than that.
It's a tragedy of the commons of course, each person acting rationally destroys the common resource, which is the goodwill in the second group to provide the help in the first place. I wish everyone would agree that mass refugees are a result of war and war, being what it is, creates problems that have NO good solutions. There's bad and there's worse. This is why wars should be avoided at all costs and ended as soon as possible.
In some states it's a mandatory part of car insurance.
In some states it's a mandatory part of car insurance.
It doesn't really "mitigate the effects" though, it just spreads them around.
The problem is that the SPD signed its name to some of the most traumatic "pro-market" reforms of the past generation so nobody trusts them anymore. It's like how Clinton could propose free college and everyone just rolled their eyes because of welfare reform. They have no credibility with the voters whose interests they supposedly represent.
It was tongue in cheek. Actually the Trump shit started as tongue in cheek but nobody remembers that.
The AfD could have 25 percent right now if they hadn't elevated a bunch of incompetent neo-Nazis to key leadership roles. Their platform on paper is pretty reasonable. The problem is the actual people that make up the leadership are either reprehensible scum or Swiss (somehow).
Oh man FUCK Jens Spahn. His biggest priority is getting people to speak less English.
Monarchies split the role of head of state and head of government, which is probably for the best. Also no major European state has a real monarchy anyway, a queen with no power is just a puppet, hardly the legitimate sovereign and seat of legitimate right to use of force.
This is the key here. The process was clearly crooked and because Trump's appointees are all idiots they fucked up the heist. These rules are being challenged in court and it's pretty likely they'll be struck down.
You'll notice, however, that your use of the word "U.S." obscures the fact that in the meantime political power has changed hands to an administration whose entire reason for being is to do the opposite of whatever the previous one did. Democracy is messy and different administrations have different policies. Nobody should be shocked that the Trump admin would let Turkey do whatever the fuck they want, he literally let Erdogan goons kick the shit out of protesters ON US SOIL consequence-free.
Yeah except they like bin Laden-style terrorism.
All this does is raise prices for panels which hurts the US solar industry. It won't spur investment because everyone knows this is temporary, it won't make US panels suddenly competitive on the global market...all it does is fuck solar, which I'm sure is mostly the point.
Plus it lets them gin up toothless outrage against the judicial activists that keep making them respect things like religious freedom and voting rights.
So "stealing" requires no mens rea?
Seems like a great way to fuck with someone. Slip something in their purse, watch them get arrested when they try to leave.
I doubt that was the "richest neighborhood he could afford". You might choose to live among relatively normal people to give your kids a decent, stable upbringing.
Yeah all these people seeing the value of bitcoin explode and saying "this PROVES fiat currency is dying", no you douche it proves bitcoin is a horrible currency.
I think everyone knows that Trump appointed Pai, shitbag Republicans confirmed Pai...Pai is an amoral hitman doing the job he was hired to do, NOBODY is going to forget who paid him.
If they're actors they are DAMN good actors.
It's interesting how often capitalism resembles two mob families in a turf war.
90 percent of modelling is lighting. I can look like a Calvin Klein model or a sleep deprived Louis CK based solely on how I'm lit.
So could he take off like that too?
I don't know anything about MMA but Smith absolutely baited Sell into that. I'm sure the pain was real and he used it to make Sell forget his discipline. Clever girl.
Yep. When you elect a president, you elect their appointees. Furthermore, Cotton and Miller are dead-center Trump voters on every issue across the board. They have more political legitimacy than President Stupid, honestly.
Sure. I guess the question is, can he make more money with it as a private business controlled by oligarchs that pay him a 50 percent cut or leaning on black-market sellers that might be trying to screw him? If I were dictator, I'd turn the engine of the state onto the task of making the trade legible so I could be sure that my erstwhile business partners weren't screwing me out of my take. All I'm saying, Putin being against it isn't a given.
Yeah, and I also know it's harder to underreport earnings when every transaction has a paper trail. I'm sure Putin gets payoffs from drug sales, but if I were him I'd bring it into the light so he can make sure he's getting every cent he's entitled to.
The Battle of Britain was shot in the 60s, I'm sure they had a much wider selection of Spitfires. Also a shitty boring movie.
How the fuck do you not TEST IT before you do it for youtube views?
What's even more hilarious is that her "Hitler youth haircut" is sported by about 35 percent of the male German population right now, including pretty much every Turk.
Except for John's "Can't get no worse", which apparently he just threw in spontaneously the first time Paul played the song for him (if I remember the story right).
Something like half the country has German ancestry.
In the US calling someone a name isn't slander. The bar for what's considered slander is much higher, to the point that translating "üble Nachrede" as "slander" is kind of misleading. Calling someone an asshole to their face is technically against the law in Germany, and definitely not in the US. Also, I would add that to an American, "Nazi" isn't a specific accusation, it's an all-purpose insult.
Seems like they charged him for public intox cause they couldn't charge him with murder.
Now I'm regretting not appending my joke with an explanation that it was a joke. As the Germans would say, "Nur ein Witz".
Why on earth would Kimmel have her on RIGHT AFTER the State of the Union to NOT talk about Trump?
"Lot had a threesome with his two DAUGHTERS, and Trump only fucked a woman that he said LOOKED like his daughter. And it wasn't a threesome. Trump has never fucked his daughter (as far as we know)."
Of all the horrible things Trump has done, this doesn't even make the top 1000.
Yep but that's a REALLY poorly done one. To be honest, not everyone can pull it off and a lot of guys wear one that really shouldn't. But that's the idea. It's trendy and it looks pretty solid. In five years I bet it will look dated and awful but you can't call people who have their hair cut like that Nazis.
I really hope that when the final history is written, that we understand that Donald Trump is something that was done TO the United States, not something we did to ourselves. His presidency itself was an attack on the US on par with Pearl Harbor.
Great cross, mostly by recognition by Rakitic and Messi of the space that was being offered. Also, hit the inside half of the post and very nearly bounced off the keeper into the goal. Not all woodwork hits are created equal, and this was a VERY dangerous shot. Fuckin' Messi man.
America is not a first world country. It is a first world country and a third world country glued together.
Honestly there are some office parks in St Petersburg running state sanctioned ransomware operations that have earned a tomahawk or twelve but that is probably unrealistic.
He owns the company so it seems pretty reasonable to me.
Turns out British labor is expensive as all hell. Who knew?
If you look at it in the context of the system it is derived from, it's pretty logical and works reasonably well.
My question is, why does a woman who has bee in or around politics her whole adult life not understand incredibly basic principles of campaigning?
This is an excellent, important, and terrifying reality. Russia is trying to help him cling to power RIGHT NOW.
Again, you're redefining what my position is. You don't get to do that.
&gt; prosecutors would need to show intent Which is, of course, the reason to have him in for an interview to invite him to lie about it. It would tie up the "intent" question with a nice little bow.
Trump is a cut-rate Nixon. Nixon was ruthless, inspired fear and loyalty from his followers, and ran an effective government at the same time he was orchestrating a gigantic criminal conspiracy. Trump is lazy and easily distracted, inspires derision and sabotage from his followers, and broke the law so openly and blatantly that his administration was under investigation before he was even sworn in. Trump is the Trump-branded Nixon.
That's because the USA is a first world country with a third-world country stapled to it.
I feel like I should know this by now, but does the Premier League have two cup tournaments or something? The German league cup is a big deal.
Doctors in Germany will give you a sick note for basically anything and it's legally binding. I've gone to the doctor before for something minor and he was like, do you want me to write you off sick for the week anyway? I was like bitch I'm a freelancer, if I don't work I don't get paid.
It's entry level craft. And the company as a whole is absolutely murdering with its cider/shandy/seltzer portfolio. So it's not like the company can't innovate, they're just out of fashion with the beer nerd scene. What they need to do is poach some hot head brewer, give them a six figure salary and let them put out a series of limited run beers under some new brand. Let Sam serve the mass market and build a new brand for the craft-craft space. Basically what AB is doing but don't be such a dick about it.
They don't have a brand that can take it to market. Seems like an easy thing to fix.
You're either russian or a useful idiot. Blocked.
It's waaaaay too fucking late for that. His mistake was thinking he could make Comey loyal by letting him stay. If he had just fired Comey from the start he might have even gotten away with it. After your advisors flip, it's too fucking late.
Good thing the FBI doesn't need to ask permission from Congress anymore.
You are perfectly correct in the context of German culture. The point I'm making is that Americans use the word Nazi very lightly, in situations that would make a German very uncomfortable, because it doesn't mean the same thing to an American as it does to a German. It's similar to the German use of the word "fuck". Germans use it at times and places where a native English speaker would be HIGHLY uncomfortable. The same word does not have the same meaning in different cultures.
They're already out of the CL and league title race and Auba got restless, he was almost gone in the summer window anyway. Dortmund aren't going to challenge Bayern this season. Might as well sell while the getting's good.
&gt; No sane nation will ever trust us again. In an overall sense, this is a good thing, because the American polity cannot be trusted anymore, since half of it has gone stark raving mad.
Hmm, sounds like a good idea.
Massive false equivalence here.
Districts were gerrymandered in 2016 too. No excuses.
The US is a great place to be stupendously wealthy and a pretty garbage place to be normal.
In theory, Libya would send them back to the country from which they entered Libya. And the fact that their home countries don't want them is really not our problem. They are citizens of somewhere, with a right to enter and live in that country. Let's please keep in mind that refugees and undocumented migrants are DIFFERENT GROUPS OF PEOPLE and the policies to handle them have to be different. If you have a legit claim to asylum that's one thing. If you're piggybacking off of the asylum process because you don't like where you were born, fuck right off. Asylum fraud is theft from real refugees. Those who perpetrate it are scum and need to be punished.
There are systems in place for legal immigration and they work a shitload better than the US immigration system, speaking as a veteran of both. The PROBLEM is people showing up and SAYING they are refugees when they are not, and then collecting cash money they are not entitled to, and then wrapping the state bureaucracy in red tape for months or years before they can be deported. "Integration" is a totally different question and frankly not one that bothers me very much. What we're actually dealing with is fraud on a massive scale, fraud that has fueled a backlash against legitimate refugees, fraud which has been enabled by administrative apathy.
Hell of a catch 22.
You're seriously making the case against enforcing immigration law AT ALL. I am a legal migrant to the EU. I filled out my paperwork, proved I wasn't a criminal, found an employer who would offer me work, passed language qualifications, dotted every I and crossed every T. If this system can simply be ignored at will, what the fuck is the point of having it at all?
Israel has solved this problem by just opening fire at the border when necessary.
European unity means European territorial integrity. I'd rather have a stricter border than have the EU disintegrate because nobody can trust each other to handle immigration properly.
They shouldn't be separated from their parents, that's for sure. Think about the logical implications of what you're saying: Immigration laws don't apply to you if you bring a child with you, because the child is innocent and "deserves" to stay? Or should we only let the child stay and deport the parents? At least we won't make them take a tiny rubber dinghy back across the Mediterranean like their parents did.
Your home country has to let you in. It may take a while for you to prove your identity but it's not like if your passport gets stolen on a trip to England you can't get back to the US. It's a headache but its legally possible.
When people come to kill me at least I'll die knowing I didn't deserve it.
The Romans absolutely invented their founding myth. Hell, they even got their best poet to write it up. And they wouldn't have found anything odd about the exercise.
Because your brain is making a judgment that objects are generally the same color, not striped. These are four striped objects whose stripes line up to suggest that the stripes form contiguous objects, which is so unbelievably unlikely that your brain rejects the possibility and tries to MAKE you see what it thinks you SHOULD be seeing. However, your EYES are seeing what's really there, and the strong mismatch between the two triggers a separate part of your brain, which suspects that the mismatch between the two is due to you having been poisoned and would like you to throw up.
I don't hate myself. Quite the opposite.
Uh no WTF are you on about
Germany's second team sucks. It is known.
I'm checking off that particular item in August. Any tips?
Then they realize that they can reddit while they're driving and suddenly nobody cares anymore.
You'll be hailing self-driving cars from your smartphone in less than five years, not 15. Feel free to hold me to this prediction. The time has almost come.
61 percent of his own party will NOT be enough to save him, and that number will drop when we actually get REAL information.
Upland Wheat is an Indiana tradition. Now is the perfect weather for it, too. With an orange slice of course.
I'm not in CA but I can tell you that German NA hefeweizen styles are all broadly similar, and also that Krombacher is IMO utter garbage water, so if she can find ANY NA weizen it will do the trick. Erdinger, Franziskaner and Paulaner all make NA versions and the brands all have broad US distro, although the NA versions may not.
The snow argument is several years old and out of date.
Nobody tell disney about this because holy cease and desist.
Wanna make this interesting?
Hier geht's offensichtlich nicht um Verteidigung, sondern Intervention (z.B. Syrien). Zehn Jahre zu spät, aber besser als nie.
Das Allerbeste ist, wenn ICH bei den Nachbarn klingele, oder aus dem Fenster schreien muss, bin ICH der unfreundliche Wichser. Todesstrafe könnte man heutzutage sinnvoll einsetzen.
Löw is a moron. He came out the last WC with absolutely ridiculous tactics that nearly got them beat a couple times before Mustafi went down and Lahm came back to the right back spot where he fucking belonged. After that they played great. Löw sucks.
Musk's goal was to make electric cars something that people LUSTED after. Nobody lusts after a leaf. In fact I can't imagine why a private person would buy a leaf at all. It's a tweener that doesn't do anything well. For small-scale company fleets maybe it would help keep costs down, but with such limited range it wasn't going to do anything to expand the market for electric. I live in Hamburg, and I'm surrounded by high-end German cars, from your everyday 3-series and C-class to Porsches, even the occasional supercar. NOTHING turns heads like the Model S. Bringing that vulgar sex appeal to electric cars has been critical.
&gt; Honest question; why are people so attached to Musk? &gt; &gt; It's called "charisma". I'm not sure why this is such a mystery to people. There are some people who naturally attract other people to follow their lead. Barack Obama. Adolf Hitler. Napoleon. Some men are simply born different. I was going to try to make this post gender inclusive but I honestly can't think of a single example of a woman who has that kind of otherworldly charisma.
Is there anything that makes you think it's a metaphor other than your own opinion on it? "The seas gave up their dead" sounds pretty straightforward, especially if you imagine that the author was living in a world where people died at sea in huge numbers.
If you only use your car to commute, that's true. But 100 percent of Americans use their car for EVERYTHING ELSE too, so if you need to hit soccer practice after work, then groceries, then home, then back to the soccer field, then ice cream, you're boned.
Who leaked the info? The suspense is killing me. Oh wait actually it was DEFFO Devin Nunes.
Yeah the 80s came back for some reason. I refuse to participate.
Bad headline. Her dissent was not "angry".
You do realize what a PRIVILEGE it is to pay taxes on a weed purchase? There are ents all over the world that would GLAD pay 8 bucks in taxes for legal rec.
End-to-end encryption only stays private if both ends are careful. LOL
This story is clearly not going anywhere. It's so weird, there has to be something under the surface.
You're literally hurting other state's chances at legalization but whatever, gotta save a few pennies.
He's an agent of a hostile foreign power.
He's an agent of a hostile foreign power.
&gt; it's like he celebrates his ignorance and anti-knowledge position &gt; &gt; so do all his supporters
None dare call it treason.
How are they doing with those artificial clouds?
It's not our job to enforce the law. It's the DOJs, and thus far, they seem to be doing a relatively good job, in that they're essentially our only hope of NOT careering into the abyss right now.
"The personal life of a public figure is nobody else's business." -Rudy Giuliani suddenly
&gt; So that could easily implicate the entire party. And now you understand why the GOP establishment has been running such determined interference for Trump and the NRA, even though psychos running through public spaces with AR-15s is rapidly becoming a national pastime and Trump looks dirtier every day.
All Sony needs to do is get out ahead of this and make one exception to a stupid rule to please fans. LOL we'll see
I think a lot of people want to protest the situation of gays in Russia, I can imagine some gay people going to Russia SPECIFICALLY to show they're not afraid. Then some fascist thugs take that the wrong way and beat the shit out of them. Horrible.
This topic is TEEMING with Russian trolls. You can tell by all the chaff they're trying to throw up. "Are we sure it was a hate crime, maybe it was just a mugging" etc.
My pet peeve is when people call saved penalties "missed". A missed penalty is not the same as a saved penalty. This was a save.
&gt; the UK was able to take the power away from the monarchy peacfully amd has had a much better time of it. Uh it wasn't that peaceful, and kings' heads have rolled over it.
They buy successful beers and then destroy them.
Löw loves playing poor and out of form players.
The US exports its self image to the rest of the world so foreigners have no clue how crap life can be there. It beats Pakistan or Venezuela or something but I moved to Germany ten years ago and I wouldn't move back if you paid me.
&gt; the NSDAP was able to take over Germany in 1933 with 43.9% of the vote. That's not EXACTLY correct. They got Hitler to the chancellorship, but then killed a bunch of their political enemies and essentially said, get on board or you're next. There was a definite break from the rule of law that isn't anything like anything else in US history except for the Civil War. We aren't there yet and I don't think we will be soon.
You'll need to iron out your German but otherwise I found it very simple when I did it. I'm not a citizen (Staatsbuerger) and I probably won't ever be but living and working here is MUCH more enjoyable for me.
&gt; What I don't understand is why there were no adjustments made after seeing that Mexico was leaving three attackers in the midfield at all times Jogi is a shit trainer who lucked into the world cup. It was bittersweet to win because that meant he wouldn't lose his job.
Tinder is six years old. Nobody whose parents met on Tinder is old enough to even be in first grade.
&gt; The direction of Russia on the talking point is speculated by some, but not confirmed. It's based on Trump's OWN statements about what he discussed with Putin.
Given that he's currently dying of brain cancer I'm not going to hold it against him, is he even functioning right now?
Does it actually taste like watermelon or is it like 21st Amendment's beer that tastes like shitty cucumber?
VAR doesn't fix a crooked head ref.
I absolutely HATE this kind of advice. If I had the money to buy an Am Pro, even used, I would. Where I live it's a difference of 500 euros.
&gt; I would argue that the problem is much more the parallel world strongly religious groups inhabit in an otherwise secular society, the inability to speak the local language even after years of living in the country, and a lack of shared western/democratic values. &gt; &gt; I imagine it's weird interacting with someone who only has her eyes visible (and note here I imagine, since I never did. Shows how much of a phenomenon full face veils are in Austria...), but I don't feel it is a problem for society that needs to be regulated by law. Since there's not really a way to force people to do the first things you mentioned, these face covering laws are designed to compel them through a roundabout mechanism and, failing that, to make them so uncomfortable that they leave.
European right wingers: Islam is misogynist because it tells women how to dress! We'll protect them...by telling them how to dress! I think Islam is stupid as fuck and nobody should be a Muslim at all, but I also think the government has no fucking business telling people what to wear.
Because Europe had a huge problem with people wearing balaclavas? The "face covering" wording is a fig leaf for fucking with Muslims. People aren't stupid.
Youtube clickbait is insufferble.
Abortion is still every bit as salient as it was forty years ago when this shit kicked off. Ending abortion is the only thing 65 percent of the GOP cares about.
HOORAY we can get rid of Loew. It's six years overdue but thank god. I hate him and I hate watching the teams he coaches. This tournament was peak Loew.
Democrat appratchiks are stupid and take advice from people who are even dumber than they are. They think voters care what David Brooks thinks, for example.
See, I disagree. Overbooking is in no way fine. When I purchase something I depend on it being there when I need it. That's why I paid for it. "Making accommodations" is not good enough. Ban it outright.
My brother!!! 2014 was DESPITE Löw, not because of him.
Multiplayer is always stupid garbage. A game should stand or fall on its single player.
Making fake Facebook groups has already been charged as a crime.
Saturated fats have no impact on cardiovascular health. Corn on the other hand...
Why the fuck is this guy Secretary of Labor? I mean that seriously, who raised his name and why?
&gt; So why is a gameplay focused experience worse than another one because one has you playing against other people? Because other people are, in the aggregate, awful. They almost invariably ruin the game, often intentionally. Griefers, scammers, botters, etc etc etc. Hence why games should be judged by the experience that the developers had total control over. GTAV for example is not a bad game even though GTAO is a flaming pile of garbage.
The difference between 2020 and 2016 is that Trump now has a RECORD you can run on, and that record is truly horrifying to look at. Nothing he's done is popular.
The rule of scandal is that you can't use the same scandal twice. The DUI has already been used against him so it's "old news" in voters' minds. They'd need to find something else.
Yeah, Harris is made for the Senate. I wish I could short her presidential chances, I don't know why she's been so hyped and frankly I don't even know whether she has any interest.
I see it as more Shakespearean than Greek, Greek tragedy usually involves people with good intentions getting themselves into shit with the gods, Shakespeare went more in the direction of evil people fucking themselves in the most ironic way possible.
Karl Rove wishes. It's Roger Stone's bit.
That shit-eating grin. Love it.
He was a tool, in the most literal sense. He was a folksy dumbfuck and people smarter than him used him to get what they wanted. He never cottoned on because he was a dumbfuck. I will piss on his grave if I outlive him. That's a promise.
His first statement as a candidate on Russia policy, in 2015. Zero chance it was a coincidence
&gt; The United States needs to adopt stricter privacy laws that protect users and their personal data from companies like Facebook. &gt; &gt; Just ban the sale of personal data outright. Shoot all these billion dollar companies right in the fucking head, make them earn their living instead of stealing it. You know, facebook could have been a subscription service that actually cared about its users.
Even the chick taking the video is wrong. This family is fucking DUUUUMMMMB
Bacteria need a food source to multiply. A bottle of apple juice, sure, but just straight up water, no.
First, lots of species manipulate their environments. Even the simplest lichen dissolves the rock it sits on. Second, there isn't "nothing to keep our numbers in check": given the option, people generally prefer not to have more than a couple of children, which is just enough to replace those who die. Equilibrium is in our future. Last, I want to object in the strongest possible terms to the framing of growth of human population as a bad thing. Environmentalism is important but it can't be based on a logic that would end in genocide as a fundamentally good thing. If we can't agree that human life is fundamentally valuable then we need to start with that premise before we even start talking ecology.
"Living alongside the environment" is a happy Victorian fiction that papers over the violence, destruction, and suffering that creates the natural world. Remember the time a new species of microorganism evolved photosynthesis, started pumping out oxygen as a waste product, and created a mass extinction that made humankind look like amateurs? Probably not because it was hundreds of millions of years ago, but it DID happen, and the survivors of that are either the species that caused the problem, a few that were rugged enough to withstand the huge change, or found a way to use the poison as fuel (that's us, by the way). That's "nature functioning alongside its environment" for you. Nature doesn't give a fuck, and we're every bit as natural as those early phytoplankton.
They don't want job training. Go there, ask them, they will literally tell you, no thanks. They want their old, well paid, secure, unskilled, INCREDIBLY dangerous and harmful jobs back.
It's the word Bureau. That strongly implies it's a government agency.
In their mind, same thing.
Yeah this whole thing is hilarious. 21st century workers: Maybe we could crowd-fund a lobbying effort to negotiate for us on our behalf. 19th century workers: Wait what happened the unions we died to organize. 21st century workers: Unions are bad and the dues are too high.
Gaslight Obstruct Project &lt;----- You are here
Oooor social media makes a tiny subsection of the world appear to be the vast majority.
I mean that's the only way to go at this point, right?
Chappelle left because he felt like his comedy was empowering racism, not undermining it. He was super woke, not not woke enough.
And allow people to take real, actual shots at you. White House Correspondents Dinner style (which is another story).
Also everyone is drunk on an empty stomach.
Unfortunately it is relevant 100 percent of the time.
No indeed.
Lagunitas was inexpensive even before Heineken bought in. Hop Stoopid bombers for five bucks are a particular highlight in my mind. Edit: I should probably also point out that a 9 dollar bomber works out to a thirty dollar sixer. So...it's not as cheap as it might seem, although it is cheaper than the competition.
True but SN only puts out the super high end stuff in bombers these days.
If he's totally innocent and the facts bear him out, a factual report of his behavior would exonerate him totally and there would be no need for a "response". If he distrusts Mueller's motives, he may think Mueller would lie but he couldn't know what those lies would be until they were released, so it would be impossible to "prebut" them. The only way you can have a rebuttal report prepared before any accusations are made is if you know you're guilty and you know the areas you'll need to spin.
Guess who's spreading it? Mainstream news outlets who repeat the lie. Like Newsweek. You don't "debunk" fake news. You bury it and blacklist anyone who shares it forever.
And who are massively in debt and will do anything to save their own asses. Simple points of leverage. The fact that he ever had a clearance is a scandal in and of itself.
You could take a lot of angles of criticism on it but I don't see what's "naive" about it.
OK, so that would be "oversimplified", not "naive". And if fuel taxes aren't the main issue then the choice of symbolism is pretty piss poor.
These protests always turn into an excuse for aggressive young men to transgress social norms and break laws against violence and destruction and get away with it. It's hooliganism except with the football replaced by politics. As a bonus, it totally discredits anyone with actual legitimate grievances.
Oh man, I mean, you know your community better than I do but frankly you should look into selling your business and moving because small religious towns...you're not likely to be able to come back from that.
He's not wrong but he really needs to shut his goddamn mouth.
Mr. Bigdeals can't even stand up to Nancy Pelosi.
Five thousand extra people applying for asylum isn't a crisis, it's a busy day for Customs and Border Protection. Forcing them to squat in Tijuana because you want to get tough on five year olds CREATES a humanitarian crisis.
I didn't say anything about "accept". Processing their applications is not a herculean task. Lebanon is a country of four million people with a million Syrian refugees. THAT is a crisis. A country of 320 million people with a 19 trillion dollar GDP dealing with an extra five thousand refugee applications is a medium-sized bureaucratic challenge that would rise to the level of no more than a local news story in a sane media environment.
People keep complaining there's no party for moderate Republicans. But there is. It's called the Democratic Party.
Obama absolutely did move heaven and earth, and his legacy will not only be Obamacare, but all successive expansions of health care only made possible with the political legitimacy that Obamacare purchased by being a good program that helps people.
We can acknowledge the disruption and economic suffering caused by trade liberalization in the last two decades. That's real. But the problem is not trade or no trade. The problem was LARGE SCALE DISRUPTION. Now that the economy has settled into the new state of affairs, trying to go BACK to tariffs is just going to create ANOTHER disruption.
Also better first touch, finishing, ball handling, crossing ability...basically everything. Even speaks English.
Spiegel is like the equivalent of Time magazine in the US: it has a tremendous amount of respect in the mainstream, which is totally unearned because it's chock full of lazy, superficial garbage.
As if that disproved my point.
Uhhhh....wouldn't I? I would say don't hitchhike anywhere, ESPECIALLY if you're a woman, DOUBLE ESPECIALLY somewhere without a strong state and law enforcement apparatus.
Völker Pispers is a stand-up comedian, not a lunatic purveyor of lunatic conspiracy theories.
Where in the law does it say that anybody has to give a shit?
Kabarett has no English translation besides "stand up" and English language stand up is often extremely political. The second part of your statement bears no relation to reality so I won't bother with it. You're right about the spelling though.
Massive win. Dropping points to Dusseldorf was awful but the head-to-head matches are practically worth six points. Dortmund in the driver's seat for the league title.
And twenty years after we pulled out of Vietnam they were making our Nikes for us anyway.
The country isn't even a country, never was. It's a loose collection of essential feudal fiefdoms with a metropole in the middle that has made various attempts, all unsuccessful, to put the rest of the surrounding territories under administrative control.
She was also not a good politician and had no natural constituency. She had too many years of political baggage, flip flops, and had never won a competitive election before. She was not a compelling public speaker either.
You learned the hard way, but when and whether people have children is their own fucking business, period. Just because you married someone doesn't mean you're instantly planning on churning out babies.
Sorry Pittsburgh, everyone knows you got hosed but we needed this.
Bitcoin crash sending shockwaves through the market.
The old joke is the reason Japanese cars are so reliable is they're American made.
As long as your returns are in line with the market you've got nothing to worry about. If the market drops 10 percent and you lost 20, well then you'd want to start worrying.
The Louisiana of the midwest
He's Mammon incarnate.
Renacer is the only one I really like front to back.
By the way, Rosneft was almost immediately repurchased by the Russian government, so this was not a legitimate sale of assets, it was clearly a way of getting a large amount of money moving in opaque transactions to pay off some uncertain number of people for uncertain things.
You're...you're one of...them...
Zucker pur wird erstattet, die Pille aber nicht. Ja ne ist klar.
Fake green cards? That's not minor bookkeeping fudgery, that'd be major fraud.
Scheisse isn't even that rude a word.
That moment when you go to vote for Mahomes as offensive rookie of the year and you realize he's not a rookie.
It strikes me that they all have very differently shaped heads.
It's not about achieving a perfect outcome, it's about improving from the current total disaster that kills more people than car crashes and funnels tens of billions to ruthless criminal organizations and terrorist groups.
Screw purchase. Make it free. Put the black market out of business totally.
This is fundamentally the same as the argument against limiting the sale of guns to reduce gun crime.
Oh wow a blistering fact check how will he survive this
Yeah but given that you can't go back in time and change the genes of your players, maybe coach them to reach their full natural potential instead of just lamenting the twists of fate that stopped them from being a born genius.
Hearing What's My Age Again on the radio for the first time was such a seminal moment in my life. The song that birthed a million bass players.
VVD was straight up bossing. He stood out all game. In total control.
Sun King, the Upland taproom.
You can do over 200 on the autobahn without problems because the autobahn is PERFECTLY engineered and essentially always in fantastic condition. Going that fast on a highway in any other country is a gamble because they're not engineered to allow it.
I got a very "Incident at Owl Creek Bridge" vibe from it.
If you translate Wetterau literally, it means "weather valley".
Cigarettes never presented a grand health mystery. The danger comes screaming out of the data as soon as you look at it. Everyone knew they were dangerous, people in the 50s called them coffin nails. Asbestos, same story. If there were some epidemic of mysterious diseases that we couldn't explain, and also a large rise in exposure to microplastics, and you just fit the exposure data to the prevalence of the disease and boom, you got a huge correlation, then I'd be willing to say that microplastics are dangerous. As it stands, we've been producing plastic on an industrial scale for what, eighty years? And the only concrete danger we've seen so far is that you probably shouldn't eat a bunch of large pieces of plastic. So yeah, unknown unknowns and all that but frankly the ubiquity of the problem combined with the nebulous, uncertain nature of the danger indicates to me that we could probably spend our time focusing on something else where the dangers are clear. Need I remind you, billions of people still smoke cigarettes. Getting even ten percent of the to quit would have far greater impacts than banning straws.
It's supposed to be similar to ICE engines which are pretty quiet.
Have you actually heard these sounds? They're about as loud as the tire noise.
If your philosophy says human flourishing is actually a bad thing, it's not clear that good and bad are any longer tethered to their actual meanings. Also, if you truly believed it, suicide and genocide would be moral imperatives. It leads to all kinds of repugnant and absurd conclusions, which adherents like to pretend don't exist.
This is a pretty common thing man. There's a stereotype that anyone who smokes weed is a loser, and if your woman starts to see you as being a loser she starts to see HERSELF as being a loser for being with you. It's a shame but that's how it is much of the time.
The British landed at Gold and Sword beaches with basically no casualties at all. Even Utah was lightly defended. Omaha and Juno (the Canadians) got chewed the fuck up, so those are the ones we remember.
They were in the middle of a civil war when NATO intervened. I remember history dude.
Libya was in the middle of a civil war when NATO intervened.
Seems pretty bizarre that they rejiggered the map to remove Mt. Olympus totally and then have a series of DLCs based around mythical greek realms and not include Olympus at all.
"Hey it's starting to kick in"...an hour later..."Whoa, I guess it kicked in."
Sounds like he and Hummels would work together very well. The Hummels brainfart is a classic.
Would be a crazy move in an otherwise rock-solid transfer window. Hummels has not been great recently, bad blood from his original move, and 30m is what they paid for younger, more talented offensive talent. Makes no sense, doubt it happens.
Exactly my thinking. The lacking athleticism of the goalkeepers in covering such a large space seems to be balanced out by the lack of athleticism in attack. It seems like making the goal smaller would lead to an IMBALANCE in favor of defense, which is likely to make the game more boring which seems like a bad idea for a sport which struggles to get attention as it is.
How would fewer goals make the game more exciting?
I fail to see why giving the defense less space to cover is supposed to help attackers.
I was making a joke actually.
When I want to know the lyrics to a song, I don't want to have to search through results, then click a link, then be bombarded with malware-laden ads, just to read fucking song lyrics. Google crawls pages, takes the most relevant information, then reproduces them in a usable format with attribution. If that kills your business model, then FUCK YOUR BUSINESS MODEL. Genius isn't even a lyrics site. It's a collaborative interpretive community.
The idea that lyrics are copyrighted at all is idiotic. I can HEAR THEM. Anybody who listens to the song knows what they are. If I write down what I just heard and show a friend, suddenly that's infringement? Copyright in general is dumb as fuck in the information age.
&gt; Being an autocracy is none of your business, it's the people who choose their fate. It's rare you see someone contradict themselves totally within one sentence, nice work there.
Logistics can be simplified by simplifying the event. Make it as simple as you need to do it properly in the time available.
Because autocracy is inherently unstable and morally evil, and every citizen of a country has the right to help determine how that country is run. And if a country wants to freely elect a king for life or enshrine Islam in their constitution they absolutely have the power and right to do that, but they CERTAINLY were never asked.
Obviously that's what desalination plants already do.
Probably secured the funding to actually do the project.
&gt; The unfortunate fact is that no matter how fit and healthy a person is, eventually their cells reach the limit on the number of times the cells can divide. I'm not so sure that fact is so unfortunate. Death is a natural part of life.
Boyd is pulisics final form.
&gt; You wouldn't want to visit any industrial harbour town anywhere around the world. Except for Hamburg.
Donald Trump is an admitted serial sexual predator and he's still president. Point being, if your supporters don't care that you're a piece of shit, you'll always have a career.
Confederates are the best single argument for hanging traitors I'm personally familiar with.
What's the point of a military strike designed to minimize risk to the military?
How would a drone, which is an airplane, be "in international waters"? The relevant concept would be "airspace".
Union workers bargain for their fair share of profits. Unions cut deals to save the company literally all the time. Companies declare bankruptcy to fuck the workers, they don't declare bankruptcy BECAUSE of the workers.
All the talk about the offside and nothing about how the ball went RIGHT OVER THE KEEPER'S HEAD. It was deflected but the deflection made it savable. Get your fucking hands up jesus christ.
The dynamic in the UK was obviously different but yeah wealthier white people don't much like living around a bunch of poor brown people.
Sokratis was a damn good defender, he and Hummels were a great pairing.
&gt; By the way, the black flight to Detroit and Philadelphia and so forth was exactly and precisely what was intended by the terror campaign. Worked a charm. Otherwise African-Americans would probably be an actual majority in Mississippi, and pretty close in some other states. Oh shit that's a very nuanced point I hadn't really realized before, but it's awfully convenient that there are just few enough black people in many southern states to be unable to constitute a majority of the electorate, in places where blacks had once vastly outnumbered whites.
How is this funny? It's literally a fish being caught.
Lotta red there too grandpa. I'm not against the concept but it does not now work well enough for me or anyone I know and there's no obvious path to make it work. Enjoy your laggy, compressed gaming adventures tho.
Holy shit it's like a museum.
Alcohol in amounts that nobody would consider "alcoholic" levels is still incredibly damaging to your health. More than a sixpack a week, basically, is too much. People REALLY don't want to talk about that.
Maybe those yellow vests will get the picture after they have to drop 1000 euros for an air conditioner and 100 euros for the electricity to run it that CARBON EMISSIONS COST MONEY. Sorry that your diesel is getting more expensive but it's either ditch that or retrofit your whole house.
Also, deviations from baseline are not inherently good or bad.
Oh shit you're right!
A. It stands there by itself. B. The portals would be supported by the matter each is implanted on. C. Don't even know what you're trying to illustrate there.
If he was able to send mail he would expect a reply.
I bet they will.
&gt; They're made in China and Germany mostly, very few made here, almost none GE: Um, sir, this is the only profitable business we have left, don't fuck this up for us.
Exxon had essentially perfect models of climate change 40 years ago. There's no reason for hope that the science has it wrong.
Climate science has sound theoretical models and detailed observational data, and the planet does actually keep getting hotter every year. In contrast, you have...well, I'm still not clear what you have.
Calling it right now, Trump dies in 2020. Spring-summer timeframe. Something cardiovascular.
"Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas" is a stone cold physical fact. That's what I was referring to with "theoretical models". It's not as though we observed warming and then went looking for some unknown cause. We had the physics nailed down for decades before the warming really started kicking in. It sure would be nice if it turned out that unprecedented releases of CO2 turn out to be no big deal...we'll have just dramatically reduced air pollution and gotten cheaper, more reliable energy technologies in the bargain.
There is absolutely no reason why you need to limit immigration to have a Norwegian style system, as long as you have reasonable periods of time for which an entrant into the system must pay in before becoming entitled to draw benefits. And limiting immigration does not automatically make a social system sustainable if it doesn't place appropriate burdens on various participants concomitant with their ability to contribute and need to draw benefits. So basically I would say you're conflating two issues that have basically nothing to do with one another. Norway isn't prosperous and equitable because they're some master race who keeps all the poor darkies out. They're prosperous and equitable because they have chosen to structure their society in that way. The US is a third world country with a thin crust of oligarchy for precisely the same reason.
&gt; No we can't. Norway is oil rich. Even other Scandinavian countries with similar styles of government and politics can't be like Norway. Norway has had a welfare state for a lot longer than it's had oil money, and that oil money doesn't prop up the economy the way it does in Saudi Arabia or Russia.
We aren't the first species to trigger a planet-wide ecological catastrophe, but we are the first species to notice and try to stop it.
Solar power is already cheaper, and in 10.years will be WAY cheaper.
Forcing people who are not suited for STEM jobs into STEM jobs is a recipe for disaster.
The only people who recommend the trades are the people who have never done them. The labor is backbreaking.
When grid-scale solar becomes cheaper than the fuel costs of keeping an existing plant running, you're going to see that dynamic change pretty rapidly. And we're not terribly far off that tipping point. Five years or so.
Why exactly did John and Paul feel the need to put their non-musician wives on stage with them? Linda was a beautiful person but she was not a good musical partner for Paul any more than Yoko was a good musical partner for John.
Nobody can be scared of a golden retriever. They're just all good vibes all the time.
Are you downsampling when you render? If you're working at 192 make sure you render at 192.
Divorcing your spouse because sex with your high school girlfriend was better has got to be the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard and I'm confident you've never even been close to being married.
I don't even know what those are.
I mean, they're stuffed animals. They're worth whatever a stuffed animal is worth to you.
OP: My dad isn't gay. Reddit: Neither was Bowie.
This has happened enough recently for me to be confident this movie will be trash.
Sing along.
People think they're having a baby and when it turns out they're actually having a human being a lot of them have no idea how to react.
Tenet is going to be so good.
Depends on what valuation you put on a giant disinformation campaign against your opponent operated by a foreign intelligence service.
There's a difference between BREAKING the rules and SUBVERTING the rules. A Suarez handball situation is breaking the rules. Using banned substances or paying off the ref is subverting the rules. One is cheating, one is just part of the game.
They look too young to be married.
Holy shit I literally didn't notice John or Paul until reading this comment. All I saw was george.
Imagine banning alcohol commercials like cigarette commercials are banned.
Former English colonies rapaciously exploiting land and people, there is certainly a lot of overlap.
Came here to say this.
Now that you put it together like that it's actually pretty insane.
I'll take warping over comping all day every day. For our last ep we spent 20 hours comping and editing and crossfading. Warp markers would have finished the job in a tenth of the time.
Good idea, which free on would you recommend?
He's not a poacher. A poacher takes what's there. He's creating opportunities by attacking the spot the ball is going to be...or where he wants it to be. He's a shark.
He's quicker, more instinctive, and vastly better off the ball.
That dance wasn't as safe as they said it was.
Better than a goal a game is mental regardless of the competition level.
It's not about five goals in two games, it's about how he created them. Paco last year had some tidy finishes but on fluky service. Four of haalands five goals were entirely him just bossing and not even breaking a sweat.
Shit! Good vibes for him.
RB fans in Leipzig are just normies that enjoy rooting for a good football team.
He may sign a new contract if they promise to sell him.
It's pretty fucking hard to bend a pass outwards like that, must have been intentional.
America is not now and has never been a pure democracy. It's a hybrid system.
Find somebody that loves you as much as Germans love talking about how they don't hate Jews.
It was reasonable to be extremely skeptical of early reports, also the transfer itself doesn't make much sense in my opinion, especially at the quoted price.
"Community Transmissions" they'll probably want to change that name too.
Remember when Europeans took over the world because of their vastly higher birthrates?
And then, when all the Boomers are dead, the Millenials with rich parents will be rich, and those without rich parents will be turbofucked.
I find it hard to believe there are enough adolescent boys who DON'T watch porn to make a for a very large effect.
It's pretty amazing what can happen when nobody has a job to go to.
I mean, there's such a thing as glamor muscles, not all muscles are equally prized. I have been blessed with genetically GREAT triceps. Nobody cares though.
Thank you for making my point for me. Birthrates and global dominance have nothing to do with one another.
Each gender follows cues from what their own gender appears to believe the other gender prefers.
Nobody trusts Reddit either, TheDonald took OVER the front page for like six months and only after the election did we get the option to blacklist subreddits.
Yeah, an autograph on a shot glass that you USE would be a bad idea, the alcohol would dissolve the autograph pretty immediately.
Drunk people are certainly known for their neatness and precision.
It's because they're racist. Now i don't mean this to be glib, but racists are not moustache-twirling psychopaths. They're people who go around assuming the absolute worst about people from ethnic minorities. That's racism. It's not flashy, it's not even that unusual. But that's what it is.
I don't know about y'all, but Corona has put me off zombie movies permanently.
Everything is a simulated memory anyway, including fantastical myths as an artefact of "cultural memory" is legit IMO.
Name one media source you rely on that ISN'T a corporation.
The DFB may be dumb, but they're not stupid.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation_for_Public_Broadcasting I've got bad news for you.
My point exactly.
If you can penetrate the language, it works very well, as long as you color inside the lines they set out for you. If you have a document that doesn't fit into the scheme you're boned though.
You've just got to hammer your situation into the shape they're expecting...as long as they can file it in a binder they're happy.
Actual hard quotas for women would bring a lot of benefits that have nothing to do with "equality". Men have a lot of excesses that need balancing out.
Yeah but you should see all the McMansions that 400 million paid for.
Oh god it's so true. "Masters of Bankruptcy and Administration".
It's pretty remarkable that the exact worst case scenario happened more or less immediately after preventative measures were removed. It's like you unbuckle your seatbelt on the highway and then the truck in front of you immediately jackknifes.
What if I told you there isn't actually a tradeoff between spending on healthcare and spending on all those other points you mentioned?
If you can't see the obvious similarity between the invention of moveable type printing and the invention of social media, I'm not going to be able to make you.
Twitter doing better than the New York Times.
&gt; The gun doesn't make you more suicidal. Speaking as a person who has struggled with suicidal ideation in the past, this may SEEM true, but it isn't. Gun suicide is the most attractive form. The finger pulls the trigger, but the trigger also pulls the finger.
Instead of being backward looking and blaming people for not perfectly understanding a brand new disease that was tearing through the world population like wildfire, how about we get on our knees and thank the heavens that THIS TIME we have a low-cost, simple intervention that can allow us to get back to some semblance of normality while protecting lives?
I've been with Google Music since the start. Discovered lots of great bands with it as well.
It's important to hear different perspectives, but just because something is a different perspective, doesn't mean it's important to hear it.
In a jury system, the jury determines what the facts of the case are. It has its pros and cons.
You can always request a bench trial.
I GUARANTEE it controls for age. Nobody is that stupid.
"Controlling" is not something you do to your sample, it's something you do to your data. The average age reflects the sample, then you attempt to explain the variation in outcomes after removing the variation explained by age. These are basic statistical tools that any grad student in research science learns very early on.
That explains a lot about your attitudes towards someone else's marriage.
His wife would be a good get.
You must be a blast at parties.
Write high, track sober.
Being married gives you insight into the kinds of things you might be willing to put up with in a marriage.
Hard to believe, given how incredibly varied it is.
Ghost stories is TERRIBLE.
It was kind of a ridiculous film to be honest, some good performances and fun in a revisionist historical sort of way, but the messaging was hamfisted. On the other hand, I loved the twist ending where you find out that &gt;!THAT WASN'T STEVE BUSCEMI HOLY FUCK!&lt;
Young's is good, but it's more stouty, this is a chocolate milkshake.
Never forget where we came from, and what some people want to take us back to.
you don't need to stop winning, maybe you could start losing tho
People who follow the goddam RULES.
https://m.imgur.com/a/rnn17P7 New Dingwall NG2 came today. Jesus that sound is fat, the low B is so clear you'd think it was an E string.
It didn't "become" a political issue, it was MADE a political issue.
Any of those leopards don't like it, they can quit their jobs and start being a gazelle whenever they want.
We should be able to just say that LGBT rights and Hong Kong independence are good, and white supremacy is bad. We don't need to handcuff ourselves to naive subjectivism.
When there are gigantic protests all around the world to decry Chinese treatment of Uyghurs, they'll probably do it.
Unless you've literally ever seen a globe once.
mi²/km² would be the same value for every country.
This is the shit that still keeps me up at night. There's so much we don't know about long-term effects. People who are being blase about it just because we're six month in and the media is getting tired of the story...this is a huge risk still.
People won't bother watching it now. It's really long and pretty fuckin boring.
And there were probably people in those days grousing about how she was a diversity pick.
The slanted frets aren't the point. The longer length of the lower strings leads to improved clarity and tone, just like a grand piano. The slanted frets are a necessity to allow the longer scale length. And yes, it makes a HUGE difference. The B sounds clear and tight, and even the E benfits noticeably.
That's not what he said and you know it.
Anyone who reads that article can see you're a fucking liar.
Bye.
Would you look at that, victim blaming. Very on topic.
This is the proof that actually it was all Mal's dream, and she was incepting Cobb to quit spending so much time on his job and be there for his kids.
He's a co-conspirator in a federal felony for which a man is currently imprisoned. That he committed before he was president. He's DEFINITELY going to be indicted for that. Convicted is another question.
And yet Canada is jam-packed with immigrants. It clearly must be possible.
&gt; Also, reffing is a skill too and another variable to the game that makes it exciting. Having the outcome of the game dependent on the skill of the ref working it is unacceptable.
Dutch intelligence is next level.
They don't consider you muslim either. One of you is wrong, and nobody can say definitively who it is. You could also just stop being Muslim and then you won't have to worry about the question at all. There's no god so being Muslim is kinda pointless.
It's vitally important that the police be constantly reaching out to potential terrorists and offering them weapons, if the cops are the easiest place for terrorists to find weapons, they can prevent a huge percentage of attacks AND potential terrorists will never be able to trust each other enough to put together a plan.
You can't blackmail a person with fakes. Blackmail relies on a secret being exposed that the person wants to remain secret. If the evidence is faked, nothing is being exposed.
Trademarks in the US are all about when you started using it, not when you got around to filing a formal claim to it. The singer has clear priority and would win any dispute easily.
I don't care to speculate about why you care about this particular matter so much.
This is a technique that would have worked in the fourteenth century. It has nothing to do with deepfakes.
As soon as I read this I could hear it.
I'm about to make a fucking killing in the stock market tho.
You used your allowance to buy an alarm clock...you definitely WERE a grown-up already.
A generation of children woke up to the sound of this alarm clock going off in their dad's room.
The days when "pack" had to be spelled "pak" because that was fuckin badass or something.
Everything is now the War on Christmas.
If you help raise your siblings children, basically all of your genes will be passed on anyway.
I mean, he did paw all over Rudy Giuliani's fake titties, so he definitely was sending off mixed signals.
And the ability to think abstractly.
Those two things are the same thing?
Flu doesn't destroy your olfactory receptors and shut your kidneys down.
Doomers don't exist.
It seems like whenever a high-profile younger person dies of Covid in the US, they're black. Says a lot about the racial injustice of the country.
Black people in the US recieve a measurably worse standard of care, including being denied admittance to hospitals at a much higher rate than whites.
Screw this. I'm gonna start my own union! With Hummels, and Subotic!
It's not misleading at all. He didn't vote for Trump.
There was a major error in the prediction models most outlets used: they contained the assumption that different state polls' errors were uncorrelated, so even if Trump overperformed his polling average in Wisconsin, that wouldn't be predictive of overperforming his polling average in Michigan. The 538 model includes the possibility that errors between states ARE correlated, because there may have been a swing in the voting public that tends in the same direction among demographically similar states. So their model more accurately reflected the chances that Trump would get a lot of states to break his way, and other polls vastly underestimated that. This "uncorrelated errors" assumption is also what fucked up the asset valuation models that created the 2008 financial crisis. It's a common problem in statistical modeling.
As seems clear now, he didn't think he had a choice. He tried his play, Berman didn't bite, he had no choice but to escalate, and now has gotten very publicly punched in the mouth over it. This was a Pickett's Charge: he knew it wouldn't work but he had to try it anyway.
I like this guy more and more every week.
That's you reading into the title, not the title being unclear.
Mine did this too, I thought it had some sort of mechanical failure, chucked it in the electronics garbage already.
I think career mode is fine if they would stop ruining the feel of the gameplay itself.
Not good enough to get Corona for.
Witsel is good but he's older and he'll need to be spelled.
I cycle too, and when I'm out by biggest fear is getting hit by a car, not that my chosen form of exercise winds up being mysteriously fatal.
You never gain weight if you pressure the Surgeon General to lie about your health.
I keep active because I think it probably PREVENTS heart failure. That's my point. If you exercise often, but within reason, I don't understand why that would make heart failure a serious worry.
Ironically, "husten" is German for "cough".
That's not what I mean. I'm talking about Arabs treating Africans like subhuman shit, Koreans making vicious racist jokes about Chinese people, Iranians trashing on Arabs, Pakistanis hating on Indians and Indians hating on Pakistanis...white people do not have a monopoly on racism.
I mean, pretty much.
I remember watching that movie, I'm still not exactly sure how it happened to be on TV but I had no clue what I watching. It was fascinating and dramatic but I had no...effing...clue what was even going on. It's like, wait, is this movie a docudrama about the making of THIS MOVIE? And why is Nicholas Cage in it twice?
There are a couple of great breakdowns of Synecdoche on Youtube that will give you an appreciation for how amazing it is.
You know what? Post-corona, theaters should really do more re-releases of older movies. It's cool to be able to go in and either rewatch a classic on a big screen, or even introduce new generations to old movies in the format they were meant to be enjoyed. Plus Hollywood could cash in on shit it already owns and stop pumping out tripe constantly just to put butts in seats.
Surrounded by happy people, totally alone. Feeling that.
Kids don't go bad entirely on their own. It's not a fish fillet.
&gt; If you're always high, then you never really are. Truth.
And the name Maß means "measure" so they should really all be the same.
His age has held him back for years, he's been well above the players around but unable to move up to stronger competition due to his youth.
It's clearly Cheese Pizza.
Corona safety guidelines: 1. DON'T OPEN BARS
Everything you say is true, but it doesn't change the fact that there's a deadly pandemic going around, and it's not worth a teacher's life to make a kid do arithmetic under sub-optimal circumstances for 9 months.
You can run a grocery store in safe ways. You absolutely cannot run a school safely without so many compromises there's no point in even trying.
For a great city, Hamburg sure has some shit footy.
Hard to believe everyone is still into disaster movies after what we're going through RIGHT NOW.
I started the whole comment chain.
I know, and yet the entire conservative agenda ate huge, decisive chunks out of the New Deal consensus from 1980 to the present day.
Well, the New Deal coalition hinged on expanding the welfare state to poor white workers but tacitly allowing Jim Crow to deprive blacks of benefit. The Great Society upended that, and Republicans were all too happy to use the now-homeless racists to build a voting bloc that would dismantle the structures that had kept them economically comfortable.
That's not a salary cap, that's called "being broke".
My reading was that the German colonial adventures were seen as sort of pointless and not terribly effective in terms of achieving the goals of national glory.
The German word Flammenwerfer comes from what it does, which is throw flames.
I was gonna say, he definitely knows how to hold a trombone. And the personality fits too.
As if there were anything we could do to stop them. The most we can do is limit their influence in our countries by shutting out and sanctioning their malign companies (TikTok, Huawei, etc).
They're the only telecom I HAVEN'T had awful experiences with. Actually switching back to them this month after a hellish few years with O2 and Vodafone.
Evonik is still the sponsor for cup matches IIRC, so the design still has to accommodate a horizontal logo too.
There are some highly localized accents in the US but they're almost always connected to large, old cities, and there aren't too many of those. Chicago, Boston, New York...those are the ones that come to mind. I seriously doubt Austin vs. San Antonio would make any difference at all, but Austin vs. the surrounding countryside would be a dramatic difference.
Four years late. The brigading and votespamming were bannable in the 2016 campaign. Yet they were allowed to run WILD over the frontpage.
