Naming conventions with guns don't really exist. The AR9/AR15 thing isn't nearly as silly as .357 and .380 being the same diameter.
Why would a country build bombers instead of desalination plants? Why send soldiers to a foreign country instead of a region inside their own borders with plentiful water? Water scarcity is a logistical problem. It doesn't make sense for large countries to go to war over it.
You realize that you are likely part of the global elite, right? The top 1% aren't some secret elite, it's slightly above average westerners.
That has more to do with Asheville being trendy and a good place to live. Rich people are still buying beachfront, they have decades to enjoy it before it sinks.
...that's quite far. Leadership has probably changed multiple times since then.
The shipping cost alone is likely more than the cost of either bag.
A guy literally walked into a pizza shop with a rifle to check for a pedophile ring. Some of them believe it, although it's hard to tell how many.
A hate multiple launchers, multiple Netflix clones, console specific games, etc. I return wish someone would invent a way of having one system that's also competitive.
Does anyone remember the name of the guy who was forcefully removed from politics for saying that the American public is easy to mislead by naming bills in a certain way (e.g. the Patriot act). It's the perfect example of this and I don't remember enough details to Google it.
It does. There is no way to tell the difference between acceleration and gravity.
Selling hard drugs is causing more wrongs than it is righting.
That's debatable. If the giant generator isn't powering the building, then what is? They might just leave the power on for game play reasons.
The next planned patch will fix the camp deconstruction issue.
You might need a relatively expensive microphone and a suprising amount of testing/programming time. Distinguishing between quiet talking and somewhat loud talking isn't trivial. There could be some more complicated acoustics going on too, to differentiate between the library door opening and someone nearby talking.
At least they won't have the "I was in fear of my life" excuse.
Good for you. Don't let everyone else talk you out of it, the weight savings isn't nearly worth getting rid of it.
There is not enough pvp for f2p to be a realistic option. It's not nearly social enough or competitive enough for people to want to buy new weapons/cosmetics consistently.
I agree that there are exceptions, and I will never support singling out and criticizing a parent. No good will come from that, even if you are 100% aware of their circumstances. I just think that we are allowed to criticize some parenting trends. For example, obesity is rising in kids. There are circumstances that make it harder for some parents to deal with than others, but parents of obese kids should try reasonably hard to fix the problem.
Criminal vs civil court. Settling is also not an admission of guilt, it's done all the time simply to avoid legal fees and bad press.
The theoretical torque is very high but the concrete may cause the gear to break a tooth instead of turning.
I'm thinking of the tooth of the second to last gear.
I find it hard to argue against that change. The women in this story, for example, were trying to kill the enemy even though they were not wearing uniforms.
Was there a country that wasn't militaristic? Half the reason that there was a war at all is because the general populace wanted to fight.
The working class wasn't acting in the interest of the working class. There was extreme nationalism and the people wanted to fight.
The problem is the difficulty in getting enough fat. I would love to see a recipe with all easily store bought ingredients.
I've heard that you aren't supposed to use lard. I don't remember why not.
It's not just the lobbyists. His base supports coal. They probably find this whole event hilarious. It's probably not a bad way to live, really. Believing that climate change and pollution are not problems and that the president isn't an immoral embarrassment probably improves their mood.
I wish that applied to all the out of work coal miners. I'm sure they all can find great, $100k jobs if only they worked harder.
It's a two way street. If people are outraged they click on articles. I doubt the story would be pushed as hard if it wasn't generating revenue.
They were designed by us, as consumers and voters. By allowing capitalism to control the media and by choosing to view media that agrees with our biases, biased news is inevitable.
Just the fact that pre-existing conditions isn't a thing anymore is enough for .e to think it was an above average presidency.
That's good advice if you have water. People have died staying put while within a days hike from water.
If you hold a mirror (or shiny smart phone) up to your nose, you can see two different things at once. I imagine it would be similar to that but easier to focus on things.
Maybe just enough weight so that the vehicle rolled on it's back instead of a complete 360, killing them both.
The difference is that she presumably isn't planning on being married to this person forever. It's never a good idea to marry someone temporarily.
Angles and plates, mostly. Check out McMaster.com for what is available. Construction like this: https://www.arwei.de/files/images/content/en/winkelrahmen_eng.jpg
That's not how tax write-offs work and Bill Gates has legitimately invested a lot of time and money to charity. He probably doesn't give a shit about tech innovation compared to thousands dying from malaria.
Sometimes microtransactions add content. Look at PlanetSide 2 for example, back when it first came out. It had way more skins etc than they would have made normally. Bethesda doesn't seem to be putting any effort into theirs, though. The store is basically empty, it's no wonder they have to charge $20 for one skin.
I think the lack of fast travel mat is on purpose. They have it for workshops, so they didn't forget about it. My theory is that they couldn't get it to work because the player arrives before the floors are loaded.
That's going to kill someone someday and is definitely a code violation. Get that fixed.
They aren't profiting much from it. The success of the game isn't tied to their choice of dance moves.
It's more like complaining that you can't run Excel on a Mac.
Developers wouldn't be "compelled" to develop for other platforms, they would have the opportunity to do so at their discretion.
If you go to Newegg and sort by top selling you might be surprised how many don't have bays.
Most of the games you buy need to be updated to run anyway.
She's the leader, she would be a target anyway, barring extreme incompetence. Also being a woman makes her an easy target.
But then Bethesda would have to hire people to make more content. It's much easier to sell FO4 content and have an intern make seasonal outfits.
No way are they giving us paint for free. More likely to be $10 per color and only works on one armor set.
Flexible over long periods of time. Over a short period of time, new guys are a pain and make it harder to get things done.
It's a good thing to do, but in practice most of us aren't going to think to do that. It's only necessary in this exact situation where a tiny vehicle is in a spot it shouldn't be.
The crash was likely a huge surprise to the driver. Give him more than 1.2 seconds before deciding that he's not stopping. He definitely is going slow and not speeding off. Also I don't think breaking the guys window is going to help even if he is doing a hit and run. I would probably panic and hit the gas.
I don't think he's excusing the driver. The proper way of getting unsafe drivers off the road is not by assaulting them.
80% of drivers would not have seen that motorcycle due to the a column, the large truck, and the motorcycle running the stop sign. It doesn't have anything to do with age, it has to do with extreme caution and peeking around the a column.
Looks more like a blind spot issue with the front column.
It was wrong to attack muslim citizens in the US after 9/11 and it was wrong to draw that comic about Japanese in the US after pearl harbor.
It's not that different. That second comic could clearly help incite violence against Japanese Americans.
The same could be said for car manufacturers and consumers.
Also trying to break Cam Newton's ankle. The guy is not a clean player.
The courts almost always grant some kind of visitation. Being forbidden from seeing his kid would just mean that he was an awful parent in the past or did not care to pursue visitation rights.
The best way to get faster at typing is by typing. As long as you know all the letters without looking, just start coding and it will make you a better programmer and typist at the same time.
Sending a thief to prison is corrective action. Sending your in-laws to prison for a crime they will be unable to repeat is just being an asshole.
I would much rather have trees and nature than more concrete buildings.
At the very best, it was a combined attempt at helping and PR move. If you are solely trying to help you don't post photos of yourself on Twitter.
If his statement is a hateful dig, then how would you categorize Musk's?
Those are students, though. Students doing a military salute does seem totalitarian.
But will his damages exceed what he gains from the publicity? Doing dumb shit is a popular way for people who are desperate for attention to stay in the news.
The state is never required to save you, just like the police aren't required to protect you.
It's a pretty polarizing subject in general. It's not as cut and dry as everyone tries to say it is.
It's not exactly blatant. Roe v Wade is pretty hard to follow.
The biggest difference for me is the couch. The original looks 10x as comfortable.
How did you like the trip? It seems like it could be boring to sit there with nothing to do, but I don't have any experience.
It does make a difference. The point was to remove his ability to commit fraud, not his ability to make money.
Taking the company from the guy would have made us all feel better, but in measurable terms we would all be worse off. The company improved under his leadership.
Everyone cares. Otherwise we would all wear $2 plain t-shirts and sweatpants.
I would love for Razer to charge more than $99 and use the extra cash to make new software.
Telling a coworker to fuck off is pretty hostile. There should definitely be repercussions to prevent the workplace atmosphere turning shitty.
It's not a stupid law, it stops people from lazy practices and getting us all sick. The application of the law to a neighborhood stand might be excessive, buy it's a good law.
No one seems to be discussing all the possibilities. If she was paid $100/hr during her normal shift, I imagine the "unpaid" cleaning could be legal.
There will never be complete equality. Men will always be stronger, women will always be able to give birth.
Leaf blowers require way more power than string trimmers. I don't even use full power mode on my battery trimmer.
You must live in a heavy tax state. That sounds crazy expensive to me. The most expensive craft beers are cheaper than that.
Don't add a thing, it's beautiful.
The last paragraph of that article was clearly written by someone overweight. Body fat naturally makes you slower and makes you tired more easily.
I've yet to see a source on 556 being designed to tumble, it's just been repeated on the internet enough times that it's assumed to be true. The history of the design process doesn't mention it, and the damage 556 does is considerably less than larger rounds.
He's being way too quick to jump to the murder conclusion. There are plenty of other possibilities.
It's a very multinational ship. Crew from 2 countries, carrying oil from a third country, owned by a fourth, flagged in a fifth...
They technically can be placed at any height, but it would be extremely difficult for a diver to place them that high up.
We have the capability of shutting off parts of the grid, though. Why wouldn't the functional plants do that before complete failure?
Plenty of people know how to fix up a grid. Very few countries have the budget to do so.
Thanks. I like the non-ELI5 answer a lot better.
You tread on the anti-musk-jerk. It's a reaction to the previous pro-musk-jerk. You're a few months late to get upvotes for praising him.
People have been saying that about various subreddits for years.
The internet is reactionary. Musk had hyperbolic praise before so and criticism must also be hyperbolic.
Norms do change, though. Even loving parents beat their kids in the past, which is much more rare now.
Obama couldn't go through Congress, it was too obstructionist. If Obama, who was civil and made at least a token effort to be bipartisan, couldn't get congressional support then how is Trump going to get support after being a dick to every non-republican?
I wonder if the button is a real feature on a different model and they are saving money by reusing the same mold.
You don't need any classes to buy scissors and cut your own hair, though.
Kerbal Space Program 2nd: factorio
Can the president do that without congressional approval? I feel like he couldn't. Putin is more powerful in that regard.
It could have just been sympathy. The prison system doesn't seem well equipped to deal with the mentally ill. I would feel bad testifying against someone, but ultimately you need to think of potential future victims.
Well we are sending a lot of empty containers back to China due to the trade imbalance. Hopefully that lessens the recycling issue.
I think he was talking about the murders and corruption caused by people who think that partying is more important.
The amount of harm is an important factor. If people were getting murdered on a 1:1 ratio then I doubt you would be defending it. Personally, I think the amount of damage done and the manner in which it is done makes cocaine use unethical.
Meat is valuable. Just tell people they are allowed to hunt and sell deer, then the problem takes care of itself.
There is a difference between winning money and something essentially worthless. Someone desperate for money can dig themselves into a really shitty hole gambling for money.
It's significant for one person.
It's valuable because no one person is responsible for a large chunk, we're all responsible for small chunks adding up. If there is no accountability on the lower levels then there is no accountability at all and we should just give up on fighting climate change and pollution.
Those people are better off buying an assembled PC. Even if they pull off the assembly, what happens when the graphics card is defective? That was a troubleshooting nightmare for me and I had prior experience building PCs. Edit: turns out I didn't read the article and misunderstood the product
I feel like once you learn how to increase/decrease your weight at will it's easier to repeat.
In a quiet bar that's nice. In a busy bar with shit service bring on the robots.
Even if that's true, this verdict is still good. It's just the other theoretical verdicts that are wrong. No one should be able to tell you something is a good investment when they clearly know it's going to lose money.
6 is pretty early, but that would be a pretty sad existence for a kid to not be able to play in their own home. As far as I'm concerned, the blame is 100% with the builders that cheaped out on insulation.
I can't imagine a government run company doing better. Look at China and the USSR, non-capitalist systems hate transparency.
Capitalism is horrible for safety, but communism is even worse.
Those lead pipes are coated and there is a department of workers making sure they stay that way.
Amazon sells a kitchen scale for $5-10. You could use that to see how much fuel is left in those cans and do a test to see how much fuel you burn per meal.
The top selling solder on sparkfun and home Depot are lead free. Most hobbyists do use lead free.
Babies used to have lead painted toys for years, too.
Some of them stop when caught. Especially if you tell their parents.
Your graphics card may have died. I had a similar issue where my monitor cut off as soon as the video card driver installed. It was a massive pain to get gigabyte to fix it.
Those numbers could definitely be accurate, depending on how unbiased the study was. Statisticians can definitely account for less reliable sources.
It's wasteful for everyone to drive there individually, though. It probably creates more damage than just throwing your recycling away.
Consumer attitudes are critical. There is no magic law that will drastically cut emissions without requiring sacrifice from consumers. We need to be willing to be able to afford fewer things. That's not directly tied to recycling, but if we don't have an environmental mindset then nothing will change.
Some phones do have actual radio that don't rely on cell signal.
I wonder how their tourism is doing these days. They should probably lobby against legalization in the US.
That's a pretty loose definition. You could probably call some apartments concentration camps using that.
That's not really any different from mechanical engineering. Fluids class doesn't make you aware of different types of valves and EE courses don't make you aware of different types of lugs.
The lack of on-demand content was a ridiculous inconvenience. Even with a DVR you can't just find a new show you like and watch one per night, you're going to start in whatever season/episode is currently airing and watch one per week. Add in cost, ads, and other bullshit and I'm surprised people are agreeing with you. Maybe we have just forgotten what cable was really like.
I've been forced to pay a cable bill (apartment had a contract) and I had an extremely poor experience. It may technically be month to month, but cable sucks in so many other ways. I'm really not sure why you would want to defend it.
How there wasn't a huge outcry over that I will never know.
But did you wear short sleeves to the interview?
The effect is nearly negligible and people are upset at the title. Upset people aren't going to stop, push up their glasses, and explain that the ambient has a tiny effect too. It would be similar if I said my house is hot because the fan is running. Sure, the fan technically adds a bit of heat, but the real culprit is that the AC is off and it's sunny out.
Most HOAs aren't very restrictive. Mine is really laid back.
I don't get the appeal. I tried to book a plumbing project through them. I didn't get any quotes, just calls from home advisor asking to patch me into calls with plumbers. How is that better than calling myself?
Well, if the children are pushing for reparations, forgiving student loans, and abolishing private insurance they are probably wrong about their chances of winning the election.
He couldn't have been much of a husband if he chose to stay an extra eight years.
Everyone in the first thread is a dick. "There's nothing to be done, I have no idea why you are upset about a man gnawing into a squirrel carcass in front of a bunch of kids".
It seems harsh, but law enforcement is too important to let things like this slide. How are the police supposed to have a good relationship with minority groups when racist-seeming actions are not punished?
There's nothing wrong with shear force as long as the screw is sized appropriately.
A cool staircase like that deserves a fancier latching mechanism.
Not really. A self driving car can be forced to call home if you want it to work. Since that is possible, it's also possible to disable cars that have not passed inspection.
You're assuming it's not an encrypted signal. It would be encrypted.
Shelly wifi stuff claims to last 18 months on battery.
Many wifi devices can run without the cloud.
WiFi and internet are not the same thing. As long as wifi is up and you are controlling locally, wifi devices will work.
Regardless of whether the captured 15 year old was alive or dead at the time, he stabbed him. His own squad mates have accused him of worse. Why should public opinion be held to the same standards as a court room?
At least there was less media about him being shitty. If you didn't get a portion of your information from the internet you would likely never read about him being immoral.
Only the right kind of troop. Trump has been shitty to some veterans and no one cared.
It's not really necessary. If it were me, I would have assumed it was a debounce issue and add in a small delay. I would have been wrong, but it would have solved the issue.
I would only do lights if the box is wired to two switches. I hate when one switch turns on both the lights and fan and I hate fan remotes.
I would buy a separate 5V circuit meant to be used with batteries. It will have the protection you want and will let you pull more energy from the battery.
When you don't have an oline and you do have a star RB, that is probably the right move.
Aren't military commitments four years? Trump has been in office for three, so the majority of them enlisted/reenlisted knowing what they were signing up for.
I don't like how they are not permanently attached to the wall and I don't like how they look. I don't dislike the function or anything like that, so if you don't dislike the idea of remotes in general then I wouldn't worry about it.
If you are doing a full nuke strike, the #1 priority is preventing your opponent from being able to respond. That likely includes a missile for every army base. Although I guess I'm thinking Russia and not Iran. You're right, Iran likely doesn't have the nukes to target Bragg.
They likely have a second exit. It's probably required by fire code.
The problem is that there are a limited number of arrangements that don't look phallic.
That's a bit too general of a statement to claim it is always true.
Junk food has a lot of easy calories, which are important when you are working out so intensely. The same stuff that makes us fat prevents an athlete from losing muscle mass due to a calorie deficit.
I don't think that's fair. There are plenty of reasonable ways to prepare for a power outage and you should probably do them even if there weren't a possibility of an attack on the grid.
I know that the headline is a joke, buy the article talks about cyber attacks on infrastructure. That's a reasonable statement and one that everyone should be prepared for anyway. Any number of things can cause a disruption, and a shocking number of people would be screwed if they had to survive with no power and the resources they have on hand for a week.
Correlation is not the same as causation. Teams that try harder on the coin flip also work harder to score.
How can you say "it's fine if you are both okay with it", but when the guy is not okay with it start criticising him?
This is getting blown way out of proportion. How is this any different from a company doing a one day charity event? Sure, it's nice for the cause. I'm sure she cares about the cause and is happy to help, but it's also great for business. I don't see how this is any different from when my car dealership has a charity drive.
"Nude model gives out free sample for charity" How is this front page news.
There's no way that this is the event that led to family issues. She apparently already has an extensive amount of work out on the internet.
The size and number of fans aren't justified, other then that they look nice and make the construction easier. You do want at least a small fan for this, though. Even if you had a flirc style case, it would not work when surrounded by wood.
All of that is considerably cheaper than the extra employees they would need if everyone ignored the internet and went to the DMV in person.
They cost less money.
Well he certainly was barred, and I don't believe for a second that it was for security reasons. He probably wasn't barred for the reasons he stated, but it was certainly for political reasons.
...so for political reasons. If lying was a disqualifier then the UN building would be empty.
This is for a meeting at the UN building, not an embassy. We signed an agreement to not block people in this manner. This is not a routine move. You should do more research before accusing everyone else of not understanding.
There was a violent protest at the embassy and there was a missile attack on an Iraqi base, but there was not a missile attack on our embassy. Unless there is an older event I am not aware of?
I know everyone is saying it was shot down, but the plane was two minutes out of Tehran. It would be difficult to make that kind of mistake when there are planes moving through that area constantly.
It's especially unlikely for a plane to break up in the air. If the plane wasn't shot down then this was a massively unlikely coincidence.
Yes, but barely. This flight was two minutes out of Tehran, the chances of US involvement is miniscule.
An untrustworthy source is more trustworthy when they say something that is not in their interest. Iran has a strong motive to lie about how the plane went down and no motive to show the plane broke up suddenly.
It's speculation, but not blind speculation. There is evidence that the plane broke up in the air, which is rare even for a plane crash. The FAA did reroute traffic because accidental anti aircraft fire has happened in scenarios very similar to this one. It would take a possible but very unlikely coincidence for this to be the result of mechanical failure.
The plane was two minutes out of Tehran. You are making an extremely risky bet.
All camping gear content outside of Reddit etc is trash. They are just advertisements pretending to be content.
If you are communicating from plane to ATC to AA battery for many planes, one of those communications can get dropped. It would take a dumb decision and missed communication to shoot down a plane, but it wouldn't be the first time.
Just a warning, when manufacturer says something is rugged that doesn't mean it actually is. I had a Samsung active that I assumed didn't need a case. The screen broke the first month.
The purpose of a PE is to rubber stamp things when the government needs to be convinced it's safe. Cars go through collision testing, which fulfills the same purpose but better.
Maybe a weekly discussion thread where each comment thread is a different book?
The onus is not 100% on the driver. If the airbags don't fire or the frame does not crumple, then the manufacturer is at fault. Both of those issues are handled with industry specific testing and certification. That process is much more effective than having an engineer certify that they think it is safe.
Easy to say when it isn't your country. If the US shot down a passenger jet leaving DC I would be pissed.
Shelly devices use MQTT and will stop communicating with the cloud when enabled. Also UL listed. They're not open source, but I'm a huge fan.
They're all high carbon steel, though. For normal use that's great, but for a bugout knife that's sitting around for years I would go stainless.
I'm a huge fan of no-nonsense knives like this one. Well done.
I wish the mods made that a rule. I don't think I've learned a single real thing from being subscribed to this sub.
The top post made an excellent, relevant point and was deleted. I guess the mods really are pushing an agenda.
Supposedly the safety event was a free give away of locks, so it makes sense that they had a need of a lock.
I'm sure a lot of people do. Maybe someone will post a decent study to show how many.
She could stop using Uber and if she had any damages she could sue. I'm not sure what else is needed.
Electric string trimmers are pretty great.
A rack mount UPS can fit nicely under a desk surface if you can do basic metal working.
Maybe he can get a network job and be a rival for Romo.
My experience has been the opposite. Normal people doing a boring job. You never hear about the HOAs that are reasonable.
This was the first game I played on my curved ultrawide and new graphics card. For anyone who can afford the experience, I highly recommend it. I haven't enjoyed a gaming experience like that since I was a kid.
Runaway trim, a situation that pilots have already been trained on.
The sensor agreement indicator was optional, not the second angle of attack sensor. Reading about how the pilots reacted, I'm not sure they would be cool headed enough to look at the agreement indicator.
Runaway trim training could have and did prevent disaster. The Malaysian flight had the same issue twice and landed successfully the first time. Supposedly the school they went to tells you ahead of time when you will be tested on runaway trim. That is shitty training and does not prepare you for a real life problem.
Sure, no issue with the pilots that never turned the throttle down from maximum and snapped the wings off the plane. No issue with the pilots who turned off MCAS then turned it back on in order to avoid having to actually fly the plane themselves.
Right, but canister fuel is 80% butane. A lot of internet knowledge will tell you not to use it in extreme cold. Mountaineers will use it anyway though, and it apparently works well even on Everest. I assume a BIC would be similar, but o don't actually know.
They all work, the cab drivers are scamming you and cheating on taxes.
I've yet to see sufficient evidence that these were real and widespread.
Meth is never a good decision. Helping someone make a bad decision out of greed is not particularly ethical.
If it were legal then this kid would not be employed. He would find a different illegal way of making money.
What exactly are you doing with a small knife like that to require a more secure lock?
I had one. It broke.
Biking with a full pack is miserable. Bikes can be set up to carry a lot of weight, but it takes a lot of preparation.
Is recycling plastic particularly beneficial? Seems controversial.
Dogs aren't typically allowed to roam free.
Does contamination ruin metals and glass too? It seems like those would be burnt off when it gets melted down
The launching pad should be on the roof. Also I would prefer this inside where you don't want fixed cameras.
All USB plugins have grounded metal exteriors. The ground isn't the problem, though. The problem is that you have pin 5 or 6 shorted to your case. Ground touches case and game over.
I think that the statehood thing is clearly a conspiracy theory, but Trump has a frightening amount of control over Congress. There are approximately three Republicans left with backbones.
The same applies to the pawn shop analogy.
How can you live in Canada and not keep emergency insulation in your car?
Why not both.
I don't think you are correct about reusable masks. Look at the types of filters 3M sells, they are used to filter out some serious shit.
Maybe he didn't know that a subpoena wasn't coming.
I haven't used a whisper light, but the mo series of jetboils is probably more comparable.
*We* dramatize everything. The mainstream media has been fairly responsible. Reddit has found every click bait article they could get their hands on and upvoted it to the top without stopping and considering whether it's really front page news
You won't find one because medical professionals do consider it a threat. The problem is scale. They consider it a threat in the same way that the flu is a threat.
He filed for divorce previously, though, and it sounds like they weren't living together at the end.
I don't see any evidence mentioned in the article that the woman is actually her mother. It seems unlikely that an 8 year old could survive on her own for a year.
Sounds really easy to do inefficiently. Put your shirt over the pot, wring it out when it gets wet.
Because he has a lawyer to review his statements before submittal and any help he could provide would help resolve serious sex crimes.
This is a sad story. I'm not sure how people seem to be enjoying it so much.
Many people average over 40, but some people definitely do. I'm pretty consistently working 39.
I'm shocked that the post is so popular and yet no FB employee randomly stumbled in and fixed the problem. I know there must be a lot of them on Reddit.
Extraordinary claims should require at least a modicum of proof. Don't spread misinformation.
I definitely would not. Reducing your commute is such a huge quality of life boost.
Houses won't sink into the ocean overnight. Sea level rise is really an issue for poorer countries.
If you really feel like spending money, you can probably pay to have it reupholstered and powder coated.
Vendors are a distribution system. Taking stock from one distribution system in order to make your own distribution system would be wasteful.
The people distributing the water still get paid one way or another. It would be more efficient for the government to pay the vendors to give them out for free.
Probably unethical, but I would have loved to visit that market. It sounds like something out of a fantasy book.
Race is an issue, but not in the way you think. Black cops are just as likely to kill a black person as white cops are.
That's definitely true, but I'm not sure that we have had a tangible result from Greta's actions. As far as I'm concerned, every engineer and scientist that works in the renewables industry is more deserving of the prize. All of our environmental victories have been from technological advances, not from political sacrifices.
China is polluting on our behalf. We have a huge amount of control over that situation and we choose lower prices over the environment.
They have not provided any alternatives that we are willing to accept. Remember the protests in France over a relatively minor step in the right direction? Imagine the unrest in the US if we took a realistically helpful step.
I'd hardly call it an attack on Elon. They just don't think that Tesla is worth more than Toyota, which is fair.
When you have a bad UI, the fix isn't to make the entire software package smaller, it's to fix the UI.
That group just dragged a man out of a truck and beat him. If I'm wading into a mob to rescue somebody, pepper spray is going absolutely everywhere.
The driver should also get credit for stopping the truck and not driving his way to safety.
The road was closed after he was on it.
Closed after he got on it.
Not all truckers use CB radio. I'm not even sure that most do. It also wasn't closed for very long before he got there.
Did you see the video? No one goes from peaceful protestor to climbing onto a truck and dragging a guy out like some kind of horror film.
You can support a cause and still be willing to admit that not everyone is behaving rationally. No need to spread conspiracy theories as propaganda.
I just don't see how it's possible for him to have bad intentions. He didn't go to that spot on purpose, his timing would have been miraculous. If it wasn't planned and he didn't actually hurt anyone, then I don't see how anyone can assume evil intent.
Look up Reginald Denny. Forced out of his locked truck and nearly beaten to death. Among the medical care he needed was fucking speech therapy. If the truck driver was able to keep his distance then he should have done that. I don't blame him for trying to push through the crowd once he was among them though.
People were climbing all over the truck zombie style and tore the driver out to beat him as others chanted "kill him". I wouldn't call that peaceful.
Beating a guy while others chant "kill him", isn't self defense.
This isn't China. Hundreds of people have been protesting peacefully without masks and have had no problems.
I'm surprised the charge and load are on the same carriage. I would think separate carriages would make it a lot faster.
When every store front is smashed up, it's safe to say a riot occurred.
Would it count as income? I would think it would be taxed at the gift rate.
This is on top of the wrongful death payout they are going to get from the city.
No, they will say the killers are actually undercover police. If that doesn't work then maybe the police forced protestors to be violent somehow.
Unless you have a specific task in mind for a multitool, then you're better off with the knife. That tiny saw isn't going to come in handy particularly often.
Violence spreads. If people are burning and looting in one area people in other areas will copy them.
I've done many KSP docks and I still don't understand the KSP docking UI. Am I missing something, or is it absolutely useless?
40k games are usually pretty cheesy. I don't think I would enjoy that in a story driven game type.
Carriage, not cartridge. In this design the powder loaders can't do anything while they are waiting for the projectile to be loaded.
Cheap water storage is surprisingly reliable, although I agree he doesn't have enough. Hikers are all about lifewater bottles.
That theory gets a lot more traction than it deserves simply because people want it to be true.
Reviewing police procedure and pushing for revisions could be a very positive change if they are taken seriously.
Maybe because LGBT people are less numerous? It's very likely that there will be at least one woman and POC on the board simply by chance. That's not true for LGBT.
Usually very poorly proven. For example the CNN reporters who were called undercover police.
I doubt that very many protestors/rioters are willing to keep escalating for very long. I'm certainly not going outside if there is going to be shooting.
St Louis had the highest number of murders per capita that year. How many of those people were justifiably shot?
It's a typo. She is saying that the black community only cares about murdered black people if they were killed by a white person. Most murders of black people are done by other black people. The frog represents the Kermit meme.
A riot is also a bad place to be during a pandemic.
The people that were arrested were presumably rioters. There certainly are peaceful protests occuring, but there are also riots.
Being outdoors helps, but not enough. People are certainly bunched up close enough to breathe each other's respiratory droplets.
Good. Why shouldn't the RNC have to play by the same rules as every other convention? It's a shit year for conventions and the hospitality industry, no way around it
If a Democrat cancels the event then it allows Republicans to claim they wanted the RNC while avoiding the consequences of their shitty policy.
I believe they did submit a safety plan. It did not include masks, distancing, or reduced capacity.
It's not like the mayor can come out and say "okay, we're done killing innocent black people". The looting is something that can stop immediately, nationwide systemic racism isn't.
Even if the police system were great, there still wouldn't be enough manpower to handle that many complaints. It would be a waste of money to have permanent staff on hand in case of a massive influx of complaints.
That's basically what Twitter has been for the past week.
What's really a stupid idea is *guaranteeing* that a large convention can occur in August. Who knows what the virus numbers will look like then. The RNC could have easily resulted in the deaths of some North Carolinians.
"Most" Americans don't really matter. It's all about voters in swing states.
Wouldn't it be better for the military to use bayonets as a hold off weapon instead of shooting into a crowd? Not that the military should be deployed at all. It would be better to have everything burn to the ground than to have soldiers shooting protestors.
Everything is outsourced. Planes, bombs, missiles, everything. Even the space shuttle was made by a private company working with some NASA engineers.
https://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/article228828629.html
In my opinion, all government unions are bad. It makes the members less accountable to the people. It's not a coincidence that many police unions suck instead of a small handful. You can't expect anyone to vote selflessly.
They aren't allegations, so...
Is the supreme court even allowed to act on a petition? Doesn't this need to start as a court case and get escalated? Either way, it seems like legislators are a better target. The supreme court isn't supposed to change the law, just decide how it's interpreted.
People have thrown water bottles at the police, but that wouldn't be a great justification.
You also can't blame voters for not wanting meth and heroin to be legal. I guess no one is to blame.
I disagree, it's clearly a bogeyman. They have always implied that it's a small group. That way they don't have to provide evidence of its existence.
There's zero chance of getting a conviction in that case. Police incompetence isn't punishable under our current system.
Just because a group calls themselves anti fascist doesn't mean they are. How many "worker's" parties have there been that were run by the authoritarian upper class?
Hard drugs are going to ruin lives whether they are illegal or not.
His current inventory was $600. It's pretty unlikely that he got caught right away.
That clearly does not mean that drug dealers are behaving ethically. It just means that policing has been ineffective.
That doesn't make drug dealing okay. There is a demand for hitmen, too.
The police weren't there.
That's reasonable if the parents trust the police. Since the police have no legal obligations to do their job, who is to say they are doing better than the parents could? Should parents stop calling the police about missing children if their police force is mediocre?
It would have been a lot higher quality if a professional wrote it.
The other guy said his cost $10k and that is the type without wheels. Are you sure you didn't leave off the engine? $2k sounds shockingly cheap.
Not cooperating with the press is different than not cooperating with a prosecutor.
Obstruction of the press is legal though.
Maybe they can't prove intent to kill rather than just trying to scare them.
Standing up for what you think is right is not division. *Guaranteeing* a mask free convention can occur in August is reckless. It doesn't make sense to ignore that in the name of unity.
They can't exactly hack into a mailbox. They would need thousands of boots on the ground to make an impact on the election and somehow not get caught.
Paintball guns don't hurt if you are wearing thick clothes or a thin foam pad.
Is it actually that clear, or is it an effect from a camera filter?
That doesn't really give any data to compare the scale of racism in the US to Scotland.
It's probably better to not ground it. Otherwise it might attract lightning.
Most or all licenses are state licenses. It would be a little bit silly for a state employee to go to the state to ask for a license. It would just be busy work. I do think there should be a federal license, but that's quite a bit different from therapists/plumbers/whatever.
Tear gassing is a lot better than getting shot. If armed protestors turn violent it could be very bad news.
There were no guns shown in that video. The armed group was really 5 guys walking around on their own.
Probably the ten pounds of steel they carry around all to make a frame for their tarp.
One additional thing that you didn't mention is testing for power with a non contact tester. Sometimes there are multiple breakers feeding the same box.
I don't think that breaking curfew is a crime that is affecting the safety of society. it's also no longer a crime in progress, so the police have no right to enter without permission or a warrant.
I doubt it would pay itself off before the batteries need to be replaced. Otherwise the utility company would do that themselves.
BLM is obviously going to generate talk about race. I don't know that it's the media's fault here. There is not yet a consistent, race free message that's on par with BLM.
His defense attorney and the jury are unlikely to have that mindset.
Eggshell rule. Even if Floyd were as delicate as an eggshell, it would still be the killer's fault. It's going to be hard to argue that kneeing the guy's neck didn't contribute to his death.
I don't think being well armed is evidence. There's a history of people being pulled out of vehicles and nearly beaten to death.
It's absolutely something you carry in self defense if there's a huge, potentially violent protest nearby. If he had an option to take a different route or not drive at all then he should be in jail, but the gun itself doesn't mean anything.
He didn't hit anyone with the car and shot one protestor in the arm after the protestor tried to attack him. I think the police reaction is fine.
That's not much of a barricade. He pushed it back a few feet without even trying. If he had laid on the gas he would have gone over it with no issues.
I agree, but I don't know that he is the instigator. Trying to drive through the crowd could be an attempt to escape a prior conflict.
Barrier being held up by two guys doesn't stop a car.
He's not, but we are allowed to criticise that mindset.
Yes? Those backpackers may have been right in the end, but they had no way of knowing it at the time. It was irresponsible to ignore expert guidance in favor of their own assumptions.
You're assuming that he wants to. I doubt he would be posting here if he didn't like it. In general, it's nice to have foliage separating properties.
Two guys holding up a flat barricade can't stop a car. You can see them get pushed back easily as he slows down. The gun indicates that he knew going out was risky. He probably should have just stayed home.
You must not have heard of torx.
Typically depression deaths are more than offset by fewer traffic deaths during recessions.
Mortars have a higher trajectory.
I actually like the pry bar. Most realistic bugout situations will have plenty of abandoned cars to shelter in if you can break in. I would ditch the bolt cutters though, they're too specialized for the weight. I would also carry a few of each pill type instead of full boxes.
1000 per year are killed, but they aren't all murders.
Think of it like Yelp. Consumers are allowed to make decisions based on testimonials that have not been legally proven.
You are right that not everyone considers it racist, but those people are being inconsiderate dicks.
I grew up in the south and that is not what I learned about the civil war.
Mob justice is far worse than our current justice system.
I've definitely been called a bot or paid poster multiple times on Reddit and I'm not even particularly conservative.
At least the comments here are typically downvoted when they go against what the link actually says. The bigger problem is how many people upvote the headline and don't read the comments or article. Many times the top comment explains if the headline is misleading.
He was adding detail rather than doing an edit.
It was the local librarian's idea. She sounds pretty excited to be doing it.
The police clearly had bad policies and executed on them poorly, but there is no way for them to be convicted under our current laws. Arresting them is just going to result in them getting settlement money when they die later.
It would have been more effective if the activists rallied to stop them from breaking the law.
IA didn't make a distinction between new books and old. I don't think it's relevant to this situation.
It's clearly a response to IAs new, clearly illegal lending policy. IA could have been shut down before now if it it were a conspiracy.
Losing free access to harry potter for a month isn't an emergency.
Probably not. Incels don't really have a structure and they just got put on Canada's list.
The moisture comes from the air, not the can. You could put the whole sleeping bag in a trash bag, but I'm not convinced that it's necessary.
Not a fan of the protestors or the police. She must have some interesting views.
There are approximately as many native americans now as there were pre-columbus. It would have grown to be higher without all the disease, though.
Isn't that what every beta test does?
Most criminals of all races are arrested relatively peacefully. Floyd wouldn't have been news if every black guy was killed instead of arrested.
Patients generally don't have knives in the hospital.
It wasn't too long ago that reddit was advocating physical restraint instead of tasers. We must have forgotten all the headlines where someone died after being tazed.
The cop delivering the kicks doesn't have the benefit of watching the video calmly from his couch. The standards for a good arrest are being set impossibly high.
There have been many fully released games with server issues on launch. It's hardly worth review bombing over.
I'm struggling to imagine a scenario where you would get out of your vehicle and grab a rifle rather than simply drive away.
It's worth noting that most backpackers have no desire to maximize their distance before resupply. I think a 160 mile trip is feasible for someone who is in shape. It looks like the pros used 50 pounds of food for 600 miles, so a 160 mile pack wouldn't be too heavy as long as you don't carry the usual BoB junk. That being said, I'm having a hard time picturing an event where it makes sense to go on a week long hike.
People are far more likely to write letters when they are upset. If it were put to a public vote the numbers would be a lot different.
There has been at least one study claiming that mosquitoes don't fill a vital role.
Good. Fuck mosquitoes.
I'm a big fan of the sea to summit collapsible pour over.
Tests are limited. It's better for all of us to not lie.
I'm a big fan of the colors. Is that jimping on the blade? I would remove it, it's not in an ergonomic position.
Take a week off. Of course you are going to get disconnected a bunch of times when you keep reconnecting to an unstable server.
Just make sure all the back up QBs aren't invited to the same parties as the starters.
Good thing there is no coverage. Let's not cause a riot until we are sure it isn't a suicide.
Suicides are common, lynchings without witnesses are not. Let's approach this one carefully. At least wait for info from the family and local community.
Black men committing suicide is more common than the average murder rate (11.4/100k vs 5.0). Too lazy to find the murder rate for black men specifically, but suicide is clearly common enough to hold off on spreading potential misinformation.
Gun range parking lots were a pretty negative place during Obama's presidency. I'll never blame someone for disliking the gun community.
It's downright dangerous. Between this headline and the one about the probable suicide by hanging, I'm sure that many redditors are now convinced that BLM protestors are being murdered in some kind of race war.
That wouldn't make any sense. Why would a theoretical racist group want a public lynching but also want it to look like a suicide? It would also be difficult to sedate someone without a struggle.
Over 100 people kill themselves every day in the US. If every public suicide made the news then people would find this suicide far less unusual.
The odds are pretty high. Young men are the most likely to kill themselves.
It just appears that way due to increased scrutiny. Suicide is unfortunately super common.
If he had been shot while fighting and after stealing the tazer I might agree that it wasn't illegal. Shooting him in the back as he's running away? That's not justifiable.
He was clearly running away with a taser that had already been fired. I'm not sure it's egregious enough to get a conviction, but the cop clearly shouldn't have shot him. They have the guy's name and vehicle. It would have been simple to arrest him at home later.
That's not true. The cost of a few cells is much lower than all the lawyers it takes to execute people.
That's what life without parole is for. No one serving a life sentence really has a purpose to society.
How do we know it is a trend? The news likely wouldn't have reported on this until now.
It is hard to believe a lynch mob happened with no witnesses or self defense wounds.
It wasn't ruled as *not* a suicide. They just withdrew it to allow further evidence to be gathered.
Not as rare as secret lynchings.
It's definitely a possibility and is statistically more likely than secret lynchings.
I've never heard of a lynching with zero evidence. They're pretty hard to do secretly.
To a coroner, suicide is routine. He likely didn't consider that this would make the news.
That would require additional funding.
There are a *lot* of bodies found. They would definitely need a large funding increase.
A statue is meant to be seen by the living, not the dead. A statue of a racist sends a negative message to minorities. Why wouldn't we use a less controversial figure?
Viewing on mobile needs some work. The exact weight and cost of an item is not particularly helpful when I can't read what that item is.
Who would have guessed that mob justice is bad.
If you can't do that, at least don't click on the ads.
And yet they will accept it. I am absolutely not a Trump fan, but these headlines are meaningless.
Even if that were true, what is the harm in removing the statue? He wasn't a particularly great guy.
They won't do anything meaningful in response. It goes against the definition of "unacceptable".
If there's a statue of OJ around here let me know and I'll sign your petition to remove it.
He wasn't armed with a gun, but he was armed.
So they are telling us that the department can't figure out how cameras work. Why should a group of people that incompetent be allowed to have any power
Seems slow to trigger for sharks. It should deploy on impact. It also should be a spear.
I would agree with you, but I don't think the brand did enough to show aunt Jemima as more than a servant. The original wasn't just problematic because she was a caricature, she was a black servant to white kids.
A less-lethal weapon. Also, allowing someone to incapacitate you is dangerous and can lead to them killing you. Tasers are illegal for civilians in many countries and a couple states.
Looks like a student project of an idea for a new construction method.
I strongly agree that too many rapists go free, but how on earth do you prove a rape occurred beyond a reasonable doubt when the victim was sexting the perpetrator?
78% vs 68%. That's significant, but not nearly enough to come to the conclusion that this case won't be solved. It also doesn't prove racism in investigations.
People are held without bail.
One thing is for sure though, Trump isn't making the situation any better.
The news follows clicks. No one is clicking on articles about gang violence, or car crashes, or any of the daily problems society faces.
I make a good bit over the median wage and I am not a fan of fines. You probably have to get into the top 2% of earners before that mindset is widespread.
Is the requirement to wear pants in public also "forcing them to do something to their body"?
I was with you until you said "my mind is made up no matter what". That's silly. No one person has all the information available on a subject.
Definitely something like this. There isn't a need for an entrenchment tool when hiking.
We had the same dilemma and chose seating. We spend more time drinking/hanging out than having meals.
Sometimes a divide is needed. I don't think the world would be a better place had the original civil rights movement not occurred.
Maybe they could get surplus knives cheaper than normal ones? "Tactical" knives aren't used for combat particularly often, even in the military, and aren't much different from any other kind of knife.
Different taser. The video shows that the taser did fire when the guy used it.
In some cases, terrible things. In this case, nothing. The guy was running away and there are two cops. It's not particularly likely that the cops are going to be hurt. I do think the police can't be jailed for every mistake, though
I don't think it was the *right* call. If he hadn't shot then no one would have died. It doesn't seem like it was illegal, though.
They make chairs that are one pound for about $100. Easy way to lose a pound if your current chair is 2lb.
There was a recurring payment in the form of increased unemployment benefits and relaxed unemployment restrictions. A recurring payment to every single person is unnecessary.
We certainly have more testing now. I would like to hear from hospital workers on whether or not they are more prepared now.
No one should be murdered by the police. Everyone should be upset. Glorifying Floyd is silly.
Legally, sure. But if you are planning on using a dozen guns in a single engagement then you probably don't have your head screwed on right.
I didn't know the NFL was constitutionally protected.
I'm not surprised that someone was being combative and irrational, but I am surprised a lawyer took this case.
Defunded politicians is one of the problems. Only the wealthy or the corrupt can afford to be politicians full time.
Dude lost an eye, let him have his 15 minutes of fame.
He wasn't being particularly safety conscious, but I think our police can do better.
Police are claiming he was bent over at the time. there doesn't appear to be evidence either way.
Probably literally impossible. You can't crouch faster than gravity.
There is a waiting list for infants. Most of the "available" kids are older and lose/are taken from their parents later in life.
Ride on seems unlikely. The fuel costs alone are a lot.
A lot of people are into this for fun. Realistic bug out situations are boring.
If it were possible for Democrats to affect those changes then they would be so powerful that those changes would be unnecessary.
Has it been confirmed that Kaep was willing to accept a backup role and salary?
What's legal and what is ethical are not the same. The best course of action is to swallow your ego and avoid a situation where your life and others are put at risk.
It very nearly happened to the truck driver a few weeks ago.
There are too many variations in Bowie knives for it to be the most popular single knife.
By owning that much money. I doubt the procedures for withdrawing 500k are the same as me pulling out $100.
Do you have a good source? Have you ever tried to withdraw half a million dollars cash? I doubt you can do it at a standard bank branch.
Typically during recessions the overall death rate goes down due to fewer traffic fatalities.
The celebration of Columbus started in order to reduce discrimination of a minority. The first nationally recognized Columbus day was held after 11 Italian Americans were lynched.
You're both right. Isopro is 80% isobutane, 20% propane.
I wonder what other health guidelines they are ignoring.
They absolutely do in some fields.
It's really modern materials and manufacturing that killed off most of the ropes. Modern sailing ships don't look nearly as intimidating.
Under what circumstances do you expect shoot and move training to be critical? I'd rather have the food. Most disasters aren't improved by military action.
The fact that the aluminum is currently holding your weight is not proof that it will continue doing so. Vibrations or a big bump could absolutely break it and cause a huge injury. Get a new frame or hire a professional welder.
This is good news. I didn't know that anyone could view the US more negatively than they already were.
You can find a YouTube video on how to disassemble them. Remove the part with the serial number and trash the rest.
You can't separate a phrase from context. Do you expect Democrats to agree with "make America great again" just because the phrase is fine on its own? The context of "all lives matter" is clearly to derail the BLM movement.
Those are pretty intense. Enthusiasm and optimism are good, but I probably would have picked something more pragmatic.
Valid or not, some protest doesn't actually help. I can't help but feel that this is going to further racism rather than fight it.
Pragmatism. Republicans have politicized mask wearing and half of NC would disobey the order. That would lead to more orders being disobeyed.
Shops seem to have plenty of free ones.
No country has been a communist state, they have all been "transitioning" to communism. Direct government control over industry is absolutely a pre-communist step.
Right, because communism is an imaginary destination and not a real form of government.
How many of those issues would the seller actually be willing to pay for? A thorough inspection is useless of you are not willing to bail and the seller is not willing to work with you.
I don't understand the purpose of quarantines when there are already thousands of locals with the virus.
There are many airlines that I will not fly with after reading about the Max 8 crashes.
Well, there have been people falsely claiming they can't breathe because they know it can be used against the police. Whatever happened to that woman who was suing the police department after trying to put her own neck under an officer?
Have you read the details of the case? It seems completely unwinnable to me. All evidence points to Trayvon beating Zimmerman for 40 seconds before being shot.
Looks like a solid idea to me. No need to carry a full tent in an emergency situation. Plenty of hikers sleep under small tarps.
Of course she did. People on the internet suck.
What is the typical jail time?
Starting NYPD salary is $42k. Maybe they make up the difference in overtime pay etc, but they aren't making significantly more than teachers.
That doesn't stop them from making his life miserable. Surround his property with rainbow flags. Report any minor violations. Plant bamboo near his yard. There are so many stories about shitty neighbors causing problems, this is the one situation where they would be justified.
What really bothers me here is the neighbors. There will never be an end to random crazies, but the tolerance to a swastika from the neighbors is unconscionable.
Put up protest signs/flags. Call his job.
I don't think that is relevant. There are legal ways of countering him. He did not shoot legally. She broke the law, but didn't do anything particularly unethical if it was unethical at all. So why are we even discussing whether it's okay to remove his flag?
Good luck with that one. She was running away and shot in the back.
I don't think having a profit motive to do the right thing is a negative.
The act of shooting a non-threatening criminal is also criminal. Should both people be shot?
I'll go ahead and admit that the theft was criminal. The crime is unlikely to even result in jail time, if it were prosecuted. What you are missing is that it is not moral to shoot all criminals. I get that having things taken from you with no practical recourse is galling. It also sucks to have a Nazi flag flying in your neighborhood and have no practical recourse. If you shoot someone over a cheap piece of fabric then you are absolutely less moral than the thief.
I would call the police and wait inside with a gun. Anyone afraid for their lives to the point of opening fire in that scenario is too cowardly to own a gun.
Yes, that is also extremely not okay.
The reason running away is brought up is because lethal force is only allowed in protection of your life in most states. I would argue thats the only ethical use of force in any state. Running away is clear evidence that the guy did not fear for his life.
That one is a lot messier. A civil war is "us vs us" not "us vs them". Sure, the Confederacy fought the government that became our government, but technically both sides were composed of our countrymen.
Most suburbs have HOAs and would shut that down quickly. Either this guy wasn't in the suburbs or his neighbors are also racist.
I don't think that your previous post adequately explained that you were talking about a hypothetical best case. I think you would need to lay out that scenario in order to make a convincing argument. Either way, I'm not going to get too wound up about it because I have yet to hear of someone going to jail for ethically justified warning shots.
It seems like a lot of people criticize how others post, but few people create their preferred form of content. Be the change you want to see. Make a post to discuss your most recent read. Maybe it will catch on.
You would drop the sheet even in hot weather? I can't imagine that would be comfortable when you are shirtless and sweat (which is mandatory in the south in July).
Swears can be caught autonomously. Child abuse requires human intervention.
No one ever discussed ideas in public squares, that's just impractical. It happened on private property where you definitely could be removed. If you feel suppressed then find another privately owned space where hate speech is allowed.
I don't think that we need to involve KKK members when trying to have a balanced discussion.
How is that any different from the power that the media has had? If anything, the power of individual organizations has decreased.
I think Trump is a petulant child, but YouTube banning Trump supporters would not be a good thing. I highly doubt that is what they are doing.
Giving hate speech a platform leads to growth of their ideologies.
Castle doctrine does not allow you to shoot shoot someone stealing things from your yard.
It isn't (in most states).
No, because the neighbors would run the owner out of town rather than describe how friendly he is.
He broke the law. That's why he was arrested. I'm probably taking this joke too seriously.
If people stop using the Amazon website then they will shut it down. They aren't going to lose money on purpose just because AWS is profitable.
Congressmen close tax loopholes, not CEOs.
You are right. I am rapidly learning that many people are cool with literal Nazis.
