["If you're thinking about going to college, you should try to test out of as many classes as you can. I designed this course with the CLEP and the Advanced Placement Biology exam in mind. Throughout the course I'll point out information that is specifically relevant to test-takers. **(There is one exception: This course does not teach evolution, even though the subject is always a part of those exams.)"**](https://www.ronpaulcurriculum.com/public/206.cfm)
Libertarians concede defeat in the marketplace of ideas.
/r/Libertarian has the right to ban whoever they want to ban, but they also forfeit whatever tiny bit of moral high ground they had left in the process. It shows that they are just as much "snowflakes" who need a "safe space" as the people they try to criticize. Libertarians insist that Gary Johnson would instantly win the national market place of ideas in a matter of minutes, if only he were allowed in the debates. But they can't even win the marketplace of their sub. They insist that we need open debates and engagement to persuade the other side, but they're afraid to debate with leftists. Also, the fact that they're only banning people on the left while letting the Trumpers run free is just begging for disaster.
&gt; It's no longer Auth vs Lib, but instead Left vs Right. Libertarianism isn't about Liberals or Conservatives, nor does it have anything to do with racial/lgbt/religious topics, but all that has been the largest topic of debate on the sub /r/libertarian has *always* been right vs. left. In theory, libertarians are fiscally conservative/economically liberal. In practice, the sub has always been dominated by republicans who also like weed. Threads are generally either aligning with conservatives to bash the libs, or circlejerking over "both sides are bad" without really saying anything of substance. Even before Trump got elected, the sub was pro-voter suppression of minorities, anti-women's reproductive rights, pro-MRA, etc. The only shift now is that now the sub is a lot more outspoken about being socially conservative. Which means that they're now spending a lot of time apologizing for Trump, and a lot of the most popular threads are simply bashing PC-culture.
The sub is definitely worse today, but aside from marijuana, it was *never* socially liberal. The only difference is that pre-2016, they were more likely to downplay some of their common ground with republicans.
&gt; Well, if I thought I could then yeah. Rent it out, use that money to buy a house inland, problem solved.If I thought I couldn’t, I’ll sell it to someone who thinks they can.**You’re kind of proving my point.** I don't think you remember what your "point" actually was. The argument was, "If people believe that climate change is real, then why aren't people selling?" That question answers itself: If people believe believe that climate change is real, then they won't want to buy. Your response was: "People will want to buy because the gains from renting out the property over the next 20 years will be more than the cost of buying it, even if they know that it's going to flood." Again, your response answers itself. If the land is profitable to own even if you know it's going to flood, then there's no point to selling it now.
&gt; My point was that when the sea levels rise, people will move inland. No one’s going to die from rising sea levels flooding their beachfront property. You're assuming that sea level increase is a gradual thing that moves in a straight line, and doesn't have spikes and dips. Do you understand how storms work?
&gt; Yeah, people die in storms all the time. People have died in storms forever. People dying in a hurricane is not the same as people dying from rising sea levels. This is like hearing someone say, "Cutting the brake lines isn't the same as people dying in car crashes." Technically, it's not. But the former makes the latter much more likely to happen. Rising sea levels makes storms more volatile. &gt; The data for how climate change is increasing storm severity is shaky at best. It's only considered shaky if you ask the same people who denied that climate change was happening in the first place.
I notice that phone companies decided to replace switch board operators with computer systems that automatically reroute your calls, and Netflix replaces video rental clerks with online streaming. These things would clearly never happen if not for the minimum wage.
&gt; So the minimum wage had nothing to do with replacing the cashiers with machines? At this point, you don't even need a kiosk. Customers can download a free app from their phones and order directly. How low does the minimum wage need to be to compete with a free phone app?
&gt; If this is capitalism, what would you call the system a hundred-some-odd years ago, prior to massive government intervention in markets and the massive welfare state? You mean like that period in American history before the welfare state existed and slavery was still legal?
&gt; The phone app costs money to the restaurant develop and maintain. These costs must be covered by the price you pay as a customer. It is not free. The app is free to download and free to use, which is the typically understood meaning of the word "free." And the development costs on the corporate side is a tiny fraction of what they'd be saving from reduced labor costs. &gt; The value of a cashier or waiter or other human employee versus a machine depends on many factors, including the customer's subjective valuation. Some customers do value personal service by a human I don't think you understand the appeal of "fast food." The goal of fast food isn't "personal service," it's literally about being fast. An app will process orders faster than a human because you can order in advance and you don't have to wait in line. &gt; If you are trying to convince us that the minimum wage is not tied to the switch to kiosks because the app is free (or essentially so), you must explain why the app/kiosk didn't replace the cashier before the min wage was implemented. The federal minimum wage as we know it was first implemented in the 1960s, and has increased periodically ever since. Are you really confused on why no one was using smart phones to order food before the 1960s? In 1980, a minimum wage employee making $3.10 per hour would need to work about 177 hours to earn enough money to buy 64 kilobytes of RAM. In 2018, a minimum wage employee making $7.25 per hour would need to work about 60 hours to buy 64 **gigabytes** of RAM. Literally a million times more storage. And the RAM you buy today would be far faster and more efficient. The cost of technology drops by half every 18 months. Meaning that even if you cut the salaries of all minimum wage employees by 50% tomorrow, it would only take another 18 months before the dropping price of technology caught up accordingly. And even if the technology was available in the 1960s, you would still need to wait for it to get to a point where average people would know how to use it. People are far more comfortable with their phones today compared to 5 years ago.
&gt; I’d argue not all rights are given at the time of birth. I feel that would be an **oversimplification** that would lead to the contradiction you mentioned. Yeah, which is basically libertarianism in a nutshell.
&gt; Enforcement of property rights simply means you aren't allowed to take other peoples' stuff. Slavery is the attempt to own or sell something that isn't yours. In the state of nature, I have the right to wander where ever I want. Keep in mind that my right to wander exists even if I never use it, for the same reason I have the right to free speech for statements I have yet to make. As soon as someone declares private property of land, that right is taken away from me, under the threat of violence, without my consent.
&gt; Try wandering into a pride of lions and see what they think of your argument. Carving out a defensible space is nature 101. So basically you're just advocating for a "might makes right system" where ownership is justified by acts of violence.
&gt; I don’t think it’s fair to bunch up the ideological radicals with the moderates, since virtually every political philosophy fails in some capacity when implemented in its purest state. That's like saying that flat Earth theory is fine as long as long as you gloss over the unscientific parts.
&gt; looks empty, I'm not shopping at a place where I have to bag my own groceries. Unless you're physically incapable, it's not that hard. Asking the customers to bag the groceries themselves takes the same amount of time, but frees up the employees to help in other ways. And if you are physically incapable, there's usually a supervisor who you can ask for help.
&gt; they don’t necessarily want to replace people with technology That's a good recipe for going out of business then. Blockbuster didn't want to replace store clerks with automated systems. Kodak didn't want to replace film labs with digital photo processing. Sears didn't want to replace retail with online commerce. etc.
&gt; Why do people keep saying this when its wrong on multiple levels. This would happen if minimum wage was 5 dollars an hour. It would probably be happening even if the minimum wage was zero. Because even if the employees made zero dollars per hour, you still have to deal with paperwork, scheduling, liability, loss prevention, etc. If someone offered to drive over to my house and do my dishes by hand for 3 hours a day for free, I would still probably tell them no and use the machine at my own convenience.
&gt; Is that supposed to be an argument? Yes it has, so what? Industry hasn't implemented certain solutions due to their relative cost, which of course changes if the substitute's cost changes, does it not? Since 1980, the minimum wage has basically doubled. While the cost of RAM storage is basically 3 million times cheaper, along with being faster and more efficient and an all around superior product. Also, the technology is far more accessible and easier to use. But sure. Let's assume that the adoption of new technology is being driven mostly by the former, rather than the latter.
&gt; The industry has been plagued by inefficient and expensive union labor, which is why automation is so appealing. "Everyone would still be using Blockbuster video instead of Netflix if it weren't for those damned unions!"
&gt; Just as slave labor deincentivized automation, high minimum wages incentivize it. "No one would want to order pizza online if it wasn't for that damned minimum wage!"
There are many incentive for adopting new technology that have jack shit to do with the minimum wage.
&gt; That still doesn’t make my comment any less valid. "A 1 mph wind increases the speed that trains move throughout the country!" That statement might technically be valid, but it's also incredibly misleading, because the contribution is insignificant to the point of being meaningless.
&gt; Proof? You're asking me to prove a negative? If you have a solution, it's your job to present it.
&gt; What part about “increasing labor costs increases the rate at which automation is developed” Is misleading? Because you're not saying how much the rate is actually increased. An increase of 0.0000000000001% should have no impact on policy decisions, but it's still an increase.
Are you saying that transistors don't qualify as technology?
You're comparing hand car wages to fast food dining.
Transistors are kind of a huge part of technology, especially the type of technology that we're seeing in this type of automation. Today I can hold a smart phone in my hand that's vastly more powerful than a multimillion dollars super computer the size of a room from a few decades ago. At the same time, programming languages have gotten better and are much easier to use. Customers are far more savvy. I can use my phone to order a pizza or a burger without having to talk to a human. More importantly, the system is super easy for an average person. The technology to make this happen wasn't available the last time the minimum wage was released. And even if it was, most customers would have no idea how to use it.
&gt; Nope, I'm saying using "in the state of nature" and making up some stuff about being able to wander isn't a good argument. So are you claiming that the right to wander doesn't exist in the state of nature? If so, then how was property rightfully acquired in the first place, if the person attempting to acquire property never had the right to be wander there in the first place? &gt; Ownership is protected by acts of self defense. Right. And in the state of nature, I own the right to wander freely, which you are attempting to take away from me. &gt; You "wandering" onto the land I claimed prevents my use of it 100% backwards. The person attempting to claim exclusive ownership is the one taking away usage rights away from other people, not the other way around. Me walking down the beach to enjoy a sunset doesn't prevent others from doing the same. But you putting a gun to my head and threatening to murder me for enjoying the same sunset that you enjoy clearly does.
You haven't demonstrated that point at all.
&gt; However, why should we incentivize large corporations to adopt automation even quicker Define the rate of "quicker." Is it 100% faster? 1000% faster? 1% faster? .00001% faster? etc. Because depending on what the number is, the symbol answer is "because the tradeoff is more than worth it."
&gt; The idea that they see this and think it is bad suggests they aren’t libertarian at all. It's the same reason libertarians don't care about the Civil Rights Act, Voting Rights Act, etc. But bring up the minimum wage, and they'll insist that demanding for black people to be paid a living wage is racist against black people and now they're the biggest advocates of black rights ever.
&gt; This is how it hurts laborers: it prices people out of the market by telling people what they can and cannot charge for their labor and doesn’t allow unskilled workers to develop skills they desperately need to move up the ladder in the workforce. 1. Job markets have this thing called "turn over." 5% unemployment doesn't mean that 5% of the population is indefinitely unemployed for their entire lives. It means that on average, if there are 52 weeks in a year, then 2.5 of those weeks will be spent in between jobs. 2. We also have these things called social safety nets to protect people during those 2.5 weeks of unemployment. &gt; Example: if someone has no skills or education their main leverage is to work for cheap labor, if the minimum wage is too high companies simply won’t hire them. Therefore they make $0 and they develop no skills. That's going to happen even if the minimum wage is zero. Would you hire an uneducated person to perform brain surgery if he charged you zero dollars? Would you hire a child molester to babysit your kids if he was willing to work for free? Do you think that restaurants will allow random people off the street to hang around in the kitchen as long as they're not getting a pay check?
"If you don't understand how this magic rock keeps tigers from invading your home then I don't know how to explain it to you." The reason you don't know how to explain is because your entire argument assumes a pre-industrial economy where workers are in short supply and employers are already paying the highest possible wages to compete for the best workers. Your analysis completely fails in a post industrial economy where we can get by on fewer workers, which means that you will always be stuck with an unemployed segment of the population, leading to a race to the bottom and a deflationary spiral. If I get paid half as much money, then I have to work twice as many hours to pay my bills. If I work twice as many hours, then the boys can get by on one fewer employee. This leads to increased unemployment, which leads to increased competition, which leads to lower wages, which creates a never ending cycle, which leads to economic depression. Your argument is that uneducated people will decide that having a low paying job is better than no job at all in order to compete with educated people. But what happens if the educated people come to that same decision? Now, both of them agree to work for less money, and the uneducated person still doesn't have a job. You haven't actually increased employment for uneducated people. All you did was lower the wages for everyone else, who now have to work longer hours, resulting in even more unemployment.
&gt; TIL I’m an anti-vaxxer because I believe people should be able to sell their labor for **what they want** Really? So if you conducted a survey among minimum wage workers and asked them if they want a pay cut, do you really believe that the majority of them would tell you use? Accepting less pay because there are more workers than job opening is not the same thing as *wanting* to be paid less. And the reason you're an anti-vaxxer is because you're attempting to repeat the mistakes of history.
&gt; Property is acquired through the improvement of land So I get to steal something that rightfully belongs to someone else as long as I declare that I somehow improved upon it, even if the other person never consents? Who gets to determine what is or isn't a valid claim? &gt; and then transferred through money or trade in exchange for the labor put into it Again: **Slaves** were transferred through money or trade. Does that somehow make slave ownership legitimate? If you never rightfully acquired someone else's freedom to wander around, then you cannot legitimately sell that right to someone else. &gt; Unowned property gets wrecked the most by far. The tragedy of the commons certainly does prevent people from enjoying land. Then by that logic, *no one* should be allowed to use the land. &gt; We're not about to child-proof the rocks and trees. You can wander wherever you want, but either way you slice it you'll have to avoid animal territory, human territory, etc. Next you'll get mad at the trees for growing in your way. Again, you're delving into "might makes right." You're basically arguing that rights no longer exist the moment someone else can take them away from you. Your right to wander no longer exists if an animal kills you in the wild. Your right to property no longer exists if a bandit takes it from you at gun point. &gt; Where are you getting this "right to wander" anyway? I could kill you in nature, but that doesn't make it my right. Nature disagrees with your entire premise. If you don't think that the right to wander exist, then the rightful acquisition of property can't exist either, because you're claiming ownership over property you had no right to enter in the first place. Either everyone in the state of nature enjoyed the right to wander, or no one did.
&gt; Do you know who loves minimum wage hikes? Giant corporations. They can afford to pay their small staff of janitors higher wages while making it even harder for small startups and existing competitors to compete. LOL, so basically the "if not for the minimum wage, everyone would still be using mom and pop video rental stores instead of Netflix" argument. Do you really believe that the only thing stopping giant corporations from crushing their competitors is the minimum wage? We haven't seen a minimum wage increase in nearly a decade, yet miraculously, that hasn't stopped giant corporations from crushing their competition. Meanwhile, look at how Uber crushed their competition. Did they do that by increasing wages of the average driver? Nope. Quite the contrary. &gt; Why do you think Amazon is supporting a $15 minimum wage? Probably because they were getting a lot of bad publicity and protest for being a trillion dollar company who's employees were making next to nothing and feinting from heat stroke. And once again, that $15 wage for warehouse employees only happened recently. Amazon had no trouble crushing the mom and pop shops long before that happened. &gt; You can't just arbitrarily start paying more for something than its worth Prove they aren't worth that. Show me the data.
&gt; Yes, and just because they make 10,000 copies of Red Dead incredibly cheap doesn't mean they are selling it incredibly cheap. The demand is high therefore they can inflate the price. McDonald's hires their own software developers.
&gt; Wow, you’re right! If there was no minimum wage as a baseline for my negotiations with a company its not like I can look at expenses in the world and cost of living and compare what I needed to live with what a company would be willing to pay, right? We tried your strategy during the great depression. It didn't work out so well. Again, your logic falls apart once you realize that people can work longer hours or multiple jobs. So you're negotiating enough to break even, but now you're doing twice as much work, so the employer only needs to hire half a many people, increasing unemployment overall. And since unemployment is high, it means you are easily replaced if you threaten to leave.
Private organization refuses to include a third party candidate with 1% support in the nationally televised debates: "This is voter disenfranchisement, all voices must be heard!" GOP literally putting democratic absentee votes through the shredder: "Meh."
The fact that it barely warrants a conversation there demonstrates that the dominant opinion is "I don't give a fuck."
&gt; Property is often acquired through killing, but I never said anyone had the "right to kill". 1. Declaring rightful ownership implies you can rightfully kill people who enter without your permission 2. Declaring you can rightfully kill people who enter without your permission implies the right to kill those people The problem is that every time I ask you where the right to kill in #2 comes from, you point me back to #1, which is the very definition of circular reasoning. #1 assumes that #2 is already true, but #2 is only true by assuming #1. &gt; As for how you acquire the right to property, check Mises for an argument on that. Again, you sound like a bible thumper telling people that they need to read the bible for proof that the bible is real. You can try pointing to Mises, but that still doesn't answer the underlying question. It boils down to, "By performing ritual X, you acquire the right to own this land (which of course entails the right to kill)." But the connection between ritual X to the right to kill is only *assumed*, never explained. &gt; Forgive me for not saying this earlier, I honestly didn't know you were unaware of the property rights argument. I'm apparently more aware of it than you are, which is why I can actually spot the underlying circular reasoning whereas you continue to be willfully ignorant. &gt; I need to breath to live, bro So does that mean that libertarians believe that stealing food is okay as long as you need food to live? &gt; People want energy because it makes them more productive. Coal mines and such are great resources for energy, otherwise they'd be useless, and there would be no point to mine the coal. Coal being "used up and destroyed" involves people willingly buying the energy provided by the coal. I don't think you really have any idea what type of point you're trying to make here. "People like to burn coal!" has no real impact in the context of anything you're trying to say. &gt; Correct, and you can defend yourself against reality. And people can defend themselves against libertarianism. &gt; Welp, except for the "mix your labor with the land" birds and bees talk, that about covers it. Mixing labor with land is a non-sequitur. If I mix my labor with a building by spray painting it, does that mean I now own the building? What if I mix my labor with your right to wander on land? Does that make me the owner of your right to wander? You're basically claiming ownership of something that doesn't belong to you because you fulfilled a rule of your own invention by performing a service that no one asked you to perform, in order to justify the use of force and violence.
&gt; It literally is by definition. So charging people property taxes after they voluntarily signed a property contract agreeing to pay those taxes in exchange for owning property is coercion. But threatening to murder uninvolved third parties who never consented to any agreement and who never recurve any firm of compensation because they won't forfeit their freedom to wander is totally okay? &gt; No they don't. Ignoring half the argument doesn't make it disappear. I didn't ignore anything, I simply pointed out that your arguments are circular. You keep relying on assumptions that you refuse to explain. **Simple question: If someone in the state of threatens to murder me for trespassing because he claims to be the rightful owner on a piece of land, how do I know that person is telling the truth?** You have no answer for that. Your entire argument not only assumes that X is true, but it also assumes that everyone else will *recognize* X is true through unknown means. Suppose I approach a house in the state of nature, and you claim to be the owner. How do I verify this? How do I know you didn't simply murder the previous occupants? The only thing I know for certain is that I never forfeited my right to peacefully wander, and that anyone who claims otherwise is a liar. Libertarian property theory relies on the logic of, "*I* own *my*self, therefore, I own this property, which overrides *your* ownership of *your*self." Or the shorter version: "I own me, therefore, I own your right to live." &gt; "I have the right to defend myself against an intruder because I have a right to protect my own life." Non sequitur, because a person enjoying the same beach that you enjoy isn't a threat in your life. Ann and Bob both walk on the beach. Ann is content to avoid causing any direct harm to Bob if Bob avoid causing any direct harm to Ann. But Bob arbitrarily declares himself the owner because he built a sand castle that no one asked him to build and threatens to murder Ann if she doesn't leave. Bob's declaration of ownership also implies the right to murder. Your assessment of the situation is totally backwards, since you're basically arguing that Bob declaring the right to murder somehow means that Ann is the one committing aggression. The only way you can justify it is via the circular reasoning of "Bob has the right to murder Ann if we start from the assumption that Bob has the right to murder Ann." Self-ownership is inalienable simply because it cannot be traded, and therefore, cannot be contested. The entire purpose of capitalism is that physical property *can* be traded, which means that ownership is alienable. If you claim to be the owner of the face attached to your mouth, then I have no reason to doubt you. But if you claim to be the owner of a beach, then how do I know you're telling the truth? Heck, under capitalism, you don't even have to be physically present to claim ownership. So if a person from the other side of the planet claims to own a piece of land, how do I verify this? &gt; This is the case in all systems and life. If a collective builds something by vote of an enormous crowd, 99.99% of the population is being aggressed against, by your logic. Your argument is missing a few steps. What logic are you referring to, and how are you applying it? &gt; Building stuff on land is necessary. Taxes aren't. Your just making blanket settings with no way to test or measure them, much less an actual argument for why they're true. How exactly are you testing what does or doesn't qualify as "necessary"? &gt; But you'd still do it, right? Regardless of your justifications, would you defend your home from wanderers? Irrelevant question. My argument is that behavior X contradicts libertarian ideology. Pointing out that people willingly choose to engage in behavior X doesn't change that fact. If the government disappears tomorrow and people resort to looting, does that mean that looting is consistent with the libertarian ideology? &gt; Nobody lives that long, as far as I can tell. Yet the claim of ownership extend well beyond a person's individual life. Are you impression that property follows goblin rules from Harry Potter?
&gt; I'll be paying for property taxes whether I own the property or not, since I need a place to stay You literally don't. Do you think that homeless people pay property tax? &gt; I don't support property taxes, no. So you just contradicted your own premise. &gt; And no, nobody would be coerced, but chances are they'll want services or have some connection to society who can vouch for them. Again, who gets to determine whether or not a vouch is legitimate in the absence of a centralized authority? &gt; As for the rest, you can forge governments docs too. The difference is that government has clearly formal guidelines that everyone must follow for testing whether documents are authentic, where as your system is entirely subjective informal optional guidelines. In civil society, you can compel someone in a court of law even if they don't want to be there, and force them to follow the court rulings even if they disagree with the authority of the state. But libertarian ideology is based on the belief that people should be free to do whatever they want as long as they're not initiating force, which means that they should be free to ignore the rulings of the court room if they never consented to the court room's authority. &gt; You seem to agree both trespassing and stealing are wrong though Again: What I personally believe and what the libertarian ideology dictates are two completely different things. &gt; We've established that nobody gives a damn about natural rights. No, we really haven't, because the entire moral argument of libertarianism is based on the assumption that natural rights exist and that taxes/regulations are a violation. The problem is that libertarians try to cite natural rights as a moral argument when it suits their purpose, but they don't actually accept the full implications that a theory of natural rights would entail. The libertarian ideology is based on the idea that it's immoral for the state to charge taxes to build a road that you personally didn't ask them to build, even if 99.999% of the population supports the road and even if you personally benefit from the commerce the road makes possible. All it takes is for one person to say "I object to this tax," and suddenly the road is a form of theft and coercion. But at the same time, they insist that it's okay for a private individual to deny land rights to the rest of the population simply by building a structure that no one asked the individual to build, and which no one else would benefit from. It's a very inconsistent ideology. &gt; The same is true of property rights, which never seem to matter when we're genociding Natives. Correct. Ayn Rand famously justified the slaughter of the Native Americans by arguing they forfeited their rights to the land by not having Western culture. My point is, the libertarian ideology tends to be very hypocritical when it comes to property rights. The problem is that it's trying to come up with a moral theory to justify "got mine, fuck you," and it ends up contradicting itself a lot. &gt; This isn't in dispute. The point is, libertarian ideology believes that property rights extends indefinitely. Even when you die, you can still dictate who the property is passed onto, assuming you have a will. It's also possible to give or sell property to an organization, which don't necessarily die of old age.
&gt; The one you called an irrelevant question. Scroll up. Would I do something that contradicts the libertarian moral framework? Sure. &gt; The ability to choose different services. Which means that I am free to choose only the services that side with me and ignore the services that don't. Unfortunately, everyone is free to do the same, resulting in a stalemate. &gt; &gt; So what happens when people only select services that will agree with them 100% of the time and you end up with a bunch of different people with different services saying different things? &gt; &gt; You use all the other evidence I mentioned to cross-reference until the bad services are weeded out. You're proving my point, because people are free to create their own definition of "bad" service, including "any service that is likely to disagree with me." Why do you think corporations love private arbitration and private ratings agencies so much? I asked you what would happen if everyone picked a service that agreed with them 100% of the time, and your reply is that people can turn down services they don't like. &gt; In a country with more prosperity, yes. They're starting from rock bottom. So libertarian self-reliance and bootstraps only works if everyone starts off with a massive handout with lots of free stuff? Sounds rather contradictory. &gt; Unless you're the one being violent by "defending" your "right to wander" against people building a fence or a house that's too big, or unless it's a government kicking me out of my campsite because I lived in the forest for too long, or unless a government builds those open roads I apparently have no access to despite it literally removing my access and therefore freedom to wander in those areas. What a crock of shit. I have no idea what you're trying to say here in the context of the conversation, it sounds like you're just making a generic and aimless rant.
By your logic, all labor in general is a form of slavery, because your employer is always going to collect a % of the profits that you generate.
&gt; People should be **free**... &gt; &gt; **Make them...** Uh-huh.
&gt; Children and rights explained Yeah, that pretty much confirms what I said. "Applying our theory to parents and children, this means that a parent does not have the right to aggress against his children, but also that the parent should not have a legal obligation to feed, clothe, or educate his children, since such obligations would entail positive acts coerced upon the parent and depriving the parent of his rights. The parent therefore may not murder or mutilate his child, and the law properly outlaws a parent from doing so. But the parent should have the legal right not to feed the child, i.e., to allow it to die.2 The law, therefore, may not properly compel the parent to feed a child or to keep it alive.3 (Again, whether or not a parent has a moral rather than a legally enforceable obligation to keep his child alive is a completely separate question.) **This rule allows us to solve such vexing questions as: should a parent have the right to allow a deformed baby to die (e.g., by not feeding it)?4 The answer is of course yes, following a fortiori from the larger right to allow any baby, whether deformed or not, to die.**" &gt; Exclusive land use and compensation explained Again, that link link seems to confirm what I said. "One more element of individual sovereignty needs to be addressed: the issue of land ownership. Self-ownership implies the ownership of one’s labor, the products of labor, and the wages of labor. But self-ownership does not apply to nature, all that is apart from persons and human action."
Again, you have the option to quit your job if you don't think taxes are worth it, so the person who doesn't seem to understand the difference is you.
&gt; No - because I consent to that free trade. And part of that free trade involved voluntarily signing a W-4 form agreeing to pay taxes. Just like you might have signed a form agreeing to abide the company's code of contact, or a form agreeing to contribute X amount of labor. If you didn't want to sign the W-4 form or abide the company's code of contact or agree to contribute X amount of labor, you didn't have to, and you would be no worse off than you were before.
&gt; They could go on the lam, go to a different country. Just like you’re proposing I do. Nope. Quitting your job isn't a crime.
&gt; Moving to a different place will also get you away from the robber. So by your logic, all forms of labor are slavery because you shouldn't have to find a different job if you don't like the job you have right now. &gt; PS, if I quit my job and move somewhere else, the tax man will still get me "If I quit my job and apply for a job somewhere else, my new employer will still expect me to work, therefore, all jobs are a form of slavery because I have to work even if I don't really want to."
&gt; What if you can’t afford the tax to remove your citizenship? Once again, you don't have to revoke your citizenship to quit your job. People do that all the time. &gt; Now this is going in circles Right. I'm pointing out that people can quit their job, and you keep sticking your fingers in your ears and shouting "nuh-uh!!!"
&gt; I can't quit my job because I have to support myself. ~~The government~~ **My employers** knows this and that is why they ~~tax us~~ **profit from my labor**. We produce the value in society and they confiscate it. It's the same logic dude. Every time we have a minimum wage thread, the libertarians will insist, "If you don't think that the employer is paying you fairly, then you should quit!" Why doesn't that same logic apply to taxes?
&gt; What about those of us **who obviously haven't agreed to taxation and only pay** because we want to avoid confrontations with police? Which specific taxes are you referring to? Income tax, you sign a W-4. Property tax, there's a clause in the buyers agreement. Sales tax, you can always refuse the transaction. etc. So which specific tax are you paying now that you did not voluntarily agree to pay?
&gt; Because otherwise I work illegally. You would have me break the law or starve. You are a monster who doesn't care about poor people. So according to you, Uber is a form of slavery, because the only way to make a job as an Uber driver is if you agree to give Uber a cut. Auto loans are a form of slavery, because the only way to take the car from the lot legally is if you're willing to break the law.
&gt; If I vote for the party that pushes lower taxes, but the other party ends up governing am I agreeing to higher taxes? "If I vote for my employer to pay me $50 per hour but my employer pushes to only pay me $7.25 an hour, am I agreeing to $7.25 an hour?" &gt; Did the government negotiate taxes with me? You bet. Just like your employer gave you the chance to negotiate before paying you minimum wage. &gt; Which both “things” are comparable exactly? If jobs are voluntary, then so are taxes. If you want to insist "taxes aren't voluntary because I need this job to live!", then jobs aren't voluntary either.
&gt; I can negotiate my wages with my employer anytime I want Nope. Lots of times, your salary is determined by higher ups, or locked in by contract. &gt; if no agreement is made I can go on a strike You realize that people who go on strike don't earn income and therefore don't pay income taxes, right? &gt; If no agreement on taxes is made I cannot just stop paying taxes (legally). Sure you can. By going on strike. Which is the exact same option you have in the private sector.
&gt; Again, where does the authority come from for the uninvolved third party to require a contract? From your employer, since your employer is usually the one asking you to sign it. In exchange for getting you to sign the form, the employer receives benefits, such as the ability to write off your salary as a business expense.
&gt; If the government raises my taxes by 2%, it’s not like employer rejected my request for a $30 wage increase or even a $0.50 wage increase. Why not? &gt; Again, negotiating something ahead of time and then having it change is not agreement. In that case, your tax negotiation happened at the ballot box. &gt; If taxes are voluntary, then why do we go to jail for not paying them? They don't. They go to jail for committing fraud. For instance, homeless people almost never pay taxes, but I don't see the police rounding them up and locking them in jail for it.
&gt; It’s not because as an employee, you pushed to negotiate a higher wage. An employer doesn’t have to give you a higher wage. But the government is taking away money from you that you once had. Customer at McDonalds hands you a $20 bill. But you only get a portion of it, the rest of it is taken by the store. The store is taking away you once had, ergo, working at McDonalds is slavery. &gt; They go to jail for tax evasion. Which is fraud. You notice how homeless people who don't commit fraud aren't going to jail for tax evasion? &gt; They’re paying taxes. The government required them to pay $0 and they’re paying that. So your argument is that even if the government was only charging you $0, you would still consider yourself a slave for having to pay a tax bill of nothing. Got it.
&gt; In your scenario you said the employee refused to obligate his side of the voluntary agreement and was stealing from his employer. No, I said he was stealing from his employer if we use the same logic that you use regarding taxes. When you apply for a paycheck, you agree to give your employer a cut of money you collect from the customer, and you to give the government a cut of money you collect from the employer. If you aren't happy with those terms, then you can quit your job. Either both of these acts are slavery, or neither is. &gt; &gt; Please explain to me **how exactly the IRS found out** and **where the people were locked in jail**, and I will point to where they committed fraud. You completely avoided this question. &gt; Take for example the case of the public accountant in Michigan sentences to five months in prison Since no name or link was provided, it's impossible to comment on the details of the case. But since the person was a public accountant, it sure sounds like outright fraud was likely involved. Do you think fraud should be legal? If I submit fake financial documents to lease a Ferrari and then refuse to pay, do you think that should be okay?
&gt; Employers don't require the W4 form. The state does. "Passengers don't require Uber service fees, Uber does. Ergo, Uber fees are a form of slavery." &gt; A contract is not valid if it's signed under duress. Duress doesn't apply if you have the option to walk away without consequence, which you do. Otherwise, Uber contracts would be considered a form of duress because you can't get paid by passengers on Uber without signing a contract agreeing to pay their fees.
I don't think you even know what your point is.
&gt; Customer gave that money to McDonalds, not to you. You never had the $20. Employer gave your money to the government via withholdings that you consented to via the W-4 form, not to you. &gt; Homeless people don't go to jail for tax evasion because they don't commit **tax evasion.** If taxes are truly voluntary, then you shouldn't go to jail for **not paying taxes.** "Tax evasion" != "not paying taxes." We already established that homeless people don't pay taxes and don't go to jail, so your claim that people are going to jail for not paying taxes is provably false. You might as well claim that refusing to buy a car is being criminalized because carjackers get thrown in jail for not buying them.
&gt; First of all I don't live in the US and have not signed such a thing. If you never signed such a thing, then please explain to everyone how you got caught. &gt; Second what would happen if I pay someone to work for me without signing this (whatever that is)? The US doesn't have a crystal ball that informs them of every time someone gets paid under the table. If you're on the radar for tax evasion, then chances are that you committed blatant fraud by signing to a voluntary agreement and then refusing to uphold your end of the bargain. If you disagree, then feel free to provide a citation.
&gt; Why do I have to abandon my entire life just because I don't wanna be robbed? Lot's of people have to abandon their community and move for the sake of finding different work. Do you think that moving is a form of slavery?
So by your logic, all jobs in general are rape, because you shouldn't have to quit your job if you're unhappy with it.
&gt; Silly person having money. If you didn't have any property, there would be nothing to rob! "Car payments are a form of robbery. I shouldn't have to give up this car just because I don't want to make payments on it!"
&gt; So being able to avoid aggression is the same as consenting to it. That’s what you’re saying. So employment is a form of conscription. That is what you're saying. Boss #1: "Sign this W-4 form, or you won't get the job." Boss #2: "Sign this form agreeing to pay for car insurance when you drive for Uber, or you won't get the job." Why exactly is #1 a form of aggression, but #2 isn't?
&gt; False equivalency. The company is forced to use those forms. Nope. The business always has the option of shutting down, moving outside the jurisdiction, or renegotiating via the democratic process.
&gt; Can you find a single country that doesn't tax you nor violate your rights? "I can't find a landlord that will give me an apartment for free, therefore, paying rent is theft."
&gt; Explain how not leaving the country is providing consent to being extorted. "My landlord telling me to pay rent or leave is extortion."
&gt; If i vote for the party that's pushing lower taxes, but the other party pushing for higher taxes wins and raises the taxes did I agree to paying higher taxes? You're basically saying that negotiations don't count if you're forced to make concessions. I don't think you understand what a negotiation is.
&gt; Voting is not a form of negotiating. Because...? You're basically saying that it doesn't count because you might have to make concessions you don't want to me. Which is true for all negotiations, and is sort of the entire point.
&gt; If you don't like paying protection money to the ~~mafia~~ **landlord**, just move! Fixed that for you. Do you think that rent is a form of theft and slavery? Do you think that it's theft and slavery for Uber demand you pay "protection money" in the form of buying car insurance if you want a job driving for Uber?
&gt; That's because somebody owns the car. And the US owns jurisdiction over taxes.
&gt; Negotiations occur with a goal of an agreement. Voting doesn’t have that goal. Voting is literally an attempt to find the position with the greatest amount of agreement.
&gt; That agreement is not consensual like employment contracts. Sure it is, since all parties have the option to back out. &gt; Again an agreement between two parties is not the same as taxation. I can't get a job for Uber unless I own a relatively new vehicle, therefore, owning a new vehicle isn't voluntary.
&gt; Again, we’re going by making our analogies more accurate. So we just change it again to commodities, products, and merchandise. You forgot "services", which is what your tax dollars actually pay for. &gt; And homeless people not paying taxes isn’t absurd? They are required to pay $0 Sure, in the same sense that you are "required" to pay $0 to the auto dealer when you choose not to buy a car. &gt; Anyways again, an auto-dealer providing a product is not the same as the government providing public goods. In both cases, you have the option to opt-out and pay $0 if you don't think the price is worth it. You're claiming that owing $0 is extremely oppressive in one situation, but not the other, without being able to explain why.
You're back to defending fraud.
Do you think that landlords have the right to charge rent? What gives them the authority to tell you to either pay rent or move out?
&gt; I'm not going to deal with circular reasoning. Circular reasoning is the only type you know. &gt; You don't understand consent. Why? Because you said so? Circular reasoning.
&gt; Oh, look, he's getting mad and snarky now because he's been proven wrong. Proving me wrong would require citing the relevant portion. &gt; I can just refuse to give money to a mugger as well, that doesn't mean anything. Refusing to cooperate with a mugger puts you in a worse situation than you were before. Refusing to accept a gift does not.
&gt; "Angry authoritarian rants about how you have to follow their laws, or leave" "Angry libertarian rants about how you have to follow the market, or leave." &gt; Have you ever heard of poor people who can't just up and move So if I can't afford to leave my job, does that mean my job is slavery?
&gt; The entire article is relevant and about 4 paragraphs long. So you should have no trouble citing the relevant passage. &gt; And so does refusing to cooperate with the government. Nope. If you refuse to sign a W-4 form that your boss asks you to sign, you can simply go home, no worse off than before.
&gt; I never said you had to leave. So what's the recourse if you're unhappy with the terms of your private sector job, if not the ability to leave? &gt; You don't need to "afford to leave" to leave your job. You do need to afford to move, to move though. What if I can't? &gt; One of the major parts of not being able to afford to move, comes from the amount of money government charge you to move into their area. So if the government charged you 0% taxes on the $0 you have of disposable income, how much does that leave you with to move?
&gt; I have to work and produce to consume. It is in my best interest to work even though I get a portion of my pay confiscated. So you're admitting that you con sensually agreed to this arrangement because the benefits outweigh the costs.
&gt; You didn’t explain how it wasn’t relevant to the situation It's impossible to prove a negative. For instance, how would I "prove" that melanin content shouldn't affect your right to vote?
&gt; I don’t have to prove relevance, you dismissed my question and claimed a lack of relevance. Right. Because in logic, the null hypothesis is assumed unless proven otherwise, because it's it's impossible to prove a negative. &gt; That’s why the onus is now on you. Nope. If you claim "I have a medication that cures cancer," we don't assume it works until someone else proves it doesn't. We assume it doesn't work until someone proves that it does. Likewise, if you claim something is relevant, we don't assume relevance until proven otherwise. We assume irrelevance unless you can show why it's important. Ever watch a court room drama where one side shouts "relevance" as an objection? The burden is always on the person being challenged.
&gt; And if I decide to open my own business, what then? Does your own business rely on public resources? If so, expect to pay up. If not, then how exactly would you get caught? Also, you're free to re-locate to a jurisdiction that won't charge you taxes. The problem is, you want the *benefits* of public resources, without having to actually pay for them.
&gt; We're arguing for change. And what exactly is your plan for achieving that change?
&gt; You have to pay sales tax. You have the option to refuse the transaction. &gt; Even if you want to become fully self sufficient, you will undoubtedly pay a tax at some point. If you're fully self-sufficient, then why would you need to buy anything?
&gt; &gt; How do I independently verify your claim that public goods lack property P if I'm not already assuming your claim to be true? &gt; &gt; In one we have a public good and in the other we have a commercial good. It’s comparing apples to oranges. So like I said, your attempt at relevancy depend on the circular reasoning of already assuming itself to be true, without any form of independent verification. "X is only bad when the government does it (but not when private industry does it) because the government is bad, and government is bad because it does X (which is only bad when the government does it)." &gt; Your just avoiding the question like you did when I asked you to differentiate between a strike and quitting. Asking you for relevance isn't evasion. Again, it happens in court rooms all the fucking time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance_(law) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materiality_(law) The fact that you think that this is a form of evasion further demonstrates that you have no idea how formal discussion actually works.
&gt; Dodging a question is evasion. But I'm not dodging, I'm asking for its relevance. If we were in a court room and you asked a question and I objected by asking for the relevancy and you couldn't explain what the relevancy was, the judge would tell the witness to ignore the question and move on. Likewise, if you present evidence but can't explain the relevance, the judge would have it stricken from the record. &gt; Words used in a conversation or discussion need to be defined for it to go forward, especially if there is disagreement on how to use terms. Words should be defined as they become relevant. You haven't demonstrated what the relevancy of your definitions are.
&gt; I declare myself king of the Americas. By remaining in my jurisdiction you agree to obey any laws I choose to impose upon you. Now, I'll be taking 40% of your income (this is of course entirely voluntary, as you can avoid earning an income). I accept Visa and Mastercard. You just described the concept of landlords.
&gt; &gt; &gt; How can I explain to people that taxation, is very much like slavery, without them just telling me that it isn't slavery, but just the price we pay to live in society? &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; The people who respond aren't the ones you're talking to. Many people will see your argument and it will shake their understanding of things. Those people are the ones you're talking to. &gt; &gt; Yeh I agree, this thought is one of the only things that keeps me posting in subreddits like /r/australia LOL, these people are basically incels reading PUA techniques.
&gt; The definitions are relevant to the discussion because the terms being discussed are relevant because they are being discussed. This is circular reasoning. "This thing I'm talking about is relevant because I'm talking about it." &gt; You brought up an analogy between the government providing a common good and a business providing a commercial good. I emphasized that there is a difference between commercial good and public good. "You brought up an analogy between black voting rights and white voting rights. I emphasized that there is a difference between their skin colors. And skin color is an important distinction because I'm talking about it." &gt; We had to define it to decide whether or not a difference existed. The fact that black people have darker skin is irrelevant to the subject of voting rights regardless of whether or not those differences actually exist. &gt; If your not going to answer anymore questions and keep bringing up excusing to dodge them I’m done here. Do you even remember what your question was? All you've said is that the difference is relevant without ever saying why.
&gt; Yes because you don't understand how the economy works Remind us what happened to the national deficit under Paul Ryan's leadership.
&gt; Commercial goods and public goods are part of the analogy you gave. Sure, just like melanin content was part of the voting rights argument. Being part of something doesn't mean it's relevant to the point being made. &gt; I asked to define public goods and commercial goods. One is public and one is commercial. Relevance?
&gt; I don't have much hope for CS or engineering majors though. I remember a thread at /r/libertarian that went like this: Libertarians: "There's no gender discrimination in the tech industry, because if their was, companies would realize that women were undervalued and start hiring them more. We know this to be true because companies are rational about profit and don't like to waste money." Me: "Intel just invested $300 million specifically on outreach and diversity because they believe that underrepresented groups are undervalued." Libertarians: "That proves nothing. We obviously established that discrimination isn't real." Me: "But earlier you said that corporations are rational and don't waste money." Libertarians: "Umm... well... this is just a PR stunt then." Me: "Intel's main customers are other corporations who buy their products in bulk. So you're saying that companies will be perfectly rational when it comes to evaluating people, but swayed by emotions when it comes to evaluating computer chip performance?" Libertarians: "Yes, because discrimination isn't real. Also, those c**** were too stuck up to go out with me in high school." Me: "That sounds really sexist right there, dude." Libertarians: "No, see, I can't be sexist because I'm not a jock."
When you're so racist that you turn down a life saving organ because it comes from someone with a different skin color, and you project that behavior onto everyone else and assume that everyone else would do the same.
It was in there in the quote.
&gt; If I said the definition of an orange is an orange that would sound stupid wouldn’t it? https://www.dictionary.com/browse/orange adjective of or relating to the **orange.** made or prepared with **oranges** or **orangelike** flavoring: orange sherbet. of the color **orange**; reddish-yellow. &gt; That’s exactly what you did. Nope. You asked me to define "public **good**", which is not the same as asking me to define "public." If you asked me to define "orange **car**", then it would be perfectly fine to define it as a car that is orange. If you're unclear of what people mean by "car" and by "orange," then you should have said that in the first place. &gt; 1) You do not know how to define terms By your logic, neither does the dictionary. definition: the act of defining, or of making something definite, **distinct**, or clear Pointing out that one good is public and the other good is private is a distinction, and therefore qualifies as a definition. &gt; 2) You don’t know what the difference is despite me showing you an answer on what a public good is Really? Please explain why my definition was incorrect. Are you claiming that public goods *aren't* public and that private goods *aren't* private? You're the one dodging by focusing on irrelevant semantics. It's like getting into a debate on the morality of DUI laws, and spending the entire time forcing the other person to provide an adequate definition of "engine." The purpose of definitions is to clarify, but there's nothing to clarify if you can't explain the relevance.
&gt; Public good is one term. I asked you to define terms not words. term /tərm/Submit noun 1. **a word or phrase** used to describe a thing or to express a concept, especially in a particular kind of language or branch of study. Words and terms are not mutually exclusive. Once again, you're trying to distract from any serious discussion by pointing to incorrect and irrelevant semantics. &gt; That is why your definition is incorrect. Says the dude who doesn't even know what the word "term" means. &gt; Stop wasting my time and look shit up before you talk about it. You can't actually explain why my understand is wrong or incorrect in anyway. All you can do is move the goalpost and claim that my definition isn't good enough without actually being able to explain why. If we were debating the intricacies of DUI law, would it be relevant to define the difference between an ale and a lager? Nope. Because even though a difference between those things exist, and you can get more and more intricate in how you define them, it really has no relevance in the context of DUI law. If you claim that DUI law shouldn't apply to you because you only drink lager and not ale, it's not enough to show that a difference between lager and ale exist. You need to show that they are different in a way that would affect your level of impairment. Your attempts at irrelevant semantics is an act of dodging, because you're trying to steer the discussions to details that you can't explain the relevance of.
&gt; Dude it says words or phrase. phrase /frāz/Submit noun 1. a **small group of words** standing together as a conceptual unit, typically forming a component of a clause. &gt; It depends on the context of what’s being discussed whether a term is a word or a phrase. And this distinction is relevant to any point you're trying to make how? The fact that "public goods" is two words instead of one doesn't change the fact that I've provided a definition for it, which you have yet to refute or demonstrate to be incorrect &gt; Do I have to take you back to elementary school? Says the dude who doesn't understand what the word "word" means.
&gt; Definition is wrong, I showed a QA a while back that explained it well. What specific part of my definition was wrong? &gt; No I understand what word means, all I said was public goods is a phrase which is a term by your definition and you defined it wrong Again, which part?
&gt; &gt; What specific part of my definition was **wrong?** &gt; &gt; The fact that you just repeated the word public and called it a definition. Do you not know what the word "wrong" means? https://www.thefreedictionary.com/football+team football team - a team that plays football https://www.thefreedictionary.com/coal+mine coal mine - a mine where coal is dug from the ground &gt; Moreover it was too vague which added to the inaccuracy. "Inaccuracy" only applies if you can point to the relevant context that you're aiming for. Which you haven't. For instance, is it important to accurately know the difference between ale and lager? Well, if you're a bartender officer selling people drinks, the difference might be very important. But if you're a police officer arresting people for DUI, then the difference isn't important at all. If you're going to claim that my definition is too vague, then you need to point to a scenario where it falls short. You can't seem to do that. Because for the purposes of this discussion, it's not. It might be relevant when writing actual policy, but it's not relevant in determining whether or not taxes are a form of slavery and theft.
&gt;You can't actually explain why my definition is wrong. Your only complaint is that it could be better, which is something that philosophers have been struggling with since the time of Plato. &gt; &gt;It’s a terrible definition because it could be better. "Because it could be better" would pretty much invalidate every definition for nearly every word outside of pure math and fundamental science, period, including any definition that you choose to use instead. So basically you're saying my arguments are terrible because they have the same flaw that your arguments have. Which would make your own arguments terrible as well, per your own standard. &gt;You’re manipulating definitions that should be objective to cater to your subjective beliefs. ma·nip·u·late /məˈnipyəˌlāt/Submit verb gerund or present participle: manipulating 1. handle or control (a tool, mechanism, etc.), typically in a skillful manner. So you're telling me I'm handling things in a skillful manner? Okay then. &gt;2 + 2 = 7 + or - 3 is inaccurate and unacceptable due to how **error bounds are supposed to be defined.** The error bounds defined in "7 + or - 3" is **"+ or - 3"**. It's right there in the damned statement. If I say, "There are 10 million people in America who are 6 feet tall, **plus or minus half an inch**," then "plus or minus half an inch" is the bounds. &gt;Sure I can use 3 as an error bound but it is too big to be used. It is 43% of our answer. Wow, you really have no idea what you're doing. You just saw a 3, saw a 7 and randomly mashed them together like a 4th grader learning division for the first time ever. When you say "43% of the answer," the answer to *what* exactly? There's not even a question, aside from the true/false evaluation. Try to phrase that as a story problem where your comment makes any mathematical sense. &gt;That’s not a very accurate answer. By what standard? Even if your 43% number wasn't completely pulled from your ass with no actual meaning behind it, you're just arbitrarily declaring that it's bad without explaining why. There are many situations where a 43% margin would be perfectly acceptable. Suppose I have software that measures the electrical signal from a button click. The button is not pressure sensitive. Ideally, you have signal strength 100 when the circuit completes, and signal strength 0 when it doesn't. But a 43% variation is still perfectly acceptable, because even at the outliers, you can still accurately determine whether or not the button is being pressed. Heck, even a 90% variation would be acceptable. *This is the entire point of digital over analog.* &gt;If I programmed a calculator to give answers and found that some of them gave answers that were off by 43% that isn’t great. You obviously know jack shit about programming. If you're trying to evaluate a statement like "(2 + 2) &gt;= (7 - 3) &amp;&amp; (2 + 2) &lt;= (7 + 3)" in a program, then the answer evaluates as "true." It's not "off" by anything, because you've defined your conditions in boolean logic, and those conditions have been met. If they've been met, then the answer is true. Period. Suppose you're set player HP to 3000, and then later on the program checks to see if the player has more than 0 HP before continuing. If the program evaluates the result as true, do you think that means that the answer is wrong by a factor off infinity (i.e., 3000 divided by 0)? &gt;In your example you aren’t undergoing an addition If that's your only complaint, then suppose I roll two trillion sided dice, and I try to predict the sum "plus or minus 3". Same logic still applies. In that case, the range of possibilities are all the integers between 2 and 2 trillion. There are 10 \^ 24 possible outcomes, only 42 of which would fall within the range of 7 plus or minus 3. Or roughly 0.0000000000000000000042%. That is much, much smaller than the 43% you estimated. You're off by a factor of nearly 10^(22.) And you're trying to lecture other people on the concept of precision and accuracy. Like I said, context is important.
&gt; The addition of 2 numbers is not a chance measurement like rolling a die. Did I ever *claim* that addition was chance? No. I said that the odds of rolling a 2 twice in a row on a trillion sided die was probability. Which it is. &gt; &gt; Wow, you really have no idea what you're doing. You just saw a 3, saw a 7 and randomly mashed them together like a 4th grader learning division for the first time ever. When you say "43% of the answer," the answer to what exactly? There's not even a question, aside from the true/false evaluation. Try to phrase that as a story problem where your comment makes any mathematical sense. &gt; &gt; That is the error for your example, not the error for my example. Your example didn't make any mathematical sense. &gt; The error for my example is still 43%. **No it's not.** You're just throwing around terms and numbers like a child repeating words he overheard with no idea of what those numbers actually mean. **Again, try coming up with a story problem or scenario where it would make any sense for you to declare a 43% error with only the numbers you provided and calculations based off those number. You won't be able to, because your entire assessment is nonsense.** &gt; Whatever, you’re manipulating definitions to fit your subjective opinions. I'm not doing anything that you aren't trying to do. The difference is that I don't have to lie and contradict myself constantly in order to get there. &gt; You need to be using definitions in an objective manner. And I am. I am trying to apply logic consistently, whereas you keep shouting that your own rules don't apply to you for reasons you won't explain. i.e., simply shouting "false equivalency" without actually being able to explain why the equivalency is false, other than the fact that you don't think the same logic should apply to things you don't agree with. Or the fact that you're trying to hold me to the standard of "definitions are only valid if they couldn't possibly be any better." Of course, you refuse to hold *yourself* to that standard, because you recognize your own standard as absurd. OTOH, the standard that I'm holding you to is that you should provide context and relevance for your statements. If you ask me for context and relevance, then I would be happy to provide it. Because I don't have to contradict myself constantly like you do. &gt; &gt; "Because it could be better" would pretty much invalidate every definition for nearly every word outside of pure math and fundamental science, period, including any definition that you choose to use instead. &gt; &gt; False equivalency Case in point. &gt; Better example exist for everything I’ve asked you to define. Sure. But better examples also exist for everything that I've asked *you* to define. For instance, I've repeatedly asked you to define the relevance of your statements. You refuse to even *attempt* to provide the definition that I asked for. &gt; If you use the best definition, sure the definition could be better, but a better definition doesn’t exist yet. Sure it does. For instance, you can define "orange" to include information able the fruit's genetic markers that differentiate it from non-oranges. This would include greenish unripe oranges, and exclude spray-painted sugary lemons. The question isn't "can a better definition exist," but rather, "is a better definition relevant to the current situation." Since you refuse to explain relevance, I'm going to have to assume the answer is "no." &gt; Your arguments have false equivalencies and inaccurate definitions. Again, you still can't explain why the equivalence are false, or why the definitions are inaccurate. That's the difference between me and you. You complain that I use definitions to "prove" my point, whereas you don't seem to understand what any of the words you mean at all. You accuse me of being wrong because my statements are "inaccurate," but you have consistently shown that you don't know what that term actually means or how it's used in the real world. So you say really dumb things you can't elaborate on like "this is inaccurate because the error rate is 43%." There are four things wrong with that: 1. The actual number doesn't actually mean anything. You just divided one number by another number, but what does the numerator and denominator actually supposed to represent? When I used division, it was a basic probability calculation of the number of outcomes that match a criteria over the number of outcomes possible. What exactly does it represent in your scenario? 2. You keep using the word "error" incorrectly. "+or-" doesn't necessarily mean an error, and since you haven't actually presented a context, there's no reason for us to assume that it is one. The fact that you automatically *assume* that it's an error suggests you haven't worked with real world math. For instance, if I'm trying to count all of the people who are 6 feet tall, plus or minus half an inch, does that mean that people high and low end of the range are an "error"? Of course not. 3. You keep insisting that the "error" is too high to be considered accurate, but again, you refuse to provide any context for us to compare it to. Even if we pretend that you didn't pull the 43% figure from your ass, there are many situations where a 43% variation would be perfectly acceptable, which I already explained to you. This is the entire basis of digital computing. i.e., if you're electronically transferring data hundreds of miles, then there's going to be variation in your signal strength, and you're going to want a system that can handle that variation. 4. You also keep using phrases like "answer" incorrectly by claiming that the "answer" is "off", but you didn't actually include a problem to answer in the first place. The only question that can be inferred from your example is "Is this equality of true?" In which case, the answer is true. Depending on the field of math you're using, "2 + 2 = 7 +or- 3" can translate into the following: * Inclusive range: (7 - 3) &lt;= 2 + 2 &lt;= (7 + 10) * Either/or: 2 + 2 = 4 *or* 10. There is no version where it's correct to that the answer is off by 43%. Either we go with the first version where the entire range is the correct answer, or we go with the second version and the answer is *precisely* correct. According to you, I guess the quadratic equation would be more "accurate" if we took out the "error" and shortened it to "x = -b / 2a". You should inform every high school math teacher on Earth regarding your improvement, and let me know how that goes. You should also tell them that the original quadratic formula was off by an error of "(b^2 - 4ac)^.5 / -b", because I'm sure your formula of simply dividing the number after the "+or-" symbol with the number before the "+or-" symbol will make perfect sense to them.
&gt; &gt; **Accuracy is a relative to degree, which can only be determined by the context.** In the example that you provided, the degree is within 3, so which means that 2 + 2 is considered accurate. If I have a trillion sided die and I accurately guess where it lands + or - 3, **then that's pretty damned accurate considering the possibilities.** &gt; &gt; Just because you didn’t explicitly say that, doesn’t mean you weren’t equating the two. Why bring it up then? It serves no purpose unless you equate the two. To make a point about degrees of accuracy. At no point did I say that addition was the same as dice rolling. &gt; &gt; Liar. What I equated was the result of the two processes. At no point did I say anything along the lines of "addition and rolling dice is exactly the same thing." &gt; &gt; No you just called me a liar and denied a false equivalency. You didn’t prove anything. You did lie, and I did explain it. You claimed that I said something I didn't actually say, and you're continuing to double down on that lie that I said it even now. My explanation for your lie is pretty straight forward: I never said the thing you said I did. If I didn't say X, and you can't point to me saying X, but you continue to insist that I said X, then that makes you a liar. &gt; &gt; 7 +or- 3 = 4 or 10. 2 + 2 = 4. Do you think that 4 is 3 off from 4? &gt; &gt; You’re being an idiot again. 7 is 3 off from 4. Why do you keep lying, dude? Did I ever deny that 7 = 4? Nope. Did I ever deny that 7 was 3 off from 4? Nope. Those are straw-man positions that you created. What I said was that 7 +or- 3 = 4 or 10, and the 4 = 4. Which part of what I actually said was wrong? &gt; Again chance roll is not equal to mathematical processes. LOL, what? You don't think that random numbers are used in math? &gt; One is a list of historical people, the other is a list of current definitions for a word. See one is historical, one is current. That’s a huge difference. Not in the context of the argument I was trying to make, it wasn't. My analogy was regarding the use of counter examples to disprove a statement. How examples are ordered is totally irrelevant. If Barack Obama had been the first president or the 16th president, it wouldn't have changed the underlying point. &gt; The only property that is similar is a list. Nope. The property that is similar is the fact that I have an example that disproves a hypothetical statement. Even if there was no ordered list at all, the same logic would apply. If you toss a million fair coins into the air simultaneously and announce that all of them will land on heads, then the number of coins you can find to confirm your bias is irrelevant. The order that the coins hit the ground is irrelevant. The only question is whether or not I can find an example coin to disprove your assertion. If I can, then your assertion has been disproved. &gt; It’s a false equivalency The strawman you're attacking certainly is. But why do you keep attacking that strawman, and avoiding the argument I actually made? &gt; &gt; Oh look, another strawman. **Did I ever say that percentages weren't a valid way for measuring errors?** &gt; &gt; It’s to show that **percentages are an acceptable way to represent errors** and that 43% wasn’t just pulled out of my ass. There you go with your strawman again. I never denied that percentages are a way to represent errors, you can't show me where I said that, but you keep pretending that I did because you don't want to answer the question of where your number actually came from. &gt; You said it was pulled out of my ass And it was. Because you can't actually show the basis for your number. Instead, all you can do is lie and deflect by claiming that I'm arguing against the use of percentages **in general**, rather than your **specific** usage in this **specific** example. &gt; In fact, what you said is wrong, because I didn’t pull a random number out of my ass. The error is 43%. You denied that because you have no understanding of error approximation, so I have to give little lessons here and there, like errors can be shown as a percentage. Lots of evasion there with no actual math to show your work. All you can do instead is attack a strawman. "Hey everyone, Donald Trump is 10,000 meters tall! What's that? You don't believe me? You think I made that up? I'm going to pretend that the only reason anyone could possibly disagree with the idea that Donald Trump is 10,000 meters tall is because they don't think that meters is a valid way of measuring height. Look at all those people made of straw, insisting that height can't be measured in meters. What idiots, amirite? But I can clearly show that meters are a valid way of measuring height, which means I didn't make up my numbers, and Donald Trump is 10,000 meters tall." &gt; I showed the error as a percentage. Percentage of *what*? I assume you generated the number by dividing 3 by 7, but what does the 7 in this case actually represent? If you are claiming that X is 43% of Y, then what exactly are X and Y supposed to mean, and how exactly was that apparent in the original formula? Again, if you started with "0 +or- 1", would you assume that the error was literally infinity? &gt; I showed calculations False. When I asked you to present your calculations, our only response was to defend the use of percentages in measurements (which I never disputed). But you never actually showed your work. &gt; with error that high are unacceptable. You keep relying on confirmation bias to assume that if something you believe in is true some of the time (which again, no one disputed), then it must be true *all* the time. And that's not how it works. "Ted Bundy can't be a murderer, I can list millions of people who he never murdered!"
&gt; I showed that you can have a high degree of error and be technically right, but that’s doesn’t make it an acceptable answer. "Acceptable answer" depends on the context of the question, which you refuse to define, because you keep moving the goalpost. &gt; &gt; You did lie, and I did explain it. You claimed that I said something I didn't actually say, and you're continuing to double down on that lie that I said it even now. &gt; &gt; No you equated two things. Did I ever equate them by saying that addition is the same thing as dice rolling? No? Then you're a liar for claiming that I did. &gt; &gt; And that's not how it works. "Ted Bundy can't be a murderer, I can list millions of people who he never murdered!" &gt; &gt;Umm... what? That’s not at all relevant to the point I made. It's an analogy that uses the same logic that you're using. You keep insisting that X can never be true if you can present examples of X not happening. i.e. * "You're not allowed to use variations of a term within the definition of the term being defined. Here are examples where definitions obey this rule." * "Accuracy that's off by 43% is never acceptable. Here are examples of situations that obey this rule." * "Ted Bundy has never murdered anyone. Here are examples of people who Ted Bundy has never murdered." All three statements use the same logic. You're claiming that I'm somehow being dishonest for only focusing on examples that break the rule you created, and ignoring the examples that obey the rule you created. Which is analogous to Ted Bundy complaining that prosecutors are only focusing on the people who he murdered, and not the people who he didn't murder. &gt; If you want to show error as a percentage, you divide the error by the number that error corresponds to. It’s another way to represent the error. No, it's really not. [In math, correspondence is a term meaning a similar placein a different situation.](https://www.mathopenref.com/corresponding.html) So the corresponding number for an error in situation A would be the equivalent error in situation B. You have yet to define situation B. Hell, you have yet to define situation A. So the concept of correspondence doesn't exist. And what's the purpose of dividing an error by another error? At best, that would only tell me how the errors in these situations compare, but since you keep refusing to define the situation despite being asked repeatedly, it's just a fancy way of saying "I button mashed a bunch of numbers together to make myself look smarter than I am." Once again, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. You're just throwing around terms you have zero comprehension of in an attempt to sound smart. I asked you repeatedly to write out your statement as a story problem to provide actual context. And you can't do that. All you can do is use math terms incorrectly to hide your ignorance. &gt; It looked like you were denying the use of 43% as a a representation for error, so I said that percentages can be used, we agree okay. Again, you're attacking a strawman and not addressing the actual objection. "It looks like you were denying that Donald Trump is 10,000 meters tall, so I said that meters can be used to measure height." &gt; My bad, I meant mathematical addition. So you're going back to that lie, I see. &gt; It still doesn’t mean a vague definition is incorrect. So you're conceding that my answer to your question wasn't incorrect. Good. Now, if it's too vague to be useful, that's perfectly, understandable, but you would have to explain *why*. And you can't do that. Because the answer is perfectly fine. For instance, if I order 365.25 pounds of food for a party for 1000 people and I receive 360 pounds instead, that's probably fine, because catering doesn't need to be exact. But if there are 365.25 days in a year and my calendar only has 360 days, then the first year might be fine, but after 6 years my calendar would be off by an entire month. I'll start planting my crops way too early, resulting in smaller yields. If you want to claim that my definition isn't good enough, then it's not enough to say that it could be better. You need to explain why the ambiguity makes a difference. And you refuse to do that, despite being asked repeatedly, because you don't actually know the difference. You're simply playing semantics for the sake of distraction and deflection.
Deleting the thread afterwards can only be a good thing for their credibility.
&gt; So basically you advocate I break the law In this country, you're innocent until proven guilty. So please explain how the IRS would have been able to prove your guilt unless you committed fraud. &gt; and live my whole life on the run from the IRS and state Living on the run implies that the IRS already knows what you did. How exactly would they know that? &gt; Being forced to forfeit my work/time/money. Free market doesn't do that, government/taxes do. Really? Your boss doesn't demand you give them your time? Where exactly do you work?
Libertarians: "It's impossible increase the minimum wage by a few dollars for the bottom 5% of the population, because there's not enough wealth to go around!" Also libertarians: "Everyone can be a millionaire if they just try!" Libertarianism makes a lot more sense when you watch people who get sucked into pyramid schemes like Amway, and all of those pyramid schemes use the same talking points (financial independence, take charge of your destiny, if you win/fail it's because of you and not because the system was rigged, etc.). Most of them realize that it's a scam deep down, but they're hoping that they can get on the "ground floor" and be one of the winners. Likewise, libertarians don't actually believe in liberty. They just want a system reset of the status quo where government will temporarily dissolve, thus giving them the window of opportunity to become the landlords who control all the wealth.
The next time you have this conversation, feel free to link to this comic.
Reminds be of how the Paul family would constantly look for any excuse to launch a new "money bomb." They would almost never actually explain where the money was going or how it would be spent, but you were supposed to feel good for having donated.
I'm pretty sure that improvements to technology would have meant that technology would get faster over time regardless.
So if the baker in question received money from the government at any point in his life, libertarians would suddenly be okay with the law?
&gt; The claim I'm refuting is that Libertarianism is particularly susceptible to authoritarian takeovers, which implies a comparison to other forms of government Libertarianism can't even hold onto a simple online message board without an authoritarian takeover. Good luck trying to hold onto an actual state.
https://i.imgur.com/Xk0Co1Y.png Apparently the mods decided to just automatically ban all links from motherjones, all links to archive sites, and any link to the righcoast's Twitter account.
&gt; While I certainly don’t know the context of this, if they’ve entered into a contractual agreement with YouTube- since ads and videos make money- and they haven’t broken their side while YouTube does break theirs, I don’t see this as hypocritical. That's an amazing hypothetical that has nothing to do with reality. &gt; This- in this hypothetical- would be like the gay couple ordering a cake months in advance, then on the day of the wedding being denied it despite already agreeing to it. Video producers aren't consumers, they're the suppliers. So for the analogy to be valid, it would be more like if a bakery canceling their contract with a supplier after discovering that the supplier was known for giving people food poisoning.
&gt; Profit from voluntary exchange is actually an indicator that they are giving more to society than they are taking in benefits. No one is forced to buy an iPhone. &gt; No. Bernie Madoff committed fraud and theft. You're basically completely contradicting yourself. You claimed that profit can only be achieved by giving to society. This is blatantly false. &gt; That is not voluntary exchange. Except you already defined voluntary in terms of the iPhone as people not being forced into an exchange against their will. Now you're trying to covertly change that definition and hope that no one notices. Did Madoff put a gun to anyone's head and force them to hand over money against their will? No? Then it was, by definition, a voluntary exchange. If you want to change the definition of voluntary exchange to only apply to perfectly rational actors with perfect information, then most of capitalism wouldn't qualify as a voluntary exchange either. For instance, if a company uses technically true but highly misleading marketing to make their product sound better than it is, is that a voluntary exchange? &gt; Maybe, maybe not. It's not that simple. A lot goes into pricing and profit rates. So once again, you're conceding that your initial premise is false. &gt; They are making a profit by increasing the money supply. Please explain how selling something at a profit or taking a share of the profits increases the money supply. &gt; That's a false dichotomy. Something can be both unfair and less opportunity cost than an alternative. In that case, it's also a false dichotomy to assume that either poor people pay the same amount in taxes as rich people or the system is rigged against the rich. Rich people also pay more for food, housing, transportation, yachts, vacations, etc. But that doesn't mean that the system is unfairly rigged against them. &gt; What data do you have to support this? The data for 2018 isn't even in yet. The tax cuts were passed in 2017. Corporations used the money to buyback stock to enrich the shareholders, rather than hiring people. Libertarian proposals frequently assume that companies will always hire as many employees as they can afford -- rather than only hiring based on what they actually need. So if you raise the minimum wage, companies won't be able to afford it, because they were already spending as much as they could afford on salaries. And if you give them tax cuts, then they will immediately hire more people with the extra funds. The argument falls apart if you realize that companies have profit motive to maintain profit margins, and that extra money could simply end up increasing those margins, rather than paying for more workers. &gt; https://www.duq.edu/academics/schools/business/faculty/davies-phd-antony My mistake. It's weird that there's no mention of that anywhere on his wikipedia page. &gt; You still never answered my first question to define what would be "fair". Lots of competing ideas of fairness, so I'll go with John Rawls on this. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veil_of_ignorance
&gt; What alt-right segment? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleolibertarianism &gt; And since you seem to be talking about the LP, why would there be many leftists? Sorry, I should have said "movement" rather than "party." "Libertarianism" used to be a much wider net, and included a lot of anti-authoritarian leftists who had more in common with hippies. http://bleedingheartlibertarians.com/2011/12/how-did-we-get-here-or-why-do-20-year-old-newsletters-matter-so-damn-much/
&gt; You're really grasping at straws here and are arguing in bad faith. I made an evidence based argument derived from economic study. What study? You just told people to watch a youtube channel. &gt; I never claimed that. Stop trying to twist my words. I said (as you quoted) it is an indicator. Never did I claim it in absolute terms as you have here. If it's not absolute, then the original position is meaningless. No one disputes the idea that people who make profit can *sometimes* benefit society. &gt; Once again, you're making up definitions I never made. "Voluntary Exchange" has a well accepted definition in economic science. ["Voluntary Exchange: The free exchange of goods and services between buyers and seller in some sort of marketplace."](http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/voluntary-exchange.html) &gt; Fraud is a form or coercion Nope. Coercion requires force or threats, neither of which apply here. &gt; Do you have any stats on this or just saying what you think agrees with your argument? https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/12/18/18146253/tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-stock-market-economy https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/what-did-corporate-america-do-tax-break-buy-record-amounts-n886621 https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/10/investing/stock-buybacks-record-tax-cuts/index.html &gt; So a Wikipedia article on a moral framework? You still haven't answered my question. What is "fair"? An 80% tax rate? A 90% tax rate? A 100% tax rate? What is the threshold? $100k? $200k? 500k? What types of income? The veil of ignorance is method for *testing* fairness in a proposed arrangement. Demanding that I propose a system for *deriving* fairness is silly, because you can't do that either. &gt; If you want to argue based on the science, that's fine. However, if you want to argue on moral superiority, that is a fruitless endeavor. How is that any different from you claiming that the free market is better because it's based on "voluntary transactions" (while using shifting definitions of what you mean by voluntary)?
&gt; By "fair" I mean content neutral Youtube receives 18000 hours of video submissions per minute of uploading time. Being content neutral would making suggestions completely random, and therefore worthless.
&gt; It's a causal relationship. ~17% of GDP repesents the amount of taxation that can be generated by the government before people a disincentived to be more productive. You're acting like tax rates are generated randomly and people simply respond to them re-actively, rather than being planned out with specific targets in mind. If the government requires a Budget of X, then they're going to propose a tax plan that generates something close to X in revenue. &gt; Except it is. They literally addressed that in the paper. Even if you closed all the loop holes, people would just participate in less productive behavior to avoid paying that high of a tax. Is that based on your flawed data you cited above? Because it's not supported by any actual behavioral research. Studies have shown that money only increases productivity for non-mechanical tasks up to the point of meeting basic needs (so that people can worry about the job at hand), after which point, it becomes a distraction and a detriment (because people are now thinking more about the reward they don't actually need rather than the job itself). Classic case example is the use of open source products that are often superior than the for-profit equivalents. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwA97yWz9Uc If you wanted to use financial rewards to encourage productivity, then you should be increasing the rewards for people at the bottom who actually need it to survive, and decrease the rewards for the people at the top who are already comfortable. Unfortunately, libertarians promote the total opposite, believing that minimum wage employees need to be punished for being poor while rich people need to be rewarded for being rich. Other studies have shown that adding a reward can shut down other forms of intrinsic motivation, such as altruism or self-improvement. http://www.auburn.edu/academic/education/reading_genie/rewards.html https://scienceblogs.com/cognitivedaily/2009/09/22/does-rewarding-altruism-squelc https://greatergood.berkeley.edu/article/item/can_you_incentivize_generosity &gt; That's not really an appropriate comparison. Currency is useful to virtually ever person society. Currency diminishing rate of usefulness depending on the person. Handing a $2,000 check to a struggling single mom can prevent her from become homeless and completely change her life around. Handing a $200,000 check to Jeff Bezos is basically nothing. &gt; For example, the vast majority of minimum wage workers are under 24 and come from households above the poverty line. Workers under 25 make up half of minimum wage employment, which is not the "vast majority". And they also account for 20% of hourly workers in general, so the breakdown isn't as extreme as you'd like to imply. Claiming that 24 year olds aren't in poverty because they can live with their parents is highly misleading, because continuing to live with their parents shouldn't be the goal. But the bigger problem is that you're ignoring the other 50%. &gt; So a high school student from a middle-class household working at McDonalds is more deserving than a top surgeon who spent the better part of a decade in school? That argument breaks apart once you realize that that college isn't free and that the inability to afford education is part of the poverty trap. A family can be above the poverty line, but still nowhere close enough to be able to afford college education. There's also the opportunity cost. Even if you have a full scholarship, you need to pay for basic living expenses, and you need to be have enough time available to actually do your assignments. If a 24 year old is forced to work long hours for low wages, how exactly will he be able to pay for tuition to have the same opportunities as the medical student who had the privilege of being born to well off parents? Your entire concept of "fairness" is that rich people deserve it more because they went to college, and ignoring the fact that lots of people never had the chance to compete in the first place. My concept of fairness is to give more people the opportunity to compete.
&gt; Didja miss that bit? The IQ test portion were basically 3 math "gotcha" questions. Instead of measuring pure mathematical ability, they were instead measuring how much time you spent on the problem. There are three problems with that. First, how much time you spend on the problem is going to depend heavily on how invested you are in the results. Libertarians were ten times more likely to finish this quiz compared to non-libertarians, which suggests that they were far more invested. However, being invested in a self-reported internet survey is not going to be an accurate measure of real world performance. You also have to wonder where recruitment of this survey occurred. The other problem is that testing people on how carefully they read a "gotcha" math problem will be swayed heavily by the context, and prone to distractions. In this case, the context was buried in the middle of a personality quiz. Again, this is a really shitty measure of real world performance, since that's not how people do math in the real world. The third problem is that the personality quiz itself primed people for different behavior. Controlled studies have shown that women will perform significantly worse on STEM problems if they're subtly reminded in advanced of gender stereotypes in STEM. This study takes that to an entirely different level, and then takes the result at face value. And even then, the difference is very, very slight. [Numerous studies have found that reminding people of stereotypes prior to taking the test can wreak havoc with their scores. One of my favorite of these studies shows how stereotype threat can account for the entire gender difference in the exam scores. The researchers recruited a group high-performing male and female math students as participants. Half of the participants were told that there were gender differences on the test (reminding them of the stereotype), and that men generally received higher scores than women. The other half were told that no gender differences were found in test results. When the participants were told there were no gender differences in the test results, the women performed equally as well as the men. However, on the exact same test, when participants were told that men tended to perform better, the women performed worse than the men.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/kimelsesser/2016/07/01/is-the-college-board-making-the-sat-more-difficult-for-women) And keep in mind that the above example was a test where a) no one was asked to self-identify specific personality traits, b) the test was done in a controlled environment to minimize differences in terms of backgorund, distractions, motivation, etc. Simply reminding women of gender stereotypes resulted in a 15% difference, which is twice the amount of the study that you cited.
&gt; Your example is actually a great one for my point: CEOs have to answer to a Board of Directors and a Chairman. They are not free to run the company how they wish if the investors don't approve. You realize that Trump was a CEO before he was ever president, right? Massive corruption, multiple bankruptcies, and yet somehow his board never managed to evict him... &gt; The Libertarian platform is basically built around "don't give good people powers you wouldn't want a bad person to have" I wouldn't want a child molester to babysit my kids, therefore, babysitters shouldn't exist. I wouldn't want Typhoid Mary to prepare my food, therefore, we shouldn't have restaurants. Again, your logic is dumb and wouldn't be used in any other circumstance.
&gt; Wait what's the reasoning behind making collecting rain water and planting food on YOUR land illegal? Basically, there was a lawsuit because a farmer claimed that he was growing several hundred tons of food for personal use only and therefore wasn't susceptible to regulations. Libertarians extrapolated this to mean "you can't grow food on your own land!"
Rand has spent the past two years doing everything he could to make excuses for Trump, now he's scared when the chickens come home to roost.
&gt; Being against government does not make us nazis. Except libertarians aren't really against the idea of governmnet, otherwise they'd all move to Somalia. They're just against government when it props up the civil rights act and offers welfare to the undesirables.
&gt; Feudalism was based on a system of serfdom which mandated peoe live on a specific piece of land and serve it's lords. That is contrary to the libertarian nonaggression pact. So libertarians oppose the concept of private property?
&gt; If you want to know if Libertarianism allows something ask if it harms someone else. If yes then libertarianism doesnt allow it. The entire concept of private property is a violation of the NAP. In the state of nature, I have the freedom to go anywhere I want, as long as I'm not initiating force on others in the process. By declaring ownership of property, you are claiming ownership over my freedom to move, under the threat of violence and without my consent. You can describe a list of rituals you performed to acquire said property, but all of those rituals suffer from the same flaw of initiating violence to take away the rights of others who never consented to your terms.
&gt; Somalia is a failed socialist experiment. Look it up. As opposed to what, started from a *successful* socialist experiment? &gt; They elected the socialist party for 30 years, collapsed into anarchy, and now internet edgelords try to use them as an example of how libertarianism is a failure. It's the stupidest idea on the internet. This is like listening to a snake oil salesman insist that his remedy works for curing cancer, but only if used on people who didn't already have cancer to begin with. Also, I doubt that libertarians would allow this type of excuse for other forms of government. "China and Russia didn't count, because they were working with failed pre-industrial economies! You can't just expect them to solve those problems overnight!"
&gt; In the state of nature people would form groups that would inhabit particular areas You mean like a nation? Good thing that libertarians never insist that a nation can violate the NAP. Oh wait--!
&gt; Imperialism is not profitable. LOL, wut?
&gt; You have displayed literally no understanding of libertarianism or economics or government functions Really? What did I say that was wrong? &gt; You don’t know anything besides personality attacks. Pot calling kettle black.
&gt; &gt; The problem is that libertarianism only became a prominent movement when **racist people needed a non-racist sounding justification** for proposing the civil rights act. Which is why fascists tend to vote libertarian. &gt; &gt; Also you don’t even know why they oppose the Civil Rights act, do you? I do. It’s consistent with the philosophy of individualism (not “hur dur everything not white is poo”) that libertarianism is founded on. Hell, I’m challenging you right now, without calling libertarians racist, to recite that reason. You're just proving my original point as accurate. "Your claim that we provided a non-racist sounding justification for racism is wrong because the justification we provided sounds non-racist!" Of course, the same libertarians who cry foul at the idea that a baker can't deny services to people for being born gay will happily cry foul when social media companies decide to close down the accounts of outspoken violent Nazi's. They'll cheer on Gary Johnson for filing a lawsuit demanding that a private organization provide him with tens of millions of dollars worth of free airtime he did nothing to earn. I remember when Rand Paul was on the Rachel Maddow show, and he insisted that saying that businesses shouldn't be allowed to ban black people is like saying that businesses shouldn't be allowed to ban guns. And then afterwards, he proposed legislation saying that schools shouldn't be allowed to ban guns. In general, libertarians will always go back on their ethics the second it's even the slightest bit inconvenient for them.
&gt; Post ww2 Japan is good too. "Imperialism isn't profitable because it only been successful for hundreds or thousands of years! By comparison, let's look at a country that's been successful for decades..."
&gt; You want to go back to your favorite debate website Wikipedia and look up strawmen? Can you point to where I actually did that? &gt; Baker- never offered cakes for gay couples (depending on your source may not even do special ordered cakes as in what’s on the shelf is all he does). That couple even bypassed miles of other bakeries to get to the openly Christian baker. Now, *that's* an example of a strawman if I ever saw one, since none of the facts you presented are true. First off, making a wedding cake for gay people is the same as making a wedding cake for straight people. Cake is cake. A bakery does not have to "special order" cake just because the people ordering it just happen to be gay, just like McDonalds doesn't need to "special order" hamburger when black people walk through the door. The cakeshop in question was not an "openly Christian" bakery at the time the lawsuit was filed. It's a bakery with an owner who happens to be Christian, a religion that accounts for 62% of America. So not only is there zero evidence that he was singled out for his Christian beliefs, but the claim is simply laughable on face. And the idea that there's a conspiracy because the customers drove several miles for their *wedding cake* is stupid as fuck. There are people who will literally fly on the other side of the planet for their wedding, because their wedding is a special occasion, and they do not simply choose the closest location for default. Hell, most people will willingly drive for several miles for a restaurant they heard good things about, even if there are closer restaurants with similar food nearby. The irony is that libertarians promote the idea of free market competition, yet when a customer is willing to drive the extra distance for a product that the customer wants, suddenly this is evidence of something sinister. &gt; The libertarian view is that he shouldn’t be forced to go against his will to provide for a service his religion doesn’t agree with. Dude signed a contract agreeing to obey the law when he applied for commercial zoning. Do you think it's immoral for a mall owner to "force" individual stores not to discriminate? What if the owner of McDonalds "forces" McDonalds employees not to discriminate? &gt; Social media companies- fun fact: not all the people banned were Nazis. Again, you're proving my point. Suddenly, individual rights no longer apply when it goes against your own self-interest. &gt; AND those social media companies get protections from the government by classifying themselves as “unedited”, LOL, WTF are you talking about? That statement is wrong on all counts. &gt; Rand Paul- Yeah, he moves with the tea leaves, but I remember something like what you’re actually saying, so if I remember right, it was to allow teachers with training to be armed So it's immoral for a gay couple to demand that a baker bake them a cake -- an arrangement that the baker offers to non-gay couples -- against the objections of the baker. But it's perfectly okay for a teacher to enter a classroom with an AR-15 -- something that the school *doesn't* allow anyone else to do -- against the objection of the school and the students. &gt; you have former military and police ready to go. Nikolas Cruz pulled the fire alarm and used smoke grenades. Asking former military to fire on a target they can't see in the middle of a crowded school is stupid as fuck.
Freeze peach!
&gt; In the essay "Right-Wing Populism: A Strategy for the Paleo Movement", Rothbard reflected on the ability of paleolibertarians to engage in an "outreach to rednecks" founded on social conservatism and radical libertarianism. **He cited former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke and former U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy as models for the new movement.**[4][5] In the 1990s, a "paleoconservative-paleolibertarian alliance was forged", centred on the John Randolph Club founded by Traditionalist Catholic Thomas Fleming.[6] Rockwell and Rothbard supported paleoconservative Republican candidate Pat Buchanan in the 1992 U.S. presidential election, and described Buchanan as the political leader of the "paleo" movement.[7] In 1992, Rothbard declared that "with Pat Buchanan as our leader, we shall break the clock of social democracy".[8] Nazi's became libertarians because the libertarian leadership actively sought to recruit them into their movement to increase their numbers and influence.
&gt; The resources "disappear" (should have put scare quotes in the original post) because the greedy and ambitious horde and hide them Yeah, because greedy and ambitious people clearly don't exist in Ayn Rand's version of capitalism. &gt; Yes, any system can be corrupt, but communist systems are the easiest to destabilize by being corrupt. Right, because deregulated Somalia is currently corruption free.
&gt; Terrible meme but great point. This is imo the biggest hypocrisy of the left they act scared of government power when republicans are in charge but when democrats are in charge it's all about expanding government power. "Man, you're such a hypocrite for being against child molesters babysitting your child but when non-child molesters babysit your children you're okay with it."
&gt; limited liability Describe a specific scenario that you think that libertarianism will solve, and I will show how your solution provides for a glaring loophole that makes things worse. &gt; lobbying, Libertarians are opposed to campaign finance reform. &gt; public-private partnerships So libertarians are opposed to charter schools and privatization? &gt; over-regulation. "How can libertarians be in the tank for corporations when we believe that corporations should be completely unregulated?"
&gt; *edit: federal government subsidies, government loans, government insurances, and government bailouts would all also be included in the “public-private partnership” section. What about tax cuts?
&gt; It's a limit on incumbency, which is an extraordinarily powerful thing the way our system is set up. We should apply the same logic to businesses. Once your shop reaches the 10 year mark, you should be forced to move out and give other businesses a chance. Otherwise, you have an unfair advantage by being more established and already there.
&gt; &gt; Describe a specific scenario that you think that libertarianism will solve, and I will show how your solution provides for a glaring loophole that makes things worse. &gt; &gt; So you want a specified pragmatic libertarian solution to a random problem? No, I gave you the opportunity to present a problem of your own choosing. &gt; Libertarians are FOR campaign finance reform. Not sure where you got that horribly uninformed opinion. https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/citizens-united-misunderstood https://ivn.us/2016/08/12/issues-candidate-stands-campaign-finance/ http://www.lawandfreedom.com/site/election/Witness/Boos.pdf &gt; Charter schools are a compromise position, not an ideal. It's a compromise position that results in more public-private partnerships, the thing you said that libertarianism doesn't provide. &gt; Privatization is only good when the government program is fully dissolved Then why don't you see libertarians moving to Somalia and privatizing things there? Oh, that's right, because they don't actually believe their own rhetoric, and let go of the government teet. &gt; Auctioning off running government programs to the highest bidder or to political allies is cronyism, and not supported by libertarians. Except you already said that they supported it as a compromise position. Now you're just contradicting yourself. &gt; Being against “over-regulation” does not equate to “completely unregulated”. Oh, so basically you're engaged in special pleading. No one will ever claim that a regulation they support is "over regulation." So saying "I'm against over regulation" is completely meaningless. &gt; How can we have a civil discussion if you aren’t listening to the libertarian position, and assuming some extreme strawman variation? If you want to talk about strawman, then please, point me to the people who argue "I'm in favor of things that I consider to be over regulation." &gt; Libertarians support antitrust law Nope. The first time I ever heard of libertarianism was back in the 1990s when they were rallying against the Microsoft antitrust suits and crying "Who is John Galt?" The libertarian position is that abusive monopolies will magically dissolve themselves and collusion will never happen in a free marketplace. If you think that antitrust law is a mainstream libertarian position, then feel free to present citation. &gt; Lastly, “corporations” are inherently against baseline libertarian principles; [Citation needed] &gt; and under a libertarian policy, no “corporation” could exist. What exactly will stop people from pulling their resources together under libertarianism? Do you think that joint bank accounts wouldn't exist either? Will multiple people be allowed to put their names on the same lease?
&gt; You don’t know enough about libertarianism to be going for “gotcha”. You should probably reread the articles you posted, and clarify how you view libertarianism as opposing campaign finance reform. https://www.lp.org/platform/ "We call for an end to any tax-financed subsidies to candidates or parties and the repeal of all laws which restrict voluntary financing of election campaigns." &gt; You’re making false equivalences between joint bank accounts and corporations, which means you don’t understand how limited liability licensing works. I've given you several opportunities to explain the problem that you think your proposals would actually solved, and you keep dodging the question. So it seems like you're the one who doesn't understand. &gt; I talk of dissolving government programs and allowing free market solutions, and you bring up Somalia? Somalia has an abundance of dissolved government programs. &gt; I speak of compromise positions Any public-private partnership is going to be a compromise between the public and the private. If they're against public-private partnerships, then they should also be against these forms of compromise. But, you know, they aren't. &gt; Your acting like libertarianism is a political singularity, and is represented by the actions of specific groups... that means you haven’t studied any libertarian philosophy. I keep giving you opportunities to present prominent counter examples, and you keep refusing. &gt; And don’t BS me and say you already have, it’s obvious you’re just spouting off socialist talking points from opponent commentators. Right. Because quoting the Cato institute and the official libertarian party platform is obviously socialist propaganda.
&gt; Look up the definition of the term “corporation” first, and then look up what “limited liability” means. I already know what they mean. That doesn't answer my question: What specific scenario do you think that removing those things would solve? Seriously, if you're so convinced that your proposal would actually fix things, then it shouldn't be so hard to describe a scenario of something to be fixed. The reason you can't do it is because you're the one who doesn't understand. &gt; Do I need to use baby talk for you to understand the libertarian viewpoint on how corporations can only exist through unethical government interference? [The weavers are con-men who convince the emperor they are using a fine fabric invisible to anyone who is either unfit for his position or "hopelessly stupid". The con lies in that the weavers are actually only pretending to manufacture the clothes.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Emperor%27s_New_Clothes) Sure, go for it, since I don't actually believe you're capable of explaining it if you tried. &gt; It has nothing to do with multiple owners It's literally in the definition of what a corporation is. cor·po·ra·tion /ˌkôrpəˈrāSH(ə)n/Submit noun plural noun: corporations **a company or group of people** authorized to act as a single entity (legally a person) and recognized as such in law. &gt; and everything to do with ownership liability. The concept of limited liability simply means that you can't lose more than you invest. i.e., if I invest $1 million dollars into Sears stock and Sears fucks up, then I can't lose more than my original $1 million. What exactly is your alternative? Should the people who invest in Sears be held personally responsible for the bad decisions of the CEO?
&gt; Turning Point USA &gt; DNC interests LOL, wut?
&gt; I’m a heavy dem supporter. I don’t personally know anyone not in favor of this shit on either side. How is it not on the table? Because this logic wouldn't have used in any other scenario? Imagine how libertarians would react if people started proposing "wealth limits" on anyone earning $100,000/year to give other people the chance to earn money.
&gt; Can someone explain to me how term limits fit in with the Libertarian ideology? The libertarian ideology has a special exemption of "we're not being hypocrites if it serves our own self-interests." It's the same reason they make excuse for Gary Johnson suing a private organization to give him tens of millions of dollars of *free* airtime, or excuses for republican efforts to create unnecessary bureaucracy and hoops designed to make it harder for black people to vote.
&gt; If you’re still thinking about single owner as the issue, then you’re not listening. Once again, you're ignoring the very definition of what a corporation is: "**a company or group of people** authorized to act as a single entity (legally a person) and recognized as such in law." If you're going to accuse other people of not knowing the definitions, then maybe you should try looking into those definitions for yourself. &gt; Shared ownership would divide responsibility, but if the share is enough to get a vote, then it is enough to be held responsible for the percent of the company owned. So in other words, you're limiting individual liability based on the amount they've invested into the company. Gee, I wonder if there's a phrase for that? &gt; We are dealing with a government sanctioned fraudulent market. [Citation needed] &gt; *Edit: Also, if Trump actually went bankrupt personally, he wouldn’t have had the credit or capital to try again. Once again, you're assuming that cheaters won't find a different way to cheat, which is dumb. Give me your alternative rules, and I'll show you the easy loopholes. For instance, if there's no shared corporation, then different people will take ownership of different things. The Trump corporation would be broken down into many different individual entities with individual owners, some of which make money, and some of which lose money. All Trump has to do is appoint a fall guy in charge of the aspects of the corporation that lose money, and appoint himself in charge of the aspects that make money. When the bill collectors come, they'll only be able to go after the fall guy who can't afford to pay him, since he's the owner of that entity. But they won't be able to go after Trump, because Trump's assets are a different entity. Alternatively, Trump can simply funnel his money to a trusted relative as a "gift" prior to declaring bankruptcy, which he can do since he doesn't have a fiduciary duty to his shareholders to question his spending. Then after his bills are discharged, the relative sends a "gift" back to Trump. &gt; The investors lost money, but Trump kept all of his gains And Trump would have been able to do the exact same thing under the "solution" that you've presented. The idea that a completely superficial change would prevent cheaters from trying to cheat is just dumb. &gt; Schemers have a massive benefit in this corrupt hampered market system. "I notice that most of the money stolen by thieves is green colored, so we can greatly hamper thieves by painting the money red."
&gt; The scientific method is in no way applicable to politics, even in the analagous way that you provided. Politics is less discrete, and more open to interpretation. "The idea that voting rights should apply to black people is dumb because black skin is different from white skin, and there's a difference between having white skin and having black skin." &gt; The difference is that being an elected representative in houses of government is a very special job. It should not be treated exactly like a job in the private sector because there are major key differences already, such as being able to write laws and having to be re-elected to your job post every few years. CEOs are not bound to serve the will of the people. And...? So what? You keep using circular variations of "it's different because it's different!" That's like arguing, "My perpetual motion machine is different because it's purple, which is a very different color and should not be treated the same as machines that aren't purple because they are major key differences already between purple and other colors, such as the fact that purple reflects different wavelengths of light." You're just saying that differences exist, but you're not actually explaining how any of those differences are relevant to the argument being made. &gt; People in this thread have claimes that term limits increase corruption but have provided no sources. I believe it is the first step to keeping elected representatives on point with the will of the people. And where are *your* sources? What have you provided to support your argument? People have explained that term limits will increase corruption because it subverts democracy and prevents people from being able to select their favorite candidates, and because it increases the power of outside influence and lobbying firms who won't be bound by term limits. You haven't presented an actual reason to believe that term limits will make politics better. And you haven't explained why this reason (and lack thereof) wouldn't apply to private enterprise. You're asserting that a rule you refuse to explain wouldn't apply in other situations for reasons you refuse to explain. &gt; People argue that they won't because they have one term to not worry about re-election. So do you think that people work better if they know they're going to be fired regardless of how good of a job they do? If so, then why don't we apply this logic to private industry? Once again, you're asserting that your rule applies to politics and *only* to politics without giving us a compelling reason to believe it. &gt; **unchallenged re-elections.** That's an oxymoron. Unless no one else was allowed to run, the election *is* the challenge. &gt; By that logic a president never does anything beneficial in their second term? My opinion is they do braver things and challenge the status quo for better. Again, if that's what you believe, then why not apply that same logic to private industry? &gt; Additionally, imagine telling a democrat that you'd like to remove term limits on the presidency because elections will be Donald Trump's term limit. If Donald Trump had a likely chance winning a third term, then the problems of our country goes far beyond anything that term limits would fix. But again, let's apply this to private industry. Look at how badly the CEO of Sears ran the company. Why shouldn't term limits apply to the CEO of Sears?
&gt; Somalia wasn’t constructed based on capitalist property norms. It is a failed socialist state. So basically you're arguing that it's impossible to establish a libertarian society in a place that wasn't already libertarian to begin with, which is basically a Catch-22.
&gt; I'm merely floating the idea that we as board members need to request service limits for our CEOs. So do you think that mandatory term limits for CEOs regardless of how good or bad of a job they do is a good idea? Why or why not?
&gt; Oh wait, it's because"climate change prevention" is a billion dollar industry. I'm obviously not saying it doesn't exist, but it's not exactly in a lot of people's best interests to clean it all up just yet. So you'd rather spend a shitload of money trying to extract a finite resource from the Earth, and then another shitload of money to clean up the mess, rather than kill two birds with one stone and focus on finding clean renewables.
&gt; More money has already been made off it than will ever be needed to clean it up. Humans burn an extra 40 billion tons of CO2 per year. At the previous estimate of $600 per ton, that adds up to about $24 trillion.
&gt; This is exactly what others have been doing here. Attempting to put their words, ideas, fears, etc in Peterson's mouth. Isn't that a straw man fallacy? A strawman is where you ignore the actual argument being made in favor of attacking a weaker argument. In formal debate, arguments have three parts: Claim, warrant, impact. Jordan never actually states his impact, he simply allows the dog whistles to imply it. By refusing to state the impact explicitly, he doesn't present a complete argument in the first place, which means that strawman doesn't apply. It's like if someone in the bible belt says that you should vote for his opponent because she's a known homo sapien and thespian. There's nothing controversial about those words when taken literally, but the literal meaning has no impact on its own, and not what the person is trying to imply.
&gt; Shit like this is so intellectually dishonest it doesn't merit a proper reply. Really? You go from "men and women have biological differences" to "so you're endorsing slavery"? There are biological differences in terms of pigment levels between black skin and white skin, and slave owners were happy to cite that as the reason for social inequality. The problem is, your conclusion does not follow from your premise. Just because biological differences between men and women exist does not mean that these biological differences are responsible for the things you're attributing to them.
Arguing that women consent to getting pregnant by having sex is like argument that people consent to getting robbed by not having a strong enough lock. But when a libertarian signs a literal contract agreeing to be taxed in exchange for some type of benefit, that doesn't count as consensual at all, because of reasons.
&gt; Oof Kevin Hart being in this video hasn't aged well at all. I and many other people see this type of controversy and thing, "Gee, what would happen if people dug up the shitty things that I said in the past?" Some of us realize that the answer is pretty simple: Admit that what you said back then was wrong, and fucking apologize for it. For instance, I used to use the phrase "Paultard." Now I don't. And I try to tell other people not to use that either.
What do you think is the world's oldest profession? If you believe that sex work should be legal, and if you believe that children can consent to work, then...
&gt; &gt; Paying people less than minimum wage is also illegal. Do you think it would still be illegal in a libertarian society? &gt; &gt;It’s about private companies enforcing laws not government. \[Citation needed\] By all means, please show me where libertarians insist that we should continue to have all the same laws we have right now, with the only difference being the agencies that enforce them. For instance, please show me where libertarians insist that we should have privately enforced minimum wage laws in libertarian society. Or privately enforced seat belt laws. &gt; All your posts are pushing a political narrative you clearly don’t understand. Your entire defense is built on a ridiculous lie, which is the idea that libertarians still support every law we have right now, even though that's the entire point of libertarianism.
&gt; Seriously pathetic dude. You're the one arguing, "It's okay to take away people's consent as long as they agree to it consensual." &gt; You have a deep deep misunderstanding but your tribal dogmatism won’t allow you to learn with an unbiased eye. You can't seem to explain what happens in libertarian society is people don't consent to having their right to consent taken away from them. Because your entire position is stupid and contradictory.
[And here is from the official 1994 libertarian party platform:](http://lpedia.org/Document:National_Platform_1994#21._Children.27s_Rights) &gt; **We oppose all laws that** empower government officials to seize children and make them "wards of the state" or, by means of child labor laws and compulsory education, to **infringe on their freedom **to work or learn as they choose.** So if a child chooses to work as a prostitute, then the official libertarian party platform says that they should be allowed to do so. &gt; We also support the repeal of all laws establishing any category of crimes applicable to children for which adults would not be similarly vulnerable, such as curfew, smoking, and alcoholic beverage laws, and other status offenses. Similarly, we favor the repeal of "stubborn child" laws and laws establishing the category of "persons in need of supervision." Hey, remember when you said that the libertarianism supports age of consent laws for the same reason they support underaged drinking laws? Yeah, it turns out that the actual libertarian party platform doesn't actually think that. &gt; Whenever parents or other guardians are unable or unwilling to care for their children, those guardians have the right to seek other persons who are willing to assume guardianship, and children have the right to seek other guardians who place a higher value on their lives. Accordingly, we oppose all laws that impede these processes, notably those restricting private adoption services or those forcing children to remain in the custody of their parents against their will. Translation: If a runaway child is convinced that they'd be better off living with a pimp, then they should be free to do so. &gt; Children should **always** have the right to establish their maturity by assuming administration and protection of their own rights, ending dependency upon their parents or other guardians and assuming all the responsibilities of adulthood. Once again, children establish their maturity once they are no longer financially dependent on their parents and have their own source of income.
&gt; You do realize you are making a libertarian argument here, don't you? Tradeoffs between competing interests in a democratic process. That's exactly what Libertarianism would do. LOL, no. Libertarianism is based on strict adherence to the NAP, where people are free to do whatever they want so long as they don't initiate force, as demonstrated by the official libertarian platform. &gt; And no Libertarianism doesn't look at the NAP as a universal truth like I already told you before. Treating the NAP as a universal truth is the entire point. For instance, the argument against taxes is that taxes are always immoral and theft because they are non-consensual, even in cases where taxes are required to pay for necessary things. &gt; You just keep reverting back to arguments that don't make sense. Pot calling the kettle black. I can source and defend my interpretations, whereas you're unable to do either. I quoted the official libertarian party platform verbatim, and showed them saying the opposite of what you're claiming libertarians believe. I cited the Wikipedia description of the NAP to show that it does not at all match up with what you claim. When I ask you to further elaborate on your interpretation, you're unable to do so without further contradicting yourself and the entire libertarian ideology. &gt; You have yet to prove that consent laws don't wouldn't exist. You ignored my numerous citations, so here it is again: **"We oppose all laws that empower government officials to seize children and make them "wards of the state" or, by means of child labor laws and compulsory education, **to infringe on their freedom to work or learn as they choose."** What part of "we oppose all laws" do you not understand? **"We also support the repeal of all laws establishing any category of crimes applicable to children for which adults would not be similarly vulnerable, such as curfew, smoking, and alcoholic beverage laws, and other status offenses. Similarly, we favor the repeal of "stubborn child" laws and laws establishing the category of "persons in need of supervision."** Once again, that's the opposite of what you claimed earlier. **"Children should always have the right to establish their maturity by assuming administration and protection of their own rights, ending dependency upon their parents or other guardians and assuming all the responsibilities of adulthood."** Again, what part of "always" do you not understand? The only prerequisite to adulthood is the ability to earn income (i.e., by working as a prostitute), there is no requirement for age. &gt; And why are you citing the fucking 1994 Libertarian Platform? By all means, feel free to cite a more recent version that explicitly contradicts the one I mentioned. Otherwise, there's no compelling reason to believe that their official views on this matter have changed. &gt; Why would anybody assert that taxes are theft when they are voluntary voting for them through a democratic process. Because that's what makes them libertarians. From the official platform: **"We support any initiative to reduce or abolish any tax, and oppose any increase on any tax for any reason. To the extent possible, we advocate that all public services be funded in a voluntary manner."** The fact that you don't even grasp the fact that libertarians are opposed to taxes shows that you are completely out of your depth. Hell, even your own claim that government laws would be privately enforced is based on the idea of private funding over taxes.
&gt;will be hurt by the market because people won't want to do business with them Cue Matrix meme. Seriously, you're using the exact same logic as every scam artist ever. "If Amway was a scam, the market would have rejected them. The fact that our CEO is a billionaire is proof that it's not a scam."
&gt; Again, the theory does not say that fraud will magically disappear; it says companies with bad practices will be hurt. Saying "companies will be hurt" is vague and meaningless, because it's a relative teem. Hurt compared to what? Amway can still be worth tens of billions of dollars even if 99% of the public views them as a scam, as long as they can fill some of the people some of the time. So the real question is: what would happen if Amway went from being mostly deregulated to completely deregulated? What if there was no official agency to hold them accountable for their claims? For instance, what happens if there are no laws against destroying evidence that belongs to them, making discovery extremely difficult? If the answer is "more successful," then libertarianism loses that argument. And it's really hard to argue against that without relying on matrix magic. A more straightforward example is when libertarians insist that Somalia doesn't count as libertarian because Somalia has lots of bad people doing bad things. Rather than relying on private market security to deal with those bad people as opposed to tax funded plus officers, they simply convince themselves that a true libertarian society would have magically made the bad people go away.
&gt; Again, you disregard the progress we made earlier in the convo. I didn't have to disregard anything, because you don't seem to understand how basic logic works. **Me:** "Libertarians say that children enter adulthood by forfeiting guardianship." **You:** "Yeah, but they also say children *don't* enter adulthood by *not* forfeiting guardianship!" You realize that the second statement doesn't contradict the first? It's like if I said, "Team X wins because they scored more points" and you tried to prove me wrong by saying, "Oh yeah? Well Team Y scored *fewer* points, and they *lost*." &gt; We recognize that children who have not reached maturity need guardians to secure their rights ["The inference rule modus tollens asserts that the inference from P implies Q to the negation of Q implies the negation of P is valid."..."If I am the axe murderer, then I can use an axe. I cannot use an axe. Therefore, I am not the axe murderer."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modus_tollens) You are claiming "lack of maturity -&gt; need for guardianship." But based on fundamental boolean logic, this statement also implies that "**no** need for guardianship -&gt; **no** lack of maturity." Which, by sheer coincidence, is the thing the libertarian party states repeatedly. Rothbard and other prominent libertarians argue that children attain adulthood simply by taking the initiative, i.e., by finding work. And prostitution is a form of work. The entire argument against taxation is that it is immoral for the government to restrict your ability to earn income, because your labor derives from self-ownership of body, which is absolute. Prostitution is *literally* an industry where you body is the main resource being sold, and therefore, it's the purest form of libertarian income and self-ownership. If prostitution isn't a valid form of work, then the entirety of libertarian property theory falls apart. &gt; So it’s obvious there are consent laws in a libertarian society Your quote says the opposite. It doesn't mention anything about legally required age minimums, but simply says that children will remain as children for as long as they require guardianship. i.e., for as long as they consent to it. But this also implies that they can leave as anytime, because their consent is more important. &gt; A child doesn’t become an adult by becoming an illegal under aged prostitute. The libertarian party says otherwise. &gt; You have an objective standard of the age of consent in your mind You have an objective standard of strawman in your mind, because you keep repeating this lie of yours with nothing to back it up. When I say that the age of consent laws is inconsistent with libertarianism, it's because I can provide actual libertarians quotes and positions to support my claim. &gt; You want an authoritarian state who makes decisions for you and punishes women who engage in underaged sex Another strawman. Show me where I said any such thing. I can show you where I said the opposite. &gt; which is exactly what rothbard was arguing against So you support legalized child prostitution and statutory rape, then? Because that's the only time the police will bring in underaged girls for having sex. And even then, it's for the sake of getting them help, not for the sake of jail time. Thanks for admitting you support child prostitution, dude. Because the laws against having sex with a minor applies to the predators, not to the minors themselves. The only way that minors are "punished" is in their inability to earn income. But hey, if you really pretend that Rothbard is merely protesting the widespread police practice throwing 8 year old girls in jail for having sex, then by all means, provide citation of where this thing actually happens. &gt; Snapchat saying love has no age. Which side of the political spectrum does that come from Do you think there are no libertarians in the tech sector or something?
&gt;Ron Paul is a constitutional libertarian which means democratic processes still exist. [Democracy Is Not Freedom by Rep. Ron Paul, MD by Rep. Ron Paul, MD](https://www.lewrockwell.com/2005/02/ron-paul/democracy-isnt-freedom/) "The problem is that democracy is not freedom. Democracy is simply majoritarianism, which is inherently incompatible with real freedom." &amp;#x200B; Recap of Ron Paul: Democracy: Bad. Birth right citizenship for people of color: Bad. The Union side of the Civil War: Bad. Stoning gay people to death for being gay: Good.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary\_North\_(economist)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_North_(economist)) [https://medium.com/the-radical-center/the-man-who-wants-to-kill-gays-397d4acfa30e](https://medium.com/the-radical-center/the-man-who-wants-to-kill-gays-397d4acfa30e)
&gt; &gt; Except this was **your** main source on the matter &gt; &gt; How is he **the** main source on the matter? Now the change in wording. There are lots of other libertarian sources, of course, but they don't support the case you're trying to make. And you never even posted your source saying that he wants to ban child prostitution. Ron Paul supports repealing child labor laws, so apparently he does believe that children are old enough to consent.
&gt; Labor laws and sexual consent are two totally different things. By all means, show me how the definition of labor excludes the act of sex. What about stripping? If children can labor, then can labor include an act of removing clothing? Why or why not? &gt; And maturity is based on a subjective standard. Nope, it's based on the very clear standard of when the child makes the decision to leave, which is exactly how most child prostitutes start their careers. You haven't presented a single libertarian source to the contrary, nor have you presented a source saying it should be based on age. &gt; Are you arguing against a subjective standard for consent? Again, stop trying to project libertarian arguments as my own. Just because the libertarian movement rejects subjective standards for limiting personal liberty doesn't mean that I do. You keep trying to pull this argument whew the libertarian party can't promote an idea unless you yourself promote it, or unless I promote it, which is dumb. It's entirely possible for the libertarian party to promote things that both of us feel are wrong.
&gt;My man. This has been fun but it’s obvious we aren’t getting anywhere. We aren't going anywhere because you can go two sentences without contradicting yourself.
&gt;You get punished for WORKING, and you get rewarded with food stamps and paychecks for sitting on your lazy a\*\* all day. "Health insurance is bad because it punishes you for being cancer free and rewards you if you get terminal cancer!"
## A Day in the Life of Joe Republican Joe gets up at 6:00 am to prepare his morning coffee. He fills his pot full of good, clean drinking water because some liberal fought for minimum water quality standards. He takes his daily medication with his first swallow of coffee. His medications are safe to take because some liberal fought to insure their safety and efficacy. All but $10.00 of his medications are paid for by his employer's medical plan because some liberal union workers fought their employers for paid medical insurance. Now Joe gets it too. He prepares his morning breakfast, bacon and eggs this day. Joe's bacon is safe to eat because some liberal fought for laws to regulate the meat packing industry. Joe takes his morning shower, reaching for his shampoo; his bottle is properly labeled with every ingredient and the amount of its contents because some liberal fought for his right to know the amount and identity of the substances he was putting on his body. Joe dresses, walks outside and takes a deep breath. The air he breathes is clean because some tree hugging liberal fought for laws to stop industries from polluting our air. He walks to the subway station for his government subsidized ride to work; it saves him considerable money in parking and transportation fees. You see, some liberal fought for affordable public transportation, which gives everyone the opportunity to be a contributor to society. Joe begins his work day. He has a good job with excellent pay, medical benefits, retirement, paid holidays and vacation because some liberal union members fought and died for these working standards. Joe's employer upholds these standards because Joe's employer doesn't want his employees to call the union. If Joe is hurt on the job or becomes unemployed hell get a worker compensation or unemployment check because some Liberal didn't think he should lose his home because of his temporary misfortune. It's noon time, Joe needs to make a Bank Deposit so he can pay some bills. Joe's deposit is federally insured by the FSLIC because some liberal wanted to protect Joe's money from unscrupulous bankers who ruined the banking system before the depression. Joe has to pay his Fannie Mae-underwritten mortgage and his below-market federal student loan because some stupid liberal decided that Joe and the government would be better off if he was educated and earned more money over his lifetime. Joe is home from work, and he plans to visit his father this evening at his farm home in the country. He gets in his car for the drive to his dad's; his car is among the safest in the world be cause some wacko liberal (Ralph Nader!) fought for car safety standards. He arrives at his boyhood home. He was the third generation to live in the house financed by Farmer's Home Administration because bankers didn't want to make rural loans. The house didn't have electricity until some big government liberal stuck his nose where it didn't belong and demanded rural electrification. He is happy to see his dad who is now retired. His dad lives on Social Security and his union pension because some liberal made sure he could take care of himself so Joe wouldn't have to. After his visit with dad he gets back in his car for the ride home. He turns on a radio talk show. The host keeps saying that liberals are bad and conservatives are good. He doesn't tell Joe that his beloved Republicans have fought against every protection and benefi that Joe enjoys throughout his day. Joe agrees. "We don't need those big government liberals ruining our lives", he says. "After all, I'm a self-made man who believes everyone should take care of themselves, just like I have".
&gt;benefit more Please define. Do you mean in terms of quality of life? Ability to meet basic needs? Or are you simply referring to pure dollar amounts and basically only saying, "It's almost as if the people who are already wealthy will be able to receive more dollars"?
&gt;“the act of stealing; the **wrongful taking** and carrying away of the personal goods or property of another; larceny.” What exactly makes it wrongful? Because right now, you're relying on circular reasoning. You're saying that taxes are wrong because it meets the definition of theft and then claiming that it meets the definition of theft because it's wrong. Which is a fancy way of saying, "It meets the definition of theft because I say so." It's like saying that gay people meet the dictionary definition of immorality because they don't conform to the accepted standards of morality. You're trying to use your conclusion as the premise.
&gt; Distraction is an issue, not speed. Reaction time and stopping distance are still major limitations, regardless of distractions. &gt; The unrestricted Autobahn has few accidents despite high speeds. But private insurance companies still impose their own restrictions, by holding drivers liable for an accident for driving at higher than recommended speeds even in cases where someone else was technically at fault.
UL is notable because they're officially endorsed by osha to help ensure that companies are meeting government standards. Which is how most licensing works in general.
&gt;Sad that bootlickers like yourself actually believe your rulers have the power/competence to save you from all of life's realities. Remember that time when Ayn Rand was such a rugged individualist that she refused state sponsored medicare and instead relied entirely on her own bootstraps to treat her lung cancer? Good thing she wasn't a bootlicker who relied on national health care for treatment.
&gt; who cares about Ayn Rand? A crap ton of libertarians. Because once again, her behavior isn't exactly unique, since pretty much all libertarians will do the same in her situation. It's the same reason you see so many libertarians in welfare or so many libertarians working government jobs or attending public universities while winning about the taxes they aren't even paying. &gt; Classic progressive racism You really have no idea how to post a coherent argument. Me : libertarians are hypocrites who are nowhere near as independent as they claim, and will immediately abandon their ridiculous principals when they have the chance. You : OMG, why are you racist against immigrants!? Your response has zero connection to anything I actually said.
&gt; If there was no opt in/out You have many options for opting out. You can vote, run for office, convince the people to revolt, refuse any taxable transaction, or leave for somewhere else. The market, by contrast, only offers the last two options, with no option for voting or running for popular vote. Is hilarious how you keep insisting "no one asked for government help" when your ideology generally only represents 3% of the population and most of that 3% don't even practice what they preach. Even in states like Kentucky where people vote to end Obama care, it turns out that they didn't really mean it because they thought that their own treatments would be exempt. They're only against letting *other* people ask for help. It's also why conservative states also tend to be the biggest moochers. A much more accurate assessment is, "nobody is asking for libertarians to determine policy." &gt; state-sanctioned genocide Because giving the people the option to see a doctor for treatment is totally the same thing as murdering then against their will, dumbass. &gt; You still haven't explained why you think Mexican immigrants require you to save them For the same reason everyone else requires saving, including libertarians. &gt; Do you think they are inferior to you? Nope, and nothing I said ever suggests they are. You keep going back to strawman arguments that are the polar opposite of true, where "Mexicans need the same things as everyone else" implies inferiority, access to Healthcare implies genocide, and libertarians have 99% of the popular core because nobody is asking for non libertarian solutions.
&gt; So you're a proponent of genocide? If you support the idea of free markets motivated by profit, does that mean you support the idea of Coca Cola committing mass genocide for profit? If you support individual liberty, does that mean you support the individual liberty to commit genocide? That's pretty much the same logic that you're using. &gt; stealing money from the labor of others Nope. You voluntarily consent to paying income tax as a condition of accepting a job. If those terms aren't acceptable, then you always have the option to walk away with no punishment or penalty. By your logic, agreeing to pay for rent as a condition of living in an apartment is stealing and therefore genocide, because the landlord won't let you live their for free if you refuse to pay.
&gt; I'm afraid your logic centers have ruptured beyond repair. All I did was mirror the exact same logic that you're using, so you're complaining about your own reflection. &gt; You would have a valid point IFF that landlord also regulated all the local businesses, including whether or not they were allowed to hire you, Company towns were common place during the gilded age. And unlike the state, that didn't give the citizens any chance to vote or run for public office. Moreover, your use of the phrase "local" implies that your objection is due to the scale of the action, rather than the nature of the action. &gt; owned/maintained an army, Private security. &gt; violently destroyed any local competition, Try selling your own brand of hamburger inside of a McDonald's sometime and let me know how they respond to the competition. Or try building your own rooms on the roof of an existing apartment building and let me know if the landlord allows you to rent them out. &gt; dictated the terms of your lease agreement holding that they had the power to change the term at their whim, and also dictated/enforced on all local contractual disagreements. Private arbitration. All of the powers you complain about government having are powers that you would be okay with giving to private entities.
&gt; And they were shady as hell. Which is perfectly acceptable inside a libertarian market. At least the state gives people the option to vote if they're unhappy with the administration. &gt; Now imagine McDonald's has it's own army Private security. &gt; and claims ownership of an entire continent. The only continent this applies to is Australia. And once again, that's a complaint about the scale, not the morality of the action itself.
&gt; Entirely fixated on "big personalities" and entirely incapable of discussing policy. You're the one who brought Trump up. Now you're trying to argue that exploring the reason that Trump got elected is irrelevant to explaining how Trump got elected. &gt; Who claimed that having markets/choice vs central planning/force prevents all forms of injustice? What I said was that by your logic, markets create and encourage injustice, not simply that they fail to prevent it. &gt; There is likely no such thing as perfect utopia So why are you holding the democracy to that standard, but not willing to hold privatization to the same standards? Genocide can happen under democracy if the vast majority of the population are okay with genocide. Then again, genocide can also happen under privatization under the same circumstances. &gt; More retarded nonsense. Deregulation does not imply legitimization. Under deregulation, corruption is legitimized simply by being profitable. Anti vaxxers are legitimized by their ability to sell books. Climate change is legitimized by the profit margins for oil companies. Slavery is legitimized by the sale of cotton. Etc. &gt; And the retarded vuvuzela plays on about irrelevant bullshit. The political preferences of modern Nazis is irrelevant to the subject of genocide?
&gt; then you should be equally uncomfortable with the US government doing it. Can you point to where I ever said I'd be okay with the US government committing genocide? Or is your entire argument is based on the idea that health care is the same thing?
&gt; There you go again justifying atrocity You : "The market is free because you can walk away from a business you don't like." Me : "You can also walk away from a state you don't like." You : "OMG, so you're saying you're okay with Hitler?" All I did was use the same logic that you used. If you think that equates to justifying atrocity, then that means that you're guilty of justifying atrocity by the standards that you yourself established.
&gt; You want gods to run your life for you. Nope. The fact I said that people have the option to walk away implies the total opposite of what you claim. Me : "You can leave if you aren't happy with the situation." You : "So you're saying you want other people to rule over you like a God?" You keep claiming that I said the opposite of what I actually said because you don't have any other way to argue against me.
Today it turned him into a libertarian. Prior to today he was affiliated with a completely different party.
&gt;An insane amount of money is spent in Washington to prevent competitive pricing. If you wanted to see better service for less money, you're free to do so. The reason this doesn't happen isn't because governments are preventing companies from doing it. It's because profit motive unsurprisingly discourages companies from doing things that will lower their profit margins.
"Government won't let con artists pose as doctors to start a snake oil businesses, therefore, medicine is expensive. Also, as a libertarian, we believe that profit motivated companies will continue to spend billions of dollars into R&amp;D even if they weren't allowed to patent their findings and therefore not allowed to profit off their work, because that makes perfect sense." Libertarians want it both ways. They want to argue that profit motive will fix everything, but they also want to blame the government for the fact that businesses are motivated by profit.
&gt; You mean the Jim Crow laws implemented by the ~~left?~~ **South** Fixed that for you. The racist Jim Crow states immediately switched over to the republican party as soon as the Civil rights act passed and have stayed there ever since.
&gt; What about qualified Asians being denied admission? Are you pretending that no Asian person has ever gotten into college or earned a scholarship? Lots of qualified people who apply for competitive colleges won't get in. That's what makes those colleges so competitive.
&gt; Harvard the right to discriminate based on skin color Asian people represent 6% of the general population and 25% of Harvard. If Harvard is trying to discriminate against Asian people, then they'd doing an extremely poor job at it. &gt; When southern black SWAC schools like Grambling or Alcorn St. deny black people admission to "diversify", are you okay with that too? So you think that black people are underrepresented at traditionally black universities? Or do you think it is only okay to be racist against Asians? &gt; Maybe the fact that they are literally being denied admission based on the color of their skin. Because nothing says admissions denial like representing 25% of admissions with only 6% of the general population. &gt; You didn't answer my question earlier. I did answer your question by pointing out that the premise of your question was false. Why do you think is okay to beat your wife? &gt; I don't see how supply and demand is relevant to this discussion. Because if the number of qualified people applying is more than the number of people they have space for, then it means that you will have some people who are qualified who don't get in.
&gt; This is what moving goal posts looks like. So you're demanding a perfect 1:1 correlation on the claim that Jim Crow is strongly associated with the south, while falling far short of a 1:1 correlation for your own claim that is strongly associated with the democratic party. That's what a double standard looks like. &gt; Nothing says sub college level debating quite like a pretentious ad hominem remark. Pointing out your logic is bad isn't an ad hominem, which reaffirms my position that you don't actually understand how fallacies work. &gt; I just wanted to expose you as a racist hypocrite for supporting Affirmative Action while decrying libertarians that are opposed to the Civil Rights Act. "Complaining about people who want to create artificial barriers for under represented minorities while also trying to decrease artificial barriers for under represented minorities makes you a hypocrite."
&gt; This is some next level autism. Ad hominem . &gt; I didn't say Harvard is racist. I said you're a racist Ad hominem. &gt; I agree, definitely ad hominem. Well-earned for your racist philosophies You mean the racist philosophies that I never actually advocated for and which only exist in your personal strawman attacks?
&gt; If you support affirmative action, you're a racist. Ad hominem. You're not actually explaining your points or showing how I said anything you're attributing to me, you're just saying that I'm a racist because you said so.
&gt; Discrimination based on race. Accounting for 25% of admissions when you represent 6% of general population is hardly evidence of discrimination. &gt; Jobs /=/ College If test scores alone were an objective measurement of talent, then why don't we see that in private industry? Why do tech recruiters spend tens of thousands of dollars trying to vet future talent if they could simply ask for an SAT score and be done with it? &gt; That's cute, you have no idea what circular reasoning means. Feel free to correct me if you think you can. &gt; You just answered your own question sport. "X and Y should both be considered" in no way implies "x is more important than y", which is what you claimed. Once again, you're displaying incredibly poor critical thinking skills. &gt; It has no bearing on the type of student they will be. It has bearing on the amount of adversity they had to overcome and different experiences they can bring to the table, which is entirely relevant in predicting future growth potential and the ability to contribute to a rich learning environment.
&gt; we have both already established that admissions were denied based on race. You repeating something that's veritably untrue over and over again is not the same as you establishing it. &gt; So in conclusion we do have tests like the SAT in the private business sector to test skillsets You keep jumping to conclusions without showing your work. Certification is testing for specific knowledge, what you're already capable of. The SAT is trying to gauge future potential, which is much less specific and much harder to measure. Predicting the future will always be much harder than assessing the past. &gt; Don’t dish it if you can’t take it. I figured a racist would have thicker skin. Ad hominem. &gt; Fixed it for you So having 5 times the admission rate means you're being discriminated against? Man, if that's the definition of discrimination, then I wish that everyone would discriminate against me all the time... &gt; and you choose not to believe it no many how many times I source it for you Posting a lie over and over doesn't magically make it true. Your claim is that Asian people are excluded from Harvard on the basis of being Asian. **ex·clude: deny (someone) access to or bar (someone) from a place, group, or privilege.** Not only are Asian people not being excluded from Harvard, but Asian people are 5 times more likely to get in compared to non-Asian people. We have one black president and 44 white ones, and conservatives will claim racism against black people is over because of the one single exception. Asian people account for 25% of Harvard admissions, and these same conservatives will insist that the Asian people are being excluded from attending Harvard. &gt; Did this sound relevant to you in your head? It's the same argument that you're trying to use. It's not my fault your logic is terrible.
&gt; Sure I posted links, you haven’t posted anything except your conjecture Your links haven't disproven a single thing I said. But here's a link that disproves your claim that Asians are being excluded: [Last week, Harvard announced the results of the latest admissions cycle, for the Class of 2023, and the share of Asian Americans admitted is at the highest level ever -- 25.4 percent.](https://www.insidehighered.com/admissions/article/2019/04/01/share-asian-americans-hits-record-high-harvards-class-admitted) &gt; when proven wrong you ignore the facts and/or sources posted What specific fact did I supposedly ignore? &gt; Certifications are also gauging future potential When I look to hire a certified plumber, it's because I want to know he's ready to do the job right now. Not because I'm hoping that he'll be capable of doing the job in 5 years. It's also not remotely the same as a general aptitude test, like the SAT. How many jobs can you list where you get hired solely based on your GPA and SAT score? Maybe you can get a job as an SAT tutor, but that's about it. &gt; anytime you are denied based on the color of your skin And that "anytime" clearly isn't happening if Asian people are 5 times more likely to be admitted compared to non-Asian people. 25% of the students at Harvard are Asian, which means that they weren't denied. You keep building on a false premise and expecting people to accept the conclusion. Your argument is equivalent to an anti-vaxxer starting an argument with, "Anytime a vaccine has been proven to cause autism..." Well, they haven't been, so your whole argument is bunk. &gt; My claim is not that Asian people are being excluded from Harvard &gt; I never said exclude once. * ["So Harvard can discriminate based on race but a health insurance company can’t?"](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam/comments/c1yxrz/whenever_libertarians_discuss_racial_politics/ermah6q/) * ["Your logic is if there are Asian people in college then that gives schools like Harvard the right to discriminate based on skin color?"](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam/comments/c1yxrz/whenever_libertarians_discuss_racial_politics/erksmpi/) * [**"Burger King isn’t excluding a group based on their race** or ethnicity in your example **but Universities are."**](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam/comments/c1yxrz/whenever_libertarians_discuss_racial_politics/erlsdfa/) &gt; If you weren’t lazy you would have linked it That's hilarious given all the claims you falsely attributed to me with no link. Feel free to provide links to where I made any of the following claims: * "Of course to you, race is more important in determining someone's merit than test scores." * "You don't want people with different looking eyes than you getting admitted into universities." * "Why are you so grossly infatuated with race in the determination of whether they are qualified?" &gt; That’s rich coming from a socialist. Ad hominem. You're completely incapable of actually explaining why I'm wrong, so all you can rely on is personal attack and vague non-specific claims of how I was proven wrong somewhere off site. Do you think that the Nobel Prize committee is excluding physicists if they limit the number of physicists who can win the Nobel prize? Let's say you work at an accounting firm. They post a job opening for a janitor, but they aren't posting any openings for additional accountants. Does that mean that they're discriminating against accountants? Does that mean that accountants as a group are being excluded from the accounting firm? Should they be required to hire accountants instead of janitors if the accountants who apply scored higher on the SATs, because the accountants feel they're more deserving?
&gt; This shows the Asians that were admitted Thus refuting your claim that Asians are excluded in the basis of being Asians. &gt; That people are being denied admission based on race Except there were plenty of people with the same race who had no problem getting in, thus disproving your underlying claim. &gt; When I look to hire a CPA, it's because I want to know he's ready to do the job right Right. Not because you hope they learn those skills in the future. And once again : CPA certification is testing for specific knowledge, not general aptitude, so your entire comparison is bad. &gt; Wrong again: Where specifically in your link does it show that I am wrong? When I cite sources, I wrote relevant passages. You can't do that, because there aren't any. You're using the same tactic as anti vaxxers, "the mere fact I have a link is prove my &gt; "Burger King excluded" notice how Burger King is the subject in that sentence not universities. Not only are you lying, but you're well aware of the fact that you're lying, evident because you're writing the first two sentences but not the third sentence that is actually relevant to your claim. Here it is again : **""Burger King isn’t excluding a group based on their race or ethnicity in your example but Universities are."** Note the last three words. I'm also waiting for to cure the claims you attributes to me. &gt; You started the ad hominem Nope. I said you're logic was bad, which is an attack of your argument. Not your character. Whereas your responses have consisted almost entirely of attacking my character, not my argument. &gt; I've been owning you in this thread ever since you exposed your double standards. Lol, you posted that too a libertarian forum and the comments in your own link are making fun of you. But like the rest of your circular reasoning, apparently you consider yourself the winner solely because you said you are. &gt; You haven't answered any of my questions Which questions haven't I answered? Be specific. Just because I responded to loaded questions by explaining why they were loaded questions doesn't mean I didn't answer them.
&gt; Yea I guess getting an associates degree from cc Not everyone has the funds or the free time to pursue that option. Even if CC is cheaper than the alternative, it still represents a significant tuition cost and opportunity cost for millions of Americans.
&gt;But... Don't all the restaurants in the u.s. have the right to deny service when they want to? Or am I just stupid? Could be both tbh They can refuse service to an individual, but not to an entire protected class.
Libertarians: "My boss asking me to agree to certain labor conditions as a condition for finding working is voluntary because I would quit my job if I don't like those terms." &amp;#x200B; Also libertarians: "My boss asking me to agree to signing a W-4 form as a condition for finding working is involuntary because I would have to quit my job if I don't like those terms."
Ron Paul was never very popular and never succeeded at pulling in the popular vote. In 2012, the Ron Paul campaign strategy was to look for was to subvert the popular vote by finding ways to win delegates in districts where Ron Paul wasn't popular. They then accused the RNC of "cheating" when they put a stop to that. You'll note that a lot of people in this thread will complain about how the RNC changed the rules, but they won't actually go into specifics of what those rule changes actually entailed.
&gt;The Republicans would be smart to run Rand instead of Trump. Except that Rand has been one of Trump's biggest supporters. Maybe you're thinking of a version of Rand Paul who exists entirely in your imagination?
He's trying to imply that immigrants shouldn't be allowed to enter this country for the same reason that bank robbers shouldn't be allowed inside of bank vaults. Of course, the analogy doesn't even make any sense when you realize that customers aren't allowed in bank vaults at all, only the employees are. So by the logic of this strip, only US government employees should be allowed to reside within the US.
&gt;What’s really funny is that the bank vault is full because the bank legally stole from people. In this case, the current bank owners took over an existing bank, murdered or deported the former owners, and then cried foul when the non-murdered deported former owners tried to open an account.
Neck beards have no concept of outside.
Reminds me of how libertarians insists that they're moderates because they're both against the idea of zero government and against the idea of absolute government with power to micromanage every detail of your life, as if the latter were an actual position and not a complete strawman.
[https://np.reddit.com/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam/comments/2qc0dn/libertarian\_says\_he\_can\_build\_an\_intersection\_for/](https://np.reddit.com/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam/comments/2qc0dn/libertarian_says_he_can_build_an_intersection_for/) ?
&gt;Libertarians always wind up reinventing the government, only this time it’s ~~not called the government~~ **embracing literal fascism over democracy** so it’s okay. Fixed.
&gt;as he is a dependent Moochers gotta mooch.
&gt; Whether you make 10,000 per year or 10,000,000 per year, you’d have the same rate. That's assuming that rich people don't lie about how much they make. Good luck with that.
I remember when this freedom loving subreddit banned me a few months ago for speaking out in favor of minimum wage laws -- a position supported by the vast majority of the population -- because it was too extreme for them. Currently there are posters on this subreddit who are banned for quoting the positions of prominent libertarians like Murray Rothbard.
Because only extreme liberals can be opposed to Nazi's, I guess.
&gt;Well if it's in a youtube comment, it must be false. I see a bunch of youtube comments from people promising that they can make you rich if you sign up for their program, sounds totes legit.
Trump had a history of being a dumbass racist lying con artist criminal who brags about committing sexual assault. In what way was that a crap shoot? In what sense was Hillary worse?
&gt; The problem is the corrupt government that gives them a patent on a naturally occurring part of our bodies The patents cover the manufacturing process and the delivery mechanisms, they do not cover the general concept of insulin.
&gt; The problem here is that our corrupt government has stepped in and said no one can make this product except for this company because they have a patent. This is like listening to someone insist that the reason smart phones today cost $1000 is because Apple has patents and therefore it's illegal for anyone to make a cheaper communication device . You're simply starting from the premise of "government is responsible for everything bad in the world" and working from there, with no understanding of the actual market you're trying to discuss. &gt; If there was no patent there would be no problem as companies would compete for business at a lower price point. Sure, in much the same sense that if there were no patents, you would never see an iPhone sell for $1000. Not because the iPhone would be sold for cheaper than that, but because the iPhone wouldn't exist at all.
Your understanding of the insulin industry is about 100 years out of date.
[https://www.fda.gov/drugs/questions-answers/questions-and-answers-importing-beef-or-pork-insulin-personal-use#Q-1](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/questions-answers/questions-and-answers-importing-beef-or-pork-insulin-personal-use#Q-1) ***A.*** *The manufacturing of beef insulin for human use in the U.S. was discontinued in 1998. In 2006, the manufacturing of pork insulin (Iletin II) for human use was discontinued.* ***The discontinuation of animal-sourced insulins was a voluntary withdrawal of these products made by the manufacturers and not based on any FDA regulatory action***\*. Although there are no FDA-approved animal-sourced insulins available in the U.S., recombinant human insulins and their analogs are safe and effective FDA-approved products available for the treatment of type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus.\* If you want to sell insulin that was produced from older methods, you still can. There's no law preventing companies from doing this, just like there's no law preventing companies from selling 8-tracks and VHS players. The reason it doesn't happen is because companies have decided to abandon these technologies on their own, not because of any law. But your claim that companies today take insulin from other animals was clearly false.
&gt;It’s the patent we are all here talking about that sold for $1... I know it’s a 100 year old patent I was welcoming him to the conversation. No, you made a false claim that companies today "take the insulin from other animals like dogs and fish," based on an outdated patent from 100 years ago, as if nothing in the manufacturing process has changed since then.
&gt;If the competition is cheaper then go to the Competition Circular reasoning. "Capitalism offers cheaper options as long as you presume that capitalism will offer cheaper options." "This dating app will give me access to supermodels with masters degrees in STEM, because if it doesn't, then I'll simply go to another dating app that will give me what I want!"
&gt;I just said there was a patent on naturally occurring chemicals That's just completely wrong, which we've explained to you repeatedly. The naturally occurring chemicals are not under patent today. What *is* under patent are the modern manufacturing processes and delivery mechanisms, which do *not* exist in nature. This is basically like talking to someone who doesn't understand the difference between putting a patent on a proprietary battery that uses cutting edge nanotechnology vs putting a patent on the concept of electricity itself. You keep talking about insulin patents as if they cover the latter, and not the former.
&gt;https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/news/media/releases/why_people_with_diabetes_cant_buy_generic_insulin From your link: "This keeps older versions off the generic market, the authors say, **because generic manufacturers have less incentive to make a version of insulin that doctors perceived as obsolete.**" In other words, there's nothing legally preventing generic companies from producing older versions of insulin that are no longer under patent. They have simply chosen not to do so because the profit motive isn't there, and we live in a capitalist economy where profit motive is the main driver. It's the same reason you don't see stores selling bottled water for 5 cents a bottle, even though they easily could. There's no law preventing a company from entering the market at that price point, but companies would rather make a bigger profit over a smaller one. &gt; So confused on why we are still arguing about this. Probably because you don't no how to read your own damned links. &gt; Look at it this way, you can buy a 1TB thumb drive for $39.99 on amazon yet the maximum storage you can get on an iPhone is 512GB. Right. Because of profit motive. Not because of any law.
&gt;In other words I have literally never said today you are just trying to put words in my mouth. Distinction without a difference. I showed you making claims in the present tense. If you would like to explain why your claims can be true in the present tense without being true today, then by all means, do so. &gt;Wrong, simply for the fact that you somehow think a drastic change 100 years ago would give us the same market today, The original patent was shared freely to any company that could prove that they could produce insulin safely -- something that wasn't possible before hand. If you could prove that your product didn't kill people, then you could sell insulin without paying any royalties. That's already the best case scenario. The "drastic change" you propose would have resulted in a different market, but not for the better. The only people barred from entering the market under the original patent are the ones who made a product unfit for human treatment. The University of Toronto had no motivation to deny usage of the patent to anyone else. **tl;dr: Your claim is that the original 1923 patent prevented people from entering the market. Do you believe that** ***good*** **actors were barred from selling insulin? If so, then where's your proof? Can you point to any company that wanted to sell safe insulin at a lower cost, but was prevented from doing so? If you cannot point to any examples of companies being prevented from selling safe insulin, then why are you complaining?**
&gt;Name one instance where a company has become so large that it snuffs out all competition without the help of government, court systems, patents what have you. Your goal post is so extreme that you won't find any example of a company doing this even *with* the help of government, because snuffing out all competition would require snuffing out competitors backed by other states, which would therefore require snuffing out those other states. Libertarians use a monopoly double standard. Government are considered a monopoly for having *any* amount of control over *any* amount of space for *any* amount of time. Where as corporations can only be a monopoly if they have all control across all of time and all of space. So a town council with 100 people in the middle of nowhere is considered a monopoly, but a corporation worth trillions of dollar and billions of customers wouldn't be.
&gt; &gt; tl;dr: Your claim is that the original 1923 patent prevented people from entering the market. **Do you believe that good actors were barred from selling insulin? If so, then where's your proof?** Can you point to any company that wanted to sell safe insulin at a lower cost, but was prevented from doing so? If you cannot point to any examples of companies being prevented from selling safe insulin, then why are you complaining? &gt; &gt; Eli Lilly &amp; Co was the only pharmaceutical company permitted to utilize the patent by University of Toronto per their agreement. Prove me wrong. https://books.google.com/books?id=r6OhBQAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PA9&amp;lpg=PA9&amp;dq=Squibb+%26+Sons+insulin+1924&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=J3tAPE0RTf&amp;sig=ACfU3U3v8jFRxFnk-uMFaj8ihxjl9L4RWA&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi3oNDfouvmAhVBGzQIHXTbDtoQ6AEwAHoECAgQAQ#v=onepage&amp;q=Squibb%20%26%20Sons%20insulin%201924&amp;f=false
&gt;Was insulin being sold for what would be considered “cheap”? Under the initial patents and agreements, absolutely. The price increases and collusion happened much later, for reasons that would have happened even without the patents.
&gt;So mass producing products by multiple companies is better than one company mass producing? Fairly irrelevant question, since Eli Lilly wasn't the only company producing insulin back then, nor are they the only company producing insulin today.
&gt; That being said I stand by that we wouldn’t have ended up here if there was more competition all along ie more capitalistisms. "More competition" and "more capitalism" are two completely separate things. You can have both, neither, or one without the other. 1. Capitalism encourages profit, and companies may simply decide that the best way to maximize profit is via collusion, rather than competition. 2. Even when competition does exists, bigger companies can always use their wealth to tip the scales in their favor. This is the entire basis for the game "Monopoly." In the real world, you can look at Amazon. &gt; Not at all shocked, but I feel it’s the governments job to level the playing field rather than skew it. Economic conservatives do everything in their power to prevent that from happening. &gt; I really don’t know why it happened but they just banded together and price fixed and not that many companies make RAM. Capitalism happened. RAM and insulin are products that have an incredibly high upfront cost with incredibly high risk that quickly goes down with scale. The people who can afford the upfront cost usually have no inclination to pass the later savings onto customers. And the people who would be inclined to pass on the savings usually wouldn't be able to afford the upfront cost. Even if the patents for insulin didn't exist, it would still be a massive investment simply to come up with the gene splicing technology. And it's impossible to produce the exact same product, your best hope is to produce something "close enough," which means you need to also pay for a lot of testing. You could try to allow the sale of insulin without any testing, but that opens the door to lots of shady dealers. Watch an episode of Shark Tank. If investors have a choice between trying to sell 1 million units with a $100 margin or trying to sell 100 million units with a $1 margin, they will pick the first one every single time. And that's basically what they describe in the article that you linked to.
&gt;Or he is innocent, as in until proven guilty. Call him what you will but that is not how the law works. Remind me again how many subpoenas he's refusing to obey?
&gt;But who said we can't have an inflationary cryptocurrency. The people who created it, since avoiding inflation is the entire point. &gt; An important question is, who should get the money that results from inflation? Governments? Inflation creates dollars used to pay for government services, and then creates demand for those dollars via taxes, thereby creating markets where those government employees can pay for goods. &gt; In the past, when we transacted with gold and gold based currencies (before the gold standard), This is a piece of economic fan fiction for people who don't understand the difference between video game and reality. Gold has historically made for a terrible choice in currency, because it's too scarce for every day transaction and requires highly specialized equipment in order to accurately measure. Not to mention the fact that it could easily be stolen and melted down to remove any evidence of the crime. &gt; The good thing about cryptocurrency is that the money supply is transparent for all. No it's really not. We don't even know the person who supposedly invented it who controls the biggest stake. &gt; Currently, most of our new money is created by Fractional Reserve Banking. The libertarian notion of the money multiplier effect assumes that everyone is borrowing money but no one is actually spending or paying back their loans. i.e., the idea that I will borrow $1 million from the bank, and then immediately deposit it into a bank account, at which point the bank will reserve $100,000 and loan out the other $900,000 to someone else, who in turn will immediately deposit the $900,000 somewhere else. But in the real world, people don't borrow money just to put it into a bank account. And banks don't really loan out money unless you tell them in advance what you intend to use it for. &gt; If it was, we wouldn't have had the 2008 financial crisis. Bitcoin makes that type of crisis even more likely. Unsustainable bubbles on the promise of infinite long term growth? Check. Rampant fraud and lack of accountability? Check.
Obviously the best way for companies to maximize their profit is by selling their goods at the lowest possible price while paying the best employees the highest possible salaries and also hiring enough people to bring unemployment to zero.
Oh wait, the op is posting this unironically?
Because no restaurant has ever closed down prior to the minimum wage hikes.
&gt; they find a new job. You're assuming that there are enough employers or there willing to pay them what they're worth, which again, is circular reasoning. "How can people deserve more than what they already have if they don't already have it?" &gt; supply and demand also means that someone or something is paid what it's worth. Circular reasoning. "A person's worth is determined by the free market, and therefore, the free market always pays you what you're worth." This is like listening to someone insist that a person who scored poorly on a Scientology assessment can't be healthy because a healthy person would have scored higher. You're making a claim that assumes your conclusion is already true and which doesn't open itself up to any sort of outside verification. A minimum wage worker couldn't possibly deserve a higher wage, because of they did, then they would already have those higher wages.
Everything you attacked just now is a strawman. I said that an increase in value often doesn't translate into an increase in salary. I didn't say there was no relationship whatsoever.
&gt; Only **other government monopolies** like competing central banks It's not much of a monopoly if you have more than one of them.
Being quoted by someone doesn't magically mean you have any sort of power or influence.
"There's zero chance a movie like Harriet would be made today with current cancel culture. Zero. As soon as word got out that there's a movie featuring slavery, there would be protests, even before filming began." That's how you sound right now. Completely missing the point.
This is a lot like claiming that a movie like "Harriet" wouldn't get made today because the SJWs of the world are anti slavery. Context is important.
&gt; but their laws can extend insofar as only protection of rights, and not taxation, which is mass robbery So the state is obligated to protect your rights, but they aren't allowed to charge you for it. You're demanding that governed employees serve you for free, and somehow that makes them the robber and not you.
&gt; What about income or property taxes then? When you purchase property, you agree to a clause assuming responsibility for all tax obligations. When you apply for employment, you sign a contract agreeing to withholdings. It's no different from an Uber driver who voluntarily agrees to buy insurance and pay Uber fees when he agrees to work for Uber. The problem is that you want the benefits of signing the contract without paying the cost that you agreed to. And somehow that makes them the thief and not you.
In the state of nature, I am free to walk where ever I want as long as I don't initiate force on another body. I never signed a contract agreeing not to walk inside your house, so therefore, taking away that right is a form of theft.
&gt; You went into an agreement with HIM Please give me an example of a tax you pay that doesn't involve an agreement you entered into with the government. &gt; But govt is literally " give tax or get shot". So is rent. If I refuse to pay rent and I also refuse to leave, then the land owner can shoot me for trespassing. I pay rent to avoid getting shot, which is coercion according to you.
If I refuse to pay rent, the landlord will threaten me and force me to leave. Therefore, rent meets the definition of coercion you provided.
&gt; I sign a contract between me and other party. Govt shoves it down my throat cause it can. No, the other party involved the government in order to gain the benefits that come with it. It's no different from a shop owner agreeing to pay credit card fees in order to gain the benefits of being able to access customers with credit cards. You can try operating a business entirely under the table, and government would have no way of tracking you until you decide to commit fraud and attempt to rap the benefits of paying taxes without actually paying them. For instance, you can try buying land from someone who removes the clause saying that your obligated to pay peppery taxes on the property. But what happens if bandits with more firepower than you decide to take over afterwards? Why should the police help you if you refuse to pay taxes for their services? Why should they recognize your peppery contract as valid if it fails to meet their requirements? Ergo, people voluntarily pay property taxes in order to avoid this situation.
&gt; All taxes. So basically the Sarah Palin evasion when she was asked to list what newspapers she read. You have no actual answer to my question, so your only response is vague generalities. &gt; You and him made a deal- you live in his house for some money. Yes, just like you entered a deal agreeing to pay property taxes when you signed your property contract, and you entered a deal agreeing to withholdings when you signed a W-4 form. Alternatively, suppose you're a squatter who never entered a deal with the landlord in the first place. You simply entered the residency on your own without any prior agreement to pay rent. Is the landlord allowed to initate force? &gt; It was you who initiated force on him. Nope. I never threatened to violence on his person. The landlord initiated that by calling the police. &gt; It is either you pay up or we shoot you. Completely wrong. I showed you where you entered agreements to pay taxes. &gt; I didn't agree You have failed to provide a single example where this is actually the case. &gt; I own my property Really? How do we verify that you're the rightful owner? What happens if someone else claims to be the owner of the same piece of property? How do the courts determine which person is telling the truth?
&gt; Just take bitcoin as an example. The government has gone to various exchanges and demanded records of individuals. That's only true because for brokerage firms which exchange fiat for crypto and vice verse, and which voluntarily seek access to nationally backed banking systems in order to facilitate that conversion. There's no law requiring that these services offer this type of exchange, and there's no law forcing crypto users to rely on these services. &gt; In theory, if I exchange bitcoin for goods and services, no dollars were used In theory sure, but that's not how Coinbase's business model works at all. "Coinbase is a digital currency exchange headquartered in San Francisco, California. They broker exchanges of Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Litecoin, Tezos, and many others, **with fiat currencies** in approximately 32 countries, and bitcoin transactions and storage in 190 countries worldwide." The entire purpose of Coinbase is to allow people to convert their fiat bank accounts into crypto and vice verse.
&gt; We were discussing how I could get outside the dollar system Then try citing a service that isn't based on exchanging dollars for crypto and vice verse.
&gt; So according to you, I shouldn't have to pay rent or leave it **I never signed a contract** with the landlord promising that I would. Got it. &gt; &gt; I dont know if you are dense. If you signed a contract What part of "I never signed a contract" are you not understanding, Mr Dense? &gt; bound to pay him legally The meme specifically specially argued that any legal obligation is compulsory and therefore coercion and therefore theft, Mr. Dense. &gt; If i fail to file taxes i will be shot. "if I fail to pay rent, I will be shot." &gt; I cant opt out of them even if i want to. Sure you can, by walking away from the transaction. This has already been explained to you numerous times, and applied to every example you provided. If you refuse to sign a property contract because you don't want to pay property taxes, then you don't have to pay them. Once again, you're complaining because you want the benefits of signing the contract without paying the cost.
&gt; The government isn't going after coinbase, it's going after it's users... The users knew the terms of coinbase when they signed up with them and had the option to take their business somewhere else. &gt; Also, google gold contract law. The government has already imposed in this area You're upset that the state imposed itself in a process where people specifically ask the state to impose itself (I. E., the settling of contracts in a court of law). You want the state to enforce a contract on your behalf, but you don't want them to have any say on what they're willing to enforce. This is like competing on Shark tank and then complaining when the sharks try to lecture you on how to run your business. &gt; Basically, I can't write a contract and force someone to pay me in gold Sure. You also can't write a contract and force someone to pay you in sex, or force someone to pay you with their organs, or force someone to pay you with pixie dust. If someone convinced a five year old to sign a contract agreeing to work as a sex slave, does the government have any right to interfere and invalidate the contract, or to demand an alternative means of payment?
&gt; A W4 is not a contract, dipshit. The text reads "Complete Form W-4 so that your employer can withhold the correct federal income tax from your pay" If you don't agree to withholdings, then don't compete that form. As long as you don't commit fraud and try to present yourself as someone who completed that firm even though you didn't, you won't go to jail. &gt; People get thrown into jail if they work without paying taxes. No, they go to jail for committing fraud. Which also happens in private industry.
&gt; You realize you pay Taxes if you move right? That's only enforcing if you choose to continue doing business with the US, either directly or indirectly through their partners. Which no one is forcing you to do. Otherwise, the nation of Malta can write a law saying I owe them $1 billion in taxes tomorrow, but they have no power to actually collect on it if I don't do any business with them.
&gt; Getting charged for breaking a contract isn't the same thing as being charged to quit. It literally is the same thing if the breach only happened as a consequence of quitting. &gt; No the fucking invading foreign militaries would equal coercion. In the absence of a state, you are responsible for paying for your own defense. The problem is that you want the benefits of a state (defense from others) without having to pay for those benefits.
&gt; So asking for payment in gold is the same as child prostitution? You sound very reasonable, tell me more. I asked you if the state has the authority to impose itself in a private contract. Yes or no? &gt; Clearly, the government is acting as a monopoly in the area of money Now. If the debtor voluntarily agrees to pay debts in gold, then they are still free to do so. You're complaining because you can't force them to pay in gold if they don't want to, or if they are simply unable to. &gt; fucking over people with legitimate contracts So we back to the question : if someone convinced a five year old to work as a sex slave, is that a legitimate contract? If your only objection is that children are too young to enter that type of contract, what if the parent signs off on it on their behalf? What if the church of scientology asks they're members to sign away their right to file charges, and then those members get raped? Is that a legitimate contract? This is not a hypothetical, BTW, this is unsettled legal territory that's being explored right now, where the church of scientology is relying on the exact same arguments that libertarians like to use.
&gt; We need a state so the state doesn't kill us! "The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun, but somehow I believe that I can stop invading armies with just my faith in the market and nothing else."
&gt; Even if i dont agree, i have to pay them. Tell me how i can opt out of them. The same way you opt out of paying rent: By walking away from the transaction entirely. This has already been explained to you on numerous occasions, and you keep refusing to acknowledge the simple solution. &gt; And don't tell me dont buy from others. That's like asking, "How can I avoid paying rent, and don't tell me that I need to move out." &gt; They charge you taxes cause they themselves have to pay them. "The only reason I pay the Uber Eats delivery fee is because Uber is legally obligated to pay their drivers. Therefore, the Uber Eats delivery fee is theft." "The only reason I pay the Uber Eats food fee is because Uber is legally obligated to pay the restaurant. Therefore, the Uber Eats food fee is theft."
&gt; Now a question you may ask is " arent i giving the ~~mafia boss~~ **landlord** implied consent by staying there" not at all.
You are literally just copying and pasting debunked arguments with no idea how to defend them from actual criticism. It's like listening to a creationist quote the bible over and over again and ignoring anyone who tries to explain that the bible doesn't line up with reality. &gt; Taxation is not theft, because citizens have agreed to pay taxes. This is part of the “social contract,” You have it entirely backwards. Once again: You're back to arguing that property contracts are **binding for squatters who never signed them** even if they never agreed to pay rent or leave, but **not binding for the landlord who did sign them** and agreed to assume all tax obligations on the property. &gt; There simply isn’t any such contract Yeah, there is. In literally every example of a tax you pay, there is a contract behind it. Refusing to pay taxes on it's own isn't a crime. It's only a crime when combined with fraud. Tax evaders are presumed innocent until proven guilty. And the only way to prove they committed fraud is by showing where they lied on a form, i.e., by signing a contract. I dare you to point to a single tax evasion conviction that didn't involve some type of contract. You won't find one. If you want an example of a situation where there isn't any contract, then you should look at squatters, who never signed a contract agreeing to pay rent or agreeing to leave. &gt; Reply to Second Argument This entire argument also applies to landlords. Once again: Squatters on private property who never consented to paying rent or leaving. &gt; Reply to Third Argument False analogy. You can refuse to pay taxes without being punished for it. Homeless people do it all the time. You're complaining because you want the benefits of paying taxes without actually having to pay them. By all means, please list a single example of a tax that a homeless person wouldn't be able to avoid without being threatened with violence.
&gt; Im gonna explain my position in a single post. I'm sure your single post will either be another copy/paste with debunked arguments that don't address any of the arguments I made, or simply another round of circular reasoning of "Government is bad because government is bad."
&gt; No. Why? Well, because ~~govt~~ **landlord** is putting a gun to your head. You have to agree to it. If you make money, you have to give some of it. If you ~~have~~ **rent** a house, you have to pay ~~property tax~~ **rent**. In short, at gunpoint you have to give up something. Now, say you move. Isnt forcing me to move away an act of coercion in itself. Basically they are saying that they'll ~~exile~~ **evict** me if i don't play by their rules. You keep using the same circular reasoning as always: "X is only bad when government does it because government is bad, and government is bad because of X." &gt; Now you can say that well landlord can exile me too. He can exile you only after you have agreed to his contract. Let's say you have two homeless people. Homeless person A never signed a contract agreeing to pay taxes, and decides to sleep in a public park. Homeless person B never signed a contract agreeing to pay rent, and decides to sleep in a private apartment building. Which scenario is more likely to result in violence or exile? &gt; Thats why rent is a valid contract and tax is a voidable contract. No circular reasoning here. You can verify it. By all means, please verify. Try staying at a privately owned mansion where you never agreed to pay rent, and let me know how that works out for you.
&gt;Okay so the thing you are mixed up in is initiation of right infringement. Govt initiated force to make you pay taxes. Landlord didn't. Again, you're not actually explaining why these statements are true, you're simply stating they are as a starting point. Which is circular reasoning. "Lincoln initiated force because he had no right to deny slave owners of their property. Slave owners didn't initiate force, because they had a right to own those slaves." Simply making a statement that one group initiates force and the other didn't doesn't magically make it true. &gt;The reason why in a rights respecting society you shouldn't be told to get taxed or move away is cause that society doesnt own your property. You own it. "The reason it's not okay for Lincoln to emancipate the slaves from the slave owner is because the slave doesn't own his freedom. The slave owner does." **And you still haven't provided a single example where someone was convicted of tax evasion that didn't involve contractual fraud, nor have you provided any sort of explanation for why contractual fraud should be legal. You claim I'm the one who doesn't know anything about the law, so by all means, show me where the law says that fraud is legitimate.**
&gt; Okay i told you **why** exactly govt can initiate force, **why** tax is a voidable contract Liar. You simply said these statements were true. You have never explained **why** these things were true. Every single argument you've made against taxes also applies to landlords, and every argument you've made to defend landlord also applies to government. I demonstrated this with simple word replacement. You have never explained why said word replacement was wrong, other than the circular reasoning of "any argument that contradicts my conclusions is wrong because it contradicts my conclusion." Moreover, you haven't answered any of my questions, such as which homeless person is more likely to face violence/exile, and any examples of people being convicted of tax evasion that did not involve contractual fraud. &gt; i have provided you with a sound logical basis for everything. Nope. Your only argument boils down to "it's true because I said so." In fact, you're doing this right now! When I claim I provided something, I will tell you what that evidence was (i.e., the example involving homeless people, the use of word replacement, the question regarding fraud). Where as you will simply claim "I provided things showing that I'm right" without actually showing what any of those things actually were. &gt; unless you bring up a point i have not addressed 1. I asked you for examples of tax evasion convictions that do not involve fraud. You have no answer. 2. I asked you to explain why tax evasion involving fraud should be legal. You have not answered. 3. I pointed out that landlords are guilty of all the same things that you claim government is guilty of. You haven't refuted a single example of this with anything more substantial "it doesn't count because I said it doesn't." Instead, you attempt to change the subject and deflect. 4. I pointed out how every one of your deflections and excuses could also be used to defend taxes. You have not addressed a single example with anything more substantial than "it doesn't count because I said it doesn't." 5. I presented you a scenario with two homeless people, and asked you which one was more likely to face violence/exile. You refuse to answer. 6. You said that contracts weren't bounding for people who never signed them. Then you ran away when I asked you about people who never signed a contract agreeing to pay rent. 7. You claimed that taxes aren't consensual because the police might be called if you don't pay taxes (Note: This is only true if you commit fraud). Then ran away when I pointed out that the police might be called if you don't pay rent, no fraud required. 8. You still haven't addressed the fact that all taxable transactions can be refused without punishment, that tax avoidance is 100% legal (You can ask the IRS directly), and people find legal ways to avoid paying taxes all the fucking time. 9. You want the benefits of ownership without paying the cost of ownership. You have yet to explain how this doesn't make you the real thief. 10. You haven't addressed what happens if bandits with more firepower than you decide to take over your house. Do you call the police? If so, why do you expect the police to work for free?
Why? Your claim is that a person initiated force by trespassing on the property of others, and that the land owner is simply acting in self defense. So why is trespassing suddenly okay?
&gt; So, if you wanted to say your argument for government intervention in that case is to prevent child exploitation, what is your argument against a gold contract? Because gold clauses encourage hoarding by creating a self-fulfilling prophecy known as a deflationary spiral, where money gets scarcer over time as people anticipate the value will increase, and the value continues to increase as it gets scarcer over time. By the time the gold clauses were removed, this trend already had us trapped in a great depression with no way out. This also greatly increases the size of the debt, to the point where it's impossible for the debtor to pay it off no matter how hard he works. Which is basically a form of exploitation.
It was acquired while the person in the 10x10 square was sleeping using free market voodoo that doesn't involve any type of social contact. Now, personally, I don't believe in voodoo, so I can't tell you how that happens without a social contact. But if you're a voodoo practitioner who rejects the social contact, then assume these fence builders took all the necessary voodoo steps for acquiring property.
&gt; &gt; "People do not create land from their own labor. The land existed for billions of years before you came along. " &gt; &gt; However all of our economic models are based on a scarcity model. Deflection. You based your theory of land ownership on a basic falsehood (the idea that people own land because they created it themselves), and now you're trying to change the subject to something entirely unrelated. &gt; So yep, land can be owned and transferred. Sure you can, but not in the absence of a social contract. In the state of nature, everyone has the right to travel wherever they want, so long as they don't inflict bodily harm. Land ownership requires that the general population forfeits that basic right, in order to give specific individuals exclusive access to certain portions of land. In return, those specific individuals are willing to pay taxes to benefit the general population. If the general population doesn't think the individual is contributing enough, they can raise taxes. If the specific individuals think that taxes are too high, they can sell the property to someone else, and the new owner will assume those taxes on their behalf. This arrangement is completely voluntary for the specific individuals who purchase land and pay taxes on it, because they sign an explicit contract to enter those terms. This arrangement is not voluntary for members of the general population, who have their freedom of travel taken away even if they never consented to those terms. **Land ownership requires the ability to deny people of their natural born right to travel freely, under the threat of violence, even if they never consent to those terms. Libertarianism has no explanation for how this can occur via markets without violating the NAP. Instead, this ability is gained via the social contract and majority rule. The people being asked to stay away are being coerced with violence to obey terms that they never agreed to, where as the land owner entered this arrangement voluntarily.** Which brings me back to my earlier point: Libertarianism is basically trying to argue that property contracts are binding for the general population even if they never agreed to stay away and never pay rent, but the same contracts are not binding for land owners who explicitly agreed to pay taxes. &gt; Okay, think of a rectangle area ABCD. Say X owns it. If Y is sleeping within ABCD then it is trespass. If he is sleeping outside ABCD then X obviously has no claim on that land. What happens if no one owns ABCD, Y is sleeping inside of ABCD, and X claims the land immediately outside of it? In this case, Y isn't trespassing at the moment. But he would be trespassing if he tries to leave, or if he tries to have resources delivered to him.
&gt; &gt; &gt; Wrong. People who do not file with the IRS and continue to work without filing are thrown into jail. No fraud is required. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; [Citation needed] &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; By all means, **present a case where this happened.** What are the names of these martyrs who supposedly exist for reals? &gt; &gt; Wrong. The IRS presumes guilt and the taxpayer must prove innocence. Liar. What part of **"present a case where this happened"** do you not understand? But you aren't capable of doing that, because it doesn't happen. &gt; Banks and employers are required by law to report to them Oh, so they get caught by committing **bank fraud,** and by lying to their banks when they voluntarily created a bank account knowing the terms and conditions in advance. That's the complete opposite of what you claimed earlier. &gt; Those who don't inevitably have some form of a paper trail which they use to document tax evasion. Paper trail = proof of fraud. Again, this is the opposite of what you claimed earlier.
&gt; Somalia is yet another failed marxist socialist state "I have a solution for curing cancer, but it only works on people who didn't have cancer to begin with. The reason my cancer cure doesn't work on cancer patients is because those patients have cancer, and not because my cancer cure doesn't cure cancer."
&gt;I don't need a solution to point out that the government action taken wasn't a solution either We moved fiat to escape the deflationary spiral and 25% unemployment. Are we in a deflationary spiral? Do we have 25% unemployment? Because it looks like the solution worked. &gt;and made things worse. Wow, so the economy today is worse than it was during the great depression? If you think that the great depression is an improvement over what we have now, then I don't know what to tell you. &gt;So, what does the interest rate need to be when the government steals 45% of your purchasing power arbitrarily? "My iPhone lost 45% of it's resale value in the past two years, therefore, Apple is stealing from me arbitrarily." Expecting anything to hold onto value forever is dumb. That's not how the real world works. &gt;Move to another sector of the economy. Agriculture didn't need the labor anymore. Literally any other industry. Thanks. "People can cure their cancer by moving to industries where cancer has been cured. Literally any other industry." &gt;The gold standard was abandoned after we realized we already fucked it up with credit growth. Circular reasoning. "The only reason my ideas were abandoned is because we fucked it up by abandoning them." This is like listening to someone insist that Lysol -- which was the leading form of birth control during the gold standard -- is far superior to modern birth control and the only reason Lysol has been abandoned by women is because we fucked it up with hormonal treatments. Or listening to Cliven Bundy insist that black people were all better off under slavery and the only reason black people don't want to return to slavery is because we fucked things up by emancipating them. The gold standard has been a universal failure in every nation throughout the entire world. No country on Earth has found a way to make it work in a modern economy, because it's an inherently broken system. The gold standard completely fails even on paper, and performs even worse in practice. &gt;We didn't really lose the gold standard internationally until Nixon. The gold standard is an empty promise that only works if no one tries to collect on it, the equivalent of trying to deter criminals with an unloaded gun. Works fine -- up until the point that you actually need to shoot it. It was abandoned in the 1930s when civilians tried to collect. Then it was abandoned in the 1970s when the foreign nations tried to collect. The gold standard has always been based on a lie, and that's what fiat is moving us away from. &gt;Sure, provide material goods and services for them. You can do that at literally any bank by trading your dollars for metal coins and hoping that the metal retains it's melt value.
&gt; Arbitrary demand caused by war "Government spending didn't solve the great depression, it was actually solve by government spending!" &gt; combined with drastic austerity during ww2 [LOL, wut?](https://images.theweek.com/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/federal-deficit-1929-2015.jpg?itok=EDo4LZ4R) &gt; if you decide mass murder is a good way to solve economic problems Right. Because no one ever died prior to fiat currency. &gt; Do you really think we have 3.5% unemployment? Do you really think that 25% of Americans drive for Uber once a month with no other income? &gt; Steve Jobs didn't rise from the grave and arbitrarily devalue the Iphones at gunpoint either. No, that happened due to basic supply/demand, just like with US dollars. &gt; Oh, savings is dumb. No, expecting to hold onto value forever is dumb. Because that's not how reality works. Is it dumb to want my iPhone to hold onto it's resale value forever? Nope. Is it dumb to expect that it actually will? Absolutely. &gt; It's just a point of historical note. Were there more dollars in existence in 1914 or 1929? There were more people and more economic activity, so no shit, there's also going to be more dollars. We also have more roads, more communication lines, more food production, more utilities, etc. &gt; The damage was already done by the time the government declared the revaluation of gold. So things got worse when the government tried to salvage the gold standard, and then got better when they decided to abandon the gold standard completely. The gold standard has always been built on a lie. It was an empty promise that was abandoned whenever people tried to collect. There's no going back to it because it was never real in the first place. &gt; So, gold still has value 5000 or 10000 years And...? Dinosaur bones have held value for hundreds of millions of years, but that doesn't mean that dinosaur bones are are a workable currency. Currency is simply the tool we use to make exchanges, it does not need to be valuable in itself. You want to go back to gold because it encourages people to hoard and save, but a currency that is being hoarded is not being exchanged, and thus violates the entire basis for why money exists in the first place. Most people today prefer transactions that are completely digital, because digital exchanges are easier than non-digital ones. And the convenience of making an exchange is a lot more important than whether or not the individual electrons being sent carry proportional value. &gt; but every fiat currency is dead or takes a major haircut on average every 45 years. Where as the gold standard has been completely dead for nearly a half a century with no signs of coming back. Along with being pretty much a total lie in the years leading up to it. Not sure how that's an improvement. "My smart phone needs to be replaced every few years, so that's why we should all return to communication by telegraph." &gt; Do you even know any history? Says the dude who claims that we were all better off during the great depression and that 25% of Americans today drive for Uber, or who wants to pretend that war never happened under the gold standard. Can you please cite a historical claim that is a) actually true, and b) directly relevant to the conclusion you're trying to reach?
&gt; Basically for a valid contract ALL things need to be satisfied. Which makes homesteading invalid because it violates the concept of consideration, mutuality of obligation, and acceptance. Bob is forcing Ann into sex slavery via homesteading even though she never agreed to those terms. &gt; Even then I told you why it won't count as total acceptance cause of coercion And I told you why taxes don't qualify as coercion under the law. Ask any lawyer or judge, and they will tell you the same. **Your entire argument is based on the idea that Bob's property contract is binding for Ann even though Ann never signed it, but the same contract isn't binding for Bob even though he did.** 1. I demonstrated how all the arguments used to claim taxes are coercion apply even more so to rent, using simple word replace. 2. You have not demonstrated even one single case where the type of coercion you description (people going to jail for failing to pay taxes, and for no other crime) has ever actually occurred. In short, your entire argument is built on a blatant falsehood. 3. I also already explained why your mafia comparison is bad in my previous post, which you ignored. It's invalid because the mafia is only offering something that they are already legally required to do (The promise not to kill you). Where as government is offering to provide something that they are not already legally required to do (recognizing Bob as the official registered owner, and taking Bob's word over the words of other people in the event of a a dispute). Finally, I explained why homesteading fails for the same reason that the mafia does, because Bob is demanding obligations from Ann without offering obligations of his own. Your argument boils down to, "The Mafia is bad, so if you assume that government works like the mafia, then the government is bad as well." Which is simply a long way of saying, "Government is bad f you start from the assumption that government is bad." Circular reasoning. You haven't actually explained *why* the government is more like the mafia than the landlord is, you're simply telling me that's it's true because you said so. &gt; Your argument fails on the fact that you hinge your argument on one scenario that taxes fund govt activities. But voluntary systems can pay them. Oh, so the argument that need to pay for the things they willingly bought falls apart if the seller can earn that money via voluntary donations. So by your logic, shoplifting is totes okay, because the shop owner has the option to support pay for those goods via panhandling. Got it.
&gt; You can absolutely go to jail for not filing and paying taxes **if you do that knowingly.** And if you never entered a deal agreeing to pay taxes, you can easily deny you did so **knowingly**, by claiming ignorance or forgetfulness. Proof of intent is one of the hardest things to prove in a court of law, which means that the IRS would need to provide hard evidence that you understood your responsibilities (i.e., signed forms where you agree to pay taxes), along with notices and reminders showing that you did not simply forget. Imagine if the law for DUI was changed from "Driving with 0.08 BAC" to "**Knowingly** driving with 0.08 BAC." The second one is far harder to prove, because the person could say, "I didn't realize I was that drunk." Realistically, the police would need documentation that the person took a BAC test before hand, which the person would have needed to enter into voluntarily. &gt; Say the mafia group A tells you pay up or we kill you. You kept bringing up the mafia extortion analogy, but that analogy fails based on mutuality of obligation. Paying someone obey the law is not enforceable, because they would still be required to obey the law even if you didn't pay them. OTOH, if the cashier tells you the total with sales tax on an item and you refuse the transaction, nothing bad will happen to you. &gt; what matters is that in both cases money was taken from you at gunpoint. So if I tell the cashier that I changed my mind and that I no longer wish to make a purchase, the government will point a gun at my head and murder me. You obviously have no idea how the real world actually works. **By all means, please find me a statistic of the number of Americans killed each year for failing to pay taxes. And then compare that to the number of Americans killed each year for failing to pay for things in the private market (i.e., stealing, trespassing, etc). Which number do you think will be higher?** &gt; That house you own doesn't belong to them Irrelevant. That's like saying a parking lot isn't allowed to charge you to park because they don't own your car. &gt; But in landlord's case, the house and weapons are his Once again: Libertarianism is basically trying to argue that property contracts are binding for the general population even if they never agreed to stay away and never pay rent, but the same contracts are not binding for land owners who explicitly agreed to pay taxes. The property is only "his" because he signed a contract agreeing to pay taxes on it. Once again, you want the benefits of the contract without paying the cost, which makes you the real thief.
&gt; &gt; So landlords aren't allowed to charge people? Interesting! You should stop paying rent starting tomorrow and tell me how that works out for you. &gt; &gt; Proportionality applies only for private defense. Do you believe that landlords allowed to charge people or not? Yes or no? You're avoiding a very simple question. Either Bob is allowed to charge Ann for access to delivery routes on his property, or he doesn't. &gt; I don't have proof of home steading principle. So your entire argument is based on nonsense. Got it. &gt; Even if I did, it wouldn't matter because all land on this Earth has been taken through conflict Which is precisely why the social contract was formed in the first place: In order to create a peaceful mechanism where those conflicts can be resolved. &gt; That has nothing to do with home steading principle. Homesteading allows Bob to claim ownership of the land surrounding Ann and designate her a trespasser and murder her if she tries to enter his land without his permission. If homesteading didn't exist, he wouldn't be allowed to do that, because Ann would be within her rights to tear down that fence without his permission. In a social contract system, the state has the power to limit the rights of land owners to stop this from happening. &gt; It is a principle which proposes that some unclaimed land will belong to someone who uses it's resources. Which is exactly what Bob did by using the unclaimed land surrounding Ann to build a prison. &gt; I don't have a better solution for this kind of scenario. You don't have a better solution than forced sex slavery? Jesus Christ. Keep in mind that there's no age minimum in this scenario. What happens if Ann is only 5 years old? You're telling me that you don't have a better solution than allowing the forced sex slavery of 5 year old children. &gt; But I say that parliament should not be allowed to pass laws infringing on rights. So you're okay with Bob force Ann into sex slavery, but you're not okay for parliament to pass a law saying that Bob isn't allowed to do that. &gt; That's a separate issue. No, it's the same issue. You keep insisting that the courts should be voluntary, rather than coercive. At which point, Bob voluntarily decides to not subject himself to any court likely to rule against him.
The purpose of the OP is to go from this: &gt;"**required by law** or a rule: obligatory" To this: &gt;"take (another person's property) **without** permission or **legal right** and without intending to return it." By all means, please explain **required by law -&gt; without legal right.** The OP isn't simply claiming that both things are true (Which would already be contradictory and nonsensical). He is literally claiming that the first statement implies the second.
&gt; Sorry but you really created a strawman here. You came to your own conclusion about their argument saying the law is illegal? Because quoting the meme verbatim is apparently a strawman. Here, I highlighted the relevant portions just to make it easier. https://i.redd.it/u1tvul3ae0c41.png &gt; You came to your own conclusion about their argument saying the law is illegal? No, I quoted the meme verbatim and showed how they got from "required by law" to "without legal right" and "crime." &gt; And now you're attempting to save the fallacious argument on your part by citing parts of the definitions the specifically didn't circle? LOL, dude. Because quoting sentences in full in order to show the context that the words were written in its apparently a strawman.
&gt; I directed you to sources a You directed me to sources that said the opposite of what you claimed, liar. &gt; it seems you are giving same old arguments which have nothing to do with what I said. The only thing you said throughout this entire conversation are variations of "I'm right because I said so." And you keep refusing answer basic questions that I keep repeating in bold because you're too scared to retire what I actually have to say, like **"are landlords allowed to charge people or not?"** and **"which homeless person is more likely to go to jail?"** The problem is that that you're trying to make a bunch of bogus legal arguments that would never hold up in court. 1. Can you point to where the law actually says what you did it does? Nope! The law requires a wilful failure to file taxes, which requires proof of acknowledgement, and therefore a prior existing arrangement. 2. If you polled any judge or lawyer at random, would any of them agree with the legal arguments you presented? Nope! All of them will tell you that taxes do not qualify as coercion under basic contract law. 3. Can you point to any real world cases where any of the things you claim happen actually happen? Of course not. You keep lying and claiming that people will have a gun pointed to their head of they refuse to sign, even though it doesn't. In short, you're making a legal argument that isn't backed by the law, isn't backed by lawyers, and which doesn't happen in the real world. There is absolutely no substance to anything you have to say.
Philando Castile is the one time libertarians don't that weed makes people dangerous. I wonder what's different about that case to make them think that...
In the end, you're trying to defend a meme that is literally trying to argue that anything **required by law is inherently illegal.** That something being a legal requirement makes it illegal by definition. https://i.redd.it/u1tvul3ae0c41.png "taxes" -&gt; "required by law" -&gt; "compulsory" -&gt; "coercive" -&gt; "force" -&gt; "stealing" -&gt; "theft" -&gt; "crime." Or, to shorten it, "taxes" -&gt; "required by law" -&gt; "crime." It's a stupid, stupid argument. You should feel stupid for defending it. In order to defend the idea that "legal" = "illegal," you need to rely on incredibly contradictory and nonsensical arguments. Which of course is all you've had to offer. But by all means, since you claim to know so much about the law, please cite all the lawyers and judges who will back your claim that "required by law" -&gt; "crime."
Literate people.
In the 1980s, Ron Paul was part of the Paleolibertarian movement along with Murray Rothbard and Lew Rockwell, which saw the rise of David Duke as a model for how the libertarian party could gain footing in America. When he retired for office, he decided to publish a racist newsletter from his former campaign office for side cash: $50 a year for 8-pages of content, every other month. The newsletter was run by Ron Paul's closest friends and family, and there were videos on CSPAN where he would boast about it. The newsletters were also written in first person, with anecdotes specific to Ron Paul (i.e., complaining about things he read in OB-GYN publications, talking about his prior votes against MLK Day, etc.). Then in 1996, Ron Paul decides to run for office again. His democratic opponents, Lefty Morris, learns about the newsletter and discovers that they're really fucking racist. For instance, Paul suggests cities with prominent black communities to "Rapetown" and "Lazyopolis." Morris thinks that he can use this to his advantage, only to discover that Texas is really fucking racist. He calls in a focus group, and when he asks them how they feel about Ron Paul praising the Klan, most of the people in the group complain that the Klan gets a bad rap. Ron Paul defends the contents of the newsletters, and claims that he was simply quoted out of context. Morris promptly loses the election. Skip to 2008, and Ron Paul decides to run for President. He wins over the neckbeard vote by appealing to their sense of narcism, who then proceed to spam and harass the entire internet at every opportunity. A reporter named James Kirchick decides to investigate the newsletters and publishes lots of the original content for everyone to see. Ron Paul goes on TV and basically insists that it's impossible to have written the newsletter because he's a libertarian and libertarians don't make generalizations. Yes, read that last sentence again. His neckbeard fan base, completely immune to irony, insist that this is a completely rock solid argument to this very day. As a result, the fan base consider the newsletters to be "debunked", even though they can't answer basic questions like: 1. If Ron Paul didn't write the newsletter, then who did? 2. How did racist content get published under Ron Paul's name for so many years without Ron Paul knowing? Why was Ron Paul's friends and family okay with the contents? And why is Ron Paul okay with the fact that they let this happen? 3. Why did Ron Paul admit to writing the newsletter in 1996 if he actually didn't? Basically, we're supposed to believe that everyone on Ron Paul's staff simply published racists newsletter writing for years and years without knowing they came from, and without bothering to read them. Because that apparently makes a lot more sense than the idea that Ron Paul published a racist newsletter because Ron Paul is racist.
The government only collects when you voluntarily in exchange for benefits. If you don't think the benefits aren't worth the cost, then you don't have to sign, and you won't face any punishment other than the lack of benefits. There isn't a single tax in America that can't be avoided legally. The only time you would ever be jailed is if you engage in fraud to reap the benefits without paying the cost. This requires wilful fraud. For instance, know that the only way to earn extra money is by convincing your employer that you will fill out a 1099, so that he can write off your payments as a business expense. If you don't want to sign the 1099, you can be upfront and say so, and he will hire someone else. The problem is you want the job without having to fulfill your end of the agreement, and so you misrepresent yourself via fraud. Suppose you use a bogus check to pay for jewelry, and then pawn that jewelry at a profit. And then when the police catch up with you, they offer to let you go if you pay for the jewelry. You then whine that the police are trying to coerce you into paying for jewelry that you didn't want to buy and accuse them off being thieves- - and ignoring the party where you went out of your way to acquire the jewelry through fraudulent means. Or in other words, "these auto loan payments are theft because the only reason I agreed to pay them is because of be locked in jail for car jacking if I didn't." You're ignoring the third possibility : you could try living without that car.
&gt; I'm going to need a source on the idea that you can avoid taxes by simply not using services. "I'm going to need a source that that you can get out of paying for a car by not buying or renting one." Not paying is the default. Children aren't born into this world already owing taxes. Homeless people don't get arrested for not paying income or peppery taxes. The only time you owe taxes is when you voluntarily enter an arrangement, and the arrangement you enter into is the service you pay for. For instance, your boss wants to write your salary off as a business expense, so he tells you to file tax forms proving you for paid to the IRS as a condition of getting the job. If you don't want to do that, then you can turn him down. By accepting his terms, you are agreeing to give up a portion of your wages for the benefit of being considered for the job. Likewise, the boss himself has his own reasons for paying taxes in the first place. For instance, he decided to open a business in an area with lots of infrastructure, in order to improve his earnings. That costs money. If he didn't think the infrastructure was worth the cost, then he could have gone somewhere else.
Except Ron Paul is both those things. As soon as he started running on for president and needed national support, he started claiming that he and MLK were passed in a pod, running fine raisers in MLK's name and puckering the cash, while his supporters insisted that MLK would likely vote for Paul if he were still alive today.
&gt; because everyone pays taxes Nope. Lots of people don't pay taxes. Mitt Romney famously complained that 47% of the population don't pay taxes when he ran for president. &gt; The majority of people don’t have student loans and will not benefit by paying off the loans of others. Libertarians have no problem with the fact that young people are going to have to pay for the tax cuts that Trump have to millionaires and billionaires, despite seeing no benefit. But all those millionaires and billionaires to actually chip in for the education of those young people so those young people can pay off that debt, and suddenly they cry foul.
You're free to move to tax free Somalia and voluntarily fund your own defense and infrastructure at any time.
&gt; If you buy things you pay taxes. That depends on what you're buying and what city you're in. Plenty of cities and entire states have no sales tax. Also, Elizabeth Warren's plan isn't going to be paid for by local sales tax. Local services are. &gt; If you make money you pay taxes. 47% of income earners do not pay a federal income tax, so you're wrong. &gt; I’m seeing the benefits of Trumps tax cuts. Your tax cuts come at the expense of young people who will have to end up paying from them. This is basically "got mine, fuck you." You want other people to pay so you can get ahead, but not vice versa.
&gt; Forcing me to pay more for something I don’t want is wrong. If you don't want to pay taxes, then quit your job and then you won't have to. "Why should I pay for a fire department if my house isn't currently on fire?"
&gt; No. The libertarian solution is for government to preserve the liberty of the individual and to ensure one individual does not encroach upon the liberty of another. So you want the police to protect your liberty, but you don't want to pay for them, and you don't want to have to hire your own private security force to do the job. You want a public police force that protects your liberty for free. Because slavery is freedom, I guess.
&gt; I’m as eligible as my neighbor is for fire services. Try telling the fire department that your house is on fire even though it isn't and let me know if they're cool with that. &gt; Someone who’s paid off their loans or are already in a career without loans won’t be eligible. "Someone who's house isn't currently on fire isn't eligible for help from the fire department." &gt; Trade school debts are not talked about under Bernie’s college forgiveness program 1. Warren isn't Bernie. 2. Bernie's stance on trade schools : "In a highly competitive global economy, when we need the best educated workforce in the world, this proposal will make it possible for every person in America to get all of the education they need regardless of their financial status. This means not only a college education **but the right to enter a trade school or apprenticeship program to acquire the skills needed** to become a carpenter, plumber, sheet metal worker or many of the other important jobs that keep our society going." &gt; Overpaying for a degree that won’t earn back what it costs to get is fucking up. Warren's debt forgiveness plan only covers the first $50,000 -- which will more than pay for itself simply by teaching students the necessary research and writing skills that you would need regardless of the specific degree. &gt; I’m saying we shouldnt reward fucking up Warren's plan would be covered by teaching family's worth over $50 million, which contrary to what you said earlier, does not include the vast majority of Americans. Your position is basically, "I don't believe that the wealthy elite should reward the people who the wealthy elite aren't currently rewarding." Which is circular reasoning. It's like saying "we shouldn't cut taxes for people who can't figure out how to cut taxes on their own."
&gt; A person who’s paid their loans or didn’t take any out does not have access to college loan forgiveness. "A person who's already put out his fire on his own does not have access to the fire department." &gt; You’re quote did not talk about loan forgiveness for trade schools. His plan is to cancel all student debt. Can you show me where trade school students do not fall under the definition of" all"? &gt; A nice sentiment, but last time the government paid for schooling it caused the student debt crisis... The student debt crisis was caused by an increased of cost to pay for tax cuts to the wealthy elite combined with the wealthy elite not wanting to pay educated employees a fair wage. The middle class have gotten a lot more educated and a lot more productive, but their wages have not caught up accordingly compared to the wages for the ceo class. &gt; It’d be great to argue with a Bernie bro without them talking for me. I'm not a Bernie bro. He's not even my top pick.
&gt; Even the most staunch anti-federalists admitted that government is necessary. Sure, but most of them also insist that taxes that pay for those necessary attics are theft and should be abolished.
&gt;This is the guy that libertarians have championed for a few years. It's worse than that. They championed him as an uber intellectual, and the insisted that the only reason he couldn't win votes is because he didn't know how to "dumb down" his nuanced and complex positions for the plebs. Then you'd ask them what these nuanced and complex positions were, and it was usually a form of "the free market will fix everything if you simply let it."
She sounds like anyone who's ever shilled for an MLM, insisting that the vast wealth of the CEO is proof that the pyramid is legit and all the haters are just trying to crush your dreams to keep you poor.
Libertarians are to capitalism as DoTerra reps are to essential oils.
&gt; He never quite lived up to his father His father was just as overrated. The only difference is that his father never had enough influence for anyone to notice. &gt; His defense of Trump His father is also a hard defender of Trump, or at least he is whenever it's in the interests of Vladimir Putin. Which is most of the time. The same guy who voted to impeach Bill Clinton over a blowjob seems to think that Trump did absolutely nothing wrong in regards to Ukraine and the cover-up associated with it.
&gt; There is a natural balance of people dont work for stuff that doesnt pay enough to feed them. And then companies found a way around this by forcing their employees into a life of indentured servitude, since indentured servitude was still considered better than dying from starvation. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRh0QiXyZSk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRh0QiXyZSk)
Reading this article is like listening to someone who thinks that the car designs from "The Flintstones" represent actual history and who insists that the world would be better off if we went back to using those original designs. And ignoring the fact that a) your historical accounts are completely wrong, and b) those designs are completely unworkable.
&gt; so bushes tax cuts caused the loan crisis? Do you think that Bush invented the concept of tax cuts and austerity? &gt; Is that what you’re implying? Please back that up, it should make for some interesting mental gymnastics. ["Today, tuition accounts for about half of college revenue, while state and local governments provide the other half. But roughly three decades ago, the split was much different, with tuition providing just about a quarter of revenue and state and local governments picking up the rest."](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/10/24/why-college-tuition-keeps-rising.html) &gt; People don’t get credit cards if they have poor credit, you get a fasfa loan simply by getting into a college [Student Credit Cards with No Credit: WalletHub makes it easy to find the best student credit card with no credit.](https://wallethub.com/credit-cards/no-credit-student/) &gt; it’s a case of industry manipulating government for its own benefit. And your alternative is...? &gt; For profit universities base their fees off of market overages which continue to rise as everyone is taking advantage of fasfa money. So basically your entire argument is that competition never has any reason to bring prices down even if they can easily afford to do so -- which is the total opposite of what libertarians will argue in any other instance. &gt; You don’t tell 18 year olds they need to take out a 6 figure loan to get Cheerios in order to be successful. Of course not, because if a box of cheerios sold for $10,000, a competitor would recognize that as overprices and offer a similar product for a much lower price in order to make a profit from the increased market share. If you think that colleges can be cheaper without government subsidies, then what's stopping you from starting your own cheaper college and making a crap ton of money by siphoning their market share?
&gt; Private universities aren’t the cause of the debt crisis. Average student debt by school type: Public colleges and universities → $26,900 Private nonprofit schools → $32,600 Private for-profit schools → $39,900 ["Over half (52%) of borrowers who attended a for-profit college in 2003 defaulted on their student loans after 12 years, compared with 26% of borrowers at two-year community colleges, according to a new Brookings Institution report published Thursday. Yet the discrepancy is actually even worse than that number suggests, finds Judith Scott-Clayton, the report’s author. That’s because for-profit colleges are more expensive than community colleges, and students at for-profit schools borrow at a much higher rate. So when looking at a broader group of students—those who borrowed and those who didn’t—Scott-Clayton finds that for-profit college students default at a rate that’s four times that of students at community colleges, using the same 12-year time frame."](http://money.com/for-profit-college-student-loan-default/) The for-profit schools offer the worst possible service at the highest possible cost. &gt; “Graduate students can borrow up to $20,500 annually and $138,500 total.” That's still far short of what you might pay for a degree at a private or for-profit university. And infinitely short of your claim of literally no limitations whatsoever. &gt; So a student can go into $196,000 into debt for a masters The total limit says **"$138,500, including undergraduate loans"**. &gt; Schools push student into masters programs saying it increases their job opportunities. So basically these schools are engaging in fraud. You're not not really making a good case for why debts to these schools shouldn't be forgiven.
&gt; Both private and public universities are increasing tuition due to the influx of fasfa money. That's an unsupported hypothesis. You've made zero attempt to actually test and verify that your assumptions are accurate, nor do you want to because testing and verifying wouldn't go the way you would want it to. 1. Your claim is that people have access to limitless credit. This is factually untrue. The *maximum* amount offered by the Federal government for student loans still falls far short of the **average** tuition charged by private university. 2. The idea that private universities are simply taking advantage of available credit completely falls apart when you observe that the amount they charge is many times greater than the amount of credit being offered. 3. You're entire argument is basically a causal fallacy. It's like trying to argue that there's a correlation between people with appendicitis and people who visit the doctor because visiting your doctor causes your appendix to explode. 4. We can test the causal relationship by observing whether or not the availability of credit cards results in highly inflated goods. Oh look, it doesn't. 5. You also ignored the fact that universities have seen a massive cut in public funding, forcing them to look for other sources of revenue (i.e., increasing tuition). You don't want to acknowledge that these cuts happened, because it's much easier for you to blame a debunked correlation argument. &gt; The loans are given to these kids without any consideration over the value of the degrees they get or of their ability to pay it back. Again, you can make the same argument regarding the credit card industry. Their entire business model relies on giving credit to people who aren't expected to pay off their debts in a timely matter (because if they did, they wouldn't be able to profit from the interest).
&gt; Again,you ignore the fact in contention By all means, please post the actual law that supports what you are claiming. Oh wait, you can't, because it doesn't. &gt; You see, in law, there is something called a "disputed fact". There are people who file lawsuits disputing the theory of evolution. That doesn't mean evolution is a hoax just because someone filed a lawsuit. Once again, if you want to argue that a company violates the legal definition of a platform, then point to the actual definition they are violating.
&gt; That's under the assumption that youtube is a platform and not a publisher when they **clearly violate the definition of a platform** \- hence the lawsuit You claim that youtube is violating the definition but refuse to cite the definition you are referring to. &gt; This isn't a matter of law; it's a matter of fact. You are treating it like a matter of law. "How dare you treat a lawsuit like it's a matter of law!" LOL. As for your so-called "facts," I asked you on numerous occasions to explain where your factual definition is supposedly coming from. You keep evading. Because your "facts" are actually bullshit.
A lot of incel libertarians will actually argue that rape victims have it better because at least they know how it feels to be desired. Not making this up.
That's a terrible example. It's an empty talking point that you're not supposed to think about. 1. The cost of lasik has gone down throughout the planet, including countries with socialized medicine, so claiming it went down because of free markets is dumb. 2. Lasik is very highly regulated, so the idea that it's cheaper because of deregulation is dumb. 3. Lasik is a relatively new procedure that was initially expensive because it required brand new training and equipment, and then the cost went down as those things became more common. Libertarians chose to ignore this. 4. Lasik is a non emergency treatment with very low risk (because the high risk patients are simply denied service), which means that doctors can schedule at their own convenience and greatly reduce costs.
There are companies that abuse laws against credit card fraud by making false accusations against people who haven't committed credit card fraud, therefore, laws against credit card fraud should be repealed.
&gt;I mean the fed transfers debt from Wall Street onto the taxpayer at a level of $85 billion a month with their policy of QE This talking point is based on the idiotic idea that individual dollar bills have expiration dates, where freshly printed dollars have more value than dollars printed 20 years ago. And whenever you deposit dollars into the bank, the bank tracks when those dollars were printed and gives you a bonus if those dollars were printed recently. &gt; I would think that Bernie would understand this There's nothing to understand. You're basing your criticism on nonsensical assumptions. It's like complaining, "I would think that Bernie would understand that vaccines cause autism." No, they really don't. &gt; Bottom line is, our markets are already incredibly fragile By all means, show us the stable economies that don't rely on some form of central banking.
&gt;While taxes are taking your money for simply existing Really? So children are charged taxes simply for existing? Unemployed hobos are charged taxes simply for existing? By all means, show me the law describing this "existence tax" that you refer to.
&gt;Extremely selective? Are you kidding me? You don't think that there might be a significant difference in "war" and "endless war" in the context of how it's funded? Holy wars started while the gold standard was still around and have been raging for thousands of years. Please let me know when the conflict between different religions officially comes to an end. Also, how exactly are you determining that a war is endless? Do you have a crystal ball that allows you to see an infinite number of years into the future?
I asked you to specifically state the amount of evidence that you think should be required to result in conviction. You then responded with scenarios you believe should result in an acquittal. Which is basically *all of them.* That's the complete opposite of what I asked for. &gt;Its nothing more than Slander until its proven in a court of law in my opinion and should be treated as such. "I'm going to assume that all rape victims are liars until they provide sufficient evidence, but I refuse to say what sufficient evidence would actually entail." Which is a fancy way of saying that nothing will ever change your belief that all rape victims are actually liars. You can't list a realistic scenario where a rapist with an IQ of over 100 would ever have to face a conviction if they simply choose not to. &gt;That may sound like it sucks to you but it is what it is. "Hey man, you might not like the fact that people should be allowed to get away with rape as long as they don't openly confess to it, but that's just how it is. The alternative would be a system where they might not get away with rape, which no libertarian would ever support."
&gt;What a fucking disingenuous argument. Do you believe that there are situations where we should outlaw voluntary contracts or not?
&gt; I know you love to fuck kids, believe me I can see your other posts I'm not the one advocating that children can enter sex contracts, you are. &gt; &gt; Do you believe that there are situations where we should outlaw voluntary contracts or not? &gt; &gt; The answer to your question is no. Prove you're a pedophile by failing to understand why. Wait... so you don't believe that the government should be allowed to outlaw contracts regarding child prostitution, and somehow that makes *me* the pedophile and not you?
&gt;Someone seen the rape take place and could attest to the fact that the person being raped repeatedly asked the alleged rapists to stop. 1. The entire argument is that testimony doesn't count as actual evidence, which means that witnesses wouldn't count either. 2. Your argument assumes that the rape is taking place in public in front of witnesses, which is just dumb. &gt;Immediately reporting it to the authorities and allowing an examination to be done showing forceful penetration You already rejected this evidence as long as the rapist claims it was consensual rough sex. &gt;Proof that the rapist was actually at the same location as you were would be another form of corroborating evidence. See above. &gt;No juror with any common sense or decency would come back with a guilty verdict without something other than a claim. So I claim you consented to letting me drive your car into a brick wall. You can claim that I'm lying and that I actually stole it, but how do you prove it? Or should I simply be allowed to steal your car and crash it into walls without punishment? Moreover, accusing someone of perjuring themselves is also an accusation of a crime. So why is it okay to presume that rape victims are guilty of major crimes without any evidence?
&gt;Did you fail to read the term "voluntary," the term "consent," the term "coersion," [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivocation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivocation) "Voluntary" in the American legal system is different from "voluntary" as defined by libertarians. You're saying that minimum wage laws are bad because it violates the libertarian concept of "voluntary." When I point out that child prostitution violates the libertarian definition of voluntary -- so maybe we shouldn't use the libertarian definition -- you immediately switch over to the American legal definition of "voluntary" and you hope that no one notices. Of course, under the American legal system, minimum wage violations wouldn't qualify as voluntary either. The American legal system says that children are not old enough to consent into labor contracts, hence the existence of child labor laws. Mainstream libertarians reject the existence of child labor laws, implying that children are old enough to consent. Child prostitution is simply a sub-type of child labor. The arguments for criminalizing child labor are extreme versions of the same arguments used to criminalize child labor in general. The idea that children have an absolute right to consent to labor contracts is pretty much a universal position among libertarians, written in the official libertarian platform and advocated by all their politicians and pundits, and found in the underlying philosophical materials. They frequently turn to the era of the founding fathers for inspiration, an era when child labor and child brides were common practice and fully consistent with the idea of "freedom." Many prominent libertarians will openly admit that their endorsement of child labor also applies to sex work. Arvin Vohra (Vice-Chairman of the party) and Mary Ruwart (Tied with Bob Barr for nominee in multiple rounds) are notable examples. They are not simply relegated to the fringe. The rest of the party will deny that the same logic applies, but are unable to explain why without contradicting the rest of their ideology. It's the same way that Christian fundamentalists will argue that it's okay for *them* to break the law under "religious freedoms," while denying that it's okay for other religious groups to do the same. They insist that it's completely different, but they're not able to articulate why. &gt;Are you not arguing that children can consent to sex? I'm arguing that the libertarian NAP is bad because it doesn't allow for the criminalization of child prostitution, which you are completely unable of refuting. Imagine if I said "Trump is bad because he's engaged in illegal bribes." And instead of demonstrating that he hasn't actually done that (which would be difficult, given the evidence against him), you rely on projection and ask, "So you're saying that illegal bribes are a good thing?" Absolutely not. That doesn't follow from anything I said. The problem is, you don't know how to explain why child prostitution would be criminal under the NAP, without undermining your entire ideological foundation. Hence, projection.
&gt; Stop asking me what other people believe I asked you what libertarians generally believe. Are you not a libertarian? If you want to remove the word "party" from my questions and make it a question about libertarians in general, so be it. Same questions still apply. You refuse to answer my questions because you know my accusations are 100% consistent with your ideology. So instead, you keep relying on the projection of "saying my ideology is consistent with X means that you're consistent with X as well."
&gt;if all contracts made by consent are legal? Which definition of consent are we using: Consent as defined by the libertarian ideology where children are considered capable of consenting to labor, or the American legal definition of consent where they aren't? The problem is that I try to answer was using one definition, even if I clarify the definition I was using in advance, you will immediately lie and claimed that my answer was using the other definition. Which is why I need you to clarify which definition you want me to use in advance.
&gt;Everyone can see you failing to answer in good faith. Everyone can see you're failing to ask in good faith, because you refuse to define your terms to your questions in advance and you refuse to let me define them. They can also see you refusing to answer my question on where the libertarian party stands on whether or not children can consent to labor. Because you know I'm right, and so do they. You also refuse to explain why my answers are insufficient, other than the fact that they don't give you as much room to lie. &gt;Using the definitions you believe to be true Under the definition that I believe, and the definition that the libertarian ideology rejects, the answer to your question is **"no."** That's the one word version. I believe one thing. The libertarian ideology believes another. Please explain why me pointing out that my beliefs are different from the beliefs of the libertarian ideology somehow amounts to bad faith. The problem is: 1. You can't actually explain how age of consent laws are consistent with libertarian ideology, because they aren't. 2. So instead try to shift the debate to what I believe, even though what I believe is different from the libertarian ideology. 3. You cry foul when I explain in advance that my beliefs are different from the libertarian ideology. Why? You already acknowledged that I'm not a libertarian. 4. The only reason for you to object is because you're asking your question in bad faith. Your intention isn't to find out what I believe, because I already answered that question. Your intention is to try to imply that if I believe something, then the libertarian party must obviously believe it as well. 5. The only way for you to claim that the libertarian ideology would criminalize child prostitution is by pretending their views on the matter are in line with the people who deeply oppose their views. But you refuse to answer questions about the libertarian ideology itself. **You can't say whether or not the ideology advocates the repeal of child labor laws, because you know it does, and that would undermine your claim that it doesn't.** &gt;If your argument has any marrit it should hold up, right? Not if you change the definitions and the meaning of my answer after the fact. Which is the only possible reason for you to complain about me clarifying the definition in advance. &gt; Go ahead. One word. What do you believe? Facts.
Please explain why offering additional clarification is bad faith. What exactly was missing in my response? You asked me what I believed in personally. I told you what I personally believed, **then clarified that what I believe is different from what libertarians believe.** Why does the bold portion make you upset? You already acknowledged that I'm a libertarian, so you shouldn't have any objection to the content. So what exactly are you objecting to?
&gt; According to the text of your question the answer "no" would mean the government can not outlaw the practice in question. And in that case, then question #5 would be entirely relevant. Because you're saying that government can't outlaw category X. Question 5 then asks you whether or not if a specific type of work would qualify under said category. 1. Do you believe that children can consent to being naked in the privacy of their own homes? 2. Do you believe that children can consent to being naked for money? Unlike you, I don't need to limit you to one word answers, as long as the "yes" or "no" is included somewhere.
&gt; "Hey, I have a challenge for you: Answer all my questions without saying or implying that you're right and without saying or implying that I'm wrong." &gt; &gt; That's exactly why I asked for a one word response. So you're arguing in bad faith then. Any argument that proves my case is considered invalid because proving my case makes me look right and makes you look wrong. &gt; If you reframe your question chain in the next comment I'll answer them each in a one word response Again, I'm not binding you to any such restrictions, because I don't need to argue in bad faith to make my point. The "yes or no" is a minimum, not a limit. If you want to answer with additional words to further clarify your response, go for it. &gt; If not then I'll be as generous to myself as I was to you and consider my side of the agreement fulfilled. You're complaining because I gave you additional clarification **in addition** to what you asked for. I'm complaining because you haven't answered my questions at all. These two scenarios are not remotely comparable. It's like saying that someone who pays the bill at a restaurant and leaves a tip for the server despite being told not to is the same as person who leaves without paying anything at all.
&gt; Don't draw your own conclusion from a Boolean answer to a vague question So basically you're telling me that I'm not allowed to apply basic logic to your answers. Got it.
Ron Paul apparently, since he has a history of rushing to Putin's defense whenever Putin is accused of something.
A few years ago, I made a post describing this tactic from libertarians. Apparently my description got quoted and added to the rational wiki article on the gish gallop.
&gt;I dont disagree with any of them from a libertarian perspective. So you don't disagree with shooting down civilian aircrafts, political assassinations via chemical weapons, and all the crimes that Trump has been accused of? &gt;Sanctions are an act of war. But shooting down civilian airplanes is totes acceptable. &gt;Our government routinely lies, especially lying us into wars. And that somehow means that everything that Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin have been accused of is now okay? &gt;Obviously, its hypocritical to condemn Russia for meddling in elections when our government has openly admitted to overthrowing governments Two wrongs don't make a right, dude. And Ron Paul isn't simply defending Russia, he's defending American politicians who've colluded with the Russian government to make these crimes happening. &gt;What do the impeachment articles have to do with Russia? You mean aside from the fact that Ron Paul keeps making references to defending Russian in the article where he defends impeachment? The articles of impeachment are based on Trump illegally violating the constitution that Ron Paul pretends to care about by illegally withholding aid to the Ukraine in order to illegally solicit bribes. The main reason why Ukraine requested that aid in the first place was to defend themselves from the Russian military, which the Putin puppets are obviously opposed to. &gt;As Americans are we supposed to hate Russia by default? Strawman. You don't have to hate Russia by default, but you also don't need to defend them when they shoot down military aircrafts and the use of chemical weapons in political assassinations, and you don't need to defend Trump when he blatantly violates the constitution that Ron Paul pretends to care about in order to serve Putin's interests. &gt;Are we required to agree with our own government even when they have no moral leg to stand on? Deflection. Our own government having flaws doesn't magically mean that everything that Putin does is magically okay. &gt;You cant honestly tell me that the media and elements within our government havent been after Trump from the first day he won the election. You can say the same thing about Obama and Clinton, what's your point? Ron Paul voted to impeach Bill Clinton over a blowjob, but has no trouble making excuses when Donald Trump commits the one and only crime that the constitution specifically lists as impeachable. &gt;You know how I know that our government is lying? Their "lips" are moving. "All politicians lie, unless it's Vladimir Putin, or Donald Trump acting in the interests of Vladimir Putin, in which case you can assume that every word they utter is God's honest truth." Again, Ron Paul is a frequent guest on Russia Today, which makes FOX news look like Edward R Murrow by comparison. Why is Putin the only foreign leader in the world who Ron Paul deems trustworthy?
The other day I was explaining that the libertarian NAP and theory of inalienable natural rights from birth allows for child prostitution. The libertarian I was arguing with got indignant and asked me if children could consent to contracts. I explained that they could under the libertarian NAP which I reject, but not under the American legal system that he rejects. He then got upset and indignant and accused me of not answering the question, and demanded I gave a one word response without saying the definition I was using. This is a common tactic among libertarians: If I answer in the context of one definition, they will immediately accuse me of answering in the context of the other definition. In other words, he was upset that I wanted to clarify my definitions in advance, because it gave him less room to lie afterwards. He couldn't come up with any explanation why clarifying my definition in advance invalidated my answer.
&gt;It's nOt rEaL socIaliSm The difference is that when socialists claim that X isn't socialism, it's because X doesn't institute actual socialist policies, like giving the workers control over the means of production. Usually libertarians will claim a strawman of "socialists want a totalitarian ruler with absolute power and this country is a strong example of that," even though no socialist in America is asking for a totalitarian ruler. OTOH, when libertarians claim that X isn't libertarian, it's because X doesn't have utopian *results*. For instance, libertarians will claim that we shouldn't have taxes to pay for things like school and police. Somalia has those policies, but Somalia doesn't count as libertarian because of high crime and poor education, even though high crime and poor education is a direct result of libertarian policies.
A common tactic among libertarians: **Libertarian:** "Answer my question about x, y, z." **Me:** "x, y, z can mean a lot of different things. Can you clarify your definitions before I answer?" **Libertarian:** "Stop evading! Answer my question." **Me:** "I can't answer your question if you refuse to clarify your definitions. For instance, here are examples of different possible meanings that would result in different answers." **Libertarian:** "Use whatever definitions you want, just answer the question." **Me:** "Okay, under this definition of X, here's my answer." **Libertarian:** "Stop evading! Just give me a simple yes or no." **Me:** "You told me I can use whatever definition I want, so I told you the definition I was using." **Libertarian:** "Don't do that! Just give me your answer without the definition." **Me:** "If I do that, you'll lie and claim that I was answering under a different definition. Otherwise, you would have no reason to object to me telling you the definition in advance." **Libertarian:** "Stop evading and answer!"
&gt; No offense, but you sound like the typical media and government brainwashed citizen. Projection. You sound like a typical cultist who's brain is completely invaluable of processing criticizing against his dear beloved leader and will always make implausible excuses to rationalize it. Ron Paul could announce that the earth was flat, and you would insist that it must be true because everything Ron Paul says is true and therefore anyone who says otherwise must be lying. &gt; Ron Paul being above media and government brainwashing, having served in government for 24 years, knows how they operate. &gt; &gt; Ofcourse Ron Paul is correct. "All government employees lie, except for Ron Paul who you can trust to always tell the truth because he used to work for the government. And you can always trust everything that Putin and Trump say as well, because Ron Paul vouches for them." &gt; Lies, inaccuracies, exaggerations, hyperbole, everything. So you're basically a Trump supporter who believes that every attack he makes against other people is the truth and every attack made against him is a lie. Got it.
The internet is only profitable for them today because they had the government take on all the initial costs and all the initial risk, which is the point. It would not be profitable if the government hadn't been around to cover the cost of their potential losses and if the government wasn't around to prop up the initial demand.
&gt;I support the sentiment but the logic is flawed. Compliance is not consent. "If you shop retail you support Capitalism"? Socialism literally requires capitalism as a prerequisite. It's like saying, "You say your next car will be better than your current one, and yet you still use your current car!"
&gt;I was dangerously close to becoming that person, thank god I dug myself out. How?
Part of the problem is when you ask **"*****Who*** **will build the roads?"**, they assume you're asking who will possess the knowledge of road building (Which obviously the free market will figure out), and not who will foot the bill and actually pay for it. The other problem is they assume that hotel owners will pay for roads so that people can visit their hotels, without understanding that the hotels wouldn't exist in the first place if the roads weren't already there.
Please show me where the nap (and not the American legal system which I support) makes the distinction that you claim. Where is it written within the nap itself?
Proving that the only metrics important to libertarians are tax cuts to the wealthy (as opposed to the increased taxes from tariffs) and legalizing bigotry. A simple question : if I'm a typical American who doesn't own an AR 15, how will my freedoms increase under Trump?
It's the same way they think that Hong Kong protestors shooting the police would be a great idea. Escalating violence is always the correct answer.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleolibertarianism
&gt;The average net worth of senate is $14 million. How is that any better? 1. So the entire net-worth of the entire US combined is roughly equivalent to the guy who founded Papa Johns Pizza. 2. "Average" does not mean medium. Kelly Loeffler on her own accounts for about 1/3 of the average. Median congressional networth is about $500,000. 3. Despite being worth 1000 times more than the median congress person, Loeffler does not have 1000 times as many votes. 4. People with more money do not get to elect more congress people to represent them.
&gt;lmao imagine thinking that saying I’m a Trump supporter is an argument. You said that Trump was better for liberty and that you respect his mental acuity and trade policy.
&gt;Compared to Biden. Please show me where Biden gave medical advice that was worse than injecting your lungs with bleach.
&gt; Though, in regards to taxes I told them what you said about them being voluntary since you agree to pay theses taxes to get a job, but he said that companies only require you to agree to taxes since they government won’t allow them to run if they don’t. The short response is, "By that logic, subletting is coercion, because the only reason I'm charging my roommate for rent is because the landlord will call in men with guns to evict me if I don't. Uber fees are coercion, because the only reason drivers give a cut to Uber is because Uber refuses to let passengers hire them without one. The same goes for credit card fees, delivery fees, handling fees, etc." Again, no paper trail = no crime. The only way for a paper trail to exist is if the business to have their own preexisting voluntary agreement with the state, in exchange for benefits in return. A really basic one is access to public sidewalks. Even if you owned the physical store, the state would be within their rights to cut off access to sidewalks so that no one would be able to enter. Another is the ability to call the police or fire department if something bad happens, or being able to cite reported income and appraisal values to the insurance company to recoup your losses. Otherwise, you would have no recourse. Generally, there are only two times when employers are charged for this: 1. They are attempting to exploit the employee by denying them social security and unemployment benefits, and the employee sues because they do not consent. 2. They report employee salary as a business expense, and the IRS gives them a deduction on the assumption that the employee would report the income and pay taxes on it. Since the employee never reported income, the deduction was given under false pretenses. i.e., fraud. Even in the highly xenophobic Trump administration, you never see ICE trying to charge undocumented workers with tax evasion. Because undocumented means no proof of fraud. &gt; He also said even if I was right about income tax being voluntary, sales tax isn’t comparable since no one voluntarily agrees to sales tax ever. Sure they do. Aside from consent in the form of voting, when you bring things to the cashier, the cashier tells you the total with tax included. If you think that the new total is too high, you can refuse the transaction without punishment. You don't have to pay unless you agree the fee is reasonable. Again, this same logic also applies to all other type of third party fees. Any time you order something on Amazon, Amazon gets a cut. The shipping company gets a cut. The credit card company gets a cut. Any affiliate that pointed you to the Amazon product gets a cut. Reseller gets a cut. etc. Now, the ancap will try to argue that private market service fees don't count, because they're voluntary for services in return. The entire point of taxes is that the same applies to government. For instance, what's stopping people from robbing your store and stealing all your hard earned money? It's probably the fear of you calling the police and forcing them to serve jail time. That service cost money, which are paid for via taxes. How are people getting to your store? Are they using public roads and public services? Those things cost money to maintain. Which are paid for with taxes.
&gt; Trump will go down in history as the worst president ever. You're think so, but never under estimate the power of gas lighting.
You're right, he only said that people protesting against fascism were terrorists. People protesting in favor of fascism are very fine people.
The difference being whether or not you super or oppose fascism.
Remind me how many people were saying that church goers should be murdered by the police if they decide to ignore the restrictions?
&gt; Antifa is literally a domestic terrorist organization Only because the president declared that anyone who opposes fascism is now a terrorist.
False analogy. Your examples involve actual political parties with people in charge to set policies, and those policies can be examined. Who do you think is in charge of Antifa? Who does you think sets the official policy for Antifa? How does one become a member of Antifa, and how does one get kicked out? And the answer is, no one is in charge, and no one says the policy, because it's made up of individuals. There is no membership process, and no way to get kicked out. You become an anti fascist simply by declaring that you're opposed to fascism.
So you're pro fascism?
You didn't answer his question. All you did was prove his original point of labeling anyone who disagrees with you as a terrorist. Simple question : given the choice between between being pro fascism and anti fascism, which one would you choose?
No one was rioting when Trump decided to gas his own people for a photo op and declare that all of them were terrorists.
Yeah, he's still cool with people protesting in favor of fascism, just not the people against it.
Were people raiding Gucci yesterday when Trump decided to gas them for his photo?
Did Trump gas his own citizens in front of the church yesterday because they were rioting and looting? Or did he has them because they were protesting?
So then you have no pertinent being labeling yourself pro fascism then, since you claim that labeling yourself pro fascism doesn't matter. Now how you still didn't answer my question on which side you identify with.
&gt; I’m anti-fascist and anti-Antifa. And what do you think is the difference? Because if your answer is, "in not a member of an official organization," then I have news for you. No one is a member, because no such organization exists. The only thing it takes to be a part of antifa is opposition to fascism.
Who is ANTIFA? Is anyone in charge? How do you become a member? How do you get kicked out?
&gt; The thing that makes purple purple is because it matches the wavelength And the thing that makes someone Antifa is their opposition to fascism. &gt; Trump declared the group called Antifa Please define this group for me. Is there anyone in charge of this group who sets policy? What does it take to be a member of this group? Does anyone have the power to kick people out for not living up to expectations? Were any of the people he gassed yardage engaged in the behavior you listed? &gt; Acting in the pursuit of libertarian ideas makes you a libertarian. Yes, just like acting in pursuit of being anti fascist makes you Antifa. If Trump labeled libertarianism a terrorist organization, would you be okay with that? Would you assume that he's only referring to people who are libertarian in name only but don't practice actual libertarian ideals?
"A smoke grenade is a canister-type grenade used as a signaling device, target or landing zone marking device, or as a screening device for unit movements" Which of those things match up with their intentions?
Tear gas is aerosoled irritants, not an actual gas. Which means that a gas mask isn't required.
&gt; They weren't wearing any masks. So the plastic face coverings are just a natural feature then?
&gt; Antifa is an organized group. No idea who leads it or how it is run but I'm starting to think you do. You're the reason some stores are running out of tin foil. &gt; Trup has not gassed anyone. He gassed people yesterday for the sake of a photo. &gt; Trump will not declare Libertarians a terroist group until they start burning buildings and attacking citizens on the streets. Timothy McVeigh?
Do you not understand the difference between solid, liquids, and gasses?
&gt; They aren't spraying it out its aerosolized to the degree it effectively behaves as an actual gas Sure, for a short period of time right until the aerosol either comes into contact with something solid or the solvent evaporates on its own. Which is why wearing riot shields in an outdoor environment can greatly reduce the effect.
&gt; Calling the tail a leg does not make it so.” But were supposed to believe that Antifa is terrorist simply because the fascists said so. &gt; Temporarily assume I’m right, and see how well the evidence fits. Okay, let's temporarily assume that Antifa is authoritarian, like you claim. Surely you can point to an actual central authority figure who they follow, right? Of, you can't? Then it doesn't fit at all.
&gt; They also show no signs of being exposed to CS gas. I'm sure they spontaneously decided to flee the scene on their own for no apparent reason.
&gt; Timothy McVeigh was a terrorist So libertarians are terrorist then. &gt; If you don't know that Antifa is a well funded organization Who's in charge of said organization?
&gt; Yea, basically its a splinter group So go after the splinter. If there's a supplier of vegans who say it's okay to eat beef, they aren't speaking for all vegans as a whole. Not would it be accurate to say that vegans are a beef eating organization. &gt; its still in a sense an organisation, they all believe in the same thing You mean opposition to fascism? &gt; Most importantly its stated that they do what can be defined as terrorism So you're back to the vegan beef eater argument.
Your own link said you were wrong, dude.
Fascists: "Just because people say they're anti fascist doesn't mean that they're anti fascist." Also fascists: "This anonymous Twitter bot calls itself anti fascist, therefore, all anti fascist people are terrorists."
So you're pro-fascism then?
&gt; I guess you would rather us vote for Biden? "I suppose you would rather us vote for not Hitler?"
&gt; who in their right mind would vote for Biden. All of them.
&gt; just not good at playing the game and using it for personal gain Lol, what?
&gt; Haha you think secret service isn’t on every corner watching his ever move? Did you notice how he didn't have to tear gas everyone in the process? &gt; in the middle of riots There were no roots when the gassing happened. &gt; Oh wow, one random account on Twitter. You mean the DC mayor? &gt; No, I’m asking you to back up your claim that the president personally ordered the police to fire tear gas at peaceful protestors. That's like asking me to find proof that the president personally requested a good trip and wasn't sent the against his will. I already provided proof that it was federal officials disregarding local laws, but you're trying to argue that he was forced to do a photo op against his will and didn't go there willingly.
&gt; No, I'm referring to Antifa members who come out of state and try to get the protesters to riot So white supremacists claiming to be Antifa on Twitter.
&gt; In what fucking world have you seen libertarians supporting police violence? When it's being used against black people.
&gt; What libertarian supports the fucking police? Ron Paul is the most popular libertarian in America, and he famously wrote that the arrest rate of black people was artificially low due to police incompetence and and that likely 95% of black people were criminals.
&gt; Libertarians want a demilitirization of police. Libertarians want a private police force with no restrictions.
Trump is just as inarticulate. The difference is that Trump also has the intelligence of a pre-schooler and legitimately asks if injecting your lungs with bleach can cure the virus, rather than someone who meant to say something else and misspoke.
Most of them. Because being socially liberal with no economic power to back it up is just wishful thinking at best. It's like saying, "I believe in maintaining my car, but I don't think I should spend any money on it." If you say black people should have equal rights but you're okay with the market treating them as second class citizens, then you don't actually believe in equal rights.
&gt;Wouldn't they insist that people should try to fix climate change without the government? They could if they actually showed an effort to fix the problem on their own. But they don't. The vast majority of libertarian "solutions" are things they could already be implementing right now.
&gt;The other half of the comments: “I’m voting for him because he’s the most libertarian president we’ve ever had!” Don't forget "I don't like Trump but I think he's better than Biden" without actually being able to explain any metric where Trump is actually better, because they don't want to say out loud that the real reason they think Trump is better i the racism. The most frequent example is, "I can't support Biden because Biden is less intelligent." Trump recently demanded a press conference just so he could propose the suggestion that everyone inject their lungs with bleach for 60 seconds to flush out the coronavirus. Despite this, libertarians will still insist he's more intelligent and less senile because... reasons.
I did. Your article claims that demanding that black people receive equal pay for equal work is racist against black people. Plantation owners wouldn't hire black people if they had to pay them the same as a white person for the and work, therefore, ending slavery is racist against black people.
&gt; If you wanna be racist, that’s fine. And that's why you don't count as socially liberal. I'm reminded of the time when Ron Paul argued that don't ask don't tell treated gay and straight people equal because both groups would be punished equally for engaging in gay behavior.
Prominent libertarians like Ron Paul and Gary Johnson and Bob Barr famously filed lawsuits to undermine free speech. All their cases were immediately dismissed for having zero merit. And free speech is also an economic issue, seeing as how money = speech and lots of people don't have any.
So now you're moving the goalpost from "the minimum wage is racist because we can't pay black people less for the same work" to "the minimum wage is bad because he are some people who say they don't like it it."
&gt; Ya except biden does not support weed legalization "President Trump proposed ending an existing policy that protects state medical marijuana programs from Justice Department interference as part of his fiscal year 2021 budget plan released on Monday." &gt; and also took credit for the Patriot act Trump literally built his campaign on illegally hacking his political enemies. &gt; and also has no plans to end the wars we are engaged in. Trump can't even plan a walk down the street for a photo op. &gt; Biden does not have any sort of right ideas And that's what this really boils down to. Trump is clearly incompetent and corrupt as fuck on any metric you'd like to discuss, but you're still going to vote for him like the loyal fascist you are.
&gt; we were talking about biden and friends bailing out supposed"white supremicist" rioters Nope. You said Biden was funding terrorists, and then when pressed for proof, you said that it's impossible to prove that the people he was helping aren't guilty of terrorism. Can you prove your favorite restaurant isn't owned by terrorists? By your logic, there's no way to know, and that makes you guilty if finding terrorism. But wait, Biden isn't even paying for bail directly, and the charity said that they haven't bailed out anyone accused of violence yet. So your argument is that we can prove that Biden won't hypothetically give money to people who might be guilty of terrorism despite evidence to the contrary indirectly. So this is more like saying, "Can you prove that your isp won't take your money and spend it at a restaurant without realizing that the restaurant is run by terrorists in the future?" It's just an absurd goal post. &gt; antifa is not a belief, antifa is an association Please describe the membership process. &gt; pro vaxxors aren't commonly known for using violence against dissenters and starting riots So you don't think there's ever been a router in all of human history who was also pro vaccine?
&gt; One more thing the free market is doing better than the government That's why the only demand from the protestors right now is better cell phone cameras, rather than any sort of public reform. Also, the government isn't in the business of selling cell phone cameras in the first place. It's like saying that Subway does a better job of making sandwiches than Apple.
Libertarians have been spending the last 5 decades pretending racism against black people was over and the civil rights act went too far. Your entire movement didn't take off in America until your intellectual founding fathers decided to model their PR campaign on David Duke and appeal to the same base. This sub spent the past three years apologizing by Trump, to the point where it was completely taken over by Trump supporters last year who banned anyone who dissented. Libertarians have done Jack shit to address any of the underlying social injustices that brought us to this point, and they're doing Jack shit now. You saw a crap ton of libertarian flags at the reopening protest, but funny thing, I don't remember seeing them at any of the current protests. &gt; This can be good for our movement. Seriously get bent dude. You're looking at a movement launched by other people, and instead of asking how you can help, you're looking for a way to profit from their work to promote your David Duke inspired ideology. You're exactly the type of moocher libertarians pretend to hate.
Libertarians have to go through mental on this issue where they ignore their usual talking point about competition bringing prices down, and instead go the opposite direction and insist that competition drives prices up.
Nope.
Doesn't change the fact that more white people receieve welfare and have been eligible for programs that black people were excluded from.
&gt; It may no longer be revolutionary, but it is in the liberal tradition and it is not universally accepted. Nationalists, socialists, and progressives all call for more government power. That's like grouping arsonists with grill masters and welders and saying that all of them call for the use of fire. Just because they use the same tool doesn't make them the same people, nor does it mean they're unaware of the dangers.
Rand Paul has called for trillions of dollars in handouts for the super wealthy while gutting programs for the poor.
&gt;my dude do you understand proportions? Do you understand history? Throughout this country's history, we've had programs designed to give handouts to white people while excluding black people. White people became a lot better off as a result of said handouts. But now that black people want some help as well, suddenly those handouts are bad and the cause of their poverty. Black families have far less wealth compared to white families at the same income level, which means that even if they have the same pay, white families are going to be better off based on accumulated advantages from the past. That means that white children will receive more handouts than black children growing up, and those advantages will compound even further. For instance, redlining is a practice that allowed white families to receive 98% of home loans between 1934 - 1968, which also made it a lot easier for white families to accumulate wealth. The Community Reinvestment Act tried to reverse this trend, by restricting discrimination against borrowers. When the crash of 2008 happened, libertarians tried to blame anti-discrimination laws as the cause, even though this wasn't backed up by any data, simply because they wanted to pin their problems on black people. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETR9qrVS17g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETR9qrVS17g) &gt;the current welfare state is what caused the epidemic of fatherlessness and crime in the black community... "Poor people wouldn't resort to crime if you made them even poorer." &gt;btw did you want to explain what paleolibertarianism is to me? Paleolibertarianism is libertarians giving racist people a non-racist sounding justification for promoting racist outcomes. Like what you're doing when you insist that the reason for racism against black people is because black people have it too easy.
Their twitter feed is mostly bragging about their new sales figures and also cops are great.
&gt;I've got news for you buddy, the majority of gun owners aren't on the side of the people burning buildings and looting. Neither are the protesters. And neither are the people being murdered by the police. The difference is that the majority of gun owners *are* on the side of police brutality and tyranny. Philando Castile wasn't looting or burning buildings, the NRA still defended the police for shooting him. Kenneth Walker wasn't looting or burning buildings, and the NRA didn't lift a finger to defend him.
The purpose of the NRA is to sell guns, not freedom. They openly support tyranny because tyranny is their best customer.
&gt;Hopefully seeing the U.S. military mobilized against american citizens will make them change their tune, but I doubt it. Not only is the NRA doing absolutely nothing to stop police brutality, but they're actively praising and defending it. The NRA doesn't give a shit about stopping tyranny, they only care about selling guns. And the police are some of their best customers.
&gt; Simple. Why is it that we need a lynching law if lynching in and of itself is 1st degree premedtated murder? Because lynching has a much greater scope. A person who murders people simply for being black is likely to murder again, and likely to incite and recruit other people for future murders.
&gt;You think the NRA supports Democrats? I think the NRA supports Trump and "tough on crime" republicans.
&gt;but looting, arson, and beating people in the street is a violation of a key principle of libertarianism Irrelevant, since the vast majority of the people protesting and the victims of police brutality haven't done any of those things. The police are brutalizing law abiding citizens who are exercising their 1st amendment rights, and the NRA is okay with that because their job is to sell guns and the police are a big customer.
&gt;Their police are directly under their control. Nope. The police have enough power to effectively define their own terms, and are effectively acting like a private security firm. &gt;Proof? [https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2020/06/01/minneapolis-police-union-president-praise-trump-campaign-rally.cnn](https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2020/06/01/minneapolis-police-union-president-praise-trump-campaign-rally.cnn) &gt;And this police chief wasn't replaced by the Democrats in charge why? It's not a police chief, it's the union president, elected by the police officers themselves. And the state/chief can't fire police officers simply for being hard Trump supporters. First, the union would block it and the entire department would go on strike. Second, right wing media would make this the biggest scandal in history.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyer\_Anti-Lynching\_Bill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyer_Anti-Lynching_Bill) The bill[\[15\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyer_Anti-Lynching_Bill#cite_note-Naacp-15) classified lynching as a federal [felony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felony), which would have allowed the United States to prosecute cases, since states and local authorities seldom did. The bill prescribed punishments for perpetrators, specifically: * (a) A maximum of 5 years in prison, $5,000 fine, or both, for any state or city official who had the power to protect a person in his [jurisdiction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurisdiction) but failed to do so *or* who had the power to [prosecute](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prosecute) those responsible and failed to do so. * (b) A minimum of 5 years in prison for anyone who participated in a lynching, whether they were an ordinary citizen or the official responsible for keeping the victim safe. * (c) $10,000 fine to be paid by the county in which the lynching took place, to be turned over to the victim’s family or his parents, or to the United States government if the victim has no family. If the victim was seized in one county and killed in another, both counties were to be fined. In addition, the law prescribed actions of special circumstances: * (a) If officers fail to equally protect all citizens, they can be prosecuted in federal court. * (b) Foreign visitors were not exempt from this law and were to be prosecuted within the laws of the state or territory, as well as protected by those same laws.
&gt; Sure he can. He can choose to disregard the union. That's not how unions work. You can't just poof a union out of existence. Especially if that union controls all the firepower for the state and there's no one to challenge them. &gt; You haven't proved they're "super pro-Trump". You have one guy. One guy representing speaking on behalf of the entire union. &gt; It's not a fallacy to point out who is propping up public sector unions. It's a fallacy to conflate generally true with universally true. Just because most people in this country are white doesn't mean that Samuel L Jackson is. Just because most unions are liberal doesn't mean that police unions are. &gt; Unions can't stop criminal convictions. No one's been convicted yet, making it a catch-22. Moreover, the union also has the power to prevent those convictions from happening in the first place, by threatening retaliation against any public official that tries to challenge them, including prosecutors who rely on the police union for testimony in other cases. &gt; And why did the Democrats in charge of every other level of the state care when they had no reason to listen to him? Trump said that the federal DOJ would no longer investigate cases of local abuses. So you're basically giving them exactly what they want. &gt; You're speculating on things that haven't happened. No, I'm describing what already happens when people try to stand up to the police union. And what's happening right now.
&gt; Still subjective and race based. Why wouldnt this be applied to all laws including murder 1 to add this security to everyone? "I don't understand why buses exist. Why can't all the functionality of a bus be applied to a bicycle?"
&gt; Sure you can. Refuse to deal with the union. Best case scenario is that the police refuse to do their job, which makes your city look like a lawless anarchy where criminals have free reign, which creates a lot of political pressure. Worst case scenario is that the police openly engage in retaliation and illegal behavior because there's no one to stop them. &gt; Which doesn't back up your initial assertion. The police union endorsing republicans doesn't support the assertion that the union endorses republicans? https://www.mprnews.org/story/2019/10/07/minneapolis-police-union-sells-cops-for-trump-tshirts &gt; Then how did the union force Klob and the Democrats to bypass the justice system in Floyd's murderer's case? She was already out of office when that happened. But yes, police unions have no trouble threatening local prosecutors with retaliation, which is why you need federal oversight. i.e., the very thing that police unions praised Trump for removing. &gt; No, you speculated on something that hasn't happened. It's not speculation. Lots of politicians have tried to clean up the police department, and they face retaliation every single time. Just this week, the Police Union president illegally revealed personal information for Bill De Blasio's daughter simply because they protested them. Police unions see themselves as untouchable.
&gt; Why would this accountability only be specific to one race based law? Because it's a race based crime. It's like asking, "Why would you need DUI laws for people who drive drunk?"
&gt; So fire the lot of them and replace them with those that will. You realize that hiring a police officer isn't like hiring an Uber, right? Who are you going to replace them with? Who is going to be in charge of training? How long do you have to wait between the day someone applies until the day they're on the street? &gt; The national guard, state police, and military totally would. Which is exactly why the police unions love Trump so much, because Trump specifically based his campaign around not doing that. &gt; So you're still shilling for them and pretending that the Democrat mayor and governor were completely powerless? You're the one pretending that they have the power to wish a corrupt police union out of existence and replace them overnight, but simply choose not to. &gt; Get rid of your precious Democrat unions then. See above. It's funny how libertarians insist that governments are tyrannical because of "men with guns", while also insisting that the department that actually controls and uses said guns is somehow completely powerless.
&gt;Should we punish drunk drivers based on race? Lynching laws don't punish people based on race, dumbass. They punish people who murder others for racial reasons. Your own race doesn't matter.
People can also do horrible things when it's their financial self-interest to do so.
&gt;It can be fixed through reform and the utmost transparency between police departments and the public Great. What's the plan?
&gt; Almost like you see two different groups which you treat with two different standards. So you're saying that "**people who oppose actual tyranny**" and "**people who want to make it easier for teenagers to buy an AR-15**" are completely separate groups with no overlap. Okay then.
&gt;But to what extent have their supported politicians who have empowered police while dis-empowering the rest of America? You have that backwards. The NRA is a gun lobby that's only interested in increasing sales for the sake of profit, which means that it's in their self-interest to elect politicians who will give the police more guns and less accountability. Case in point: Look at how much money they spent on Donald Trump, and look at what Donald Trump has been doing to escalate the violence further. Because the NRA profits from escalation. Likewise, the NRA also wants to push a narrative that crime is out of control, which both gives the police an excuse for more brutality and encourages more private gun sales. Their answer to school shootings is that we need schools to buy more guns.
&gt;I live in a strongly Republican county and even here the cops don't give a shit if you have weed in your car and long as your not driving while fucked up. He's referring to the fact that the NRA tried to defend killing Philando Castile because he was a weed smoker. Also, black. And clearly in the passenger side. The NRA doesn't care about the 2nd amendment, they care about selling guns, and racist police officers are a primary source of income.
It's almost as if their real job all along was fear mongering to push the sale of fire arms to people likely to use them.
&gt;So now it’s time for all of us to admit embarrassment at having been, for many years, empty shills for the NRA. But remember: Libertarians hate crony capitalism.
&gt;helped lessen the severity of the riots in areas where there is little gun control You're moving the goalpost from "opposing tyranny" to "actively working with tyranny but also stopping a few wrong doers on the side."
The satire version is less evil.
&gt;Regardless, the NRA is a big part of why we still have a 2nd Amendment Nope.
They colluded with the anti-gun tyrannical Russian government to get the tyrannical pro-gun Trump elected, and continue to stay silent on all of Trump's current abuses of power.
[https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-calls-for-national-guard-and-military-nationwide-protests-2020-6](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-calls-for-national-guard-and-military-nationwide-protests-2020-6)
&gt; No, they did do it. If they're just going to rehire everyone who was fired and the firings were for financial reasons rather than conduct reason, then they didn't actually address the underlying corruption or abuse of power. &gt; I've literally had them called to my city after natural disasters to keep the peace and render aid. They were called out during desegregation specifically because the local cops and government were acting unconstitutionally. None of these things are equivalent to everyday police work. Telling someone to stand still and look intimidating while someone enters a building or engage in repetitive physical labor is not the same thing as actually engaging with the community one-on-one. &gt; We don't own guns so we can go murder cops on behalf of some lazy fucks who don't do it themselves. You don't have to. Just use them to stand up to tyranny like they've been claiming. &gt; Except what you wrote. You keep saying that what I wrote was wrong without being specific on what you're referring to or why you think that. Because not only was none of it actually wrong, but you yourself recognize that to be the case.
&gt; Where did the US military step in and treat peaceful US citizens as the enemy? You know what the US military does to its enemies, right? https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/04/politics/dc-mayor-federal-troops-floyd-protests/index.html
&gt; But they did disband the police force. Only temporarily, and not for the sake of removing corruption. Which means that corrupt officers had no reason to be worried. &gt; Yep. That'll probably be on hold until the new police force is ready. So why bother having them there at all? At most, they might be suitable to replace a SWAT team, the entire point of demilitarization is that SWAT teams really aren't even necessary in the first place. &gt; So you want me to use them as clubs rather than shooting them? How? Libertarians are the ones insisting that guns defend against tyranny, so you tell me. &gt; You made a blanket statement accusing all libertarians of holding two positions you fabricated. It's not hard. So libertarians aren't anti-teachers unions?
Keep moving that goalpost dude. &gt; and they're there to protect national monuments? Nope. There's zero reason to believe that Black Lives Matter protesters have any intention of defacing the Lincoln Monument, much less to an extent that would require the US military to intervene. Here they are in the middle of the street: https://www.yahoo.com/huffpost/william-barr-justice-department-protests-trump-032202970.html &gt; Please describe where the military is treating peaceful protestors like the enemy. The fact that they're being stationed for the specific purpose of domination.
&gt; If the cops, or any other group, incite a fucking armed rebellion I never mentioned armed rebellion. Try again. &gt; No, I still maintain that. Well, then you're an idiot who doesn't understand the difference between "now" and "50 years ago." &gt; These cities are run by Democrats. So you're back to claiming that Samuel L Jackson is a white dude? &gt; Those Democrats are there because their constituency is overwhelmingly Democrat. Not when it comes to police, they aren't. You keep relying on the same "Samuel L Jackson must be white" logic. &gt; No, I want you brownshirts stopped. I want your brutality to end. So you're claiming that church employees were gassed because they burned down their own church? You're an idiot. &gt; And the pictures of burned churches dispute yours. By all means, show me the photo where the church employees burned down their own church.
&gt; This law literally has nothing to do with George Floyd and wouldn't have prevented his death. This law was originally proposed in 1918, has gone through 200 attempts, and the current version passed in the house in February. But it doesn't directly tie into something that happened a week ago, therefore it must be bad. &gt; Making murder more illegal might be the most government solution to a problem, evar That's like saying we don't need DUI laws because we already have laws for public drunkenness. The purpose of anti lynching laws is to expand the punishment for co-conspirators of the conspiracy was for the sake of lynching. That's because crimes of lynching go beyond just the individual. The purpose is to send a message to expect additional murders in the future.
Okay, troll.
&gt; They'll be fired Which feeds directly into the propaganda campaign that they created of democrats being anti police and soft on crime. This is just as your suggestion to demilitarized the police by putting a military force in charge. You've already shown that you're willing to take the police at their word that no abuse of power happened even when all the footage from the event and civilian witnesses -- including the reporters and supposed victims -- say otherwise. At which point, you've basically given the police free license to do whatever the fuck they want and get away with it, since you'll condone yourself that they are in the right and everyone else is in the wrong. Which is precisely why it's difficult to remove corrupt officers in the first place. Because of boroughs like you. &gt; No, they can solve the fucking problem that existed even back then. Right. People who lived 50 years ago should have resulted in their smart phone cameras to shoot video of police brutality and upload them on Facebook. That makes so much sense. &gt; Can you link to me saying that about Samuel Jackson? Can you show me a link to the the police union president saying that the union is run by democrats? &gt; Use a valid source, please. You're denying that the Willie Horton ad ever haopened? &gt; Google it. I did. There is zero evidence backing your claim that Trump gassed church employees who participated in the protest because they were burning down their own church. Here is what the church reverend said: *"Friends, I am ok, but I am, frankly shaken. I was at St. John's, Lafayette Square most of the afternoon, with fellow clergy and laypeople - and clergy from some other denominations too. We were passing out water and snacks, and helping the patio area at St. John's, Lafayette square to be a place of respite and peace. All was well - with a few little tense moments - until about 6:15 or so. By then, I had connected with the Black Lives Matter medic team, which was headed by an EMT. Those people were AMAZING. They had been on the patio all day, and thankfully had not had to use much of the eyewash they had made. Around 6:15 or 6:30, the police started really pushing protestors off of H Street (the street between the church and Lafayette Park, and ultimately, the White House. They started using tear gas and folks were running at us for eyewashes or water or wet paper towels. At this point, Julia, one of our seminarians for next year (who is a trauma nurse) and I looked at each other in disbelief. I was coughing, her eyes were watering, and we were trying to help people as the police - in full riot gear - drove people toward us. Julia and her classmates left and I stayed with the BLM folks trying to help people. Suddenly, around 6:30, there was more tear gas, more concussion grenades, and I think I saw someone hit by a rubber bullet - he was grasping his stomach and there was a mark on his shirt. The police in their riot gear were literally walking onto the St. John's, Lafayette Square patio with these metal shields, pushing people off the patio and driving them back. People were running at us as the police advanced toward us from the other side of the patio. We had to try to pick up what we could. The BLM medic folks were obviously well practiced. They picked up boxes and ran. I was so stunned I only got a few water bottles and my spray bottle of eyewash. We were literally DRIVEN OFF of the St. John's, Lafayette Square patio with tear gas and concussion grenades and police in full riot gear. We were pushed back 20 feet, and then eventually - with SO MANY concussion grenades - back to K street. By the time I got back to my car, around 7, I was getting texts from people saying that Trump was outside of St. John's, Lafayette Square. I literally COULD NOT believe it. WE WERE DRIVEN OFF OF THE PATIO AT ST. JOHN'S - a place of peace and respite and medical care throughout the day - SO THAT MAN COULD HAVE A PHOTO OPPORTUNITY IN FRONT OF THE CHURCH!!! PEOPLE WERE HURT SO THAT HE COULD POSE IN FRONT OF THE CHURCH WITH A BIBLE! HE WOULD HAVE HAD TO STEP OVER THE MEDICAL SUPPLIES WE LEFT BEHIND BECAUSE WE WERE BEING TEAR GASSED!!!!"* You lied about the police union supporting democrats just like you lied about the church supporting Trump. Lying is all you know how to do.
&gt; A) it wasn't tear gas. We found canisters addresses saying otherwise, as well as church employees who experienced it first hand. &gt; B) They set a church on fire, stop calling them peaceful protestors. So you're telling me that the church employees who were handing out medical supplies and who were gassed because they were also setting for to their own church? And this fire just coincidentally started 30 minutes before the white house scheduled the president to arrive?
So man, a lot has happened in this past week regarding discussions on the role of police and society, and it's important not to fall into any ancap traps about it. The simple fact of the matter is that police departments have shown themselves to be super corrupt as fuck in this country, and are engaged in the very tyranny that libertarians have been warning about. This part is pretty much undeniable, and a lot of their behavior has been completely indefensible. Don't even bother trying. Overall, there are three important things to keep in mind: 1. The problems with America's police are not universal throughout the the world. They stem from America's obsession with militarization and dealing with problems through violence, rather than finding alternative solutions. 2. Ancap society isn't much better. See Somalia. The problem is that simply removing the police altogether creates an easy power vacuum for warlords to fill in. Just because you aren't being pressed by the states doesn't mean you aren't being opposed by private actors. 3. For all their talk of revolution and standing up to tyranny, libertarians have taken a backseat throughout this movement. You saw lots of Gadsden flags and second amendment advocates during the reopening protests, but not at any of these protests against police brutality. The few gun advocates who do show up always hang out in the background to stand up for property, rather than hanging out in the front lines to stand up for the people. The main problem with police right now is that they're mainly trained for violent solutions even though most of the situations they're called for don't require them. Adam ruins everything has a good clip on this: https://youtu.be/klo4HI7c_TM For instance, police are often called to deal with homeless people and drug addicted, even though they're absolutely not trained for that. So they go with their training and respond with violence and arrests, which is the wrong solution. We shouldn't respond to these types of social problems with arrests. On the other hand, we also shouldn't simply ignore them and pretend that these problems will fix themselves (Somalia). **'What we need are publicly funded non-police solutions.** for instance, publicly funded homeless shelters and job training centers, or publicly funded rehab centers. One of the main problems is that conservatives have effectively won the narrative on militarization for the past 50 years, both in terms of foreign wars and domestic crime. Portraying themselves as being tough on crime and liberals of being soft on crime has been an effective way to win elections. Bush Sr. famously beat Dukakis in 1988 by largely pushing the Willie Horton ad, and portraying Horton as creating revolving door prisons. Democrats from that area were forced to adopt similar conservative stances on law enforcement in order to win elections. The media had also been complicit throughout all of this. News reports about out of control crime rates generates ratings. Movies portray cops who ignore the rules and act ultra violently like Dirty Harry as heroic. And procedural shows where cops have to deal with a villain of the week makes for easy to write TV shows. Dealing with criminals by using excessive force is always a lot easier than exploring more complex long term solutions. Even in cities that are run by democrats, police unions are largely republican. The Minneapolis union that protected and defended the the officers who killed George floyd stood on stage with Trump and made speeches with him when he campaigned there. These police unions are usually unaccountable to the state. The union president is elected by the officers themselves, and all disciplinary actions have to go through them. They wield a tremendous amount of power and influence thanks to traditionally favorable opinion. For instance, when the Minneapolis city council tried to institute very minor changes, the police union responded by refusing to do their jobs and telling callers that the city council was to blame for getting in their way. Again, movies and TV shows frequently portray rule breaking as necessary for doing their jobs. Other forms of retaliation can be more direct : creating false charges and accusations. And that's why juries are reluctant to charge our induct officers, even in the rare cases where officers are being charged. Because they're conditioned to believing that the police are trustworthy. Ancaps might also insist that liberals encouraged the police state by worshiping big governmrnt. This is a strawman. No one worships "big government" for the sake of bigger government, they see government as a tool for both good or bad. Just because I support the use of fire for welding does not mean I'm an anarchist who supports big fire. And just because I support the idea of a strong safety net does not mean I support police brutality. **So what can we do?** Right now, the main solution from protestors is to defund the police as we know it, and end the militarization of them. The police are necessary for making arrests and dealing with crimes in progress. But that's only a small part of their actual job. Which means we don't need a lot of people to actually do that. For everything else, we should be hiring social workers who are actually trained to work with people rather than working against them. Minarchist libertarians don't allow for this. They believe that governed should be limited to defense and courts, and not much else. And this lines up prefectly with militarization. So either you deal with homelessness and addiction through physical force, or you don't deal with them at all. They might try to claim that the free market will solve these problems, there's nothing stopping them from doing that right now. If they have a plan to end homelessness, fucking do it. If your plan succeeds, we can all agree that we don't need state assistance. Libertarians have also spent the past five decades trying to convince everyone that racism ended when slavery did. There are famous surveys from the 1960s where even back then, 3/4th of white people insisted that reverse racism has gone too far and the average black person now has an easier time finding a good job and getting into a good school. Ancaps want to replace the police with privatization. The problem is that they still have no solution for social issues, and they don't have a mechanism for preventing the same type of corruption we see from police unions. Libertarians frequently compare the state to the mafia. But a completely privatized police department could literally be the mafia, and there would be no one around to stop them threatening you with violence if they don't pay. Ancaps can claim this violates the nap, but the privatized police force doesn't have a reason to care. They can claim that they'll buy their own guns in self defense, or that they'll do business with a non corrupt competing police force. But the real world makes shows that neither of these tactics work. Privatized police forces would be terroritorial and monopolistic, which is the entire situation that Ancaps were trying to avoid.
&gt; You said they were treating peaceful protestors like the enemy. Because that's what Trump said as his intentions, and Trump us the commander in chief. &gt; They aren't dominating peaceful protestors. Look at their actual actions. They haven't done anything. "look, all the kkk did was leave a burning flag in his front yard. There was no intimidation. Look at their actions."
&gt; &gt; Oh, so you never said that the police union was run by democrats? In that case, you should probably stop blaming the democrats for their actions. And I'm still waiting for you to back your claim that church employees were burning their own church. &gt; &gt; You keep trying to deflect from your lie. Projection. You're deflecting while accusing others of deflection. I addressed your statements by showing that you made contradictory statements and asking you which statement you actually believe. Do you believe that police unions are controlled by democrats, yes or no? Do you believe that Trump only gassed people right before his photo op because they were burning down the church and not for the sake of the photo, yes or no? You don't want to give a clear answer, because either way you have to admit that you were lying. So all you can do is deflect and not answer.
Still project your deflections? Do you believe that police unions are run by democrats, yes or no? You still can't answer, because you're claiming "yes" for the sake of making your argument and "no" when I ask you for proof.
&gt;So no apology for lying about what I've said. Do you believe that police unions are run by democrats, yes or no? You still can't answer, because you're claiming "yes" for the sake of making your argument and "no" when I ask you for proof.
&gt; I'm sorry I must have forgotten when the Libertarian Party was in power and had that chance? Libertarianism preaches that taxes are theft and that the legitimate functions of government are very limited. If the ideology doesn't even allow for public schools, then I seriously doubt that it allows for publicly funded treatment centers for addicts. &gt; Why are you fighting so hard for the status quo that has done all the things you are supposedly against? Also seeing as you are a Democrat(I used to be), how did you feel about Obama continuing the Patriot Act and signing the NDAA with articles 1021 and 1022? Democrats understand that we live in the real world and need to make compromises. Libertarians focus on promoting an ideal, and the libertarian ideal does not allow for publicly funded treatment centers.
&gt;Can I see your source on that being the dominant strain of libertarianism? Most of the dominant libertarian scholars follow under the mold of Rothbard and Rockwell (the latter indirectly through the Mises Institute), and the most popular libertarian in America is Ron Paul. The party has a history of nominating socially conservative republicans. Last year, the entire sub leadership was taken over by hardcore Trumpists. The problem is that if all you're saying is, "Here are some reforms that I think are good," most people will try to push those reforms within an existing party. For libertarianism to grow, you need to endorse policies that the other parties won't touch, like repealing the civil rights act. &gt;And what solutions do you believe are socially and economically liberal that need to be made? What are the details? Most of the social injustices in this country results from inequality of power, and in this country, money is the dominant form. You cannot offer social equality to black people if you do not address the underlying economic inequality they are starting with. Economic inequality isn't simply money. It also includes accessibility, inclusion, etc. &gt;The Free Market does not only mean businesses, it means the community as well, the charity organizations, the people to be free to make the exchanges they want without a third party getting in the way. You can already do those things right now. &gt;Also I assume you know that Jim Crow laws forced businesses to exclude black people, bet a lot of people wished for a free market then. This varied from state to state. It turns out that most businesses were happy to discriminate on their own. &gt;The current state of affairs are due to people like yourself that think the government can solve all your aches and ills and give it more power. No one thinks that. It's like saying, "Cooks believe that all problems can be solved with more cutting." No. Just because they see knives as essential does not mean they see it as a solution for all things. &gt;Makes it all that much easier for bad actors to due harm, like what is happening with Trump and our current police force. Except Trump was largely pushed by free market conservatives, who accurately predicted that he would run government like a business, without understanding why that would be a problem.
&gt; So what's different today? The political calculus has changed. It's like asking, "Why did this football player decide to use this move in scenario A, but not in scenario B?"
In short, it's because conservatives tend to embrace moral theories centered around toxic masculinity, where people are generally bad and need to be beaten into shape. The idea that people will descend into immorality if they aren't saying grace at every meal and visiting church every weak. This moral theory is all about control and authority and signs of strength. This framework ties in with most conservative views in general. For instance, laissez-faire economics is the idea that people should succeed or fail based on hard work, and if they fail, it's because they were weak or lazy. Environmental deregulation is based on the idea that it's our natural place to shape nature to our will. But in this case, let's discuss the justice system, which emphasizes on punishments and being "tough on crime." Addiction is a good example. The conservative answer to addiction is to beat people into sobriety. Liberal moral theory tries to be more nurturing, where people are generally good but simply need help/assistance to reach their potential. When libertarians criticize liberals for being "snowflakes," this is what they're referring to. And again, this ties into liberal views in general. Liberals believe in strong safety nets to help people who would fail for reasons beyond their control. They believe that the environment needs to be protected and preserved. And they generally look for non-penal solutions for problems. They believe that the best way to help addiction is through treatment programs and counseling. And finally, there are libertarians. Like liberals, they believe that people are generally good. But like conservatives, they believe that the role of government is to punishment rather than nurturing. So no safety nets, and no environmental protection. They believe that being tough on crime is one of the few legitimate avenues of government, but they also want to limit what qualifies as a crime. Their solution to addiction is simply to make addiction legal. Over the past 50 years, conservatives have completely won the debate on law enforcement. This is largely due to portrayals in the media, where the hyper violent action hero who doesn't care about the rules is seen as a hero (Dirty Harry), and the people who get in their way are seen as incompetent obstacles. Conservatives have found that they can win elections by accusing liberals of being "soft on crime." And that's how we got to the current state. Police Unions are extremely conservative, even in liberal towns. Because even if the local mayor tries to stop them, the police union will portray the mayor as being "soft on crime" to turn public sentiment against them. Again, this is largely due to favorable portrayals in the media. As a result, democrats have been forced to leave the police alone in order to win elections. In the past, people were conditioned to take police officers at their word. But now thanks to cell phones, we're starting to see just how abusive and corrupt they really are, and how they will lie to your face if they don't think there's a tape. And so liberals finally have an opening to push for demilitarization, and replace it with social programs. Whereas libertarians are either okay with militarization since it's the only essential use of government, or they seek to end it with no replacement. Another main difference is views on race. Conservatives have to downplay the role of racism in society, because that would imply that society needs to be fixed. Unfortunately, by downplaying racism, they also make it a lot easier for police officers to get away with crimes.
&gt;Some of the worst cities in America for police brutality exclusively vote Democrat. But even then, the police unions still tend to be hardcore Trumpists.
This is an incredibly hollow apology.
&gt;Rose City Antifa literally sells merch. My friend sells vegan merch and runs a vegan twitter account, therefore, my friend is the president of all Vegans.
Because Police Unions are Corrupt as fuck, will retaliate against any politician that tries to control them, and actively campaign for Donald Trump.
&gt;Hairstylists have to pass pre employment screening, extensive background checks, polygraphs, mental screening and evaluation, and meet standards and training requirements before employment? Maybe the last one. Everything you listed just now is basically garbage requirements, especially when we see the actual results. The "mental screenings", for instance, seem to be designed in such a way that they'll screen out anyone who's not a sociopath.
You could have gone with a hundred different credible sources criticizing the drug war, and instead you went with RT.
&gt;Because it’s insane to think that I could openly commit 1st degree murder in 2020 and not get prosecuted for it. We just had a lynching recently where literally the only reason was arrested was because one of the lynchers was proud of what he did and made a tape, and then that tape got leaked to the general public. The prosecutors didn't see anything wrong with the tape until after it got leaked.
&gt;So you’re saying he was prosecuted for it? Only after the tape got leaked to the public and people started protesting. Before that leak, the prosecutor was prepared to let him go.
Libertarians in the absolute best case scenario come across as extremely juvenile snow-flaky, "I'm special because I identify as either left or right, I see flaws with both." Nearly everyone people have a libertarian phase growing up, because most teenagers feel like they don't fit in, and libertarianism helps them feel more enlightened about it. This is also why lots of people believe in conspiracy theories. [https://xkcd.com/610/](https://xkcd.com/610/) In the worst case scenario, American libertarianism is extremely socially regressive and was modeled off fringe movements like David Duke, appealing to white nationalists who used "liberty" as a race-neutral justification for opposing the civil rights act. A lot of the most prominent libertarians in America follow this school of thought. They claim to be socially liberal since they believe that gay people should have equal rights, but they don't believe that equal rights means protection from discrimination. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleolibertarianism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleolibertarianism) In recent months, the libertarian ideology took a terrible one-two punch. First, COVID-19 hit, and it meant that the most common criticisms of your ideology were no longer hypothetical. It combined the libertarian stance on vaccines with the libertarian stance on climate change, and accelerated the timeline. Libertarianism is all about individualism, but viral pandemics cannot be solved at the pandemic level, and individuals thinking only in terms of self-interest make the problem a lot worse. When the economy tanked, people needed government assistance, because there was no market solution. People who didn't pay into unemployment were shit out of luck, which shows the value of paying payroll taxes. Lots of libertarians responded by insisting that the virus was a hoax, and no worse than the flu, long after the rest of the country already abandoned those talking points. They also advocated for early re-openings long before people were actually prepare for it, and often protest the wearing of masks. And then George Floyd died. And people started protesting. Libertarians are correct in saying that the police need to be defunded, that the drug war needs to end, and that the police need to be demilitarized. The problem is, they don't really have any solutions for the underlying socio-economic inequalities in America, other than to ignore them and hope the problem fixes itself. Ignoring the problem for the past 50 years is how we got to this problem in the first place. They also don't have any real alternative solutions to the police. For instance, currently the police deal with things like homelessness, mental illness, and addiction. I don't think the police should be in charge of those, but that doesn't mean those problems don't exist. The problem is, libertarians have no solution, because they refuse to pay for things like treatment centers and public counseling. For a long time, people treated libertarians the same way they treated people trying to recruit them into an MLM. They would nod politely and try to end the conversation. But now they don't have that luxury anymore. Silence is violence.
&gt; So why does the cost of cosmetic surgery drop? Because those are all new elective procedures that are scheduled for convenience with very low risk of complications because the high risk patients can be rejected. Again, this is like citing the cost of led bulbs in housing. &gt; These surgeries are "optional". Which is precisely why the comparison fails. Because most life saving procedures are not optional. &gt; If you show up at a hospital, **even if your condition is not life threatening,** the law states they HAVE to treat you regardless of your ability to pay. A broken bone isn't necessarily life threatening. Does that mean a hospital shouldn't treat it? What if a patient is at risk of permanent non life threatening disability? &gt; Seems the Republican critics were right all along. About what? They haven't presented any sort of counter proposal.
&gt; So when your car breaks, should the mechanic fix it for free if you can't pay? People are not cars. Your comparison is still stupid. &gt; Going without food is more life threatening than a broken bone. Yet we don't expect free food. Food stamps. &gt; When I was a child my parents paid $30 to fix my broken bone, no insurance. How old are you? Where did this take place? &gt; The Republicans have suggested hundreds of proposals to lower healthcare costs. All of them were shouted down by Democrats Blatant lie. They controlled all the branches of government for two years and still control the senate, executive branch, and judiciary. They ended up having to shut down their own suggestions because their own suggestions suck.
[https://www.npr.org/2020/05/30/866059206/libertarians-name-2020-candidate-meet-jo-jorgensen](https://www.npr.org/2020/05/30/866059206/libertarians-name-2020-candidate-meet-jo-jorgensen) Jo is a scientist who thinks that catching the flu makes you immune to covid-19.
&gt; Everyone uses roads. Not everyone paying for your quadruple bypass will benefit from it. "Everyone uses doctors. Not everyone will benefit from your road trip." &gt; You want a State run hospital that treats people for free from a waiting list? You can have that now. Nope. People who use the ER get billed for it.
How's your system working out in Somalia?
Do you believe that police unions are run by democrats, yes or no? You still can't answer, because you're claiming "yes" for the sake of making your argument and "no" when I ask you for proof.
&gt; Reforming a murderous police force isn't rocket science. Do you think the use of cell phone cameras were just as common 40 years ago? Heck, do you think that the use of cell phone cameras was just as common even 4 years ago?
&gt; Not murdering black people isn't a "technology". You confusing the means with the ends. &gt; Yeah, just like they did with Rodney King! Absolutely. Remind me again how the jury decided? A jury of 12 people chosen at random unanimously acquitted the officers who were caught on video. But somehow you're convinced that the majority of the general public would be okay with firing an entire police union. &gt; They were called television and newspapers You're back to acting like 13th century rickets are exactly the same as 1960s rockets.
You've been watching way too many movies.
Can you please point to all the BLM leaders who are currently defending police unions right now? Thanks!
&gt; Usually people are not racist towards their own race That depends. Is there a financial incentive involved? Look at Candice Owens for instance.
The libertarian laser like focus on pretending racism isn't real and defending the racist status quo means they're completely ignoring all the calls to Defund the Police.
&gt; Less money= better training? "Let's spend a bunch of people who are only trained in the art of inflicting violence and then spend more money telling them not to use the violence we trained them for." VS. "Hey, maybe we shouldn't be spending this much people who are mainly trained in the use of violence in the first place, and instead focus on finding non violent solutions"
Did you include the npr interview where she thinks the flu makes people immune to covid 19?
&gt; without sacrificing the ability for the police to do their job. You mean their job of inflicting unnecessary violence on the people?
That's what the police unions seem to think the job of the police is. They've successfully argued in court that their job sure as fuck isn't to protect people, and that they have no obligation to intervene when people are being murdered right in front of them.
Police argue they have no obligation to protect people? https://youtu.be/jAfUI_hETy0 Police stand in support of officers assaulting innocent people. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/06/08/us/brevard-county-florida-police-union-misconduct-trnd/index.html
&gt;However, they never say their job is to inflict violence on innocents and your second example doesn't prove that. Do a search for "warrior training" for the police. They specifically train cops to see everyone as an enemy and attack preemptively. There are training videos where police officers are conditioned to believe that every person they meet is an assassin plotting their death, like the parents who used to believe that people were sneaking razor blades inside of Halloween candy. The Minneapolis mayor tried to end the program, and the police union basically said "fuck you, we're doing it anyway."
&gt;Did you not read the definition of the word “influenza” that I do kindly provided you? Guess not. That same source defines "AIDS" as "A disease in which there is a severe loss of the body's cellular immunity, greatly lowering the resistance to infection and malignancy." There are *many* diseases that cause a lack of immunity. That doesn't mean that all of them are considered AIDS by scientists.
&gt; But the people who are healthy or **who have already had the flu** let the economy go on and don't destroy the economy in the process.
&gt;Context is important here, in literally the previous sentence she literally stated “the virus” twice You realize that the flu is also virus, so simply saying "the virus" doesn't contradict the fact that she specifically said the flu?
&gt;you pick a country with a 55 on the economical freedom score You mean the index where the countries at the top of the list have universal healthcare and no private ownership of land? [https://deponysum.com/2019/06/06/economic-freedom-indexes-are-bad-actually/](https://deponysum.com/2019/06/06/economic-freedom-indexes-are-bad-actually/)
&gt; Somália has an economical freedom score of 55 (very low), so no I wouldn't like to live there. Wow, it's almost as if having no regulation actually makes things super shitty, thus disproving your entire premise. &gt; The US dosen't have a free market So which country is more "free" than the US, other than Somalia?
&gt;I think you don't understand the economical freedom score. The bigger the number, the higher the freedom. [False.](https://deponysum.com/2019/06/06/economic-freedom-indexes-are-bad-actually/) &gt; I said helfcare specificaly. But Singapore and sweden both score higher than the US in the index Both those countries have universal healthcare. Which is further evidence that the index doesn't measure what you claim it does.
So you think that you could successfully compete against T-Mobile from your garage tomorrow if not for government regulations? That's a bold claim. If regulations are the only thing preventing competitors, then which specific regulation is getting in your way? What specific regulation is stopping you from creating a successful startup in Somalia?
&gt;I was talking theoreticaly So then you're complaining about theoretical regulations that don't actually exist. Got it. &gt;You are the one that needs to prove your example falls under what we would expect from your logic My example is that T-Mobile and Sprint merged together out of financial self-interest because it benefited them, and not because the government put a gun to their head and forced them to. &gt; If I brought up that in my city That's an anecdote, not a universal truth. If you claim that X is true in all cases, it's not enough to cite 1-2 isolated cases as proof.
&gt;The fact we can be 100% percent certain government intervention happened, but failed to prevent they from existing dosen't exactly help your point either "Giving sick people 100% of all medical treatments will probably kill them, therefore, the best way to help sick people is by giving them no treatment at all." Just because one extreme that no one is asking for is a failure doesn't mean we should be doing the total opposite. We know what happens when we remove all regulations altogether. Somalia.
&gt; Are you implying regulations don't exist? Regulations don't exist for 99% of Somalia.
&gt; And like I said before, Somália has a economical freedom score of 55, So why does a country with zero regulation score only 55? Oh, that's right, because the index doesn't actually measure what you claim it does. Your index has been debunked numerous times. It clearly doesn't measure "freedom."
&gt; Have you looked at their freedom scores? So if I create my own index where I measure libertarians by the numbers of rape convictions, would you accept the conclusion that all libertarians are rapists and all rapists are libertarian? Because that's basically what you're arguing. You're taking a study that measures "libertarian" as "financially successful," rather than measuring actual libertarian policies. That's no different from measuring "libertarian" as "convicted rapist." Somalia has no government intervention, but scores poorly on the index because it isn't successful. Singapore and Hong Kong have a crap ton of intervention, but they score high because they're very successful.
&gt; The fact you would consider a website like that trustworthy tells me I'm wasting my time So what exactly makes the bullshit index you keep referring to trust worthy? Why should anyone believe that it actually measures freedom?
&gt; and saying the consequences of a colapsing government are the fault of deregulation. Nope. Other way around. I'm saying deregulation is the result of the collapsed government. &gt; That's not what anyone is doing and you are yet to provide a single piece of evidence otherwise Liar. https://www.google.com/amp/s/deponysum.com/2019/06/06/economic-freedom-indexes-are-bad-actually/amp/ The problem with the freedom index is that it measures freedom based on things like "fiscal health" and "integrity", rather than actual libertarian policies. So instead of finding a correlation between libertarian policy and success, you've only found a correlation between success and success. Which is useless. Saying "it only counts as libertarian if the country is fiscally healthy" is no different from saying "it only counts as drinking bleach if the person is physically healthy".
"Paying rent is theft. The rental contract is invalid because I was threatened with eviction if I refused to comply. If I think my landlord deserves money, I will send him a charitable donation."
"I was non consensually born in this apartment and I never signed a contract agreeing to pay rent so that means I can stay here for as long as I want for free."
&gt; Comparing countries with different amounts of regulations is impossible Then the entire concept of a "freedom index" is worthless. &gt; If you want specific examples, just look at american helfcare or housing in LA. Except at the countries at the top of the freedom index have universal healthcare and no private ownership of land. Which once again shows why the index is bullshit.
The statues are only a few decades old and last any real artistic value.
&gt;They believe dont in discrimination, they believe that someone should have the right to discriminate from their own property. "Libertarians don't support underaged sex work, they just believe that someone should have the right to hire underaged sex workers on their own property."
Rosa Parks should have just stood up when she was asked to.
&gt; &gt; "Libertarians don't support underaged sex work, they just believe that someone should have the right to hire underaged sex workers on their own property." &gt; &gt; nice completely unrelated strawman How is that a strawman? Are you saying you DO support underaged sex work?
&gt; &gt; I'm afraid that if the baker was forced to make the food that it would not be safe to eat. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; You realize that making discrimination legal doesn't magically prevent racist people from trying to kill people if that's what they want to do, right? &gt; &gt; Remember the time the US made alcohol illegal and everybody was safer? When the War on Drugs succeeded and saved innocent lives? When gun control stopped gang violence and police violence? You sound like a broken bot that doesn't know how to defend your own argument, so instead you just rely on a bunch of generic catch phrases. Like seriously, what does the thing you posted just now have to do with businesses intentionally trying to murder people? &gt; I'm saying that making discrimination illegal would not solve the issue of discrimination. So then it should be legal for a baker to intentionally poison people?
&gt; libertarians believe that children don't own their own bodies and labor. 100% false. Pretty much every prominent libertarian calls for repealing child labor laws, so apparently they *do* believe that children can labor. The entire basis for libertarianism is that property is a natural right inalienable from birth, rather than a legal right granted by society. You cannot reconcile natural rights with age of consent laws. The theory of natural rights was invented at a time when children were seen as mini adults, and child labor and child marriages were common. Lots of mormon cults are still in that mindset. Here's the official libertarian platform on the matter: ["Families and households are private institutions, which should be free from government intrusion and interference. Parents, or other guardians, have the right to raise their children according to their own standards and beliefs, without interference by governmentâ€”unless they are abusing the children. Because parents have these rights, a child may not be able to fully exercise his or her rights in the context of family life. However, **children always have the right to establish their maturity by assuming administration and protection of their own rights, ending dependency upon their parents or other guardians, and assuming all responsibilities of adulthood.** A child is a human being and, as such, deserves to be treated justly ... **We oppose laws infringing on children's rights to work or learn, such as child labor laws and compulsory education laws.**"](http://lpedia.org/wiki/Document:National_Platform_2004) And here is the Murray Rothbard on the topic: ["But when are we to say that this parental trustee jurisdiction over children shall come to an end? Surely any particular age (21,18, or whatever) can only be completely arbitrary. The clue to the solution of this thorny question lies in the parental property rights in their home. For the child has his full rights of self-ownership when he demonstrates that he has them in nature — in short, when he leaves or "runs away" from home. Regardless of his age, we must grant to every child the absolute right to run away and to find new foster parents who will voluntarily adopt him, or to try to exist on his own."](https://mises.org/library/children-and-rights) &gt; A child doesn't have the capacity to own property nor does he have the right to his own labor. The librarian platform clearly believes that children can labor. If children don't own their own bodies, then who does? Can someone else sell their bodies and labor on their behalf? &gt; A business doesn't lose the right to their own property because they built their business in a certain spot. So you'd be okay if I built a business on your front lawn then? &gt; Are those things no longer a crime because by going down that street I indirectly consented to those things. I never directly consented to you prevented me from launching a business on your front lawn, therefore, it's immoral for you to try to stop me. &gt; also, almost all libertarians support "discrimination," but not in the way that your implying. If a whites only building was allowed to open up in the South, can you tell me with absolute certainty that no libertarian would ever patron that business? &gt; However, no real liberatarian supports things like Jim crow laws, slavery, seperate but equal public school choice, government mandated busing and housing discrimination ect. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleolibertarianism Paleolibertarianism is the dominate form of libertarianism in America, and it's modeled directly off David Duke and the KKK. Ron Paul, Murray Rothbard, and Lew Rockwell were all key players in this.
"I'm a 19 year old scientologist. What's your issue with scientology? Do you hate science? Do you want thetan levels to control your lives? Wake up, sheeple!"
