Theft is against the law. Buying weed is not against the law. Not exactly rocket science here, bro. It's not an illegal package. edit: the really nice thing about weed becoming legal is that the business surrounding it will now have the protection of the law. moms who keep trying to do business the old Wild West way are not going to be able to do that anymore. Eventually this will mean no more moms but for now it means they're going to have to stop with their "Tough shit" approach with respect to stolen packs.
Who says you have to change? I've been using my Ego AIO for two years now, and I had another for a year before that. When this one finally dies, I have another one ready to go (frankly, I'm surprised it's survived two years). I put a DTL coil in it, so it gives enough cloud to satisfy me, I don't see why I would ever change.
I quoted the law. What proof did you show?
I will, thanks. You have fun getting your weed stolen and crying about it rather than doing anything.
But he didn't get a pound, did he? The air inside his empty box is 100% legal. God you guys are stupid!
Perhaps you should read them. I know you won't, but I wish you would.
It's kind of peripheral to the point I was trying to make, which got lost in all the comments calling me a retard. The mom will probably refund OP's money rather than get saddled with a police investigation of their illegal business. They probably wouldn't sell to OP again after that, but I doubt he'd want to deal with them again anyways.
What's that? You don't like zero tolerance now?
It stands to reason that Mozilla would be very afraid of having their decision making process co-opted by a mob. It's happened to them before.
I feel like she got a lot better material in the first season. Maybe it was a reaction to the criticisms about the way they wrote the rest of the bridge crew in the first season; they seemed to focus more on everyone else, this season, at her expense. She is uniquely positioned to get a lot of screen time in a flashback story on the Shenzhou. I hope they eventually go there.
Perhaps you could start! Be the change you want to see!
It's not a Netflix for gaming. It's a console that you can only rent. If it were a Netflix for gaming, I'd probably buy it. Since it's just a console, I'll wait until it's hacked and I can play games on it without buying them, like I have with every other console.
Yeah, that seems like a reasonable price, I'd probably pay it, too. They blew it.
It's easy. Criminals aren't viewed as "people", they're "criminals" first. That little bit of dehumanization makes it easy to put them in conditions where they are treated in appalling ways.
If we make "got really angry and didn't handle it well" into grounds for child removal, we're going to need a lot more funding for CPS.
I don't particularly enjoy DPH as a "trip", but my pollen allergies have been brutally severe this year, and I've discovered 100mg of DPH before bed is superior to almost any sleep medication I've ever tried. I'm probably going to keep buying it for my occasional insomnia, after allergy season ends.
It doesn't necessarily imply a higher power, it's more that space is just so damn big that there's so many chances for incredibly unlikely things to actually happen. It's like the lottery; your chance to win is really small when you buy one ticket, but start buying hundreds of trillions of tickets and it's fairly likely you'd win.
I agree that this lady went too far, but it's pretty awful to say that only people who can afford the most expensive care there is, should be allowed to reproduce.
I feel like there's some irony here.
Perhaps they've stolen content from you. Perhaps you should flag their uploads, just in case.
Game of Thrones. Star Trek: Discovery (if you're in the US or Canada). Last night's Jeopardy. The soap my mom likes. You can't get any of those on Netflix, Amazon Video or Crunchyroll, but Kodi addons have them all.
I was actually referring to the whole Brendan Eich thing. They wanted him to stay, but the mob forced him out.
"Alberta Alliance Against Electoral Fraud"
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in OP.
That's a perspective on this issue that I've never heard before, and it's very interesting. Thanks for posting it. :)
Pretty sure nearly everyone finds sharing to be ethically acceptable. The real outliers are the ones trying to nudge public opinion the other way.
You don't need a Chromecast for Stadia, that's just one of the usecases. It's going to be available first on Pixel phones, so when it becomes more widely available, it should work on the XD+ in the same way (whatever that is, an app or the browser). The original XD will be no go, since Stadia requires at least Marshmallow. Don't buy yet if you're buying just for Stadia, we don't have anywhere near all the details yet.
If Stadia is your main interest, you might want to look at the [Powkiddy X18](https://www.cnx-software.com/2019/03/08/powkiddy-x18-low-cost-portable-android-game-console-mt8163/). It's quite a bit cheaper, and less powerful, but that shouldn't matter significantly for Stadia, especially at 720p.
So who do we vote for now? I think the federal Greens are batshit crazy (although I like May), the Liberals are just ewww, and I'd never vote for a Conservative because they don't support my values. Is David Shebib running this time?
I couldn't agree more. As a middle-aged mildly progressive person, I voted for him because he said he had a plan for community broadband (spoiler: he didn't, and hasn't done anything about it), and I deeply regret it. I won't be making the same mistake again.
That's a pretty full apology, and she's taking action against it in a concrete way. I'm willing to accept that.
It's more of a fire hazard than anything. I had a phone where the battery bulged like that and I couldn't get the battery replaced fast enough!
OMG! Was that through the terminal??
Who would buy this, with only 2 seasons down?
I'll stop bashing him as soon as he takes his foot out of his mouth. Probably not going to happen soon.
Of course they are different, but they're undeniably related. I've never heard of anyone making death threats to someone they're happy with. If we're going to start CPS investigations on everyone who makes an idle death threat, that shit's going to be expensive. And, before you try to tell me that this is different, too, I'll draw your attention to the fact that the person she threatened is not dead, and as such, the death threats were idle.
If you won't read a wiki link, why should we waste our time writing something for you that you also probably won't read?
That's roughly ~1.2mm :)
Yeah, it just sucks that we can't have nice things over here. :/
I walked in there, one time, to get a pair of khakis hemmed. They told me I would have to wait 4-6 months, so I left. I figured they're a money laundering thing.
Yeah, it was definitely weird. idk what the deal was, maybe they didn't like the look of me or something.
There was a book, a trade paperback for Voyager...I forget the title, but it focused on the production of *Eye Of The Needle* specifically, and the first season generally. Something happened with the author and it didn't get released until I think the third or fourth season was on. The delay meant it didn't come out when Berman Trek was at its peak popularity after TNG ended, and I don't think it sold well because of that, but it really was a fantastic book. I quite enjoy books about Trek from behind the scenes, but this one really stood out.
It's like swiss cheese with all the exemptions and exceptions. Only the most outrageous cases get those big fines, and even then rarely. We need something with more teeth.
Thank you for all your hard work! :)
I'd be worried about being overrun with anti-vaxxers, juice-fast-cures-cancer nutters, and delusional homeotherapy pushers, with a name like that.
I had an idea. What about user-created discussion series? Say I wanted to discuss Worf's family arc...I reach out to the mod team, get their OK, then I post weekly or biweekly discussion posts for the episodes, tagged "Tired8281's Discussion of Worf's Family arc, part 1: Sins Of The Father" and etc. I know you plan to have official user-directed posts, but I thought this might be a somewhat less formal way to discuss episodes in a plot-directed order. edit: they don't even have to be plot-driven. "Tired8281's Top 10 worst episodes of DS9, part 1: Move Along Home".
I know what you're getting at, and you're not wrong, but it's sentiments like this that have pushed "journalism" to the sensationalized place it's in, today. If mopping the tables got the same kind of click rate as dead white women, maybe journalism would be better as a whole.
But it's still a long way from launch (in the metaphor and otherwise). I'm not going to flip out about a problem until I'm sure it's a problem. Adblocking on Chrome works exactly the same way it did yesterday, and tomorrow it'll be the same. I'll worry about Q4 2020 when it gets closer.
Are we the guys in white? edit: yes we are.
Of course they did. They have more power right now than they ever had before, and likely will ever have again! I'm sure donors are falling all over themselves to buy them.
This is a pretty cool game (basketball, I mean)! It really shows the power of teamwork, and it's just as fast as hockey. edit: reminds me of football, too. You get the ball into the zone then see where your dudes are to set up the play. How come nobody told me this was so awesome?
Wut? I never said any of that. I said that people who want things donate to political parties that they think will advance those aims. I don't know where you got the rest from.
That's why I suggested requiring mod approval. You don't want too many.
That just means your dog is crazy smart. He knows that big bangs aren't going to hurt him, cuz his human wouldn't let him go there if it was dangerous, so he's chill. That's awesome. :)
Whatever happened to that time-honoured Star Trek tradition of men getting their shirts ripped off?
I'm not seeing the downside here...
You guys! First, the changes get discussed, and some people cry "The sky is falling!!!" and you guys freak out. Then Google comes out and says flat out that they plan to keep the sky up in the heavens, and you guys are all "Well, idk, let's wait and see...". Nothing will satisfy you!
I was in grade school when it happened, and my mom worked for Union Carbide. She was a secretary, we were pretty far removed from it all in Canada, and I was way too young to really understand, but it was weird to see all this scary stuff on the news and then turn to mom and say "Hey, isn't that where you work?"
Psychedelic medicine does not necessarily imply a rejection of modern medicine. A lot of these "trendy" spiritual medicine revolve around rejecting modern medicine because the modern medicine contradicts or falsifies it. Psychedelics can often feel very spiritual, so it's easy to understand why people lump them in with woo treatments, but they're not the same deal at all. Lucky for us, psychedelic treatments should have decently measurable results, so it won't be forever till we have a significant enough body of research results to convert even the biggest doubters, and psychedelic medicine can graduate from the fringe position it occupies now and can take its rightful place with the rest of the body of medical knowledge.
That's super interesting! I think we need a fuller understanding of how exactly the brain exerts these controls, and how we can manipulate and control that, before we can shortcut to using psychedelics to evoke these effects. Right now it seems like using psychedelics to obtain these benefits is like using a shotgun to kill a fly...it might be effective, but if it is, it's by accident. The bottom line is that we need to do so much more research. There's definitely something there, we just gotta figure out exactly what.
Jesus Christ, lefties, get better at hyperbole! I'm sick of seeing your bullshit tryhard poseur shit here!
Relationships. You might get a meal if you dive around, but if you want a consistent meal you need to create connections and leverage them. Get a pack of smokes, maybe a couple joints, and find some staff of a restaurant. Kitchen people nearly always smoke, find where and when they smoke, befriend them, offer some smokes or a joint or two when appropriate, and don't hide who you are. When the time is right (you'll know), broach the subject. If you're lucky, you'll find out what they toss and when, so you always have an option. If you're really lucky, your new friends will feed you stuff they don't need/can't use. Corporate places get all pissy, so focus on mom-and-pop places. Do this right, and you'll never be hungry, and you'll have bros.
Seems too obvious to me. Google's been in the ad game for a long time, now. Why did they wait all these years to suddenly decide to block blocking ads? And Google knows better than almost anyone, don't pick fights with genius hackers! If things really are as bad as the rags say, and Google really does cripple adblocking entirely, that's just a giant target on them, for some hotshot to devise a novel way of blocking ads effectively within the new rules. That's how adblocking started! You can't beat the entire internet, and Google knows that, too. I know Google's not perfect (lol), and they've made more than a few questionable decisions, but I still believe the people who work there are good people. We've seen quite a few examples of Google employees protesting against management decisions. I really do think that if there was an articulated strategy within Google to remove the possibility of blocking ads, that many of their employees would recognize that it's a bad idea, and would protest against it. edit: also, I think on some level Google gets what we're feeling when we choose to aggressively block ads. They've gone to a fair bit of trouble to set up ads that are intended not to piss you off as much. They're not perfect, but there's much more scummy ad companies out there.
So, if some asshole makes an extension with Hello Kitty rules (for example), each Hello Kitty rule counts against the global 150k limit and takes directly away from the amount available for adblocker rules? That doesn't make sense at all.
The cigs and joints are just lubricant. You can do it without but having something small to give makes it easier and faster to break the ice.
I hadn't read that he is throwing in the towel, delisting uBo, and retiring from development. Got a link?
Ok, then where is this $15,200 going to? Police officers? Let's see. Assuming they need 10 cops, who all start work at 8AM and who end their day at 2PM after the ceremony ends and people have dispersed. That means at $15,200, they are making over $250/h. Sound right to you? OP that I replied to, who currently sits at +15, said &gt; $15,200 might be the cost paid by the city to the legislature for using the lawn, but I cannot imagine this is anywhere close to what Remembrance Day services actually cost the city. Where is it all going, if $15,200 isn't even enough for it? This isn't Canada Day, nobody is bringing beer and parties to Remembrance Day.
No. You had one fact more than the person I responded to. Read my comment again. Here, let me quote it for you. &gt; #**IF** the BC government is charging the city $15k to allow people to honour vets, then WTF and we should totally go after the BC gov't to waive that shit! This was in response to: &gt; #$15,200 might be the cost paid by the city to the legislature for using the lawn, but I cannot imagine this is anywhere close to what Remembrance Day services actually cost the city. I think OP is bullshit in that the city is not paying $15,200 to rent the fucking lawn. Work on your reading comprehension.
&gt; entitlement by veterans Yeah, they're so entitled, fighting and suffering and dying for our freedoms. What a bunch of assholes for doing that for us!
I voted for him because he said he had a plan for community broadband. I contacted him after he was elected, so he could tell me more about his plan for community broadband, and how I could help make that a reality. I never heard from him again on the subject (although I certainly got his fundraising blasts!), and we haven't lifted a finger on community broadband in Victoria. Next election, I am going to knock on doors to tell people not to vote for him, and I will pay out of my own pocket to print flyers and leaflet explaining why. Isitt says he's disappointed how the Nazi's are repressing him and discouraging people from engaging with the political process...well there you go, Ben, now I'm engaged in the process against you.
Why is it that the answer to everything these days is to give the government more money?
If they ever do go there, I hope they take advantage of the budget and the state of CGI to make it really different. The other alien pregnancies we've seen have been kinda a cop out. Kira's Bajoran pregnancy was basically the same (achoo!). Kes gave birth from her back, which we mostly saw from the front, so no details visible. Even Trip's nipple was a pretty minor effect. I wanna see something like Vilix'Pran, but actually onscreen.
It's an easter egg, referencing the old file copy time remaining message.
You don't know what you've got till it's gone. There's a million increasingly bizarre craft beers in every store here but nothing as refreshing as Moosehead.
Dude, draught Guinness + yam fries = heaven. :)
Noted, thanks! I don't usually make it up that way but now I have an excuse. :)
CBD isn't for everyone. I looked into it for my elderly mother, and it turns out it's specifically contraindicated with another thing she takes.
A blood thinner. Apparently CBD does something with one of the CYP enzymes, so that other drugs that are metabolized by that enzyme go through your system faster (I might have that backwards, I'm not a doctor). She needs to have the blood thinner working at all times or she'll probably die so CBD isn't an option for her. Which is too bad, she also has night terrors and I bet CBD would be the cat's ass for that.
I dunno about that. I'm not a lot older than you, and I remember needing bags full of batteries to use a Gameboy on vacation, whereas today a battery not much bigger than 4 or 5 credit cards taped together gets me a full day of quite a bit more heavy use in my smartphone than my Gameboy ever got. I guess it depends on the scale you're looking at.
Well, I was assuming there is some kind of testing to make sure their skills are up to Canadian standards. There's a lot of people who come here to get a Canadian medical education at a Canadian school who would probably be really good candidates for something like this. Obviously we don't want to give a free ride to any random Joe who says he's totally a doctor.
Thanks, I was pretty sure I had the details wrong. :)
What was involved in modding it? Can it emulate PS1? I'd probably enjoy modding it more than actually playing it, at least when I'm ganked out.
"OMG women are being oppressed by clothing! Let's take away their right to wear what they want!"
A lot of people are extremely opposed to the notion that someone might pay money for a better piracy experience. For some, it's because back in the day there were a lot of bogus "services" that claimed to improve your pirating experience but didn't actually help or really do anything. Others because to them, piracy = free, and thus anyone who pays for better piracy is a sucker that they are much smarter than. These are ideological conflicts, and no amount of convincing will sway people who hold these beliefs. I think a lot of the bad reviews we see for Real Debrid comes from these people wanting to dissuade people from paying for the service, and knowing if they just post "hahahahahahaha stupid sheeple paying for free stuff! trololololol", nobody will read it and it'll probably get removed.
No, they'll ban you if you go to their forums and start asking for help with Kodi there. For understandable reasons, they don't want to appear connected to Kodi addons. If you need help with RD and Kodi addons, you want to ask here, not there.
&gt; Hate the “higher than thou” attitude from Canadians. It's the weed.
"Prune juice, extra large!"
Yeah, that's what I figure, too. 20 year old nerd, going to meet some internet ho, he probably figured I'd fill his spank bank to the brim. Unfortunately, back then they had even less scrutiny than they do now, and I had no choice but to let him publicly humiliate me.
I'd be happy to sell it to you!
I doubt that would be a huge problem. The overwhelming majority of people are going to want to buy their own, and the odd person who forgot to bring one are only going to take the one they need. There might be one or two people who use it as their primary supply, but they're likely poor and the city can afford to subsidize them.
That's the heart of this issue. It goes both ways. Quebec wants to church to be barred from interfering with the state, but it wants the state to interfere with the church. And that sets aside the issue this article talks about, how it looks like a dogwhistle for putting racial minorities "in their place". It's interesting that Quebec has implemented a "values test", because the values they are demonstrating do not correspond with my values as a Canadian.
Alberta didn't elect Kenney for him to offer olive branches. Notley might have done that, but not Kenney. Alberta wants baseball bats. They'll accept nothing less than owning the damn hippies.
I said something dumb to my girlfriend once, and managed to get myself out of it by quoting Tom Paris. She even said Belanna's line, even though I'm positive she'd never seen the episode or even knew it was a reference.
This is one I could really see happening. The actors aren't that much older, they could probably still convincingly play those characters with a 15 year time jump. That puts it around 2170, an era that hasn't been explored much. We know some of what happens after the series ends from the readout they got on the Defiant...Enterprise is decommissioned (so they don't need to recreate the sets), Archer gets increasingly important diplomatic jobs (so maybe he's not in every episode, so he can still do NCIS). They'd even have an opportunity to retcon some of the season 4 finale if they wanted to (inaccurate holodeck recreation). I'm sure they won't, but it's probably more feasible than a lot of shows people have suggested here.
Fair enough. 4 was real good, too. You should consider picking up the Sanderson books if you liked 4 that much, they are full of callbacks and payoffs from 4.
No, Magic cards are addictive, these ones are just radioactive, not nearly as bad.
Whereabouts on Vancouver Island did they go? Like, just anywhere or were there certain places? Can you link some of these few articles for us? Thanks!
If, by "nearing" the endgame, you mean "Only 4.9 years remaining", then I agree.
The events of Endgame are just so huge that I don't think the MCU is going to be able to get past it for a while. As far as we know it's at least a year before we could potentially have a film that will advance the storyline significantly. Plus it's probably wise for them to wait until most people have seen Endgame before making films that depend heavily on having seen it. Sure, we've all seen it but there's probably lots of people waiting for it to hit Netflix.
What service it is on is peripheral to my point, that some people won't see it till it's available that way.
I have nothing useful to add, except to say that I initially read the title of your post as "Cannot connect connectivity garlic", which prompted some amusing thoughts about garlic-based networking.
That isn't really true. Cable TV started by rebroadcasting channels that broadcasted over-the-air, so people who couldn't get a signal where they were at could watch. The TV shows were initially commercially sponsored, which eventually transitioned to paid commercials. There wasn't special cable-only channels that didn't have commercials, aside from HBO.
That's exactly my point. &gt;!I'm expecting FFH to be more "whoa, that happened" than advancing the overall storyline. Black Widow is a prequel. By the time they start moving forward, it'll be over a year since Endgame came out.!&lt;
I'm going to miss the ever-increasingly entertaining articles about this whole deal. Many laughs over the years!
I don't get it. I know for a fact zopiclone is effective for insomnia. It's no better than benzodiazepines and has all the same problems, but it definitely works.
Am I the only one who worries about why they're doing this now?
I think OP should box Trudeau, you know, for science.
The real illusion is the existence of "ego death".
My Android tablet is 3 years old. It so perfectly and flawlessly performs the tasks I want from it (Netflix and YouTube), that I can't imagine ever replacing it. I replaced the battery in it recently, and bought a spare for whenever this one dies. As long as I don't crack the screen, I might use it forever.
That's one of the many unique things about *Community*. The "main character" was almost entirely unlikeable.
So, you'd prefer they be illegal for everyone?
A good chunk of those people live in Halifax, which has its own history with a forced amalgamation. I don't think you understand how unpopular it would be if it were imposed there. There'd be riots.
"Surprise, You're Dead!" by Faith No More. :)
No way. The cartoon was already called Bible, it'd be way too obvious for them to rip off the plot from The Bible, too.
Have a good time. :)
Was it really a surprise? I felt they'd been telegraphing that for a long time now, back to the first season.
Fermented fish guts is Worcestershire sauce, which is good in the right recipe. It's nothing like ketchup.
How does that relate to his question?
And no one is telling. Prophecy fulfilled!
It won an Emmy.
Between this episode and *Genesis*, also written by Braga, it's clear that Braga only has a Crocoduck level of understanding of evolution. He thinks it means anything can change into anything else.
"Re-elect Doug Ford! He's used to it now!"
Because Alberta is the only place in the universe where fuel can be found, and that's why we have no choice but to put up with your shit. Oh, wait, none of that is true! Thank God!
"We heard you want a Pike show, so here's 15 minutes with Spock and Number One."
Sorta looks like the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but it's not. CB+ has about a centimetre of case bezel between the side of the keyboard and the edge of the device. This one only has a few mm. edit: it's also possibly Photoshopped, which means all bets are off. That CTRL key looks weird at the edge with the curve.
Trek has a pretty significant history with executives claiming they heard the fans loud and clear, then proceeding to throw fans a tiny bone before proceeding to do what they want. I hope a 15 minute short isn't the entire extent of the exploration you speak of.
Arbitrage. If everyone could easily access the pills by prescription, there'd be no market for them.
Damn. Given those choices, that's who I'd pick, too. How sorry is that?
Sounds like something the 'take the money' BC Liberals would implement. Never again!
See? That's how little I know, I don't even know the correct little prefix.
Like Adrian Dix did in BC? He took an election that was his to lose, and lost it, by doing what you suggest.
You are in for a lifetime of disappointment, PEI lady. There's a zillion medical procedures they don't do on the island.
Absolutely. That's exactly what it is. And it's the best at that.
I bought a Windows tablet, back in 2015, because of Project Astoria, so I could run Android tablet apps on Windows. Then they cancelled that. So I sold my Windows tablet and bought a Chromebook that runs Android apps out of the box. Am I going to buy another device from Microsoft on the promise of Android apps? Hell, no!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm really drunk, and she is, too.
AMD designed PowerPC?
One standard HDMI port, plus some pins where interested people can attach a second display &gt; requiring everyone to buy an adapter.
That's kinda my point. I'm surprised their chip designer didn't leave sooner, it's been a while since the last 360 die shrink, and all he would have done since then was rubber stamp what AMD has done.
It's not illegal but it's definitely against Reddit's Terms Of Service.
That's it exactly. He's going to have more fulfilling work in his chosen field with Intel. Good for him!
Probably. I totally didn't get it, I was just going for the most ridiculous example I could think of of a job that would be grossly unsuitable for a pregnant woman. Pregnancy doesn't always have to come back to fucking (except in that, pregnancy always comes back to fucking).
What can they do? If the kid didn't feel that he could trust the doctor to maintain confidentiality, he never would have been honest with him in the first place.
Tariffs can be good if properly implemented. For example, I would welcome a tariff being placed on Canadian medication, so that anyone who wants to import a Canadian medication to the US would pay a tariff. Whatever happened to 'Buy American!'?
You can buy ondansetron, way way cheaper, if you buy it by the gram. I pay a little over $50/g for it, which gives around 40 doses.
So their solution is to drag us down to where they are? Why don't they regulate prices?
I think the Reddit Switcharoo is dead. You're too late.
Mind if I ask you something? I've never met anyone other than my mom who has this, so I've never had the chance before. How's your iron?
Perhaps I have some serious GI issues. :)
Then I guess it's good that you're not my doctor, and I'm not on a prescription.
My mom is the same, "pernicious anemia", they call it for her, but it's the same deal, no intrinsic factor, needs B12 shots. She also got diagnosed in her teens, but she's in her 70's now, and she's having trouble absorbing iron now, too. They can't figure out why, and I thought maybe it might be something related to the B12 thing, since it's also a problem with absorption.
Then why do Americans need to import our medicines? Fix your own shit.
Ah, I see, and IP law doesn't exist in other countries, and that's why buying stuff from places like Canada where there's no laws at all, is cheaper. Thanks for clearing that up. Price controls are not idiotic when pricing is out of control. That's what happens when things get out of control, they get controlled. That's why we use those particular words (oh shit, calling to your reading comprehension, a tactic doomed to fail!).
https://www.drugshortagescanada.ca/
We already have trouble supplying the drugs Canadians need to Canadians. Adding an additional country, ten times our size, will stretch that even thinner. Also, American Pharma companies, some of whom are multinational and do business in Canada (or have stakes in Canadian pharma) aren't just going to stop lobbying and go home, they will start lobbying here if there is a potential profit in it. I don't see how we will avoid ending up in the same place as the US with that kind of pressure being brought to bear on us. It's not like we're somehow immune to corruption.
How about we reduce barriers and obstructions to investigating electoral fraud? Seems like a good place to start.
It's easy to have zero personality when you're screwed out of face time by the edit.
Not too late to get in on some season 39 action...
I'd take that bet for a different season...
Oh. Might have specified the year in the title.
I think we're going to have to agree to disagree. We look at the same evidence and interpret it in different ways. Unless a body is forthcoming, or a public appearance, we'll probably never know which of us is right.
That's not nearly as bad as the headline makes it out.
You're irrelevant. You asked how long it took to make 50 episodes, implying it was a monumental task. The Star Trek people did it five times in as many years. You can move the goal posts all you want but that fact remains.
I don't know who Greg Berlanti is. Does he make a show that incestuously shares storylines, sets and actors with one another? The Chicago shows that air now are another example.
Actually, importing 300,000 refugees every year would reduce our per-capita emissions.
This sounds a lot like the "expanding the pipeline will make gas cheaper in Vancouver" argument that is going around. Providing more products for export doesn't necessarily correspond to an increase in products available for domestic consumption.
Certain kinds of pain, it's fabulous for. Those T1's they sell OTC in my country are the only thing that gives me any relief when I get my allergy migraines in the spring.
Glad to help. Finally, my wasted youth is good for something! :)
Who wouldn't?
I love how they have the link where we can actually speak directly to the government in fine print on the bottom. Shows where their priorities are.
I wonder if he printed it out and ate it?
You write well. I'd enjoy more stories from you.
I wasn't completely positive about the post, and I didn't know everything there is to know, both mortal Reddit sins.
It's currently fashionable to hate on Google for privacy.
I've never been there. Do they have a turkey burger? I've got a craving.
In my headcanon, Armus was cast off by the Ba'ul after they patched things up with the Kelpians.
Who does have a great turkey burger, then? I get that it's not the most common ingredient but I'm feeling it rn.
Ohh, I have a coupon for them here. Guess I know where I'm going for dinner tonight. Thanks!
My interpretation is much funnier. ;)
Keep posting! This is cool stuff. :)
Sounds like we're on the same page. I just think it's stupid for the Liberals to Osbourne Effect themselves by giving some unclear statement the other parties can easily use against them, shortly before a federal election. If they don't have anything concrete to say on the topic, they should just not go there right now, saying something vague is the worst look they could have gone for, since it can be simultaneously cast as something really bad by one side, and not nearly enough by the other side.
Probably. But it won't last. People aren't going to pay for ten different services, they'll spring for one or two, maybe three. Most of these new services will fail in 5-10 years, and we'll eventually see things aggregate again. Amazon will survive, because it's secondary to Prime, Disney+ will survive because Disney (unless they totally botch it technically, which I doubt they will), Netflix will survive but probably be acquired by someone with deep pockets, as it will need to hemorrhage money for probably a decade if it wants to be still standing when things re-aggregate. The only network streamer that has any chance to survive is CBS All Access, because they have a significant head start on the likes on NBC, as far as exclusive content, and they have a franchise that sells itself in Star Trek. Even with all that, it'll be a tough row to hoe.
It's really worth it to take a couple hours to learn how to configure Kodi, set up a few addons and install and configure a skin you like. Once you understand that, you can set up Kodi on any sort of device, just as easily. You can nuke your setup from orbit and set it up again in a different way if you want. The world's your oyster. :)
What? It never was anything but a joke. How is that not obvious? The post I replied to says a disaster is impossible. I responded with the meme.
That's reading a lot into what was said. I'm not so sure. If they really didn't give a shit, like you say, they'd have done it already. They're in power now, no one can stop them as it is. I agree with you in that new imaginary boundaries between legal weapons and illegal weapons are useless and won't help anything, I'm just not so sure it's such a huge priority for them as the Conservatives would like us to think.
I don't see the problem. Nuclear power is incredibly safe, and I'd love cheaper, cleaner power.
Ok, so it's more like a couple hundred thousand households for one reactor. Not quite condo scale, more like city scale. Still, would probably be useful for places that are isolated.
I hate it when I get the trots.
I've seen some pretty smart people drop ironic pop culture references, more than once.
Very nice! I'll have to give this a go with my 1st gen.
Thor: Extended Edition
I miss the good old days like everybody else, but I still get a couple nice things a year, in exchange for about 10 minutes a day spent on Swagbucks. That's enough for me. I got a tablet a few months ago, going to get a gamepad for it in a couple weeks and a 512GB microsd in a month or two, and all I had to do was watch my phone play videos while I do other stuff, play a few rounds of Swagasaurus, and flunk out of 2 or 3 surveys a day.
You're lucky. A cake like that couldn't possibly be crumby.
idk man, I do around 60-80SB a day, plus the odd daily goal bonus and one 1000SB and a couple 500SB Spin &amp; Wins. I'm pretty sure most people could make that amount, and that's enough for me to get $140 worth of electronics in six months.
How did the natives get the lands?
That's not my Canada.
Perhaps you should ask them.
I think Corinne really understood that she was there to play a character and to be entertaining, and she just pulled out all the stops. I think she was successful in being entertaining. She can't be like that all the time in real life or she'd have no friends at all, but it made great TV.
So, what are you suggesting? That that's the other rat's great great great great great great great great great great grandfather?
I'm sure if you're respectful and show that you're genuinely interested, it'll be cool. I'd look into talking to elders, the kind of info you're looking for would only be found in their ancient oral traditions.
The horses are legally protected, so step 3 in your plan is "Go to jail".
Google has already clearly stated that they don't plan to kill adblockers. But that isn't enough for you guys, you gotta drink the Kool-aid and push your conspiracy theories. I'm getting sick of it. When Manifest v3 is actually in a shipping product, and all the smart developers working on adblocking *actually* can't make their products work, then get worried. Otherwise, you're wasting your time and ours.
Because Finland has so many Canadian Tire locations. Glad they specified.
Yeah, but you have to opt in to it, it's not factory installed in every car. If you're dumb enough to opt in, not much I can do to help, but I sure don't want it in my car.
Oh, I'm sure that won't be necessary. Just build a pipe from City Hall and we can raise and lower it on Ben Isitt's hot air.
Sure. Buy a deep fryer.
Mele F10 Deluxe works great with my Shield TV. It can map two other IR devices, so I have it set to control my TV and my AVR. Works great.
Could you run OpenWRT in some kind of container? If so, you could use the remaining capacity for other containers. I've often thought that would make a nifty project, containerized router, NAS, and HTPC all running on a single box.
Now I see why Google is trying to kill adblockers.
Wow! And here I thought it was for Alberta to stop oil shipments to Saudi Arabia.
OP didn't ask about what one thing I'd change about Motorola that's realistic or likely to happen. I don't care what Google's aims were, I just want a 2019-specced Moto X, that's designed similarly to the original.
There is no Blu-ray of Voyager.
Anything. Everything. Whatever I can get my hands on.
It starts to suck when you're full to bursting and you can't stop.
You forgot something. Per capita emissions go down as you add immigrants. There's more capitas for the existing per.
I'm adding on some shrimp, some pasta, and a decent amount of alcohol. Plus I got some fingerfood stuff coming up later on, and a big box of chocolate I've been working on since Xmas.
Thanks for the heads up, this one looks like a doozy!
If it's a standard computer power cable, like everyone is saying, I have lots. I'd be happy to give you one when I get home on the weekend.
Some won't ever be, others might eventually be offended but not right away. You might want to consider whether or not it matters if they are offended or not; it might be that in your situation, not offending people is less important than basic survival needs.
What "other system functionality" do you lose, or is that just FUD?
What about some cheap phone, that you can install whatever authenticator apps you need, get them set up, then shut it off completely and only power it on when you need to 2FA?
UUU splleed *ettzzolaaan mit wyuyrgnggg* wrrrog.
I was referring to the statement from Dell, where they said that if you buy the ME disabled SKU, you lose functionality. The FUD would be them scaring people into not getting that SKU, for fear of losing Wifi or something important.
I think it would look better with the handle in the front like a unicorn horn.
He kinda did kill himself, just much later.
I did just shy of $600CDN. Not too bad, averaging $50/m. $400 of that came in the last six months, but I hadn't been putting in much effort on beermoney for a year or so until the last six months or so, so that's understandable. I'm going to see how January looks before I think about goals for next year. I definitely want to get a 4K TV, so that'll probably be my next thing.
My perception may be coloured by what I'm seeing in Canada, which definitely looks like they want to limit juice manufacture to companies with million dollar clean rooms.
That's what happens when your algorithms remove all positive information on a topic...all that's left is negative info.
Lots of people get bartarded and hide their stash, very few of them leave a treasure map for later. +++
It's all in the link you posted. Specifically [here](https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1263715). This will make it a 5GB partition, then just use something like GParted to resize it to the rest of the card size.
There's literally no chance I'm going to spend $20,000 on a clean room so I can keep mixing my own juice for my own personal consumption. And I shouldn't have to. But I might, if the "bathtub juice" narrative continues and they cripple DIY.
They already tried to do that, by declaring that possession of more than four bottle of flavoured juice meant "intent to sell"!
Michigan. "(3) A person who possesses four or more flavored vapor products, or flavored alternative nicotine products is rebuttably presumed to possess said items with the intent to sell. "
He tapdances on water. It inspired Riverdance, true story.
I wonder why Quebec even bothered with the Quiet Revolution, if they were just gonna replace the paternalism of the church with a paternalist government.
Nothing is going to "stop" opiates. We've tried criminalization, for nearly 100 years now, and it hasn't worked. Why do you think it will? The idea behind decriminalization is to stop people from dying at random when they don't need to die. They're going to do drugs anyways. What is gained by making their lives that much harder for it? I'm convinced that a low cost (**NOT FREE**, addicts can pay the 35 cents a dose that it would cost just fine, they could pick bottles for an hour a day for that) government supplied safe supply would save us an incredible amount of money from health and policing costs, with nearly no drawbacks. Yes, people are going to be high, but, like I said, they were going to do that anyways.
Nobody's going to go buy a flap of heroin for $50 (or whatever, idk what the current price is) when they can get high on pharmaceutical hydromorphone, provided by the government for 35c a dose. Even if the government marked it up to a buck a dose, there's still no way the illegal market can compete with that. And supply is easy, millions of doses come out of the factories every day. They just place a bulk order.
lol what doesn't draw the ire of the US these days?
Are people randomly dying from stealing? Are speeders dropping dead in their cars when the speedometer hits 130? That's the difference.
That's the proposal they are looking at in BC for hydromorphone substitution. edit: [link](https://globalnews.ca/news/5891451/vancouver-opioid-vending-machine/)
I think his server is pretty insignificant, compared to Reddit's hugs.
CBD is the weirdest scam. It's a product that actually works, if you can find a product that actually has CBD in it, that's in a form that makes sense (such as not a pillow), for a price that's not ludicrous.
Do you have an Amazon Echo? If so, what does your wife think of it? If not, would your wife respond to 'Alexa, play despacito'? How about if you said 'sudo' first?
Reem meme!
The regulatory and cultural hangover we have from 100+ years of prohibition is going to take some time and effort to cut through, and we might need to consider options we wouldn't have considered in order to get our society as a whole into a more healthy place. I very much like the approach they are taking [in Vancouver](https://globalnews.ca/news/5891451/vancouver-opioid-vending-machine/), providing addicts with a safe supply from a (very atypical, very secure, biometrically authorized) vending machine. If things were in a good place right now, it'd be crazy, but we need to stop the deaths, and once we've stopped the bleeding or cut it down a lot, then we can re-examine things. I think a system like this, which could destroy the illegal opiate market via market forces, might be a good thing for us to have for a while. Once the illegal market is destroyed, and the death rates slowed significantly and the opiate crisis somewhat mitigated, then we can look at whether we still need a substitution program. Maybe by then, proper education will have made hard drug use somewhat like how tobacco smoking is now, among the young people.
I think that's a Mi Box 4. Maybe try this: https://www.cnx-software.com/2016/04/12/how-to-change-language-to-english-and-install-apps-remotely-on-xiaomi-mi-box-3-enhanced/
How about a tax evasion tax, where anything you do that changes your tax liability for the next say 7 years, in excess of $10 million dollars, leaves you needing to pay whatever the highest amount would have been before you made the changes. It would be monstrously unfair, of course, but life isn't always fair.
What happened with the Xbox One and EDRAM?
Oh. Then you'll need a VPN.
In ten years you won't be able to give them away.
Let it go. You're free now. It doesn't have to define you anymore, it has no power.
I thoroughly agree with you on that, but that's a long term goal. Right now, we need to stop the deaths. If addicts die from tainted drugs, they can never get clean.
lol clickbait. The Greens aren't going to force an election, they're not that stupid. A new election would almost certainly result in a NDP majority, which would take away all the power the Greens currently have. The odds of them coming out kingmaker, for a second time, aren't favourable (and the odds of them forming government are zero, where we are right now).
You realize we're all trolling you because you blew up, right? Your reactions are really quite entertaining. Fuck Shit McFuck, amirite?
If using Linux == "hacking, cracking, phishing" then their own email servers should be reported to the email blacklists. They just admitted their guilt.
It's not like we were gonna read it, anyways.
Well, that's what I mean about the unique position. Even if the suit is unsuccessful, it would still force them to go to court and answer for their actions. It might have a deterrent value, scare them into not being so blatant with the next person.
Whine whine whine! ChromeOS isn't Windows, so if you base a comparison on how Windows-like it is, it's always gonna fail. And if that's a fair comparison, then judging Windows on how ChromeOS-like it is should also be fair, and Windows fails like week old shit there.
Didn't they say that about arcade machines, home consoles, and gaming PCs? Never say never in tech.
You should see CBSAA in Canada. No Star Trek at all. No Twilight Zone. Even first party CBS shows like Survivor are put up seven days after air (as if anybody is interested in last week's episode!). I don't see why anyone would pay for it.
idk why he didn't just call the cops. As soon as the cabbie refused to return it, he's in possession of stolen property.
lol tell me more about things you don't know about. A floor-sized CPU right now would be much worse than your phone, because interconnect tech isn't there. That's why they make CPUs with smaller features as the tech advances, because that increases performance. But, by all means, tell me more about how the future can only be how you conceive it to be, it's quite entertaining.
Repeating the same thing over and over doesn't magically make it true, President Trump.
We can breathe underwater, with the SCUBA gear that a smart person invented. How the fuck did you miss that?
Tell that to Einstein. He grew up being told no one could ever beat Newtonian physics, and yet here were are in the nuclear age. There are more things in this universe than you can conceive of, and if you disagree, you're not only wrong, you're arrogant as fuck.
And all I am saying is that "everything we know about computing right now" isn't everything there is to know. That's what everyone is whining and puling and bitching about to me in this thread. And none of you will ever convince me that we have learned all that is learnable and know all that is knowable. So give it up!
I wouldn't blow your retirement money just yet. I never said it was possible any time soon. But there's an awful lot of years between now and the final collapse of the universe, and a lot of shit is going to happen between now and then.
EVERYONE IS TRYING TO CONVINCE ME OF THAT! This discussions started when I said "never say never in tech". That was my only point!
Tell me, how did we get that atomic theory of which you speak?
Words to live by.
Would you care to elaborate?
I don't go anywhere with that understanding. It's just for me to be a more rounded person, with a better understanding of the people around me. Although occasionally it can be a lot of fun to get shot in the no-man's land of someone else's echo chamber when I just can no longer resist pointing out bullshit.
From the echo chambers? Yes and no. I've never been changed from any of my core beliefs, but I have realized that feelings and motivations that I put on some groups weren't quite what they were thinking and feeling. I don't think I've been sucked in, but they have helped to pierce some of the wrong ideas that I had gotten from my own echo chambers.
That's precisely my point, and very concisely put. I don't see why this is so controversial.
Sounds like you don't mind spending some money on a better experience. I strongly suggest getting a Real Debrid subscription. For about a buck a week it will change your entire experience.
This seems like an 09F9 kinda moment. Where are all the mirrors?
I may be stubborn but I'm not as entitled as you, Mr. "I can't be bothered to ask my question nor can I be bothered to read the answers so can you spoon feed me right now".
I'm in Canada, and I'd prefer my nic didn't cross any borders, plus 100mg base is illegal up here (I can't believe I live in a world where I had to say that!). Is there a way to do the argon myself?
Backup still works, and it's still in the official repo. Since you're here, you use addons, so make sure you go into the settings on Backup and turn on Addon Data, it's not turned on by default.
I wonder if he had to go through customs.
I'm sure they studied James, too. They'd be stupid not to. Jeopardy has a metagame at this level.
I didn't like the poutine pizza but I sure miss being able to get cheese curds as a pizza topping on their other pizzas.
Where the fuck are these 'dual users'? Do they hang out with the unicorns?
Why wouldn't he? There are two types of people on this Earth; those who have watched *The Expanse*, and those who ought to.
I just don't like all this bullshit propaganda that says we're all liars, secretly smoking tobacco while not admitting to it. It's funny how everyone just assumes we're all lying vape industry shills, while they take as gospel truth whatever bullshit teenagers say when they claim they're not in the hospital for contaminated THC vaping. How the hell do we win when everything we say is "a lie" when everything anyone with an axe to grind against vaping cannot possibly speak words that aren't true.
Because they got banned for being a douchebag and this is the only, rather pathetic, bit of revenge their sorry asses can do.
That's fine, it's a hard world and I ain't gonna judge anyone for how they deal with it. I'm just pissy about people who want to tell me that the hardest thing I ever did isn't really an accomplishment. I did it, you did it, and no one on this planet can take that away from us. Period.
You stop! Most of us appreciate the effort he puts in, thousands of miles away, to let us know to be safe. If you don't, fine, block him and move on. The rest of us don't wanna hear it.
Oh, you might be right. If so, sorry. But we need the rain, much as it sucks to be in. I'll take some discomfort for the next few months if it means Cowichan and Nanaimo can have a better summer, for water. And I bet the salmon wouldn't mind, either.
This is a toughie. It depends on where, and how it was used. In a place like the US, hell no! It would only ever be used against people in those kinds of systems, to deny them insurance coverage when they need it. In other places, it would depends on their laws. In a corrupt country, the 'mental health' check couldn't be trusted, and could be used to imprison political rivals or other unwanted people. This isn't news, it's been done many times in many places. If the country's medical and justice system could be trusted, and the specific intent of the screening is to benefit the patient and not the state (for realz), then maybe. More mental health screening would be a very good thing, but it presents a LOT of potential problems in the wrong hands.
Canada. I'll look into that, I bet this tree was planted by the highway people since it's on the edge of the highway.
It'd be a pretty strange campaign to run pictures of Victoria subways in Saskatoon.
Genre shows have known for a long time that there's always that guy who goes frame-by-frame with a magnifying glass.
"Oh, no! 0.0000000000000000000001% of the porn on the internet is now only accessible when they log out or use an alt or find one of the many places it gets reposted! That'll teach 'em!"
Are you sure you really don't want it?
So, like what's this guy gonna do for the rest of his life? I mean, besides jail. He's one of the most famous douchebags on the planet, I bet he'd have a hard time finding a job flipping burgers.
I'm starting to wish there was some kind of browser extension for Reddit with a 'Sensationalized/Clickbait' meter for articles. I don't know how it could be implemented without abuse, but it'd be nice if articles like this could get 6 or 7 Pinocchios for neglecting to mention that it really means that Amazon threatened to fire people who speak on behalf of Amazon and say things that Amazon doesn't stand behind (like every other company on earth).
Sounds like we need cameras on all these border guards. If they were on Candid Camera 100% of the time, they'd be less likely to pull illegal stuff. And, honestly, even if they were all saints, we should have all border interactions on HD cameras anyways, to get quality pics of anyone we need to send out bulletins on later.
Well, that's sure convenient. My 1S has been a trusty companion for many years now but the battery is starting to get old and I'm almost out of replacement straps for it. I was gonna buy a 4 when this one finally bites it but now it looks like a 5 might be the one. :)
Of course! He even admitted it. &gt; you'll get what you want, a war between the Romulans and the Dominion *You*'ll get what *you* want. Talking to Sisko. Bringing the Romulans in to the war was Sisko's quest, not Garak's. Garak just used Sisko to get to do what he wanted, because that's what Garak does. Everything he said after admitting it was his plan from the get-go was either to get Sisko to stop beating on him, or to try to preserve his ability to use Sisko yet again, some time down the road. Garak is as much of a sociopath as Dukat, but he's *our* sociopath. edit, wanted to clarify: &gt; ODO: You'd shoot a man in the back? &gt; GARAK: Well, it's the safest way, isn't it? Dukat is also a megalomaniac, which Garak is not, but their moral compasses aren't very far off from one another. I doubt Garak would do something to destroy an entire species, such as Dukat might do, but in a smaller scale situation where there was a moral decision to be made, I strongly suspect both Garak and Dukat would come to a similar moral conclusion, and do more or less the same thing the other one would.
I like eforcity on ebay, I've had the best results from him, but I've still gotten dead batteries from him (a couple out of probably 50 I've bought from him). There aren't any sellers anywhere that are selling newly made iPod batteries. The iPods themselves have been out of production for a very long time, and it wouldn't be very profitable for a factory to keep making them for this long. Luckily, batteries are still quite cheap, just order two if you need one, and likely at least one will be good (or, if you're lucky, both will be good, and you'll have one to spare for next time).
You could be right.
New $5/month "screw you over fee".
A conservative who ran on honesty, and then demonstrated a serious commitment to it, would be a game changer. *I'd* vote for that person.
I don't understand why we aren't pouring buckets of money into youth programs. If we can break the recruiting flow of gangs who pick up bored and vulnerable youth when they're in high school, we could cripple those kinds of organizations within a generation. Plus it's been demonstrated to have a remarkable effect on the number of kids binge drinking and using drugs to excess, when they have a large variety of compelling youth programs and activities to spend their time on. I think a few million dollars spent there would pay amazing dividends to Canada in the long run.
You say that as if they didn't lock the bootloader on these things tighter than a nun's hoohah. Nothing is rootable if the manufacturer is a sufficiently greedy piece of garbage (unless you wanna replace the built-in malware with different malware from a shady one-click root).
lol @ Oracle! Maybe you can copyright APIs but good luck finding anyone who'll play with you!
I just assume Snoo here is a Chia head.
CJ57436
ya the DXM isn't as awesome as it used to be, unless I go like 2-3 years between trips (or take a truly insane dose, that def still works but with nearly 100% lack of memory formation, so not much point). I'm just sayin' there's proof that hardcore DXM users can and do get old, and more or less intact. TBH I should be dead 100x over from all the drugs I've done, and aside from that one time I burned my house down, I've made it out mostly unscathed.
I don't know what people are doing to get bad battery life on MIUI 11 on 9T. I'm literally astonished at the life I get, I only charge it maybe every third day (and it fast charges so fast that I can charge it from pretty low up to 80% in the time it takes to drink my two coffees in the morning...I stop charging at 80% to help extend my battery's lifespan), and I get 9-10 hours SOT. My last phone, I bought specifically because it had what was a ludicrously large battery at that time, and my 9T gets nearly 80% more SOT than that one did, and it's not a full inch thick like the old one was. MIUI does do pretty aggressive task killing by default, but once you shut that off in two or three places it stops being an issue.
First time I've watched one in 15 years or so. Last time I watched Jeopardy, there *might* be one celebrity delivered clue per game, and they weren't always obviously shamelessly promoting something when they did so. There certainly weren't corporate logos in the category boxes at the top. It wasn't always this bad. I just wanted to know if there was even more in this special or if it's just like that always now, and by everyone's reaction, I guess it is always like that now, and I apologize to all of Reddit for not knowing everything once again.
Get him a box that can run LibreELEC, and set up the VNC addon they provide in their own repo. Set up his router to forward the port. Make sure you can connect to him over VNC from wherever you're going to be. Pick a time, once a week or so, where he won't use the TV and you're likely available, and use that time to VNC into his box, update his addons and address any problems he's told you about. If he has a specific problem that's stopping him, he can text you and you can VNC in from your phone and fix it right then and there. If you need to show him how to do something, you can call him on the phone then talk him through what you're doing on his screen. This has made supporting my elderly technophobe parents a much better process, involving way less emergency 2 hour drives so I can click OK on the box that popped up suddenly that they won't read and don't know what to do about.
I guess it's just that much more noticeable to me, since it's been so long since I watched it. Another thing I noticed is that the questions are a LOT harder! Back in the 90's I used to answer the questions to the TV, like everybody else I suppose, and I knew enough of them to think I'd probably do good if I ever applied (which I never did). But now, some of those questions and categories were just off the charts. [There was one](#s "where they had to string together three different things with wordplay, and my jaw was just hanging open, watching them get them, just like that.")
There's a new competitor on the horizon and it may end up being a better choice, eventually. It's called the Odroid Go Advance. It runs a RockChip processor that's a newer generation than what the OG XD had (although it's a lower tier, and thus probably slower), so it absolutely destroys all the other low-end emulation handhelds...it even beats the Powkiddy X18. But it will run Linux rather than Android, so it won't have the kind of choices the XD+ gives you for non-game apps, it only has 1GB of RAM which will limit its ability to handle newer consoles (Gamecube is likely out), the form factor isn't as convenient (you'll need a case to protect the screen when you put it in a bag), you have to assemble it yourself (but it's easy, no soldering), and we don't know what the controls are going to be like in terms of comfort and long life for gaming. But it's only $55, so that makes up for some of the drawbacks. XD+ still wins in terms of power, but the top of the low end is creeping up there, and XD+ is starting to look very expensive without a mid-life price drop (which isn't going to happen).
It's the *alternate* universe. Farts smell like bubble gum.
I rewatched *Broken Bow* the other day and realized this. The Suliban have the Klingon on their ship and are asking him stuff in Klingon. When they don't want him to hear, they switch to English...between Suliban, on a Suliban ship, with nary a human to be found. Sometimes you just gotta suspend your disbelief a little.
I think you probably want /r/piracy rather than here.
TPIR was always like that. Don't let anyone show you 90's Jeopardy or you might explode. I don't know what is worse, that you kids today can't remember a time when ads weren't stuffed in every single place they could possibly be stuffed, or that you're so OK with it that someone commenting about it is blasted down to -30 for drawing attention to it. Hail Corporate, I guess.
Nothing like that on mine, but I'm on Stable channel so maybe I don't have it yet. Just a dropdown with the name of my phone three times.
People are complicated. I'm probably one of the people who would be on your troll list, but I'm certainly not a climate denier. I just felt and feel really strongly about the statue removal ~~last year~~ two years ago now (told you it would never see light again!), and that had a lot of people tag me as some alt-right mouthbreather. When the reality is that I simply feel very strongly about that one issue.
I really want to go there and try their food, but I'm a little bit terrified of offending them or doing something they would find disrespectful. Most of that is my own anxiety but any advice would be greatly appreciated.
I'd change your phrasing a bit. They are requiring juice makers to add nicotine or cannabis to their products. Making addictive, psychoactive drugs mandatory. Yes, it sounds unhinged when we put it like that, but it is the truth (and it is unhinged). edit: just emailed a fairly blistering email, asking why they intend to make an addictive drug mandatory, portraying it as sinister and corrupt of a move as I possibly could, and implying that they'll be called upon on social media to answer as to why they are working harder to keep people addicted to this drug. I think we can beat this particular provision, it's really easy to portray it as manifestly evil.
I don't have to take off my hat or do any of the other stupid things Christian churches demand that you do? I don't want to offend them but I literally know nothing about their culture.
You don't even have to do that. You can get this thing that clips onto the chip in-place, that plugs into a reader/writer that works over USB. [Here's a post](https://www.win-raid.com/t796f16-Guide-Using-CH-A-based-programmer-to-flash-SPI-EEPROM.html) with the basics of how to do it in Windows (I've always used Linux for this kinda stuff, but whatever you prefer, there's a link in the post to Linux instructions). The equipment you need should be well under $20 and it opens up a lot of nifty hacks, there's a lot of stuff that uses chips that this thing can read and write. If you get it dumped, please post it here, I'm sure lots of us would be into helping you analyse it.
I don't know what happened to Ars. They used to be so awesome, the first site I went to every day. Now they put out so much clickbait and poor journalism. :(
Be careful of how it interacts with her other meds. I looked into this for my mom, in a similar spot, and it turned out that CBD affects a certain digestive enzyme that's part of the metabolism of one of her other medications (sorry, I don't remember which CYP it was or which medication, I did this research a year and a half ago), with the results not being good.
Well, it's definitely a Puya P25Q32H 32MB flash chip. [Here's](http://www.puyasemi.com/uploadfiles/2018/08/201808071524332433.pdf) the datasheet. It appears that this chip has the capability of being locked to further writing, so you might not be able to reflash it with new ROMs, but then again they might not have used that capability. It looks like it will take 3.3V which is good because that's the one I sorta know how to use. It doesn't look like there's a hell of a lot of English documentation for this little guy so we're probably going to be blazing new ground. Might not be the worst idea to loop in the fine people in /r/AskElectronics because we're rapidly reaching the limits of my expertise. ;) That chip near IC5 also looks to be a flash chip. No markings so no idea what kind, but maybe you can identify it with flashrom. It's likely that one of those has the ROMs on it. edit: I learned most of this from [this page](https://wiki.mrchromebox.tech/Unbricking). Obviously different cuz your chip is different but it should give you an idea of the process so you can adapt it to what you are doing.
Awesome! This is exactly the kind of hack that interests me, so I'm definitely on board. :)
&gt; YELGRUN: No, not in a few minutes, now!
It was a whole lot of nothing. Google is making a change, and they put out details on that change WAY early, so developers would have lots and lots of time to make their stuff work in the new way. We're in that period of time right now, and there's no set date as of yet as to when the developers must be finished by. Clickbait media ran with it, claiming that because the code right now won't work with the new way, that it can never be changed or altered or innovated to do so, and thus "adblocking is dead". To use an analogy, it's like if Sony sent out the very first developer kits to game makers, and within the first five minutes after they arrived, sites were complaining that the new Playstation was going to be a failure because no one knows how to write code for it. Of course they don't, they have to learn to do that, and they will. It'll be the same with adblocking...maybe the guy who writes Ublock Origin will take his ball and go home, but then someone else will step up and figure it out, and we'll all just switch to his adblocker. The complaints all seem to revolve around "well, they shouldn't *have* to do things a new way, everything should always be the same no matter what" or "well, Google is evil now so of course they're going to do evil things".
Is there a limit to how large a single entry can be? Can each entry be a csv list with 10k rules in it?
lol, it's so cute that you think high schools don't have enterprising kids with older brothers or who can pay homeless people to go buy for them. All this means is a higher markup from the dealers in the schools, nothing more. And since it's an addictive product, the kids will pay the higher price.
How about they even have some process where they get people to idk, halt for say 15 minutes while they check that paper? Kinda like they did here and every other time this has happened everywhere. It's easy to seem like an expert when the person I'm talking to is saying such dumb things.
Oh, no, not this shit again!
thatsthejoke.jpg
They said that in Canada, too, until they declared base as a vaping product and made the limit applicable. Don't think for a second that they are operating in good faith, they're not.
I bet in a few years they'll be whining about how they can't find new employees and they have to import foreign workers to meet their business obligations.
Ghostbusters!
I actually found a bunch on ebay, exact model matches using the part number (FD121225LB) in the other link you posted, for around $20. Thanks! :)
lol the cheapest one that was listed as New, there's a bunch of used listings that probably won't be any better.
Again, *this is what happens* when diplomatic immunity is involved. It doesn't mean 'do whatever the fuck you want and nobody can do shit about it ever'. It means they can't be charged or forced to face trial or be held for any appreciable length of time. It doesn't mean they can't say GTFO. In fact, telling them to GTFO is the one thing they are unequivocally allowed to do! This is how this shit works, maybe consider finding that stuff out before you slather crap all over everyone out of your mouth. And 15 minutes is actually damn fast, considering they arrested a bunch of people at the same time. It would take at least that long anywhere, for the cops to go "oh, shit, this guy's an ambassador".
They did that in the beginning. There was usually less than 100 winners and those people won a lot, and everybody else either lost SB from rejoining or got maybe 1 or 2 bonus SB. It wasn't worth playing. Now most people can get 5+ bonus SB and a few thousand can win and get 15-20 more.
Pretty obviously sponsored by Disney+.
Sweet. Then you'll need flashrom, which is either already installed or should be in the repo, or we might have to build it, not sure yet. Anyways, when we have it, hook it up and run: sudo ./flashrom -p ch341a_spi Then we can see what it says, if it can detect it...if not, we're in for a rabbit hole of finding software to talk to it (which I'm down for!). I'll be back in 8 or 9 hours, and also tomorrow.
Self-reported, again. This means it's bullshit, that an indeterminable number of people lied about where they got their shit, for any number of reasons.
What, you don't want to buy a new car just so your phone will work again?
ikr! I remember big windstorms in like April/early May, not January.
I'm in the market for a new MP3 player, and I've always wanted one where I could control it with a watch on my wrist. Like, full control, navigate folders to select an album, not just play/pause. What are the chances that PinePhone + PineTime could eventually get this functionality?
Multicast DNS daemon. Are you streaming to another device?
Comets are made out of ice, but they're flying really really fast, in *space*! It's not even a question, comets are better than ice.
My point is, it's still representing an "approved" comment count, just without using the inbuilt Flair system. Won't it still stifle more comments, if someone with an expertise in the topic sees the little green 1 there and they decide not to click on it?
Hypothetically, if your device is REALLY old, you might be able to find a more recent high-end SD card that might be faster than your old device's old, slow, flash memory. It's a long shot, since your device likely has an old, slow SD card reader, and the overwhelming majority of SD cards are dog-slow, even ones that say they are fast, but it's hypothetically possible. I was in this situation during the last year or so of life of my old Sony Xperia Play...it only came with 1GB flash memory, total, and it had been thrashed by me and was dead-ass slow to begin with. Using a high-end Samsung SD card that cost more than the phone did, I was able to get acceptable performance for a few months, until the phone itself just gave up. I nearly destroyed the expensive SD card doing this (it lasted like 3 months after the phone died), and the experience was still "i'm gonna throw this phone out the freaking window!" slow, but it was better than the default.
What are your biases? Where does your funding come from? I don't wish to participate in research that is intended to be used against my interests.
I was tired.
This was a story that *only* Sisko could have done. *None* of the other Captains would have reacted the right way. Kirk was too honourable, it wouldn't have occurred to him. Picard might have thought of bringing the Romulans in, but he would have gone about it differently, maybe sending someone to Romulus (or going himself) to make a personal appeal. Janeway would have had Garak arrested, and would have insisted on admitting to the Romulans what they had done, and then the Romulans would have joined the Dominion and we'd have lost the war. Archer would have worked with Garak to kill that friggin' Romulan in a 15 minute B-plot.
In response, the FDA is banning all new vaping devices. Only old devices can be sold without approval. For real, this is the bizarro world we live in now.
I thought that wasn't till March 1st...
Illegal to sell devices newer than 2007, yeah. And not in a few years, in May.
You need a thicker skin brah.
Not Tuvok?
I took a ten year break, still wasn't enough.
I just always assumed it was Cthulhu.
[This one](https://www.cnx-software.com/2019/10/01/x96-air-amlogic-s905x3-android-9-0-tv-box/) appears to have similar specs for ~$40. The 8K thing doesn't matter, unless you have an 8KTV. The Skystream runs a random XDA rom, so you could probably do the same for the $40 box. It won't be Android TV regardless, merely phone Android on a TV, so not really relevant to this sub anyways.
Mods don't always work closely together. In one of the subs I mod, we all trust each other so we pretty much just all do our own thing. We only really need to coordinate things when there's a major problem, or if one of the mods does something the rest don't agree with (that's never happened yet).
It was in water? Mold.
There is no way to reduce intake. It's *everywhere*. Even if the entire world got up tomorrow and decided to stop using plastic entirely (which is ridiculous), it would still be in the environment for centuries. It'll still get dissolved into the water, then eaten by fish who are eaten by birds who are eaten by land animals who are eaten by other land animals who are eaten by us. It'll still make its way into plants that are eaten by us. The only workable way for any of us to reduce intake is to stop consuming and starve, at least for this half of the 21st century.
I still wouldn't. Z isn't a benzo but you'd be hard pressed to tell the difference in how it works. It's even cross tolerant with benzos. And worse, Z has more of the respiratory depression, which is the killer when you combine ops and benzos. If you absolutely must do this, please have a sitter, someone who can watch you and do something when you decide it's a really good idea to close your eyes and stop breathing for a bit.
It doesn't "dissolve", but it does break down into smaller pieces and otherwise disincorporate over time. Including into pieces that will fit nicely through that 10 micron filter. Also most people don't really have a good way to know for sure if they are consuming microplastics in their food, so they can't really make good decisions about how to reduce it with the knowledge they have access to. Your example is great but it assumes knowledge that not everyone has, and it just kicks the can down the road until the plastics in the environment have been smashed into small enough pieces to get through.
What do they mean by "Alt-Lite/Intellectual Dark Web"?
I felt like his character was missing something, by the end.
Why? I'm perfectly happy with my Chromebook. The only one it seems to be upsetting is you.
It was for emphasis.
Seems likely it was destroyed in the Hermosa quake in 2047. It was bad enough to put the entire southern California region under 200m of water; that's not exactly a minor quake, and as such, must have had effects outside of California.
I wish people would stop microdosing anything they can get their hands on. It's not a general technique, and there's a lot of things that will hurt you if you microdose them. It's not about the dose, it's about the drug.
What does tobacco taste like? I've tried a bunch of ersatz tobacco flavours, and while I enjoy a lot of them, none of them really taste anything like actual tobacco.
That's a no. Banned.
More cumin. It's the key to peace.
In a few hours things are going to get pretty dark.
I live in Victoria, and I can't remember the last time the Liberals were competitive in my federal riding. And the Conservatives haven't been competitive there since I was in grade school! It's easy to discount regional parties until you live in one of those regions and get stuck with them.
It's 10.1 inch 'class'.
Their argument is that allowing competition will disincentivize them from improving their networks, to the detriment of Canadians. Seems to me that nationalizing them and taking direct control over their investment choices would accomplish the same goal. I wonder how they'd feel about it then.
Doesn't help if your superior is complicit, and just as corrupt as you are. They'll just turn it off to cover you when you ask them to. No loopholes.
Exactly. I don't trust any of the lines they try to use. It ought to be simply a requirement of the job...if you're on duty, your camera is on. If your camera goes off, any cop things you do are inadmissible and unprotected until you get it sorted out.
*cries in Canada*
I feel so much empathy for the people in the US right now. Not only is there an actual plague, there's a plague of violence.
Don't put your family at risk. There's lots of things you can do to support this without actually going there. Donate some money. Send some supplies up to the people protesting (bet they could use some water!). Use whatever internet reach you have to write about the issues.
This is a discussion site. I don't want you to be impartial. Tell us how you feel, since we're definitely going to tell you how we feel!
That's a journey you don't often see in media these days. There's lots of stuff depicting people going from faith to lack of faith, but rarely the reverse (outside of crappy Christian media). Even though the faith depicted is a weird alien faith (and 'faith' is kinda a misnomer, since the Prophets definitely exist in the story, there's nothing to take on faith there).
Production capacity is very interesting to me. Once they identify a vaccine and decide "ok, yeah, this is safe, let's get it out there", then what? We need billions of doses, and we need them yesterday. Will it just be the company that develops it that will be the only one making it? The demand is going to be monstrous, world-wide...how will they protect the patent holder from being cloned and ripped off? Is a vaccine even going to be a money-maker? Seems like making crazy, inordinate profits off a vaccine for this wouldn't be taken well by the people. Do we even have any answers to this stuff yet, or is it all 'when we get to it'?
This is the freedom those people fought and died for.
Abolishing is unnecessary. What's needed is culture reform. And that's hard, the existing culture is reinforced by the existing members, so it may be necessary to get rid of them all, at least for now, so as to establish a different culture, one that values peaceful resolution and non-violence. This isn't going to be an easy process, and it's probably going to cost more, in the short term, not less.
If you think he's got nothing to fix, you're not watching the same Star Trek I'm watching.
Anywhere you can get under a roadway, you're gonna get interesting acoustics. I'd try under the bridge at 6 Mile. There's something about the angled ground and flat overhead that makes a kind of amphitheatre effect. The problem is, you need a bridge without a ton of traffic, and I don't know too many like that in the area.
If you build it, they will come.
Like a lot of fiction, you gotta suspend some part of your disbelief to get into it. I mean, even basic stuff like quantum drive is pretty unrealistic in The Orville (how are they not all chunky salsa on the back wall?), this isn't really all that different.
I don't get it. My 6.4" phone has pretty much the same body size as my old (admittedly, large when I bought it 3 years ago) 5.5" screen phone with huge bezels. If they wanna make screen size bigger without making the actual physical size bigger, I'm all for it. The screen size gains from the last couple years have been almost entirely from bezel reduction and aspect ratio.
It's almost as if politicians say what people want to hear, and don't actually have any values beyond ambition!
It's kind of amazing, like a worldwide Manhattan Project with probably a hundred times the staff.
Survivor is awesome!
It's all made up stuff, and frankly, it's no weirder than alien Nazis on Star Trek. I'm a computer guy, and I have to roll my eyes pretty frequently, pretty much whenever computers or technology shows up in a show. But I get over it, it's not really important to the characters and the story.
Of course you get no hassle. This was only ever targeted at young people and poor people.
"How to fuck up selling drugs"
Seattle Times has it.
I thought the Bloc guy did really well. I don't agree with him on nearly anything, but he presents it well.
Last time around, you did waste on the Pro, but not because of gaming. The old Pro had a hybrid drive in it, a drive that has both a spinning platter hard drive and a solid state drive all smashed into each other. Sounds great in theory but it's actually pretty shitty for this type of machine. I guess Nvidia learned from this, because the new 2019 Pro is actually better than the Tube, it doesn't have any kind of funky drive to slow it down, and it has a better processor and RAM as well as quality-of-life features like USB ports. Don't get the Tube.
I'm convinced that that scenario would simply have resulted in attacks for his hypocrisy for showing weak support on a topic he's spoken strongly about in the past. And in a no-win situation like this, I'm glad that he decided to follow his heart and stand with the protesters. Even if a different choice would have been more politically advantageous (which I'm not convinced of), this one feels more human. Pretty much everyone lately has had a situation where they had to choose between an option that sucks and an option that sucks less.
Extreme overuse. It was my daily driver for nearly 3 years. I also had it repartitioned so the internal flash was used as cache, might have had something to do with it.
Wow, never saw a game that was compatible with 2019 Shield but not 2015!
Don't steal DXM. It's tacky AF. Get a job.
Do it the other way around, only drink when you smoke. That way, when you quit smoking, you quit drinking, too.
Now you know why it was important to pay attention in math class. I swear, we'd have so much better math education uptake if they used real-world examples. "Tryna score a gram of blow. Dude's got two baggies, one with 3/5 of a g, one with half a g. If you jack him, will you have the gram or no?"
I ordered some stuff from China, in January before their lockdown even started. Still waiting. I knew it would take a while, and it's just stocking up on stuff I wouldn't need for about a year, but now it's almost half a year later and the end of the year is getting a lot closer. :/
While Seth MacFarlane is definitely a factor in the show, a huge, huge number of the other people behind the camera are 90's Trek veterans. Looked at from a crew point of view, it's more Star Trek than Star Trek is now.
The pilot is like a different show. It changes dramatically in tone almost immediately afterward.
Do you know GitHub? If you do, why don't you set up one for this, seems like it'd be the perfect platform for such a collaboration.
I'm still a little hopeful. I know the seller sent it, that's not a worry, it's just lost in the shuffle. I guess time will tell just how lost it is. If I get it by like November, I'll be alright, and I already ordered replacement stuff in case I don't, so hopefully I've covered my bases. Glad I plan ahead, if this was something I'd let get too low and needed right away I'd probably feel less forgiving about the whole deal. ;)
The "my feelings are more relevant than your facts" crowd. Anti-vax. Climate denial. Anti-intellectualism. Some people respond to proof of their position's untenability as further proof of it's veracity. It's batshit crazy but people do it.
And we give a fuck what they want because....?
Not collapsing into infighting, for starters.
Gotta say, really impressed by your moderating technique. Lots of sub just lock controversial threads, and then people who want to express whatever they want to express just end up spilling all over everywhere. Very wise to give people a steam removal thread.
I remember the good old days, when it would install itself into a weird subfolder of your user folder.
Not at all. In my head the Laconian ships look like much higher budget versions of the Zentraedi ships from Robotech.
It's older than all recorded history. Scale is important, it's basically yesterday on a geological scale but it's forever ago according to a toddler's attention span.
Userspace, you say? Wonder if there's a way to get this working on my dev mode Chromebook...
It's funny how the cops can threaten to murder people and they get to apologize, no harm done, right? But if we threaten to murder a cop, man we're gonna have a bad time, no take backsies, do not pass Go, do not collect $200. Hell, if we used the plural like this one did, we've uttered a terrorist threat and our life is over. This one's all "whoops, didn't you hear me say no ~~homo~~ terror-o?".
Torn on this one. Obviously the "anything goes" wild west we've got going on right now, isn't working. But I don't want to see Facebook, of all people, to become the arbiter of what is truth and what is not. Perhaps we need a third party, someone at arm's length from Facebook, to be the arbiter, but then, who do we choose and how do we keep them from being corrupted? I think the real solution is going to involve a societal shift, where we start assigning real consequences to lying and distorting the truth. Right now, someone comes up with the most outrageous lie, we call them out on it, and then drop it entirely before the next words come out of their mouth, which we then judge in a vacuum without even considering the track record of the source. It's ridiculous, and we'd never act like this with our friends, but we accept it constantly from our leaders.
Oh, no, not saying that at all. But the US is kinda unique in that some of them are quite proud of it. Ignorance is sometimes treated as a virtue.
Well, duh, it's no quick fix for anyone.
Disinformation isn't what I'm talking about, honesty on a personal basis is. We've ceased to value honesty as a society. A person in a sales job who lies through his teeth, giving customers what they don't need or want and increasing their unhappiness, is rewarded as a top salesperson and held up as an example for others to follow. And when someone is caught in a bold-faced outright lie, there's no consequences, and their lying might even be recognized and rewarded. We've flipped the script on the boy who cried wolf, now there's no reason not to do so.
I just figured they did it to get around the aggressive UAC in Vista, so it could automagically update itself without being elevated.
I don't think I've ever seen a thread as badly brigaded as that one is.
idk what Nvidia makes Ethernet ports out of, but it sucks. I've seen more Shields with broken Ethernet ports than any other failure.
It's easier for some people to believe that there's an evil person or people making bad things happen, than it is for them to accept that the world doesn't give a shit about us and bad things happen just because.
We've seen what it looks like when that desire isn't met. Lynch mobs and justice riots.
My 8BitDo SN30 Pro works great on my CB+, including with Stadia.
No, home doesn't work. edit: just tried the Button Mapper app others linked in this thread and it makes the Home button work.
I guess you could say he pressed paws on the fights.
"Figure this out or we'll give you a ton of money!"
Woah, so that means Morn is secretly responsible for arranging Jadzia's death, so Ezri would get the symbiont, which would give her cover to get assigned to DS9! That explains why Weyoun didn't go after Dukat, he was ordered by the Founder to cooperate with him, and the Founder was ordered by Morn. It all makes sense now!
I'd like to see them re-animate Robotech. Keep the original soundtrack and voices, just redo the visual part for widescreen and 4K and HDR and all that.
AG Hillary Clinton
So, it's *your* fault I slept so poorly last night!
Price floors mean they literally can't in some places. Also difficult to dispose of unsold in some places. We're way overregulated.
Comparable to grabbing up some heroin and a few needles and giving it a whirl. You'll probably like it, most people do, you won't run into problems until you want to stop and you can't.
Kevin Bacon!?
Sometimes you have to travel. A good friend of mine has to go to Vancouver every couple of months, to see a specialist who injects something into his eyeball (ick) so he doesn't go blind. If he misses more than like 2 in a row, he'll go blind forever. Are you demanding that he sacrifice his eyesight for the rest of his life?
*woosh* Do you not see how someone could be exposed to the virus on the mainland, during necessary medical travel? You asked where this person from "outside the community" got the virus, and I'm giving you a possible scenario. It's easy for you to sit behind your keyboard and go "fuck that guy" but you just don't know the whole story. It's entirely possible to do everything properly, right now, and still get infected.
Boston Rob style.
&gt; much worse than him Given how things turned out, I find that hard to believe.
I think it's the other way around. They don't think anyone can beat Trudeau if there's an election soon, and so none of their real candidates are willing to sully their name by taking the leadership now and then losing to Trudeau in the next election. There isn't really any reason to think the Conservatives would do any better than they did under Scheer, right now, we'd just get another minority.
You could be right. I'm not so sure, I think the beneficiaries of an early election would be third parties sucking up votes from people disgusted by both sides.
Depends on where you are. I'm in Victoria, the Greens are super competitive here, and the Conservatives are a joke. Go to Quebec and the Bloc is a factor. I think we're headed into a period with strong regional parties that don't have enough of a national presence to ever form government but have enough votes regionally to have a strong presence, and it's going to result in a lot of unstable minority governments.
Well, there's always gonna be areas where the two main parties do well, that's why they're the main parties. I'm sure Alberta will always swing right. But I worry that we're going to end up in situations where the main parties have to work with/get held hostage by the smaller regional parties, in order to get anything done at all. We're already seeing that with the NDP putting conditions onto their support of the Liberals, and that doesn't seem too bad to centre-left old me. But I worry what it might look like, with, say, a future Conservative government giving the Bloc dangerous concessions to get their support for their agenda, or the Liberals doing the same with the Greens.
Never underestimate how lazy people can be.
Ah, Saanich. Doing the bare minimum since 1906.
Not very. When I got into DIY I wanted to know, so I poured a bunch out and held it in my hand. Probably 10-15mL, so quite a lot. I feel like maybe I absorbed some but I can't say for sure, so that kinda tells me that it's not as lethal as people say. I've also tried vaping nic salt base directly, only 60mg base because that's all you can get in my country now, and while it was definitely strong and tasted bad, it didn't hurt me. I typically mix my juice at around 27-30mg salts and 6-12mg freebase so 60mg salts wasn't as huge a jump for me as it might be for others.
No, that one's flub-something.
The thumbnail has all kinds of weird extra data in it. Like a big question mark of temperatures in the 2050's. edit: https://prnt.sc/t3ywuq
I wouldn't hold your breath on longevity. The Intel transition took 3 years, I expect an Intel Mac bought today won't be upgradable to the latest OS in about the same timeframe.
I expect whatever OS version they release in about 2024 will be Apple Silicon only, and then they'll do security updates and all that for a couple years more. Apps will be built for the new OS version and will slowly start to become incompatible as they update. I wouldn't buy now. If you can squeeze even one more year out of what you have now, there will be much better choices as far as long term support.
I don't like not running the latest security update I can get. Maybe it's costing me performance but it's gaining me in confidence.
What!? Apple's been doing this for like a decade, Google can't just wish that up.
Obviously a fake, there's no way they could pull that off on a streaming TV budget.
I believe that life is rare. I think we're probably the only life in our galaxy, and I think there's many galaxies out there that have no life at all. I think an incredibly unlikely combination of things has to happen for life as we know it to arise, including having the right planet size, the right distance from the right kind of star, the right amount of tilt in the axis, a single moon, large enough in size to produce tides and plate tectonics on the planet, etc. etc. But I also think the universe is fucking unbelievably huge, and there's just so many stars and planets and galaxies out there that the incredibly uncommon combinations of things that happened here on Earth to allow life to arise must have happened a shitload of times in total in all that space and time. It's just that even the nearest one is so ridiculously far away that we'll never know they are there, let alone communicate with them, and they'll never know about us.
Ordinarily if you run the meat grinder backwards, you don't get cows out the other side, but with Odo it does work that way.
I finally got around to setting up my library today, and I can't get Next Up to work. I saw something somewhere about how it was hard coded to a specific library version, is that something I can fix myself?
Is it really that hard to believe that marginalized and vulnerable groups are disproportionately targeted by these laws? That's how it goes with every other law, why do you think this law would be any different?
Well, can you really say that Germany is a country?? Oh. What's that? They are? Oh. Um. Yeah.
Well, guess I'm the different one. No high school, no university, mid 40's.
I didn't know they had barricaded CHOP and weren't allowing anyone in or out. Is that even true?
According to the article, the lawsuit claims the area is inaccessible to the public. Are they lying to the court, then?
Bet the judge is gonna love them for that, then.
I doubt they care. This really sounds like it's just more gasoline to toss onto the Fox News dumpster fire. They'll do saturation cover of the suit and crickets when it gets thrown out.
I do. I have a great career and a pretty awesome life, mostly because I lucked out and fell into a line of work I had an intuitive aptitude for. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone else but it worked for me.
Just for the sake of discussion. What if the federal government decides to open the border, and the provincial government disagrees? Who wins, on this particular topic? Is there an angle where some kind of provincial law enforcement could block entry to BC?
They did an evil replicator on DS9, in the one where the replicators were infected with the aphasia virus and suddenly started blaming the lark's true pepper.
Shield is the flagship but it's not exactly unusual for Shield to be behind the times. How long did we wait for Oreo, a year and a half?
We don't want to end it. You writing an email to your MP is lobbying, and we wouldn't want to take that away. What we need is to get a handle on big money lobbying. Idk what that would look like though, the bad faith actors would likely just give the lobbying money in dribs and drabs through individual employees, as faux grassroots.
&gt; they don't use garlic or onions *sobs uncontrollably*
Sounds about right. 10mg is a lot.
I believe that God has a plan. It's just that I also believe that He isn't a total moron, and that's why He didn't create us with brains then expect us not to use them.
That sounds like a lot of charges.
Tegras were never amazing for battery. They did some Tegra phones before and battery life was always their problem.
It's honestly probably a smart idea to put a pause on all advertising from major corporations right now. I'm sure there's better things to spend that money on right now, and the good PR they'd get from doing that might be better than any shitty ad.
New Shield TV, released October of last year, is 32-bit only.
Maybe I'm in the minority here, but it seems like when Survivor tries to be diverse, the results are painfully awkward. I wonder how diverse the casting team is? Perhaps the answer lies in increasing diversity there, so that diversity on the show isn't just what a white male casting group thinks diversity should look like. Just speculating, I could be way off base here.
How do you type and brush your teeth at the same time?
So, what, they just rest their laptop in the sink with the running water?
I used to respect Ed Broadbent. Very disappointed to see his name on this trash.
I have to take pills at 6AM. On the weekend I tend to go back to bed after.
Well, we already knew she wasn't a hard worker.
I remember learning about how nationalism was bad in grade 11 social studies. I had it first period, right after we were forced to sing the national anthem and say the Lord's Prayer.
Sometimes I wish there was a way to discuss questions and answers in a less formal way. Obviously I wouldn't want it to be in the threads here, I love the way you run things. But it would be nice if there was like, another sub, where people could discuss stuff they read on this sub. Especially with all the unprecedented things going on in the world right now, there's been a few times where we were talking about something 30-40 years ago and I'm just itching to ask about how it relates to/impacts things happening now, which of course would be inappropriate here.
It's kinda on the nose to watch him macking on an underage girl in a film, knowing that the actor was macking on underage guys for realz as soon as the camera was off. And then the end comes and he doesn't do it, and you know that's the fucking lie because in the real world nothing and no one stopped him. edot: also, wtf, you think raping kids is just "naughty"?
It's almost as if it didn't really matter that people smoked it!
It had to be done, but I really didn't think they would do it. I'm glad I was wrong.
I don't see why smaller chains like Alamo aren't going all-in on pop-up drive-ins for the summer. Every town could have one, built quick and dirty. I know some places are doing this but it should be just everywhere.
How are things for Linux on rk3399 these days? I think that PineBook uses it, and I know my Chromebook Plus v1 does. It's going to run out of ChromeOS updates in a couple years and I'm starting to think about how I'm going to use it after that.
lol, I have one, I know how strong it is. Does it have acceleration yet?
We used to have a grocery store called Dominion. I slipped and fell in the aisle there once...doing business with Dominion can be dangerous!
