Yeah, I mean a person’s socioeconomic status doesn’t determine if you’re going to get lice or not (those fuckers spread like crazy and will affect anyone) and the mother did give them lice treatment. And while it sounds like the parents have some problems they made sure the girls were someplace safe and well looked after (with the LAOP) until he and his girlfriend started making moves to take custody. Poverty is not a reason to take kids away from their parents. There are services that poor parents can be hooked up with to help with poverty related issues. It’s just too bad that the contact with CPS freaked them out so badly they ran instead of being able to get the help they need. Absent actual abuse the parents should get a chance to clean up and parent their kids before you take the kids and give custody to someone else.
The LAOP said that the parents were on probation, were clean, and now they only suspect they’re back on drugs. Suspicion does not mean they’re actually using. It also sounds like the parents stayed involved in the kids lives considering how they struggled to get the kids to school every morning while they lived with the LAOP. Terrible parents don’t drive their kids to the bus stop every morning to try and keep them in their same school. It’s true that the older girl wants out, but it sounds like the younger one doesn’t. And we’re only getting the LAOP’s side of the story. We don’t have anything from the girls or the parents to see how they’re trying to cope.
So Denali Brehmer (18) was the girl who primarily arranged the murder. She also apparently sexually abused at least one minor girl and sent the pictures to Darin Schilmiller (21) who lives in Indiana. Darin was posing as a millionaire named Taylor online and offered Denali Brehmer millions of dollars to rape and kill someone in Alaska and send him photos and video of it being done. Denali realized she was being catfished but even after finding out that “Taylor” was a fake she still arranged the murder, telling her teen friends that they would recieve a share of the non-existent millions if they helped her murder someone. They decided to kill Cynthia Hoffman (19) a developmentally disabled girl who considered Denali to be her best friend. All in all it sounds like Denali convinced 4 other people to help her kill Cynthia. Kayden McIntosh (16), Caleb Leyland (19), and two other minors who are not being named at this time. Leyland apparently agreed to lend his car to Denali and Kayden for $500k apparently knowing that they were going to use it as part of murdering Cynthia. Denali apparently also sent pictures of Cynthia being murdered to Darin even though she knew they wouldn’t be paid for it. I’d say that makes Darin good for at least accessory to murder, maybe more if they can make the case that Darin was essentially hiring a hit.
He’s a perv who wanted to see someone die. The teens elected to pick Cynthia to kill for him, some of them believing they’d receive large amounts of money to do so. But Darin seems to have just wanted a snuff video created for him and anyone would do.
Jesus. It’s only “funny” until that dog hurts someone and needs to be put down. If it’s willing to chase people carrying babies and scare toddlers chances are high that it would actually attack a person or child. I’d also be reporting this to your landlord and even calling animal control about it. It’s not safe to have a dog that poorly trained and then encourage it to misbehave like that.
They should have been informed immediately. All the staff and parents of other children. That would have allowed anyone pregnant to immediately go their doctors and get recommendations on what to do if they caught the virus and to possibly limit their exposure. So many people struggle with fertility it’s just heartbreaking that the LAOP and her coworker lost pregnancies they wanted. Hopefully the next time they try they’ll have an easy success.
Yeah, I’d just remove the dish and put that into the sale contract that they weren’t getting it. The new homeowners can install their own dish or go with cable or something. Not the end of the world and it would save the LAOP way more money then fighting this.
They need a second opinion. Not saying that the husband’s boss is full of shit, but well... the post title here sums it up pretty well.
Chicago to Detroit Michigan flights are about an hour long. Depending on the direction and winds it can be 50 minutes to an hour fifteen on average. If there’s turbulence they don’t even try to do drink service before it’s time to set down. I fly that route a lot for visiting my Dad. Personally I wouldn’t bring a Switch or a laptop for a flight that short. I’d even consider not bringing a book. For only an hour I can amuse myself by staring out the window or silly tap games on my phone.
That was the mind blowing thing for me too. Like, why the fuck would a former slave want to return to a master who literally shot at them? It also sounds like something terrible happened to two of his daughters that he didn’t want repeated to the rest. Why blame him for losing the family farm? The Colonial lost it by not being able to afford to keep it without slave labor. That’s on him. You can’t blame the former slaves for not wanting to return to the place they were literally enslaved. Their hatred is entirely misplaced.
Yeah, 5 gallon buckets are fairly cheap and you can get them at any hardware store. Doesn’t solve the problem, but at least then they could get some sleep or leave the apartment for an extended period of time without worrying about water overflowing. Though I am curious about water leaking in the middle apartment. Is there also a leak on the top floor? Seems pretty incredible that there would be a roof problem that bypasses the top floor for the moisture to make its way to the middle without being noticed. I wonder if it’s actually a leaking pipe and it starting when there was a big storm was just a coincidence.
Off the top of my head, one reason to have both spouses names on the title is that it makes things a lot easier if the spouse on the house title unexpectedly dies. If the person on the title dies and the other spouse isn’t on the title there’s a whole process to go through to get a new mortgage and retitle the house for the remaining spouse. It’s a pain when the person is busy with mourning. If both names are on the title the surviving spouse has longer to act to get the property retitled under just their name. People always act like keeping a spouse off will protect them in the event of divorce, but it doesn’t. While most states have clauses to protect property purchased before the marriage started, that wouldn’t help the LAOP if he married before the mortgage was paid off. If the girlfriend, now wife, continued to pay money towards the mortgage she’d be contributing towards it with martial funds which would transform the property into a joint one by the reckoning of most courts. If the house was completely paid off and then the LAOP got married, it might be considered a sole asset. I agree though, don’t ever have a partner’s name on the title until after you’re married. But there are reasons to have both spouses on the title of the property.
Peacocks are pretty, but they are loud and mean. First peacock that decided daybreak was a great time to start yodeling hello would be enough to make me loathe the birds for life. And they have such sharp beaks! Yeah, don’t feed the peacocks. Also, don’t feed deer. It does more harm then good. I’m looking at you Great Aunt Wilma. EDIT: I can't spell. I'd say "Sue me," but considering the subreddit I may be served...
Somebody call the white supremacists. They’re currently jizzing their pants, glad that someone else is making their argument for them. /s obviously.
The Native Americans would strongly disagree. And since there is pretty good evidence that some species evolved and specialized in North America based off of Native American presence I would strongly agree with them. (The passenger pigeon being the most commonly suggested example.)
You will most likely not be considered qualified. So a bachelor's degree typically qualifies you for a GS 5 position. If you were hired in as a GS 5 in the government, depending on your ladder, you could expect to be promoted to a GS 6 then 7, or a GS 7 then 9 if you were really lucky. To be honest, without knowing anything else about you would most likely only qualify for a GS 7 based off of work experience alone. They will most likely not even look at you for a GS 14 at this point. Sorry.
There was! Sort of. There was Aphroditus who was a semi-male form of Aphrodite. He had a female form and usually breasts but also had a penis. Usually depicted as wearing women's clothes and hair but holding the cloth up high enough to reveal his male genitals. He was popular on Cyprus. Hermaphroditus (literally "Aphroditus in the form of a herm") is also considered to be Aphroditus, but it's only when you get to later mythology that you get him as the son of Hermes and Aphrodite. Originally he was considered to be another form for Aphrodite. There's also a statue of Aphrodite where she has all the breasts. Like they're just hanging off of her like a cow all the way across her chest like crazy. Can't find it with googling to recall the actual name, but that's another kind of neat form of Aphrodite.
Is your current boss also federal? They will not fire you for applying for other jobs if you're already federal. If anything they'll try to argue you into having a later start date so they can keep you longer. It's up to you whether you want to accept the GS 7, but do NOT put in your 2 weeks notice yet. It will likely take WAY longer then 2 weeks to onboard you in the federal position. If you decide to take it let them tell you when you're starting and only then give notice. Especially if you can't afford to miss a paycheck. You can go back and reject the job offer even if you previously accepted it. This isn't slavery. You can always say no. Just keep in mind that if you say no then the chances are high that it will be more difficult to get a federal job in the future. HR doesn't like to be jerked around by people accepting then rejecting offers.
Accessory would be the minimum they'd charge him with. I fully expect that he'll be charged with first degree murder with a ton of other charges (as well as federal charges), but until he's formally charged it's unclear what the prosecution thinks will stick to him. The national press started to finally pick up this story so I expect to see a lot more information coming out soon. ADN is a great little paper, but they're not the best reporters.
It's okay. Her mother told her it would be fine. Fraud? What fraud?
It's so funny that the national press is finally picking up on this. They never picked up on the last "teens murder other teens" story out of Alaska. This one is a bit more dramatic (though the previous one seemed sadder to me), but it's interesting how it's finally being picked up.
[The murder of 16 year old David Grunwald.](https://www.adn.com/alaska-news/crime-courts/2018/12/28/second-teen-convicted-of-murder-in-slaying-of-david-grunwald/) He was also with friends, smoking some pot (which is legal recreationally in Alaska) in a camper when one of his friends got pissed. He pistol whipped David, packed him into his own car, and took him into the wilderness. David was concussed, confused, and begging for help when he was marched into the woods, shot in the head, and his body left in the snow. Then his "friends" torched his car. David vanished right before Thanksgiving and his body was found just before Christmas. His poor family were just wrecks on the news, begging for news of their son while he was missing.
If your agency has a mentorship program, sign up for it. If nothing else it's someone with more experience to talk to on the regular so that you can find out more about your agency. Also, many agencies have a "New Employee Orientation" national meeting once a year. Get your supervisor to agree to let you go to it. Not only is it a great crash course in what your agency does in different regions but it's also a GREAT way to meet fellow employees. Networking out of your office is one of the hardest things to do, but also one of the most rewarding.
I’ve never seen a good explanation. The best I’ve seen is that one of the murderer was pissed because he thought David had smoked too much of the pot and didn’t have the money on him to pay for more. Which seems like a really stupid fucking reason to murder someone.
You're fine. Technically you only have to certify once you hit 120 payments, but that is NOT recommended as people will change jobs at least once over 10 years. Just re-certify once a year and right before you change jobs.
Sov Cits continue to astound me. Why would buying a foreign driver's license enable you to drive in the US? Especially since the whole sov cit thing is supposed to be that you were "travelling" instead of commercially driving and that magically protects you from speeding tickets or some shit. Can someone give themselves a brain injury and explain the logic to me? I think knocking out some brain cells may be the only way the argument starts to make sense.
Okay, I'm not a sov cit. But basically my understanding is that there was a case [Thompson vs. Smith from the Supreme Court of Virginia](https://casetext.com/case/thompson-v-smith-24) that they're using to basically claim that "travelling" via automobile is a right, not a privilege due to cars being the modern mode of travel. They conveniently ignore the full case text which says that cities and states have the right to regulate travelling in the interest of public safety. And that this was a Virginia Supreme Court decision, not a Federal Supreme Court so it technically only applies to Virginia. Using this court ruling as a shield they're under the delusion that they're legal to "travel" however they wish and no government authority can stop them with pesky things like drivers licenses or speeding tickets. However, since they understand that these are a thing they've come to the conclusion that "driving" requires the transport of cargo, like a commercial truck driver, which is why they're so fixated on insisting that they're traveling by car, not driving one. Or at least that's how I've come to rationalize their argument. It's a load of steaming crap, but if you VERY selectively choose your sources and ignore everything else then it does make a twisted sort of sense.
I'm rapidly hitting "too much internet for the day" territory. Is this guy seriously trying to claim that white Danish people are an indigenous people and need protections from scary minorities?
Curses! Foiled again!
This is going to be a tough one. First of all you need to run down if the adoption actually went through. There's a couple ways you could try to do this. First, you can try to contact the state the daughter was born in and try to get a copy of the birth certificate. Depending on what state you're in you may or may not be able to easily get a copy. That said, if the child was formally adopted then her grandmother's name will be listed under "mother" and your wife's name will be absent. If your wife's name appears on the birth certificate there is a chance that there was not a formal adoption and your wife may have signed guardianship papers instead. If you can't get a copy of the birth certificate you're going to have to plunge into family court records. Contact the courts local to where your wife was when the child was adopted and see if there are any court records about it. If you can't find either of these yourself you may have to hire an attorney to do the research for you. But the important thing is to identify if the child was actually adopted or if there was just guardianship papers signed. Guardianship can be fairly easily revoked. Adoption is VERY difficult to revoke. If you do find proof that the child was adopted you're in expensive lawyer territory. So shop around. Find a lawyer who you like that seems sensible about your case and ask them about the fraud angle. If the grandmother actually got her daughter high to coerce her to sign legal documents that could be considered fraud. That said, this is going to be a major she-said, she-said situation so you want to find a lawyer who's going to be practical and blunt about your chances. Also, keep in mind that if you do lawyer up over this it will likely harpoon your relationship with the grandmother. The downside of this is that you will likely lose all access to the child unless the court case is settled in your favor. If you lose or if the case goes nowhere you could permanently be cut off from the kid and this would be legal. If it were me I'd try to run down all the research, but tread carefully. If you can do the majority of the research without the grandmother finding out, do so. But whatever you do don't let her find out that you're researching this until you're prepared to take her to court and your attorney thinks you could win. As heartbreaking as things are for you now, it may be better to stay a part of the child's life without the legal tie then losing all access to her if your case fails.
He pretty much deserves it too. Stupid people drag race on the major road near my apartment every weekend and it causes accidents all the time.
And he’s 16 fucking years old... I mean there’s stupid decisions and then there’s *stupid as hell decisions.*
Possibly. That, or it could go worse because the judge wants to scare him into never doing anything that bone headed ever again. Bare minimum he’s getting his license revoked and probably a shit ton of community service hours once he gets picked up and charged.
Oh this would actually be kind of hilarious. And it would really teach the sov cits a lessons since Homeland Security has a habit of locking people up and forgetting about them for several days/weeks at a time.
I hope this is actually it because it makes way more sense and the principal seems like less of a crazy person with this explanation.
We had this happen at a (very rural) park I worked at as a teen. It was this family’s vacation money and almost 3k in a money clip that fell out of someone’s pocket at the beach. They came back the next day asking if anyone had turned it and and we’re just devastated that no one had. We let them into the park for free to go look for it even though everyone (even them) were sure it was gone, especially since we’d had a huge storm the night before. Yet, an hour later they ran up to our ranger station beaming and with a soaking wet money clip saying they’d found it right next to the bench they’d been sitting on. I was really happy for them, but surprised they’d found it.
I’m also wondering if the transfer could have been legit. I mean Becky has been nursing the mother for two decades. There’s a chance that the mother did this as a thank you and actually wants Becky and the LAOP to split the house. In either case someone should figure that out before the mom dies.
Once they open it they better give us an update no matter what it is. Even if it’s just junk, I want an update dammit. Double the update if it turns out to be money or something sinister.
Taos has (slightly) better housing prices, especially if you're willing to live outside of town and drive in. That would keep you closer to Santa Fe as well if you like that town. Taos is about an hour and a half from Santa Fe while Las Cruces is over 4 hours away.
TIL that there is a list of 14 allergins that all EU based restaurants must list on the menu or have waitstaff prepared to inform the customers about. Why can't we have that in the US??? That actually sounds really nice.
My bff has a severe wheat allergy. After accidentally poisoning her a couple times I’ve purchased a set of “friend safe” dishes and cookware that stays in a plastic tub unless I’m about to cook for her. The last couple times we cooked together everything was wheat free but she still got sick so we figured it was trace amounts from the dish ware itself. I can’t even imagine how frustrating it must be in daily life to have an allergy that severe when even trace amounts lay you up or risk sending you to the doctor.
Fuck that. The Jesuits are the only Catholic priests I still like these days. They’re metal.
Yes, ye ol’ plausible deniability. When a complete stranger in a position of authority steals your contact information and starts harassing you without end when you’ve given them no indication that you want to talk to them outside a work setting. But since the LAOP didn’t expressly tell the guy that he’s a complete creep and to leave her alone she’s left the door open and he’s free to harass her. Gag me. People like that should NOT be in positions of authority. Hopefully his supervisor takes this seriously and either severely reprimands the guy or straight up fires him for this.
It would have been good practice for your own kid at least. Good on you and your wife for being there for them. I read an article written by a woman who developed postpartum psychosis after giving birth and it was an absolutely terrifying read. Her husband pretty much had to stay home 24/7 because she couldn’t be trusted with their baby and she’d do creepy shit like stand in the baby’s room for hours just staring at him like the people in Paranormal Activity while her delusions ran in her mind. Glad your sister-in-law is feeling better and hopefully she continues to improve. That’s a scary thing and I’m happy for everyone that they’re getting through it.
What fresh hell is this?
Don't check the LAOP's post history! It's full of delicious looking cakes and now I'm hungry. I'm very curious as to why this housing association seems to think that they're only renting to the LAOP and her partner instead of having sold the property. You'd think that this is something that wouldn't be difficult to enter into their system. I'm also a little surprised that they didn't retool the locks when they bought the place so the previous owners couldn't keep a key. That said, I hope they find an attorney willing to help and nip this thing in the bud before they find themselves with baffled tenants at their door, wondering why the house they just rented from the housing association has other owners. (I also hope the LAOP posts more cakes. They're very pretty cakes.)
Do you work for a public school system? If you do, you should qualify for the federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program after 120 total on-time payments to your loan servicer. The ability to use this program goes away if you refinance with a private lender. Before you refinance I would look into it to see if it would save you some money.
It doesn't sound like there is much you can do besides protest. Government workers are unfortunately not the most reliable about following through in a timely manner. Especially since it sounds like the person or company that outbid you was on top of things. Chances are they would have outbid you anyway on all three of the properties since they were willing to go over your highest bid for the one. I would also assume that you will be shortly contacted by the buyer who will offer to sell you the property for more then they bought it for. That, or they bought the property thinking that the area may be starting to gentrify and snatched up the lots so they could develop them later. Either way I'm sorry but legally speaking there's not much to be done.
Thanks! Just wanted to make sure. I had been planning to watch both debates, but until I saw this post I'd forgotten that they were happening this week.
Slime molds are gross, especially if you don't expect them.
Yes. It is WAY easier to transfer while within the federal government then it is to come in from the outside.
If you're still in the Santa Fe area I really recommend taking the high road up to Taos and seeing the gorge bridge. It's just gorgeous and there's a couple cute little towns to stop at with things to see. It's mostly a driving day trip so only do it if you want to take a break from hiking.
My cats are old and set in their ways, but when they pass and I'm forced to replace them I'm going to have to try and backpack train them like Gary. I'd love it if I could take my cat on a hike with the dog and I. Thanks for the inspiration Gary!
I sold my car to move here and still haven't replaced it. That said, I made sure that I moved to an apartment with a close bus stop with a grocery within walking distance. You can get that up on Montgomery and I'm very happy there. My office is a short walk from the bus stop as well, same bus route. It does suck if I have to go do any other kind of shopping besides grocery, but it's doable. I'm still saving to get a car, but that's more for the flexibility of being able to go explore on the weekends and to take my dog to the dogpark more regularly.
Depending on what you're allergic to, allergies might be worse. I'm allergic to cottonwood pollen and this spring was so bad I actually had to take time off work because my allergies transformed into one of the worst sinus infections of my life. As soon as they stopped sending pollen out I was fine though. Just keep that in mind.
Oh man. I think this is my favorite one. You just let the other attorney hang himself and his client all on his own. That is just fabulous.
My sister did this to study genetics at the University of Cork (Ireland) and later at the University of Manchester (UK). Both those schools were approved so she was able to do the FAFSA and then Sally Mae for the rest.
And yet in the manga somehow Zoisite was also paired with Ami/Mercury. In the original manga there's less of an implied relationship between Zoisite and Kunzite though... And there's a semi-popular fan theory that Ami may be Ace... But still, it's a weird difference between the anime and the manga that they actually made the two generals possibly *more* gay then the original source material. Not sure how that change came about. It could have been a word of god change that she left out of the manga.
Great posts so far. Can't wait for part 3!
I agree. There was a strategy on the stage last night with no one attacking Warren, Biden, or Bernie. Warren partly because she would have destroyed them with words and the optics of being mean to the lead female Democratic candidate. Biden and Bernie because they weren't there so why give air time to a candidate that's not even on the stage? I don't think tonight's debate will have that issue. I can especially see the other candidates picking on Biden since he's the front runner, but also has the most holes to be picked at. I just hope Pete doesn't fall into that trap. While he's still my favorite candidate I'm not entirely sure he's going to get the nomination this time around. If he falls short I'd rather have his options open so he could be the VP pick or be chosen as a Secretary or something rather then having him burned his bridges.
Most grocery stores near me are selling a lot of 4th of July themed baked goods. Swing by a local good one and see if they have any cupcakes or cookies in red, white, and blue. If you're feeling REALLY ambitious, call up your favorite local grocery with a bakery and ask if they can customize a sheet cake for you to be picked up after work. Ask them to decorate it in red, white, and blue and have them put "Buttigieg 2020!" or something like that on the cake top itself.
I read this comment and then immediately rushed over to the news to confirm it was true. What the actual fuck? So gerrymandering is bad, but the feds can't get involved? What bullshit. Thank goodness they've blocked the citizenship question. At least they aren't going to let that nonsense pass by them.
I would wet myself and cry if I saw this in person. Awesome job! I have to admit, I always pictured them as darker in color, but I'm so impressed I think that this will become my new mental image.
Chasmfiends are so large that if they existed in our world they'd probably be crushed under their own weight. Creatures with exoskeletons just can't grow that large, their own frames can't support it. Even if we went back to the crazy levels of oxygen we had in the past that enabled insects to grow so much larger we wouldn't be able to get a chasmfiend that large. Even if you could get the shell to survive, chances are it would move super slowly since it'd be fighting gravity constantly. That said, I'm glad that we're not concerned about the physics because I freaking love the chasmfiends. They're cool.
I'd do those rain guards at the top of your windows. They're easy to install and if you're driving through or parked in rain you can leave your windows cracked without getting a ton of water inside. They're nice. EDIT: Also, get a dash cam. The kind that are wired in are great because you never have to worry about them dying when you might need them.
A good friend of mine is celiacs and she's been known to interrogate waitstaff about prep stations, if the gluten free utensils are kept separate, the whole nine yards before we order. Some former friends would get pissed when she did that, but considering that even cross-contamination could make her sick I always figured she was doing her due diligence.
Theoretically you should be fine. In reality I wouldn't risk it. Just like you said you don't want to risk your reentry in the hands of a CBP agent who might not even know about the exception. Or the exception could be taken away with little or no warning. Considering that you could be detained or even deported before the issue was cleared up I just wouldn't risk it. Also, if you haven't already, see about getting a US ID card like a driver's license. If you're flying within the US you can use just your driver's license to fly which means that you could attend any US conference that comes up. Ignore me if you already have one!
Yeah, he’s getting very few interruptions. That said, he’s terrible at drawing attention and interrupting. He tried it once, didn’t succeed, and hasn’t tried since. We’ll see how he does this round.
It is his thing though and bringing up the God would hate what we’re doing to little kids is likely to be a good way to peel off religious voters. Plus it’s true. If there’s a Christian God, he would fucking hate the border camps.
I’m actually surprised by that. The moderators are ignoring him and he’s not stepping up enough.
I have faith. Second half will be even better. He has his feet under him now, he’s smart, there’s only going up now.
Because the crowd is going crazy and the candidates aren’t letting them cut them off when they overrun their time. Makes it less likely they’ll be able to hit all their questions which is stressful.
It’s going to be tough going into primary season unless things change. In order I think I like Pete, Kamala, Bernie, and Warren the best. But if Biden gets the nomination I’ll vote for him anyway. But I can’t cheer for everyone.
Basically it was that China is indeed a threat because they’re using technology to prefect their dictatorship. Then a pivot to the economy when he talked about how the Chinese tariffs are just a tax in disguise and that the American people would pay for it. That’s my main takeaway from it.
You cursed us! (No, it was for sure really going to happen.)
Shut up Hink!
I think Harris is going to be the “winner” of the debate but Pete is a close second. They’re both coming off very well.
Biden got absolutely murdered. It was great. I’m going to have to watch it again after the debate’s done.
I’m glad that they’re loving him, but I gotta say, Pete’s my favorite but Harris is killing it up on that stage. She’s in her element right now.
I’m watching on YouTube and I think I’m a little behind, but the feed is smooth. I just think I have a 30 sec delay or something over TV.
Personally I think the calling out Christians is going to be his moment of the night. I really think that’s going to be the thing the media focuses on after tonight. It’s good in my opinion. It’s a very good point and it could help peel some religions voters away from the right.
The first half was good, but it faded by the end. Liked that he pointed out that climate change is not an Arctic or coastal problem.
Harnessing the inspiration of the people? Omg. I’m dying. 😂
Oh I know! I’m still laughing about calling New Zealand.
He keeps pausing for applause that doesn’t come...
For me I thought the first debate was going to be the make and break moment of Pete’s campaign. It’s big time national attention on the stage with all the other big shots. And he’s holding his own! I think Harris is going to be declared the winner of the night but Pete is a close second. He’s really doing very well.
But what does Donald Trump have to do with New Zealand Marianne?????
There we go. I hit submit too soon! Harnessing love. God bless you Marianne.
Okay Pete is next as soon as Harris is done. Knock it out of the park, Pete! Bernie and Biden are following so you could be the closer!
Kamala Harris really was the breakaway star. She slayed Biden on that stage, it’ll be interesting to see if it sticks. Our man Pete held his own though and overall he did great. I really think that this was the exposure he needed to launch his campaign into overdrive. All in all it was a good night and WAY more interesting then last night.
At the moment Pete and Kamala are neck in neck with Pete ahead by about 100 votes. I’ll be interested to see where it settles in the morning.
So Harris being second in talking time means nothing? She’s both black and a woman. Double minority when it comes to politics.
He’s not dead, but he’s taking on water. He has to address the busing issue directly to survive and he better be careful. He could majorly turn off minority voters if he messes up his answer.
WHAT? I... I didn't know that. I am now absolutely horrified as I thought all this time the drivers were getting the tips. I actually feel really bad now, I didn't even realize that I was shorting them like that!!
It depends on who the Presidential candidate is. If Biden or Bernie gets the vote they'd be insane not to pick a younger VP who could pick up the rest of the base. Before last night Harris would have been the #1 choice being that she's female and a minority, but she obviously has her eyes on the Presidency and it's questionable if she'd accept VP. Not to mention Biden may be too upset to pick her now. Pete would also be a good VP choice. While he's white, he is gay and could bring in younger voters. He'd especially be a good choice for Biden as a VP pick. Bernie less so as he is really lacking in minority voter support. He'd be better served by still picking Harris. If Warren gets the nomination she'll likely pick a male running mate. Pete would be a good choice for her as well, or someone like Castro who could better bring in minority voters.
Do some research. In the last city I lived in there were a couple potters who would fire items for a fee. Where I live now there's actually a pottery dedicated makerspace an hour north of me that you can fire things at if you enroll in membership. Or if you live in northern Michigan, PM me. We have two old kilns just sitting in my dad's garage from when my grandmother passed. It's been like ten years and no one has used them. I think I could convince him to give at least one of them up.
I'd get a dot one since those are nice for both writing and drawing in. The dots help keep the letters straight and don't detract too much from the sketches. Micheals does currently have a 50% off coupon active if you go pick one up there. Otherwise, I love Moleskine. I'm a fan of the set of 3 cahiers that I keep in a Midori style leather and elastic binding so I can use a notebook for each "topic" but that may be too much to start with.
I’ll have to see if there’s a Japanese bookstore around online. I know there’s not one in my town. I love New Mexico but it’s not famous for it’s Asian culture.
....I really want to know what phone model this was...
Oh, that would work! And it’s pretty cute as well. Thanks for the heads up!
Proper bra sizing would be a lot cheaper then suing the NHS or paying for surgery out of pocket. And it’s simply amazing how much a properly fitting bra helps. I went over a decade in wrong sized bras and never again.
Same thing happened to my Aunt. She paid for breast reduction out of pocket (US) and within two years she was back to pre-surgery size. She’s always been a big lady and apparently her body thought the chest was a good place to store some fat. Hell, I’ve lost weight and the bra size is the first thing that went down. It was annoying since I’d rather other things go down first.
I’m not in Canada, but I’m going to assume that they have similar policies to the US. The LAOP says that the friend is paying a mortgage. If you have a mortgage in the US then home insurance is usually required by the lender. Granted, I’ve never owned a home so I don’t know how easy it is to let home insurance lapse without letting the bank know.
Great write up! Following the idea that the story may be heavily based on Buddhist teachings, what’s your speculation on where the story is going and how it will end?
Most Muppets have four fingers but the Swedish Chef has five. Why? They have real person hands for the Chef. A puppeteer literally puts their arms in his sleeves and uses their hands to play the role.
Also check to see if there are protected wetlands anywhere on the property. That won't increase your insurance rates or anything like that, but it'll let you know what areas of your property to avoid doing permanent changes to in the event you want to clear more land/do a timber sale/put in some hiking trails just for you. Besides the fact that wetlands are usually wet, there can be hefty fees for disturbing a protected wetland without a permit.
Yeah, I hope the LAOP stays on her meds... It sounds like she really needs them.
Probably the easiest way is going to be contacting the local city/village/county government. Try googling the city the house is in plus the word GIS. Many cities now have web maps to show property lines, floodplains, wetlands, etc. One word on GIS since I work in the field... It's notoriously unreliable. Especially when it comes to property lines. Take webmaps as a starting point, but don't take them as the gospel truth. I've worked with too much property data that had massive overlaps or glaring errors to trust such data.
If she stays on her meds she may be an excellent candidate for emergency housing services from her local area. And universities often have counseling services. My university even had a nurse who came by twice a week who could prescribe meds. That may be way less intimidating then going to the hospital considering her recent bad experience.
That's so funny. I remember reading a couple years back that Walmart was actually easy to lift from since they won't call on older people if it looks like they're stealing less then $20. I don't shoplift so I've never tried a practical approach to see if that was true. Sounds like the person who wrote that was full of it.
This is fascinating. A friend just told me that she had family that bought land in New Mexico decades ago based on a magazine ad. I wonder if it was for either of those neighborhoods. Now I really want her to figure it out!
The billboard near where I work is where I finally saw it. Apparently I either never noticed or it was on some other ad when I was passing by it. Personally I think signs in the stores themselves would have been nice. Either something on the doors as you come in/out or little signs at the checkout lanes. Smiths made it very clear when they were going to stop taking Visa last year with lots of signage and yet I still heard people complaining when it first happened. You're never going to be able to inform every oblivious person, but more signage would have helped.
Man, I am even more oblivious then I thought. I seriously didn't notice until just after Christmas. Mentioned it to some of my coworkers today and it was about 50/50 of people who'd heard of it vs those that hadn't.
THIS IS WHY AVENGERS INFINITY WAR/ENDGAME ANNOYS ME SO MUCH. Half of the world's population straight up dissolves into ash and floats away. We're at over 7 billion people right now. That means approximately 3.5 billion people vanish overnight. Supply chains would be disrupted, planes could crash out of the sky if both pilots vanished. Cars crashing into each other as drivers vanish. There would be mass chaos and a severe risk of famine as countries scramble to secure resources for their remaining populations while covering shortfalls. Then, five years later, after people may have been settling back into the new normal, EVERYONE WHO VANISHES COMES BACK. This is even more grim. Unless everyone manages to magically appear someplace safe you could have people appear in the middle of intersections as they'd been crossing the road. People plummeting from the sky as they had been on planes that aren't there anymore. Not to mention the chaos of people moving on/remarrying/selling left behind property. Also, again massive supply chain issues as the world may have started to adjust to feeding only 3.5 billion people and now we need to feed a full 7 billion again. The more you think about it, but more grim those movies get. Like, even if Thantos was in the wrong for his goals, undoing his actions may be even less ethical then the initial action.
Especially at 2am!!! I could see not turning your headlights on at twilight when you’re just over the edge of darkness. I just managed to do that the other day on accident. I took my car into the shop for some minor work and the mechanic turned my lights from auto to off for me and I didn’t notice. But at 2am it’s pitch black and you’d have to be in a very street-light friendly area to not notice or need headlights.
I think it’s just percentages. So if your tax burden is (making up numbers) $1k then they’ll send you a letting saying $60 went to Medicare this year, $500 went to DoD... etc.
Ah, I must have misunderstood her. All she says her she gets letters about where her taxes go. I assumed that was from the UK government, but it must be just the local. Either way, I’d take a state tax letter with the same info broken down for me. That would still be great since even state taxes seem like a black hole to me.
Eh, environmental laws are easy to skirt most of the time. You just do a half assed NEPA study and if you don’t have any obvious wetlands you’re likely good. If this is truely a fairly well drained wooded lot the NEPA would be a relatively easy report. Zoning is where you could really throw a spammer into the works. If the lot needs to be rezoned that usually means it has to be brought to the local planning/zoning board. Sometimes city council does zoning. Depends on how your city is set up. Get a large and vocal enough population to show up to the rezoning meeting and kick up enough of a fuss and you could probably intimidate the board into either slowing down or rejecting the request. Again, this assumes the parcel needs to be rezoned to whatever their mid/high density residential category is. It may already be zoned that in which case there’s not much to do. Next step would be to again get a large and vocal enough group to complain at whoever approves building developments. Again, that varies by city but it’s usually the planning department with consultation with engineering. Sometimes city council. This is where you can do real damage if you know what you’re talking about since you’ll have a site plan. If you either know what you’re talking about or hire a civil traffic engineer you can protest their site plan (driveway locations) and I’d really go after traffic impacts. For that you’d really need a professional, but developers always skimp on the traffic impact study. If you can punch some major holes in that and convince the approves that the developer needs to pay for a bunch of road improvements that can sometimes cancel a project for developers not willing to take on that cost. Besides that, getting the planning approval slowed or intimidated into rejecting the proposal would also help. All of the above would require that you get a decent enough group of city residents though. Ones paying taxes and voting in the city the lot is in. Often, local government doesn’t give a crap about surrounding communities when it comes to developments as they’re not voting for any board members and not contributing to their property taxes. And a high density residential development, even for low income housing, is going to produce a fair amount of property tax. Not as much as commercial/industrial, but way more then an empty lot.
Better then the 70s/80s? Building quality wise I mean. I think they’re trying to stress how absolutely sacred this wooded lot is. After all, their houses have been around since the 50s!! No one remembers that time! No ones even alive since then!!!!1 That sort of crap. Which doesn’t mean anything because unless the lot is solid wetland or a protected partk, whoever owns it can do whatever the hell they want on it provided they can convince the city to see their way. I mean, even if they get the low income residences rejected they could just turn around and clear cut it out of spite. The neighborhood couldn’t stop that.
Spoiler alert from a Yank: The UK will be just as ineffective to turning back the clock to the 1860s just as the US can’t make it the 1960s again. It’s 2020. The world is moving on and even though change is scary you can’t turn back the clock.
THANK YOU! That was a really great article and I'd love to read it again.
Kuru. The most famous and rarest prion disease ever. You actually don't get it from eating brains exclusively. Any prion infected meat can give you kuru, it's just that the prions that cause the disease are usually concentrated in neural tissue. This is an insanely rare disease though. It was literally one cultural group in Paupa New Guinea that was affected, and it largely died out after the people changed their funeral practices. The chances of Alaster dying from kuru are incredible rare considering he seems to have lived in Louisiana.
There's actually a weird science to hanging people. If you don't drop them enough they slowly strangle to death and it's incredibly painful for them. The Salem Witch trail executions were like that. They didn't drop them at all, they literally rolled the poor men and women off a ladder. Terrible way to go. If the drop is too long there have been historic cases where it partially or entirely beheaded a person. Which is upsetting for everyone involved. I've read history books that reference that there were actually drop tables for hangmen to help them calculate rope length for drops based off weight. Never seen them myself, but if you're into morbid history apparently it's out there somewhere.
Wow, that's actually pretty surprising. He must have managed to stay near a water source and actually been properly dressed which is better then 90% of missing hikers. I mean it's the desert in winter. Sure, days may be in the 50s, but at night it can get down to the 20s or below. That's hard to survive if you're not properly dressed or you don't have shelter. Good for him! He totally beat the odds.
I actually went on Amazon and ordered some more bags for me. They actually have some fairly good reviewed bags for cheap. I got a pack of 10 for about $11 that look like they'll hold an okay amount. At least as much as a regular plastic bag.
Thank you for this. My uncle died a couple years ago from kidney failure. Despite knowing that he was dying he never put together a will. To hear my cousins tell it, my uncle's partner was a gold-digging, asset stealing whore, but I met the woman and she was a perfectly lovely individual. I liked her more then said uncle and she nursed him faithfully to the end of his days. Lucky for her Texas has common-law marriages so theoretically she could have taken everything of my uncle's as his sole heir, but all she wanted was the spousal support part of his old police pension, their house in Texas, and the contents of their joint bank accounts. My cousins got all the Michigan property and she signed over a check for a life insurance policy to them. Honestly, considering that she could have legally screwed them I thought she was being extremely fair. Much more then she had to be. But to this day whenever my cousins talk about her they talk to her as if she's this massive thief who should be beaten in the streets and shamed for scamming them.
I totally get why the hotel did it, because I started reading the post saw "2-8 degrees" and thought "Wow! That's really cold. Do freezers even get that low?" Then saw that it couldn't be frozen and went ??? And that was with the warning that the metric system was going to be involved in the title. I can totally see a hotel employee fixating on the "oh god, 2-8 degrees, I have to put it in the freezer to save these meds!" and not rolling the critical thinking check to wonder what measurement system makes more sense. Especially since most people don't think about the metric system at all past high school in the US. Assuming they were taught it at all.
Wooooo! Congrats to all the winners!!
Great writeup. A big concern for me is if Iran is able to unite the Arab League against the US, they might also take the opportunity to go after Israel. I don't agree on a lot of Israel's policies, in a lot of ways I think they're making things more inflamed in the Middle East instead of less, but I do think that the country of Israel deserves to exist as a nation. If the US and Iran go to war-war I can see Iran going after Israel as the closest physical ally of the US they can reach with the full backing of the Arab League. Not to mention they could even spin it as the liberation of the Gaza strip. It just seems like an enormous mess. Unless someone blinks this has the potential to get really bad and I'm deeply concerned about the safety of people due to these seemingly pointless again. Why purposefully create a martyr!? Unless said general was currently plotting against US interests (to the point you can prove it in a court of law) why cause an international incident to take him out??? This just seems incredibly short-sighted and dangerous... I really want to know what the actual military generals and the career State Department officials thought about this plan before it happened. They had to have run the numbers to try and predict what could happen.... .....Please tell me someone weighed the pros and cons and this wasn't a spur of the moment decision.... PLEASE.
I do too. I was in highschool when it happened and while I was worried about the people who were surely going to die going into Afghanistan, I did think it was justified to at least try and go after Bin Laden. Iraq? Not as much. This? I'm still trying to wrap my head around what the fuck people were thinking to try and antagonize Iran like this. Let's be perfectly frank. Unless Iran manages to successfully pull Russia and China into this and make the conflict a true World War there's little chance Iran will be able to directly strike the US. They may be able to do smaller scale terrorist style attacks in the US, but they won't be able to engage us militarily on US soil. But they're sure as fuck going to be able to reach US allies in the Middle East. US allies that are already not terribly popular in the area. Cough, Israel, cough.
I have friends who managed to move here from Iran. They came over for university and managed to get a job permit and then become citizens. One lady I went to college with happily shared cookies her grandmother made her with me after going back to Iran for a wedding. I can't even think of how stressed out she must be right now. She's a citizen now, but all of her extended family is still in Iran.
If you did the animation stylized enough you could even justify the cats dancing like people. I mean, Disney animation has lots of animals dancing in their 2D animated flicks. You just have to purposefully clue the audience in to thinking 'this is not meant to look realistic' and you can go cartoony easily.
Repo! The Genetic Opera came closest for a few brief moments. There were lots of people who wanted to bang the graverobber.
Mulan is going to make mad money. It actually looks pretty amazing. The changes they made, in the trailer at least, look well thought out and actually more in line with other Chinese-made epic style movies. I'm cautiously excited.
Alastor is nearly confirmed to have been a serial killer on Earth. Husk is the vet with the drinking problem.
That's actually a big red flag. It is a known scam where people will either break into a vacant house or try to sublet illegally just before leaving a property. I'd be wary and on high alert going forward with this listing.
Well their realtor friend royally fucked them. Though I wonder how feasible it will be for a woman with a very recent bankruptcy to get the financing to build a home. Especially on such a narrow lot that may have property line setback issues. It may be an empty threat.
After reading this post I’m all itchy and paranoid. Man I hate bed bugs!
In my opinion it depends on when the item was bought. Back in the days when the government had to design everything we bought there’s a lot of over engineered products that will last forever. I hoard binders from this period. The things are older then I am but will never break. They could survive being driven over they’re so solid compared to the ones we buy from Office Depot today. When we switched to just describing what we wanted instead of dictating exactly how it would be made (in the 60s I think) quality started to go to hell. I have a work uniform for formal/special occasions I never wear because it seems like it was never designed to fit a human body. One wash in the machine will also destroy it. It fits the brief as far as color goes though so it’s still sold!
Wait, wait, wait... Kayne West got a place in Montana?? Why? Is this one of those crazy celebrity ‘we gotta prepare for when the poors rise up’ compound things? I’ve heard Zuckerburg has several of those.
I got my degree in Forestry. I'm in the forest all the damn time. I just went hiking last weekend because I was sick of all the people and needed some tree time. I do love Karen and Georgia, but I have to laugh sometimes because that "stay out of the forest" quote is so LA it's hilarious to me.
The more you know!
That or they had her pegged as a shoplifter from other visits but hadn't had the chance to call the cops on her previously to catch her in the act. She comes back, security assumes she's shoplifting again, and this time she's not.
I'm really sorry to hear that. When I got a new job I got much better health insurance then I used to have, but still used it like my crappy insurance. Then I broke my ankle. I was more upset by my impending bankruptcy then my stupidity over hurting myself, but I was in agony so I had to go to the ER. With my new insurance the total cost was $125. I was floored. I'd gotten painkillers, crutches, a bootie fake cast thing, and an x-ray of my ankle and it all cost me $125. I kept waiting for the actual bill to come in, but when I got the full statement from the hospital it showed that my insurance had picked up everything else. Going to the doctor for repeat checkups to make sure I didn't need surgery ended up costing more then the ER visit itself. I'm not relating this story to try and brag or make you feel worse, I just think it proves we need better healthcare in this country. I really love my healthcare now and think everyone should have a similar plan with the same costs. And since that's not going to happen anytime soon then I firmly believe we need to either expand to a public option (the original dream of Obamacare) or do the full Medicare-for-All. It's not fair that two people injured in the same way can both have health insurance, but one person can be bankrupted by the costs for care, while the other person has a relatively nominal fee in comparison. Because while $125 was a lot of money to me at the time, it was not the sort of debt that would make your average person doomed to bankruptcy.
What the actual fuck. That's horrible.
This is my favorite part of apartment living. Yes, sometimes it's annoying because it can be hard to get back to my apartment building before the management office closes for the day, but when I went to see my dad over Christmas I was sent three packages from friends/family and all three were safe in the office when I got back. It really is a major advantage of my apartment complex. I live in a city that has a reputation for being high-crime, but I've never had a single porch pirate.
Yesterday was a trip. I took the dog out for a walk and the birds were singing like it was spring. While there's part of me that wants a bit of weather and some snow there's another part of me that was thinking that was pretty damn nice.
Well that's not suspicious at all. While it could be incredibly bad timing, it sure looks like she was fired because they didn't want to come up with a pregnancy policy.
I personally lean towards the conspiracy theory of intentional failure. From other articles I've read it sounds like they have surveillance that proves the guards never did their rounds and falsified the records. If they have surveillance for that then they should theoretically be able to show that no one else got into the cell that night. Intentional failure makes the most sense to me also from Epstein's standpoint. If he was convicted and found guilty in criminal court then it would be MUCH easier for his victims to sue him in civil court. The burden of evidence for them would be much lower. By killing himself he not only protects all his pedo friends, he also protects his reputation (he's never been found guilty in a court of law, legally that means he's innocent of the charges forevermore), and he also protects his estate. Now, instead of victims suing Epstein from jail they have to sue his estate. And you bet that Epstein's family is going to do whatever they can to get his estate settled and closed as fast as legally possible. Once the estate is closed the victims can't go after Epstein for compensation. Not that compensation is everything, but considering they may have costs incurred from Epstein's actions, they deserve to be reimbursed for that at least. Considering that Epstein was the most valuable prisoner that jail had, I don't understand why he wasn't on some sort of higher watch. Maybe not full suicide watch (that's supposed to be miserable for both guards and prisoners), but some sort of "we're going to be keeping tight eyes on him so nothing happens until after court's over" watch.
Does anyone know if you don't have to take the full 12 weeks at once? So like, if you got a new foster care kid in your house, can you just take a single week off and then, if you got a second new kid, take an additional week off later? Or if you touch the time does any of the remaining leave vanish for the rest of the year?
Especially since from the LAOP's account her employment review was "you're too talented to work here so you're fired." Hopefully she got that final review in writing. It will look really bad for the employer in combination with her announcing her pregnancy because who on earth fires an employee when they're on the top of their game?
Agreed. I mean the dog might have had a good life with it's previous owners. But then whenever I go to the shelter I always try to target animals that have either been surrendered by their owners or have been there a while. I've gotten some great pets that way and have had zero worries about their previous lives.
Man, I just hope that someone helps her get her kids back. I've read some of the articles on her personal life before all this and it is BS that her kids got taken away as part of her escape from domestic abuse.
I think the issue is that the kindergartens make wherever they're put like that. They suck up all lifeforce (to create the gems?) so there's no vegetation and they probably create the canyons to give more access points for gems to emerge from. I'm in the camp where they create that ecosystem, it's not a naturally occurring one.
Very sad. Sounds like a drug deal gone wrong or maybe an accidental overdose and whoever he was with freaked out and hid the body. Maybe a gang related killing if his mother was wrong and he was part of the Simon City Royals.
Padme is an awesome character who's just butchered by her creator. She starts out as a 16 year old elected queen which, first of all, is pretty awesome. She further proves her political chops by being named a Senator which is like the ultimate Ambassador in our world. But then she falls for Anakin in the most lame way possible and dies of love after giving birth to her kids? Seriously? She can't hold it together for the sake of the twins she just gave birth to. No. Her love for Anakin is so great she can't survive without him and so she abandons her kids and dies because she has no will to live. For fuck's sake. They should have straight up killed her, had them save the babies somehow and Obi-Wan and clan should have named them. Padme should have been functionally dead through the entire proceedings. Her death was just a final slap in the face for her character.
Thissssss. The first movie should have ended with them arriving at Laketown. Maybe even the Lonely Mountain. The second movie should have been all of Smaug and the Battle of Fire Armies. Honestly, the only major change I liked in the Hobbit films was that they fleshed out Bard. It was very fairy tale and classical epic for the hero to appear and take down the beast in a one-two punch, but that doesn't work as well for modern storytelling. I didn't mind them giving him a family and a backstory since he's such a non-entity in the book.
The Tearling Series. The Queen of the Tearling is great. A mostly conventional sword and sorcery book, but with enough twists to keep it engaging and enough minor mysteries to keep it fun. I was looking forward to reading the rest. The Invasion of the Tearling is a bit weird. I was confused on why there was so much dystopian Sci-Fi in my fantasy and a little annoyed that the main character spends so much of the book walking around in a trance, but whatever. Sci-Fi and Fantasy blend well together anyway. Then came The Fate of the Tearling.... And for most of the book all I could think was WTF was I reading. It was weird. An entirely different genre of book as it went full-on horror. Weird shit with no backstory was added. Characters died horribly for no reason. Just overall terrible and bad. With the last book in the series so bad I haven't read the series since. Also, there was a lot of movie buzz after the first two books came out, but that buzz died after the third one. Erika Johnson hasn't published anything since and I wonder if the book might have damaged her career as well.
This makes much more sense then what Lucas wrote and would increase the pathos of Vader's creation. Too bad they went with dying from love.
They also don't give Anakin any reason to go all dark side. In the movies it's whiny guy can't get what he wants so the solution is to... murder a bunch of children? Why?? Seriously he can't just leave the Jedi? Or just give the finger to Yoda and make his relationship with Padme public. Padme is a major political figure, it's not like they could be worried about secret Jedi assassins coming after her. It seems like in the grand equation of "man these Jedi are stuffy" vs "better murder all these toddlers and join the dark side" Anakin just should have noped out and walked away from them both. I just think Lucas didn't do a good enough job of showing why the Jedi were so terrible that the Sith were an attractive alternative.
I have cats and bought Angry Orange to use as an enzyme cleaner/deodorizer and to keep my cats from peeing on certain things. Whenever I spray it I'm the one who gets short of breath. Apparently my concentration is still too strong and it's enough to trigger my very mild respiratory issues where no other spray has ever affected me. That was an interesting thing to learn.
Ha! No, that would probably be even worse for my health!
&gt; Yikeasaurus fuck. Almost lost it over that. Brilliant phrase! If I had gold I would gift it to you! Instead, have silver!
I've unfortunately never met a smart one then.
It depends. I have just my first and last name initials since I wanted to me more private. My sister posts her entire first name and the first initial of our last. Other people I’m connected to post their entire first and last name. It all depends on how you fill out the forms and what you allow to be shared. It’s sort of like Facebook in that regard.
It's $150 a month for 12.5 years when the daughter is already over 18. That's a LOT of unpaid child support. Other posts are estimating that this lady owes over $22k in back child support. At $150 a month, that's a steal.
If you're 200k underwater in your mortgage you have a couple options. If you want out I'd look into doing a short sale with your bank. Your lender HAS to approve a short sale and you have to meet certain conditions, but if approved that would let you walk away from the property. I'd only do this if you really can't afford it anymore. As you said the property continues to pay itself off I'd just keep it. Unless we're talking about an apartment complex in a ghost town, chances are that eventually property values will rebound. So long as you can afford it, hold on to the property until the value rebounds and you can sell it at a profit or otherwise break even.
If you're moving I rather like my apartment complex, Eagle Point. It's not the most luxurious place in the world, but management seems to care and keep things kept up. Everytime I've put in a work order they've fixed it very quickly.
This is exactly the car harness I bought my dog. It's one of the very few that are actually crash tested and it keeps her very secure in her seat. My dog is only a 20lb hairy thing, but it's still very reassuring to me that she will be better protected during an accident. I would definitely recommend them. The harness was a bit difficult to adjust the first time, and I think it was more designed for barrel chested dogs, but I did manage to adjust it to the point where my doggo is secure and safe in the harness. My only complaint is that the harness is not the best for walking. Okay for short walks, but when I take her on long hikes I have to switch out her harness before we start.
I can't believe his defense was "I was drinking at home! Not at the football game!" Like is his family going to go to court, look the judge in the eye, and say "Yes, your honor. I allowed my underaged son to have two beers with dinner so he could smell strongly enough of alcohol that he could get in trouble for it during football halftime." Especially since with the only age we got of someone else in the car (17) I'm going to guess this was a high school football game.
Yeah, I think she’s happy where she is, but I’m hoping that when the kid is older Duckworth will go for higher office. She’s pretty amazing and I think she’d be great in a lot of positions. POTUS material for sure, but she’d also be a great Sec of Defense or VEEP.
Edward VIII,the King who abdicated, did not have any children with Wallis Simpson, the woman he left the throne for. That said, there is a historical question of whether he chose to not have children to not confuse the succession or if it was because he and Wallace never wanted any. Chances are Elizabeth would have still been Queen, but she would have ascended 20 years later. (Edward died in 1972, King George VI (Liz’s dad) died in1952.) There also would have been a Nazi sympathizer on the throne of Edward stayed on, but again there’s the question of if Edward would have been quite as sympathetic if he hadn’t been forced to abdicate.
This is bad ALWAYS, but exceptionally bad when done to Native American students. The memory of residential schools and what they did to Native American kids to “kill the Indian, save the child” is still traumatic. Seriously, what was she thinking? Even if the kids were white this would be 100% unacceptable. There have been cases where people were charged with assault for cutting hair without permission.
TIL you can apparently bleach bills and then reprint on them to pass the pen test. I did not know that was a thing. Obviously I would be a terrible forger.
I’m not a gun person, but what really are the differences in gun colors? I mean it’s not like the guy ordered gunmetal grey and got millennial pink. He probably ordered grey.... and got a different shade of grey. Especially ordering online where you often can’t get a very accurate shade over the computer monitor.
I kinda really wish the LAOP had given us an idea of how much their idiot friend charged on this “curtesy” credit card. If I throw common sense out the window I could see the LAOP’s friend charging $20 on it thinking it was a prepaid debt card left for them. If he tried to charge $2,000 then his story falls apart even more then it already has.
I was frightened the day I realized that people own Hello Kitty guns. I'm pretty sure they're custom, Sanrio isn't licensing them, but still. There are Hello Kitty guns out there. The only firearms 100% guaranteed to not be used in a mass shooting. The shooter would be too embarrassed to pull it out.
But that other window has a linnneeee. And you're just sitting there! Why can't you sell me a ticket since you're obviously being paid for nothing. ....I got chills just writing that. That was like a bad PTSD flashback there.
Can I ask what country you were in that lent you a smartphone? That's just so odd to me that I'm wondering where such a thing is an offered service.
I've been thinking about the timeline. Honestly, it could happen, but it would be REALLY tight. So like, lets say the friend finds the card the day he gets into the AirBnb. I'm going to assume here that the owner of the card doesn't realize it's missing yet because they would have likely tried to cancel it if they did. The friend within a day or two of finding the card makes at least a few major purchases. Both to hit the grand theft target and to trigger the card fraud alert. The card company lets the charges go through but sends an automatic alert to the card owner with one of those "Is this charge really you?" texts/emails. The card owner freaks out and calls the card company. If the amount charged was high enough I can see the card company requiring a police report to dispute the charges. The card owner goes and files a police report. All of the above could happen within a week. Within a few days even if the friend immediately uses the card and the card owner responds quickly to any fraud alerts. After that it gets more questionable. Either the police depart was REALLY on top of things, there was no other crimes going on, the card owner has a personal connection to someone on the force, or the card owner really got an officer's attention/sympathy, because tracking down the friend was FAST. Likely they would have only gone after the friend if they were really making a lot of very high charges. Maybe the card owner got another fraud alert while filing the police report? Who knows, it's all speculation for this bit. Anyway, if the police got security footage of the card being used and the card owner identified their AirBnb guest I could see this all happening in a month. But it would be a very tight month and the cops would have to be REALLY on top of things to make the arrest in time. So either the LAOP's friend is the unluckiest guy ever or he was charging so much to this credit card that the police actually went out of their way to prioritize the case.
Yeah, the first time I read the LAOP's post I somehow deleted the 'not' in front of 'talk to the cops.' So I figured, oh he's filing a police report and it sounds like the company is going to get him the workman's comp paperwork. Everything sounds kosher, the LAOP just needs to be reassured. Then I reread it and realized the sentence was to NOT talk to the cops. Yeah. There is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
And pitbulls have STRONG jaws. It's one of the reasons they're so dangerous when owned by terrible owners and why they're favored by dog fighters. It's not like a chihuahua where the puncture wounds and the chance of infection would be the worst thing about the bite. A pitbill can do tearing damage and even if it released clean there could be some pressure/crushing damage. AKA, a serious bruise.
I had a cat who didn't ever retract his claws and loved to climb me for cuddles. All over my forearms I have scars that are only starting to fade after 3 years. (RIP Pip, I miss you, you evil cat). I actually had someone ask me if I was alright because he once got me with every claw on the side of my wrist. It was really awkward trying to reassure them that I wasn't cutting myself, just a cat who didn't understand the concept of 'no claws' that would bite to kill if I tried to trim them. I don't think they believed me.
Every time I see people with pitbulls I think of the poor woman who was torn apart by her own dogs. Both pibbles. They think the dogs started squabbling with each other, she tried to break it up, and they tore her apart. It makes me sick to think of something like that happening. I'm sure there are nice pibbles, but I won't ever adopt one. I like my little 20 lb dog who's small enough that I can easily overpower. Both for the fact that I can easily restrain her if she tries to bolt after something and if she did go nuts and try to attack someone I could easily get her off/away. EDIT: I don't know why the downvotes, but if it's for the first paragraph it totally happened. More then once. This was the [first thing that popped up when I googled for the story](https://apnews.com/bf755319e6fe4c0e832b10fe6f464953), but this was the [actual case I was thinking about when I wrote it.](https://www.foxnews.com/us/autopsy-confirms-virginia-woman-22-mauled-to-death-by-her-own-dogs)
My sister bought me silicone straws for Christmas. They're actually somewhat clever, they have a seam on the side that locks into itself but can be opened for cleaning. They also don't transfer heat/cold like metal straws. They do a surprisingly good job of sucking up liquid, but I absolutely hate them because I feel like a mondo-douche for using them. But if you're in the market for douchey reusable straws, the silicone ones are probably a better option then metal and way less breakable compared to glass!
Yeah, to me that screams of the cop being afraid that you're going to choke to death on your own vomit and doesn't want to be liable for your death/can't spare the resources to babysit you to make sure you don't die. I would also agree that if you're that drunk the hospital might be a good stop to make sure you don't have alcohol poisoning.
But he wasn't in the car! He was outside of it, trying to get into any white car thinking it was his wife's car! Logic THAT! ....He's not going to have fun in court. At all.
I am so confused... Is there a meth lab or isn't there? Is there an actual formal restraining order? Was there even a drug test or is the mom just saying that there was? If there was a drug test, how can the mother prove that the hair belongs to who she said it did if they're estranged? What did the results come back with exactly? This post has too much drama for me. No diagnoses, but these women just need to take a break and stay away from each other for a while. Maybe forever.
For us, the spare key stays at the office on the off-chance that we permanently lose a key. The guy who maintains the work vehicle pool hoards all the spares.
Because medically you can't diagnose without seeing the patient themselves for a consultation. Allowing non-medical people on the internet to heap on actual medical diagnoses doesn't help in the slightest because there's no way to know if the situation being relayed is true. I can spin a story about my sister to the internet that would make everyone scream that she was a certified narcissist. She could probably tell some about me that would make people say I'm bi-polar. Neither are true. Labeling the person in the 'wrong' with actual medical diagnoses doesn't help the situation at all and can actually harm people who are formally diagnosed with these disorders. I think it's a good rule for this post. There's a lot of drama in this recounting and throwing around unasked for medical diagnoses from the internet confuses the issue.
Yeah, I dug into the comments a bit more and the LAOP says they don't do drugs and have passed drug tests in the past. Sounds like the mother either got the hair from someone else or made up the test entirely.
I think the point that someone made that none of that is proof as the employee could have been stealing from work was a good one. Though that means that there's literally zero proof you could give besides the boss vouching for you. A bad place to be when the boss is out ice fishing.
I..... You know what? If that's what it takes to save and expand the Affordable Care Act then sure. Trump invented it. Those evil Democrats. Let's give it to them and expand it to Medicare for All already! Woo!
Show Yourself is the better song. It has the potential for being a drag staple until the end of time since there’s a really easy double meaning in the lyrics about not just looking for someone, but looking to meet the true inner person inside of you.
PM'd you!
Sorry, I left the codes at work instead of bringing them home last night! PMing you now.
Now see, there's a super easy way around this scenario. You go into the booth, fill it out the way Daddy wants, take a picture, and then scribble all over the ballot/tear it up. Go back out to the line, say you've ruined your ballot, get a new one, and vote however the hell you actually want. That said, this is really slimy. My own father and I disagree on a lot of things, but he's never once told me how to vote. He's encouraged me TO vote, but never told me how to.
Depends on the state. In some it's legal and in some it's not.
From the other thread that proposed these, they suggest unequipping the shield/sword item before sending it over in the event that the other person doesn't trade back. Also, there's a theory going around that you might be able to use Pokemon Home to transfer between different profiles on the Switch. If that's true you could do a second play through, get the legendary again, and have a full legendary/item to trade on your main profile. That second one is just a theory though. We'll know more when Home is actually released.
Finally! A hate group I can stand behind! Down with CO chile! Up with Hatch!
Oh man, now I really want curry.... This is amazing. I really hope you post all the recipes so we can make curries of our own!
The only thing I can think of is that he wanted to get into the house for some reason?? But if his intent was to break in for some reason, why climb the roof and go into the chimney? The house was vacant, he could have broken a door or window to get in instead.
Seriously. I snooped in a lot of (under construction) homes as a kid. Before they put anything valuable in they usually leave the door unlocked. I would never have gone into a chimney. I never thought one would be even passable, even as a little kid. The news is saying the chimney was 9x13... That's not much space.
He murdered them in Celebration Florida, famous for being one of the most fake cities in the world... What a terrible human being. Murdered his wife, their three children, and even the family dog. I just don't understand family annihilators.
Okay this is horrible so I'm putting it in spoiler tags just in case people would rather not know... The good news is that Harley likely didn't dehydrate to death. &gt;!The bad news is that he likely died of suffocation or from a brain hemorrhage. Our bodies are not made to hang upside down and it sort of sounds like he went in head first. Hanging upside down causes your organs to move up and put pressure on your lungs increasing the risk of suffocation. John Jones, the man who died after 28 hours being stuck hanging upside down in a cave, is believed to have died from suffocation from his own organs pressing on his lungs.!&lt; &gt;!Even if you have enough oxygen, hanging upside down for too long can cause strain on the heart which can cause heart failure. Additionally, while our feet have evolved to have a system to force blood back up into the body, our heads do not. Hanging upside down for too long will cause blood vessels in our brains to hemorrhage and kill us. We're not talking about an hour will kill you, but other people who have died from being trapped hanging upside down usually die in a day instead of the 2-3 days it would take you to die of dehydration.!&lt;
I was wondering if he thought there was stuff in the house to steal. It was right before Christmas. Maybe he was looking for things that he could give for Christmas presents? I just cannot fathom what was in the house that he wanted so badly he decided to go down the chimney for it. There should have been better/safer places to skip school. I know I found plenty growing up. Some in the school so my parents didn't find out I was skipping classes.
This case is more interesting with the idea of a family in such denial that anything could have been wrong more then what actually happened. Diane was high, she was incredibly drunk, and she was likely a functional alcoholic. Whether she purposefully drove down the freeway or she was so drunk she didn't realize what she was doing doesn't matter. There was nothing secretly wrong with her medically like the family wants to think. This was a series of bad choices she made and all of the deaths she caused (including her own) was her own fault.
As for the why she started drinking that day I also think it was a fight with her husband. That said, I've read another post on reddit where someone went into the timeline deeply and apparently the father of one of the girls Diane killed called her at some point. He realized something was wrong and told Diane to stay put and he'd come get the kids. This seems to have panicked her (maybe she knew how bad she was) which is when she started driving extra recklessly. The theory put forward is that Diane was trying to race home to beat the rest of the family so she could better hide the level of her intoxication. She may have driven down the wrong side of the road by accident, not realizing she was on a divided highway. From accounts it seems she was doing a good job of staying in the lane... It's just the lane was on the wrong side of the road.
Do you know a functional alcoholic? They're people who drink so much and so often that you can't tell they're drunk unless you do a breath or blood alcohol test. They act like normal sober people until something goes wrong (one drink too many? a little extra tired?) and it all comes crashing down.
I still wish they'd kept the bit where you could use the leave to care for sick family members. Most of my coworkers are past childbearing and either couldn't care less about this benefit or are a bit hostile that they never got anything like it. If you could use it for caregiving/FMLA leave then they might like it more.
Ask your counselor about summer school. You may be able to do accelerated make-up classes to replace this year’s failing grades. Also, be sure to ask your counselor how any repeated classes will appear on your transcripts. If you want to go to college failing your freshman classes is not the end of the world. You just have to be sure you show improvement and write a very good essay that touches on why you did poorly and how you learned from the experience. Even if you don’t wish to go to college or wish to go to community college where transcripts are less of an issue it’s still good to know how your failing grades will be reported so you don’t get any surprises if you need to show someone a transcript for something official. Good luck! And like the other poster said, this is not your responsibility. If your parents are truly that overwhelmed they can try reaching out to various services to try and get some help. It’s okay to take the time to focus on yourself and your own schooling. It’s not selfish to take some time to focus on your own future and meeting your personal goals.
Do you have any records of the trust at all? Documents with account numbers? Official statements from the bank? Anything? I find it concerning that the bank doesn’t know that the trust exists. It could be a simple mistake, the old executor could have moved the money to a new financial institution offering better terms, but if you can’t find the trust itself you have no way of checking your numbers against the total remaining. You and the other beneficiaries of the trust may want to consult together with an estate/trust attorney. The more information you can give them about the original trust or where it was moved to, the more likely they’ll be able to find the accounts. I’d focus on finding the trust before starting to worry about the accounting.
But it’s soooo regulated! So very, very regulated! There’s private companies that suggested regulations and everyone agreed to follow them on the honor system which is the best kind of regulation. After all, self regulation is what got us in The Jungle and that turned out SO WELL. /s for the people in the back.
Did his description of how margin trading works make sense to anyone else? I was under the impression that margin trading was very risky for everyone involved, but he makes it sound like it should have been a no-risk situation for him until this incident suddenly went wrong. Is that true? I'm afraid I don't know enough about investing to dispute his description.
If you figure it out, tell me. I'd love to get rid of them.
Just PM'd you!
That was a flaming dumpster fire. I don't know why it's so difficult for people to talk about the actual legal way of evicting someone instead of being like "Change the locks! Throw her stuff out onto the street! Anarchy! Wooo!"
Usually civil judges just get petty people bickering about petty stuff. Other times they get gems like this. I wonder if it's hard for the judge to keep a straight face with this sort of motion.
I just moved to the State where the Toy Box Killer operated. Had to drive to Truth and Consequences/Elephant Butte for work and the entire time I was there I was looking at everyone I met and thinking "Were you one of the accomplices that got out of jail?" I sped like hell getting out of town that night, lol.
Serial killer from New Mexico. Kidnapped vulnerable women and sexually abused/tortured them in a trailer. Made a disturbing tape that he would play for each bound victim to listen to as they woke up, in his trailer after being drugged. Had a surprising amount of accomplices, including his girlfriend. It's rumored that the local police either knew about his actions or took part as well. It's suspected he killed several women and may have murdered up to 60, but no bodies were ever found or recovered. They think he dumped the bodies of his victims into abandoned mine shafts near the community of Truth and Consequences. He was only caught because one of his victims managed to escape, fleeing naked in only an iron slave collar and padlocked chains. Later, two other women came forward with similar claims on how they'd been tortured. They'd been drugged so often during their abuse that upon being released they hadn't been sure what had happened was real and no one believed them. Even though it's thought he murdered so many, he was only convicted of kidnapping and sexual torture of the three women who survived. He died in 2002 of a heart attack while in police custody why being transferred to be questioned again by the police who were still trying to find the bodies of his victims.
A cat jury would totally convict him. Cats are assholes like that.
At different points of my life I’ve loved different books more or less, but I think Thud will always be my all time favorite. Besides Small Gods no other book has affected my life more and the ending with its condemnation of racism without actually making it obvious is just powerful. Snuff plays up that aspect more clearly, but Thud does it without you realizing that’s the point until the end. Mr. Shine. Him Diamond!
From the sound of things I greatly suspect the daughter’s story, but he could have gotten a job as a dishwasher or as a cleaner. Those are the lowest ranking jobs at a restaurant and could be filled by someone who’s illegal. Even at a very nice restaurant those jobs would not be paid much.
Only explanation that makes sense. Finding a reason to revoke the lease makes sense. Somehow stealing title of a condo without a complicated legal proceeding makes zero sense. It’s too bad. If they were illegally evicted and focused on that part we might have been able to help. Instead they are focusing on the legal issue where they have no leg to stand on rather then the one that may actually help their situation.
The problem with it is how the hell does it mean the humans beat back the White Walkers the first time? This is the second time they’ve invaded. The stories of the first invasion are only legend, but it’s heavily implied that they beat back the WW once before. So how? If the NK is the original NK from the first attack (and it appears he is) then how did they defeat him without killing him the first time? He doesn’t have any new powers to contend with, the first time there was no wall he was stuck behind... How could they have possibly defeated him without stabbing him and destroying the entire army like they did in the show? That implies that either the NK can and will be reborn (which would have been a nice twist to end the show on if D&amp;D didn’t suck so much) or they defeated him some other way in the past. So how? And why did they suddenly decide to come out now? In the books it implies there’s a method to the White Walker madness and more may be going on then people realize. It’s theorized that there may have also been some kind of treaty or agreement that humans have forgotten about that the WW are finally pissed enough to be attacking over. But the question remains. If killing the NK ends the threat of the WW and the dead permanently then how the fuck did they defeat them the last time?
What the fuck. How the hell did this situation manage to get worse??? Thank goodness the LAOP has an attorney that seems to have her back now and the courts are taking an interest in these creeps. Too bad it took actual kidnapping of another child to do it.
The Magdalene Laundries in Ireland were notorious for this. Young, unwed mothers would be sent there and would practically be enslaved, cleaning laundry in an early industrial setting. They'd have their babies, get them weened, and then one day the kid would be just gone because the nuns would adopt them out without warning or permission. The last Magdalene Laundry closed for good in fucking October 1996. At one former laundry they found a mass grave of over 150 women and children who'd died while imprisoned at the laundry and were buried without ceremony. It's a horrible part of Irish history and you're absolutely right that it really only ended when it became more socially acceptable to be a mixed race family. That, and partly destigmatizing single mothers. Granted, not every child adopted internationally has been trafficked... But enough of them are that you have to go into an international adoption with your eyes wide open and VERY carefully pick your agency if you don't want to contribute to human trafficking of minors.
I believe it's the total cost.
They (very unfortunately) need a few high profile cases of their children being picked up by immigration and held for long time as they try to figure out their citizenship. That'll hopefully weed out the ones who are just fearful. The ones who are doing it for pure control won't be affected though.
Then who???
Joke from the TV show Archer. In context saying they have an "open relationship" means they have an open adoption. Out of context it could also mean that the nice couple are banging their kid's biological mother, her older children, and her current partner. Phrasing is basically a joking way of pointing out accidental innuendo.
Yeah, it sounds like if the kid was adopted by a hetero couple he never would have tried to contest the adoption. Hopefully he says something to that vein in court so the judge can just throw this out. The kid's been with the LAOP for 14 months. They're her family. There's no reason to remove her just because bio dad is upset that she'll be exposed to the gay.
What the actual fuck....... Wow. Some people are about to get scammed hard by people hiding behind this licensing to make it seem like they're legit.
None of my coworkers who live in East Mountains or Edgewood came in today due to the snow. I'm actually geeked that we're getting some in the valley too. I know it's going to suck during rush hour headed home, but I like the little bit of snow we get.
OMG, that is hilarious. The coworker who called in from East Mountains said there was 6 inches on the ground and it was still snowing this morning. Either he's at a much higher elevation somewhere or he was straight up lying because he knew we'd never go around the mnt to check.
Yeah, the moment when the bells were ringing and Dany was fighting with her rage I fully expected her to send Drogon up and take the Red Keep down to its foundations. Not the city. She barely paid attention to the keep and that’s where Cersei was! They even had the scene with Cersei bringing the small folk into the courtyard of the keep/inside so taking down the Red Keep could have killed a lot of innocent people for the argument that she’s unfit to rule and John needs to take her down. It would have made a lot more sense, would have still been war crime central, but wouldn’t have been completely out of character.
Aww, well I won’t tattle on him. Everyone needs a mental health day every once and a while.
I got my plates with zero issues and a full 15 days before my tags expired. From reading reviews that is not always the case and the #1 complaint I see about carvana is that they don't get their plates in time. I'm getting a feeling it may be a state-by-state issue. That, or something wrong with the process of getting the registration information to the DMV.
OMG, I did not know this was even happening!!!! First impressions is that I have no idea what to think. Carrot looks okay, Cheery desperately needs a beard, AND WHERE IS COLON AND NOBBY NOBBS? Also, who's the guy with earrings in the second to last picture sitting next to Cheery?
Why would she start speaking in an affected female voice? Cheery can talk like herself, no matter what gender the actor/actress is that they hire. I think if taken slowly and written respectfully, Cheery could be a perfect depiction of someone coming out as trans or non-binary. Especially at the start if they have it, like the novels, where she slowly starts to implement more feminine aspects into her wardrobe. Also, if you took some of the author's narrative and put it in as dialogue it could help. I'm thinking specifically of the passage where Pratchett talks about dwarves reacting to the fact that some of their sons are actually daughters and how that is baffling to the older generation. Dwarves could also be an interesting way to depict same-sex marriages. After all, if all dwarves present as male then having dwarves in gay relationships (visually) is the norm. Which you could then do an interesting storyline where two dwarves start dancing around courtship, get to the 'uh, actually what gender are you' talk, and find out they're the same gender. What does that mean to a dwarf where everyone presents as male? Do they continue the relationship because no one would ever know otherwise? Or, even though everyone presents as male, is actually being gay still frowned on by dwarves? Are they forced to hide their relationship? Or does no one blink an eye?
Yeah, at the moment it looks like a ripoff of Carnival Row more then anything else....
Formal will readings aren't really a thing anymore. Even back in the day they weren't really a thing until you go WAY back to where literacy levels become an issue. They mostly exist in modern culture as an excuse to bring drama to movies and TV shows now.
Yes, but only if you promise to leave some dark family secret that you only reveal in the video will. Like your children are adopted. Or you had a second family and you’re leaving it all to them. Or that the only way to inherit is to have a Battle Royale style fight to the death and your lawyer has already left and locked the doors.
All family annihilator are pieces of shit. Drop the bullshit. We’re not letting male family annihilators off the hook just because this one was female.
This is so strange... as a child this is the story I learned in school. I grew up in the Metro-Detroit area where Rosa actually lived, so maybe that’s why we heard the true version. It was as an adult I heard the story that it was a planned protest that she was picked for and assumed that was just another example of a complex story being simplified for children. As in implying that she was chosen for this protest, to a child’s mind, would invalidate it somehow so they left that bit out. It’s so bizarre to me that I learned the true version first and the incorrect version after. Most history related things are the opposite.
As an agnostic child I was actually kind of crushed when I found out how the books were supposed to be an allegory for religion. My parents gave them to me hoping that it would help with my struggles with religion (they were religious), but I didn’t pick up on that at ALL until The Last Battle picked me up and smacked me across the face with it. That said, I do still enjoy the series. I agree that publication order is the way to read it, so save The Magician’s Nephew for almost the end. Also, I will say I do find some aspects of the books troubling. Other people are saying how much they love A Horse and His Boy and I get it. It’s a great story. I desperately wanted to be a horse girl so a book all about a journey with a horse was my jam. But the heavily coded Middle Eastern world its mostly set in is.... troubling. Especially when it’s also coded with how much Christianity is better then the people who don’t practice Christianity to the south. It’s not overtly Muslims are bad, but it’s easy enough to read between the lines and see it... and the female character in that book is ravaged by the God lion Aslan for disobeying her parents and running away from a forced marriage. I always hated that part. The books are a prime example of classic books written in a certain time period. I’m not saying burn them all because cultural mores have changed and the books no longer match what’s acceptable. I’m just saying that as an adult I’ve read them and though “ooh, that’s not good” and then kept on reading. All that said, the Silver Chair was the best book. That’s right. Fight me.
I didn’t get that she was hoping the servant would be whipped, but yeah, that is more accurate. But still. Teen fleeing arranged marriage with middle aged dude. I can totally get why she’d not think the consequences through as she fled that.
Yeah, I’m not British but Brenda has gone way beyond the religious discrimination angle. She’s moved on to full on harassment. Pounding on the doors like that and trying to open a locked door should be more then enough to get a restraining order in my book. I mean, what would the LAOP done if the door hadn’t been locked and Brenda had just let herself in?
It’s not a perfect one to one representation. I’d still say that there enough trappings to make it clear that the Calormen are supposed to be Middle Eastern without making them come out and directly say “Oh hey, praise Allah.” The men wear robes and turbans with turned up shoes. Women wear veils. They talk to each other as if they were directly out of 1001 Arabian Nights with the super long titles. They have political positions that are actually called Viziers. The blessing they speak whenever talking about the ruler is suspiciously close to the blessing spoken in 1001 whenever people talk about Muhammad. They’re dark skinned. They both own slaves and are brutal to them. Women have no freedoms. They’re obsessed with poets and quoting them (another 1001 tie in). In some of the book covers (specifically the one with the huge bridge and the city on the hill) the architecture has domed buildings like you would find on classical mosques. It could have been just that Lewis was doing an homage to 1001 Nights, but considering all the trappings, stereotypes about the Ottoman Empire sure got dragged in. All in all that book in particular is full of Orientalism. Which isn’t per se bad. It’s not good, but it’s not outright bad. While the book is crawling with stereotypes, it’s not as offensive as other period pieces about the Middle East. Considering when C.S. Lewis was born he was pretty must raised in Edwardian Orientalism, which continued to be insanely popular. That the Calormen are supposed to be a stand in for the Middle East isn’t exactly text. I would hesitate to call it subtext as well. It’s more of a cultural shorthand that has NOT aged well but completely understandable in a man who was raised in some of the height of British Empire exceptionalism.
This exactly. I thought low flow shower heads sucked until I moved into a place that had installed a good one in an area where the local water doesn’t cause a ton of calcium buildup. It may not be as good as the ones I remember from my childhood where you could practically take the skin off, but it gets me clean fast and rinses out conditioner well. Shower heads really are one of the household things to spend money on. A well engineered low flow is infinitely better then a poorly designed one.
Every time I look at it I read STFU instead of SFTU.... I think the first one may be more accurate.
Not the same thing, I know, but reading this post REALLY makes me hungry for good bibimbap...
I'm usually willing to give doctors the benefit of the doubt for medical stuff. What something looks like from the outside can be different then what people are feeling on the inside and there are lots of barriers to communication that can make getting a correct diagnoses difficult. But did that doctor seriously misdiagnose a stroke as someone who'd smoked too much pot?
Thinking about it, this is probably the answer. Especially since I've gone into the comment dive and there's one from a doctor that says the ER doc MAY have thought that the LAOP was in the ER as part of a drug seeking attempt. The sort of thing that they admit the pot, but they're really after painkillers or something like that. Combine that with youth and it could be really easy to miss a stroke. For the kidney issue, I can see them being mistaken for regular stomach pain. Especially if there were other issues making it difficult to express how much the LAOP was in pain/where exactly the pain was located. I would have hoped that a kidney infection would have turned up on blood work or something of the like though. Assuming here they even did something like that...
From accounts from people who've survived strokes the major symptoms for the person having the stroke seems to be knowing that something is seriously wrong and confusion. I mean your brain is getting blood on it and frying neurons. It's not good for rational thinking. Those accounts are usually from people who suffer major strokes though. It sounds like the LAOP may have had a minor one.
Thank you!!
Seconding Credit Karma Tax. I already use them to monitor my credit so it's easy to use them to file my return. Federal is 100% free and for me state filing is free as well. I'm under the impression that can be state dependent though.
THIS all the way to the top. PP psychosis means you're actually psychotic. Your brain is so far gone over the edge you can't tell how bad you are. Additionally, you may have symptoms of severe paranoia making you think that everyone is out to "get" you to make you even less likely to ask for help. It's not depression, it's full on psychosis and needs a person to be put on anti-psychotics until their brain calms down and they can get back to normal. People with PPP can get full on audio and visual hallucinations and become incredibly deluded which is what makes them such a danger to themselves or others.
We're cool, Ragnarok's not coming. ...But if he befriends a **second** one, watch out.
In short, everything was WAY too rushed. Characters changed personalities without any buildup. People teleported around the continent when earlier it took weeks to get around. Modern morality suddenly punched in and took to lecture the audience about how terrible we all were. A character who sat in a chair and stared blankly into the middle distance for an entire season was elected their new monarch because he had "the best story." His nomination was from the prisoner they were trying to figure out whether they were going to execute or not and he was 'elected' by a VERY small council of top families. The Scotland stand in country broke away from the union in the middle of winter after most of the population was slaughtered by zombies. An episode earlier the new Queen was lamenting that they didn't have enough food to feed their people. Now they can starve independently. I could go on, but I just keep getting more and more annoyed by it all. The main issue though is they took two to three seasons of material and shoved in into part of one season. Nothing had the time to develop or breathe in a believable way.
And the desperate need for a third movie so they didn't have to give Harvey Weinstein as much money.
Yeah, but even Rowling is screwing it up. The new Crimes series was envisioned as 7 or 8 new movies. They're going to be lucky to get 4.
The worst part is that so many decisions COULD have worked if they'd been given time to breathe. Arya going home because she felt called back to help her family instead of missing them so much could have gotten her back through the door of Winterfell. Her taking off again could have happened if she got back, lost the rose colored glasses, and realized she didn't fit in anymore. But instead she spent way more time trying to get home then actually being there, banged a boy, and decided to take off. After teleporting onto the Night King and pwning him.
Uuggggggggh, how I hate that this is a thing. No one should get sick, break an arm, or in the LAOP's case have a minor heart attack and get out of the hospital worrying about how they're going to pay the bill. There should be full on Medicare For All so we don't have this nonsense anymore. Everybody would pay for their health insurance in taxes! The basic stuff is covered for everyone! Hell I'd be content even if M4A didn't cover eyeglasses and dental. It just needs to cover the preventative, emergencies, and 'I need this or I will die' treatments. Lasik, plastic surgery, and other elective procedures can either be out of pocket or people can buy private insurance for that stuff.
Attorneys are attorneys. Accountants are accountants. If someone isn't professionally trained in both they should only stick to the subject matter they ARE a professional in. Honestly, if my attorney said to me that they'd reviewed the financials and it looked fine I'd be more worried about their qualifications then them saying I needed to take the financials to a professional for review. While it's possible to be both an attorney and a CPA it's not super terribly common.
Believe me, I'd love to steal the Canadian system in its entirety. I know that there are times when Candadians come to the US (usually for more speedy treatment), but I'm sick of stories about Type1 diabetics going to Canada because it's the only way they can afford their insulin. I mean really? Diabetics need that shit to stay healthy and live. They shouldn't have to ration themselves or take trips to another country to stock up. It's ridiculous and I hope that people in the US are finally sick enough to make some progress and socialize the fuck out of our medicine. There will likely be a transition period that will be annoying and awful, there usually is for big changes, but the benefit would seem to far outweigh the costs. I'd even take a tax raise to cover it. I have really good health care through work that they take out about $150 a month from my paycheck for. (Which, I know, dirt cheap for healthcare in this country!) I don't even want to know the cost my employer pays for the rest. Even if my taxes went up $100 a month I'd be thrilled because I'd still be paying less then my current contribution and I wouldn't see anymore GoFundMe's about sick people who need help paying for their cancer treatment. I rarely use my insurance besides my yearly preventative checkup. I would be thrilled to help pay for someone who actually needs care.
I don't usually talk when I'm watching something on TV. It's just not the kind of person I am. I spent a huge chunk of this documentary swearing at the TV. At one point I jumped up (I'm pretty sure it was the Dad talking about his affair with the dude) and shouted "What the fuck is going on!?!?!?" so loud I scared the dog and she went to hide under the couch. This documentary is like watching another species. I still can't figure out what was going through these people's heads.
It's a boob. It's a sack of fat and tissue designed to protrude so babies can feed better. Just because as a society we've decided that boobs are sexy doesn't mean they're designed for sex. Plenty of other cultures don't give a fuck about boobs because they recognize that boobs are for babies. It's so dumb.
&gt; It’s no coincidence that breasts and buttocks are very similarly constructed and expressed as are lips and vaginas. Butts designed the way they are in order to make squatting to poop easier. When you squat the buttock naturally spread letting you poop easily. When you stand the buttock closes again so things like flies have a harder time getting at our anus to feed. The vagina operates largely on the same principal. You don't want nasty things getting in your vagina so you have lips to help protect the delicate internal tissue and vaginal opening. It's also the same reason why the penis has a foreskin, why noses have hair, etc, etc. Sure, humans think parts of the above are attractive, but really it's function over form and we're just lucky that we find the function attractive.
Yeah, we're not at full incel yet, but the bad sex-ed crowd has showed up at least. I wait with baited breath for the dumpster fire if this gets any more popular.
I can see them being in such deep denial that they didn’t recognize the molestation up until the first kidnapping. After that there is no more excuses. You had to get the fucking FBI involved to get your daughter back. The FBI itself told you to cut all contact with the guy. AND YOU LET HIM STAY IN YOUR LIFE TO KIDNAP YOUR DAUGHTER AGAIN! It’s a real “fool me once/fool me twice” situation only the scenario is the rape of a minor. Being gullible is one thing, but those parents were fucking idiots.
New Mexico major research lab? Oh hey, I know what that is! And they’re idiots. I can see asking to ban pregnant women if they have genuine concern about the equipment being tested, but not women in general.
There have been books about people going to magical schools published before (The Worst Witch series immediately comes to mind) Harry Potter and there are books with that concept that have been published after (Kingkiller Chronicles takes place in part at a magic school, The Magicians series, etc). The key for you is likely going to be showing how your books are different. If your protagonist is the chosen one who defeated the big bad as a baby and is the only one who can defeat them when they return you're too close to Harry Potter and you likely won't get picked up.
There's also a short story read/acted on the No Sleep Podcast with a premise that reminds me of this. A woman is hitchhiking. The male narrator sees her and he slows down as if to pick her up and then speeds up and takes off. This really annoys the woman and when they both arrive at the same truck stop she decides to get some petty revenge by claiming the guy tried to kill her, accusing him of being a notorious serial killer in the area who targets hitchhikers. The man protests that he never even picked up the woman, but no one believes him. Some of the truckers at the stop know people who've been killed and are about to commit some vigilante justice when the woman panics, realizes they're really going to hurt the guy, and confesses that she made the whole thing up. In disgust, the people at the truck stop insist that both of them leave. Right now. The woman gets in the man's car and they drive off together. The woman awkwardly apologizes to the man who only then admits that he actually is the serial killer and he'd been surprised to be outed. The story ends with him reaching into his shoe to grab the knife to kill the woman.
lol, every time I see that name I just want to shout "Space Force!" while doing jazz hands. It really is a terrible name. I can't take it seriously.
My dad owns a 119 year old farmhouse. A couple years ago I helped him redo the front porch and found the timbers supporting the deck were REAL 2x6s. As in they were fully planed and they were 2x6 still instead of the smaller modern size. They were also 100% hardwood and weighed a goddamn ton each. My dad was devastated because the beam on the far end was mostly dry-rotted through. We were trying to figure out how we were going to replace it since we never were going to be able to find a beam of the exact same dimensions when the neighbor across the street walked up. He took at look at the problem and told my dad to just come on over. My dad went to his barn and got a new 100 year old true 2x6 beam free of charge because my neighbor had a stack just stored there for repairs to his own barn. My neighbor also gifted us the original floors that our farmhouse was built with. The people before us tore them all out to replace with carpet so the neighbor collected them all and stored it. We're still waiting for the energy to reinstall them, but they're wide plank tongue and groove floors that are made out of solid maple. They'd cost an insane fortune to buy new now. Long story short, make friends with farmers who have old barns. They may have a hidden stash of antique wood for repairs.
Seriously. What adopted dog has papers? Most of the time shelters can’t identify the breed right and put down anything the dog looks like that may interest people into coming in to look. My shelter dog was listed as a Shih Tzu when I adopted her. She’s over 20lbs and has a very long muzzle. I don’t know what she is, but a purebred Shih Tzu she is not.
You’re lucky. I know that my dog had a favorite toy she was dropped off with because was mentioned in her paperwork. I didn’t even get that when I adopted her and she was in the shelter for a week before I took her home.
I've heard some things about the Alta Vista apartments that I found a little troubling, but other then that I don't know why that area would be so cheap. I've not driven into that neighborhood, but going past it, it seems pretty nice. No worse then anything north or south of it.
Jesus Fucking Christ. I usually don't complain about titles, but I really wish this one had a warning tag on it. That was a VERY upsetting post and I was expecting something fun from the title.
This is what I think too. Especially since she apparently had a history of waking up during the night and going to her parent’s room. She wakes up, goes to look for her parents, can’t find them, and leaves the hotel room. Once she’s out she can’t find her way back. After she left, there’s only speculation on what might have happened to her. She might have been grabbed by an opportunist predator. She might have been struck by a car and the driver panicked and hid the body instead of reporting the accident. Personally I think she might have fallen somewhere or gotten scared and hidden herself somewhere, got stuck, and died. It’s very sad, but that seems like the most logical explanation to me.
The ransom note is what convinced me that either someone in the family did it or they’re trying to cover something up. Who sits down and writes multiple drafts of an extremely long ransom note in your victim’s home???
I do t know if this is the place for it or both but I hired Sarah to hem some curtains for me and I was exceedingly pleased with the results! Sarah managed to chop off all the kitty damage, hemmed them to the exact length I wanted, she was incredibly fast (less than 24 hours!), and I thought her prices were very very fair. I can’t overstate how neat her work was too. I think she hemmed the curtains better then the store I bought them from! All in all I thought her services were great and if I need any other alterations done she’d be the first one I’d contact! Thanks so much!
What happened to all of Chad’s kids? Did they also have different mothers? If Tammy was their mother, who took custody of them? Or are they all legal adults already?
Yeah, I actually feel for the LAOP. While it’s definitely hard to date when you’re fat, it looks like they went into this specifically to get a reaction and they got the one they’re looking for.
Especially since just looking at the cart should be a reminder. I forget shit all the time, but if I have a visual reminder I’m less likely to forget something. It’s the reason why I almost always shop with a list these days. You’d think that between the bathroom and heading towards the car he would have looked at the cart, noticed the lack of bags, and remembered he hadn’t checked out yet. Unless he really did bag everything in the cold bags which makes his story less credible that it was a simple mistake.
Wondering the same. There have been times when I had problems feeding myself and I always went to food banks to make up the difference. I’ll be the first to say that food bank food isn’t always the best and I often came out with stuff I wouldn’t have bought for myself, but it was always better then not eating at all. Between food banks and ramen I made it through those stretches. And I never even thought of shoplifting....
“Oh fuck! That’s it, I’m- I have an annuity but I need cash now! Call JG Wentworth. 877-CASH-NOW!”
This times a billion. I live in New Mexico and the same thing happened here. We have entire subdivisions that we’re platted and sold in the middle of nothing that no one can build on because there’s no services or water. I’d be really careful if I was the OP. Especially since desert homesteading is very difficult compared to more temperate areas. All the good farming locations in New Mexico have been claimed long ago and dry farming takes a whole different mindset then most people are used to.
Same here. It could be that the guy wanted to score (like the LAOP seems to want us to think), but it also could have been that the LAOP was berating his wife, being more violent getting her to the car then needed, and the guy was genuinely concerned that if she got into the car with him he’d seriously beat her. Considering he got a DV charge I’m thinking it might have been more of the latter, or at least the police were convinced of the latter.
53 in a 35??? That’s 18 mph over. 90 in a 65 is 25 mph over. If the LAOP was my kid they wouldn’t have to worry about the 90 day suspension. They’d have to worry that they wouldn’t be allowed to drive again without a parent in the car until they were over 18 and even then they’d be buying their own insurance. Even though the 53 in a 35 is less over, that’s still a lot over. Especially in such a slow zone which means there was either a lot of driveways or it was a fairly residential area. I won’t pretend to be innocent and have never sped in my life, but 20mph is a LOT over.
Yeah, he says he got a DV charge which means the police thought there was something wrong with the way he was treating his wife. If he’d been charged for the guy he fought with it would have been a straight assault charge, not a DV one. So whatever happened, the police sure thought that there was something wrong between the LAOP and his wife.
Yeah, this case is wild and it will likely have a very unhappy ending. With all the deaths that have already happened (the ex-husband, the ex-wife who’s now been exhumed, the brother) it’s just wild. It would be completely unbelievable, but it’s happening in RL.
I’m confused. So this happened overnight and there were no records of the door being opened? Even staff keycards leave a record that they opened the door. And how did the staff even know that there was that much cash in the safe? Was the LAUKOP in the room sleeping during the theft? I’m just wondering if there was a theft at all.... if he’d be drinking or something he could have moved the money and forgot about it.... I mean it’s questionable that someone could have even gotten in if there was no record of the door being opened and it happened in the middle of the night when the LAUKOP was presumably in the room.
Hey! I actually lived in Alaska for five years before moving down here in late 2018. I’m loving the change. There’s things I miss (glaciers, moose, salmon) but overall I’m much happier here then I was in AK. There’s a lot more to do in Albuquerque then there was in Anchorage and I am loving the warmth and length of our winter days. Also, green chile. It’s amazing. If you’ve never left the state I recommend traveling when you get the chance. The world is a big place and I love seeing more of it.
I can’t remember the timeline. Did the drive by happen before or after Charles was killed?
I’m horrified and yet not entirely surprised that debtors prison is still a thing in parts of the world. Though... why? Actually, no one answer that. I like to pretend my faith in humanity isn’t completely misplaced.
A judge can and I would not be surprised if that was the next step. The judge will put out an arrest warrant in Idaho and ask a Hawaii PD to serve it. This is a high enough profile case where arrest and extradition makes sense, especially if there’s any concerns that Lori and her new husband may flee to SE Asia or anywhere with a direct Hawaii flight. The real question is what bail is going to be like. Contempt of court is usually considered a misdemeanor and a very minor charge. Bail is usually minimal. However, there’s a very high suspicion that Lori and/or her husband have killed both of her children and may have had something to do with some of the other recent suspicious deaths in the family/extended family. I’d say that whatever bail is set at will help indicate how sure the police are that they can nail her for murder. The higher it is and if there are any restrictions to her movements (like must wear a GPS bracelet or can’t leave the state) will show how guilty the PD suspect her of. I always thought the chances of the kids still being alive was pretty low, but as she hasn’t produced them I think the chances that they’re okay is zero. Even if she turned them over to a cult compound, the cult would have produced the kids then locked them back up after the police completed their wellness check. Chances are there’s no living children to produce at this point. I feel so bad for the grandparents. In interviews you can practically see the hope draining out of them day by day.
So I wanted a less confusing write up of the major points of this case. Hopefully this is one. Let’s start with Lori Vallow/Daybell. Lori is on marriage number five I believe. Marriage one ended in divorce with no children. Marriage two ended in divorce with one child, Colby Ryan. He’s now an adult and has put out a video asking his mother to tell everyone what happened to his half siblings. From the sound of things he and his mother were not particularly close. Marriage three also ended in divorce, but the ex-husband is now dead. I can’t find much about how the guy died, it sounds like it may have been a heart attack and not suspicious. This marriage produced Tylee Ryan who is the 17 year old missing girl. (EDIT: The reason why Colby and Tylee have the same last name is that Tylee's father legally adopted Colby when he was a minor. However, from all accounts Colby's bio dad is still alive.) Marriage four was to Charles Vallow. This is where it starts getting complicated. Charles is the brother of Kay Woodcock who is the biological grandmother of JJ Vallow who is the other missing child. This means that Charles is biologically JJ’s great uncle. Charles and Lori adopted JJ to give him a better life. I can’t find info on what happened to JJ’s bio mom, but he was apparently in his grandparents custody when they agreed to let Charles and Lori adopt him. Charles was killed during a custody dispute last year. He and Lori were in the middle of divorce proceedings when Charles went to Lori’s house to pick up JJ. According to Lori and her brother, Charles and Lori got into a violent argument over custody. Tylee heard the argument and exited her bedroom with a baseball bat which Charles took from her. He then ~~threatened Lori with the bat~~ (EDIT: See minor corrections in next paragraph) at which point Lori’s brother shot and killed Charles. At the time of his death there does not seem to have been much police attention to the case and there’s a good chance the police believed the story. That said, there’s apparently police body cam footage out there from when the police got there showing that Lori and her brother’s stories contradict each other. I can’t find an article with the video to be able to say precisely how they contradict each other and if it’s on major or minor parts of the story. (EDIT: Minor correction corner! I finally found a news article that has police bodycam footage and more info about Charles's death. According to [Fox 10 Phoenix ](https://www.fox10phoenix.com/video/649551) Charles hit Alex Cox (Lori's brother) with the metal baseball bat which is why Alex shot him. Immediately after the shooting Lori left the scene with JJ and Tylee. It is not clear where Lori took the kids. Tylee was apparently with Lori when she returned to talk to police, but JJ is nowhere to be seen. Perhaps she'd dropped him off at school? Also, apparently Charles was at the house in the early morning as he was there to pick up JJ and take him to school when the altercation happened. If you watch the Fox 10 video you can see brief parts of the police bodycam footage with Lori and Tylee. Tylee's face has been blurred out and you can hear very little of what they're saying, but Lori seems very calm for someone who's husband has just been killed. The police seem to have fully believed Lori and Alex's story and only started to re-investigate the case in November when they learned that a different police department was looking for Lori's children. This has been minor correction corner.) However, since Charles’s death two very strange things have happened. Charles was killed on July 7. In October Charles’s Jeep was used in a drive by shooting targeting Brandon Boudreaux, the ex-husband of Melani Boudreaux who is the niece of Lori. The second very odd thing is that Alex Cox (Lori’s brother, the man who killed Charles) died on December 12. His death is still being investigated. Marriage five is with Chad Daybell who’s wife Tammy died of “natural causes” very unexpectedly in her sleep. Chad had five children with Tammy and I can find nothing about where any of those kids are. I can’t even find if all of them are adults or if some are still minors. It appears that they’re not with Chad, but they’re not considered missing so hopefully that means they’re all accounted for. Anyway, two weeks after Tammy’s death Chad married Lori. Since then Tammy has been exhumed and sent for autopsy as she did not have one initially. Which is dumb considering she just dropped dead and was quite young still. Okay! Now that all the marriages are out of the way... The timeline of the kids vanishing! So Lori moved the children to Rexburg Idaho in late August/early September 2019 after Charles’s death. This makes sense considering Charles had just been killed in her previous home. She enrolled JJ in a local school on Sept 3. On Sept 24 she suddenly unenrolled him claiming that she was going to homeschool him instead. It does not appear that she attempted to enroll Tylee in any schooling, though at 17 Tylee should have still been in school. Sept 23 is currently the last known sighting of JJ alive when he was at school. The last known sighting or Tylee is also in September, but it’s unclear exactly when. On Oct 25 some friends of Tylee received a text from her number saying she missed them. This is not proof that Tylee was alive at the time as she only sent the one message and did not reply to any other communication. Also, some articles quote her friends saying that the message was strange as it wasn’t written like the majority of her texts. JJ’s bio grandparents, Kay and Larry Woodcock asked the police to do a wellness check of JJ in November. They were very close to JJ and used to video chat him regularly. The last time they were able to do so (in August) they said it seemed like someone else was holding the video device and the call was very short. Police preformed the wellness check on Nov 26. While speaking to Lori they were told that JJ was sent to live with a friend in Arizona. The police followed up and found that JJ was never sent to said friend’s home. When the police returned to Lori’s home the next day they found that Lori and Chad had abruptly left with no forwarding address. Now to backtrack a sec. Remember how I said that Lori and Chad married two weeks after his wife’s death? Well on Oct 9, days after Brandon was shot at from a dead man’s Jeep, Tammy was shot at with a paintball gun by a man wearing a mask. Ten days later she was dead. At Lori and Charles’s wedding Charles told guests that Lori has no children. Specifically he said that Lori’s daughter Tylee had died three years ago (she’d been seen alive a month prior). He apparently did not mention JJ, but as JJ was adopted he may not have fully considered him Lori’s child. (EDIT: It is not clear if he mentioned Colby at all. As Colby was a legal adult at this time and not living with Lori he may not have been mentioned.) And that’s pretty much where the case stands. Lori and Chad were discovered living in Hawaii but they don’t have either child with them. They also refuse to produce the children. Lori and Chad have been named persons of interest in the children’s disappearance, but at this time there is no indication of what happened to the children.
Part 2 time! Part one was just the timeline, this is where it gets super weird. So to start, I have to say that Lori and Chad would consider themself Mormons. That said, they’re on the fringe of Mormonism in the weird cult direction where mainstream Mormons would likely say they’re not actually Mormons. I’m not a Mormon, I’m not trying to protect the Mormon church, I’m just saying this because it does bring some context to what I’m going to write next and I don’t want people to think that Chad and Lori’s statements are reflections of mainstream Mormonism. Okay, so last time I started with Lori... here we go with Chad. Chad Daybell is a writer and the owner of Spring Creek Book Company which publishes the majority of Chad’s books. Almost all of his books are Mormon focused, but the only one that’s relevant to this case is his “Standing in Holy Places” series. This series is a fictional novel series of five volumes. I’ve copied the description for the first one from Amazon below. &gt;In the near future, Tad and Emma North and their children live in a United States that is growing increasingly wicked. The Norths and their extended family notice that many Latter-day Saints are being deceived by alluring temptations, and they wonder how much longer the Lord will allow American society to continue its downward spiral. &gt;Then comes an invitation from Church leaders for the Saints to gather together. This invitation isn’t well-acceptedand even openly mockedbut those faithful Church members who trust in the Lord soon find themselves accomplishing monumental tasks. Join these humble yet heroic Saints as they embark on an unprecedented journey to build New Jerusalem. Chad was also a bit of a doomsday prepper and either had a podcast of his own or was a regular guest of the Preparing a People podcast. Almost everything related to said podcast has been taken down, but it appears it was a Mormon focused prepper podcast from descriptions. So in 2015, Lori bought Chad’s “Standing in Holy Places” series and became ‘obsessed’ with them according to friends. At the time, Lori was married to Charles Vallow and they lived together in Hawaii. They moved back to Idaho in late 2016/early 2017. In June 2015, Chad apparently heard a voice from God telling him that he had to move to Rexburg Idaho. He and Tammy did so. I’m pointing this out primary to show that Chad and Lori were in different states at this time. If they knew each other it was online only. It’s not clear when Chad and Lori actually met for the first time. We do know that they were acquaintances by Dec 5, 2018 as they appeared on the Preparing a People podcast together. They appeared together in several more episodes after that, but that’s the first time we can tie them together directly. In Feb/March 2019 Lori vanishes for 58 days. She packed up and left with husband Charles stating he had no idea where she went. On Feb 8, 2019 Charles filed for divorce stating that Lori had threatened to kill him, stolen $35k from a business account, and Lori was starting to say she was a reincarnation of a god. I’m serious. The exact wording is that she believed she was a “translated being who cannot taste death sent by God to lead the 144,000 into the Millennium." Charles would ask for the divorce proceedings to be dismissed a month later to try and make his marriage work. So what precisely did Lori believe? The hell if I know. Some news reports say that in addition to the above Lori believed that she was sealed (aka eternally married) to the prophet Moroni and that she was the natural grandmother of Joseph Smith Jr in a past life. See what I said about her beliefs being on the crazy fringe of Mormonism? Oh, also Chad was apparently the reincarnation of the prophet Moroni. So there’s that too. Lori apparently also got her niece Melani into this cult. Remember, Melani is the one who divorced her husband who was then involved in a drive by shooting from the dead Charles Vallow’s car. Melani remarried almost immediately after her divorce. But we started with Chad! So besides writing LSD books and being a prepper, Chad claimed to have received many visions due to multiple near death experiences that allowed him to see the future. These future visions were the basis of his books. According to one news report, a family friend (Julie Rowe), stated that one such future vision was of the death of Tammy Daybell, Chad’s then wife. Who suddenly died in her sleep some time after said vision. Tammy’s upcoming death was apparently reported to Chad via angelic vision causing Chad to become weepy and distraught though there’s no mention of how Tammy took the news of her impending death. And that’s all I’ve got for the crazy cult/beliefs side of the story. Like I said, very little of this has to do with the vanishing of the kids, but parts of it may speak to motive. Or be the smoke screen to try and hide the true motive. I’m going to bed now. Enjoy!
lol, thanks. I'm glad they're proving useful. I've been trying to put them together for a while since some of the timeline articles I've been seeing are just so confusing. If anyone sees any additional information or finds a mistake PLEASE tell me. Sometime today I'm going to try to add a post with sources so people know I'm not just talking out of my ass as well.
LOL. Yeah, that was unintentional! I'll keep it in though. Mostly because it's funny though it does also describe how I feel about his work.
I totally am. Let me get together a source post and I probably will. I just want to be able to properly cite everything so I can give people the best article possible.
It does sound like you defaulted on them. If the loans were sold due to default you would not get the credit reporting/no payment protection. Statue of limitations for federal student loans are exceptionally tricky, I've never seen a clear answer of when the count starts in these scenarios. But no, I would take the 45 day mark seriously. I would also post over to /r/personalfinance to ask them how to deal with debt collections. I know you can sometimes luck out by challenging the debt collector to provide you proof that they owe your debt in hopes that they failed to obtain the proper paperwork, but that's a Hail Mary pass. It doesn't always work. I would also recommend seeing if you can go through the rehab process for this debt to see if you can get them back to federal. If you do, put them on an IBR payment plan as soon as you can. If you're making very little money the loan payment amount can drop to zero while still counting as on-time payments. You're going to have to try and get this resolved though. If you do not you'll have to be prepared for your credit score to tank. Also, if the new debt collectors try to sue you for the unpaid debt they can legally garnish your wages and tax refund to try and get their money back.
That's really cool! How large can the paper be to put through this?
Nope. They'd just have to sue you in your state. Not all that difficult.
My sister is in this limbo now. Her wedding is supposed to be in August and it's still unclear if its going to happen or not. I totally get the agony losing all that money. Her plan is to just get a justice of the peace wedding and to just have a massive party later if her wedding does get cancelled.
So I have a theory that the first ME was hiding behind semantics. I think what he was trying to say was that Floyd wasn't strangled to death. As in, the knee on his neck didn't crush the windpipe and wasn't solely the cause of Floyd's death. What I think actually happened was more of a positional asphyxiation. With Floyd on his stomach, hands handcuffed behind his back, with three people on him essentially did two things. 1) the person on his back combined with his hands there produced enough weight that he did not have the strength to fully inflate his lungs. 2) the officer on his neck did not close the windpipe, but did restrict it enough that he could not get air in. The cop on his neck may have also been compressing an artery to restrict bloodflow to the brain as well. Still totally the cop's fault, but a bit more complicated if it was only the knee to the neck that killed Floyd. Essentially I believe that the officers Burked Floyd to death. Because the asphyxiation was due to general compression of a large part of the body instead of acute pressure to the neck the signs are different allowing both MEs to be technically correct. This sort of burking death is the same thing that killed Kyle Plush in 2018.
It depends. Both of my local REIs are curbside pickup only. In other states some are actually open. It mostly depends on the state.
Have you seen the new Anti-Trump commercial put out by the Lincoln Project, a Republican group? It's brutal and targets the Confederate flag specifically. I have to admit that I'm pretty much done with the GOP right now, but that had me just screaming. They did good with it.
Was this a hallucination of mine, or at one point did he say he had all three books done? I swear that was a selling point when I first picked up Name of the Wind. I get that it may have needed extensive editing but it's been 13 years since the first book was published. I would have hoped that Patrick could have gotten the rewrites finished in that amount of time, even with his personal issues.
[https://dcf.wisconsin.gov/adoption/become](https://dcf.wisconsin.gov/adoption/become) You need to do this right and that means you will need an attorney to help you with the paperwork. If you can get an attorney to help you with getting the biodad on the birth certificate and with the paperwork regarding the bio dad termination of parental rights the rest you should be able to handle on your own. I would contact several attorneys in your area that deal with family court and adoption matters. Get quotes from all of them. You may be able to find one willing to do it for a lump sum or at cost. I would recommend doing this sooner rather then later. You have to remember that if something happens to your wife i.e. an accident, you have no legal right to your son. That would mean custody of him would go to the bio dad or your wife's parents instead of you.
That's good to know! My car is still covered in pollen, I was thinking about getting it washed this weekend and now I know exactly where to take it. Thanks!
The only thing I can think of is that he has absolute proof she traveled to Portugal for prostitution reasons and they're not actually dating. Not that I think the cops would care much. I think they'd just separate the two and put her in a shelter or someplace that would get her onto the airplane on the 5th. But that's a bit of a stretch. It could be what HE told her to try and scare her away from calling the cops though.
I always had the impression that Harry wanted to become an author because 1) it was a job he understood (magic police officer) having grown up in the Muggle world. And 2) it was the closest thing to what his father had been doing when he was killed. As far as I know James was just living off his inherited wealth and in the Order of the Phoenix, but the Order was sort of like renegade aurors in its mission.
The church had a relatively large group of clergy there from multiple denominations on the patio to minister to the people. Mostly handing out snacks, water, and first aid. They were there on invitation from the bishop who invited other church leaders to be there. The church was never contacted about the push and the clergy there was tear gassed. They had to flee leaving their equipment on the patio for Trump to walk over to get his photo op. So he totally tear gassed the ministers to get his photo op. That is a thing that happened.
No one comes out. Ever. It’s amazing. As important as coming out stories are there was zero drama about anyone’s sexuality and it was a complete non-issue. Plus it has super hero princesses! I can’t wait for my niece to get a little bit older so I can share this show her.
I do think we can actually start a trajectory of animated kids shows that have been taking baby steps to get to good LGBT representation. I mean in Korra ATLA they didn’t even air the last season on TV. You had to download the app to watch it because it was too “adult” for their kid audience. The show creators wanted Korra and Asami to kiss at the end but couldn’t get the network to agree so the best they could do was mirror Korra and Asami’s pose to the wedding scene earlier, continue to use the romantic music, and have them stare into each other’s eyes at the end. Leaving it a bit more open ended if they were together, together or just BFFs or something. It gave them an out for pearl clutching parents. SU took it a big step forward, but while the gems may all be voiced by women I personally think of them as genderless creatures who just happen to look more female. Land of the Lustrous could be bleeding into my brain though. A lot of them are gender neutral in appearance enough that in other countries they male voice actors for some of them. (Mostly Ruby.) I think Rebecca got a lot more freedom down the line (especially when we got to Garnet’s wedding), but the LGBT characters were pretty much just the gems. Not the humans. Huge steps forward for sure though. Now we have She-Ra where the subtext of LGBT is more text. There’s quite a few same-sex couples. Most are side characters, that’s true, but there’s also zero drama about it. Bow has two dads. No biggie. Netossa and Spinnerella get a nice arc in the final season and they’re married. Again, not a big deal. No one blinks. Scorpia has two moms. Entrapta was hopefully adopted since it seems she had robot parents. And after five seasons of acting like bitter exes, Catra and Adora don’t just get a last second kiss, but a full on declaration of love that literally saves the universe. I think it’s another big step forward and an exciting one. I just can’t wait for the next show that pushes LGBT representation to the next level.
Honestly I think the outrage is starting but it also is hampered by a good old fashioned dose of sexism. The church that was tear gassed is one of the more liberal East coast kind of churches. The Reverend who’s making the most stink in the press over being tear gassed happens to be a slightly older woman. I have a feeling that not as many people are picking up the outrage because it was a female reverend and not like a stereotypical white male priest or a Billy Graham type. If it had been nuns they might have gotten more traction, but female reverend? Does not equal a real minister in too many people’s opinions.
Red wine and coke has jumped the pond. I’ve seen it in the US enough now to say that people here know it’s a thing. Also, white wine and sprite. I personally think both is a waste of good wine, but I also can’t argue against the bubbles. Bubbles makes everything better.
I would love to see a video of your process.
Please America do me this one thing. This one thing that I need to keep my faith in this country. PLEASE let him lose. Please let him lose big. I promise that I'll do my part by voting, donating, and helping my fellow citizens whichever way I can, but I need this. I REALLY need this.
I would pull their credit reports by going to each three credit bureaus. After you pull it, just to be safe, I would also freeze their credit for them. They won't need their credit until they are in their teens so there's no reason not to freeze it. That will help prevent anyone from opening a credit card in their names as well. You can use a credit monitoring service like Credit Karma or keep pulling their credit reports once a year to make sure there are no changes as well.
I had been wondering why they charged the guy who took the video. With just the video evidence it looks like he was just a bystander. But no. Turns out he purposefully hit Arbery with his truck while trying to herd him back to the others. I'm speechless.
The video was apparently of the third time Arbery tried to get around them and get away. If I squinted I could see the self defense claim if the video was of the first and only time they tried to cut Arbery off. But it was the third. They had two previous attempts where they could have stopped and let him go. All of them need to go to jail. All of them. Including the people who refused to prosecute initially.
Not enough personalized barn doors in the background?
Seriously! Can we like, not put human ideals into animals in the first place? Some animal species are largely female led. Others are male led. Who gives a fuck? Just do a docu series about various animals and accurately narrate their behaviors, you don’t have to focus on just the ‘feminist’ animals. I can guarantee you that the animals are not going to change their behavior patterns because Reese Witherspoon needs more shows to narrate.
I don’t have a 20k nest egg and I’m in my thirties! I suppose I could liquidate my retirement fund which would get me that... until I paid the penalties. I feel that a 17 year old with 20k in savings is a smart cookie. She’s going to go far in life. Even if her sibling thinks she’s a mega bitch.
Man, I would seriously move back in with my parents if I was in the same state. Even paying my dad rent would probably be cheaper then my apartment. I could blow through my student loans so fast if I could throw a couple hundred extra at them every month.
Maybe a kid? Or it could be one of those invisible disabilities. My BFF has a handicap sticker for her fibromyalgia but unless she’s having a bad flare up and needs her cane you wouldn’t know she was physically disabled. That, or they just want the second spot. That’s a distinct possibility since they have two cars and only one deeded spot. Considering you were offered a parking spot 10 blocks away I think it’s safe to assume they’re also finding it difficult to find a place for the second car.
Juju did lip sync to a studio version of her song. It’s probably why she was safe.
I agree in the most part, but would knock Juju down a bit since she was lip syncing. Nothing against her, but when everyone else is killing it on stage, lip syncing a ballad is just not what you need to do to win it.
In Untucked she said she’d only had about 10 days of pole training. She might have been exaggerating as a backhanded brag, but I thought it was pretty clear she was a pole beginner.
That was fascinating to me too. That’s like what they have in parts of Europe. I didn’t realize that they still had that in places in the US. That much be so confusing to people since it sounds like it’s really only limited to the Baltimore area and not every plot has ground rent.
Never read his take on Hamlet. I almost had a rage stroke reading that waste of paper.
It’s incredibly homophobic. Pretty much every old negative stereotype about gay men is in there in abundance. &gt;!So first of all it turns out that Hamlet’s father was a terrible pedophile who molested many of Hamlet’s friends transforming them into the gay. Hamlet is also incredibly stiff and morally upright with a deep and unwavering faith in religion which is definitely not his original character. The play largely keeps going down the same path, but it turns out that Claudius, Hamlet’s uncle, is the good guy and Horatio is the one who killed the King. Because he was transformed into a gay by the king molesting him. Hamlet dies and because he listened to his father’s ghost and tried to bring down his good guy Uncle he’s sent to hell where his father gleefully tells him that he’s going to be raping Hamlet in hell for all eternity. If I remember right he also implies that he’s going to be able to rape Horatio and the other people he molested and made gay for eternity too. If he gets bored of raping his own son.!&lt;
That assumes they have the packs or the tent you want are available. The garage sales are amazing, but it’s a crapshoot on what they have in them. I’ve gone to some and found nothing I wanted to buy, not because the quality was bad, but people hadn’t returned things that I wanted or they’d been bought before I got there.
I like the idea, but I think I’d rather build a house with completely separate apartments. That way if Mom &amp; Dad died the kids could rent out their flat. It could also greatly increase the resale value since there could be a better resale value for a multi-unit then one designed for an extended family. That assumes that this is in the US at least.
Nope.
All this. I read this title and thought “this doesn’t sound like the Forest Service” but it made way more sense it was National Parks. Forest Service LEOs would only come over to say hi if you were in an area where they’d been having problems (like near me where people have been illegally killing wild horses), you had a campfire in a red flag area, or you were in a large guided group and they wanted to make sure you had a permit to be there. I would agree they wouldn’t even blink at your hunting gun. National Parks has way more restrictions on what you can and can’t do on the land they manage. Their LEOs are way more likely to run a serial number on a gun, especially if the LAOP didn’t have a permit to hunt there. And without knowing exactly what park and exactly what season it is when he got pulled it’s difficult to know if he’s leaving info out about the encounter.
I would tend to think she’s alive. If she’s in full rigor they would be very lucky that she died or went into rigor in such a perfect upright position. To me she looks like a woman who’s scared shitless of going out onto the water.
Neither body has been recovered. The boat was found submerged so there’s a decent chance they’re both dead.
Sea Otters have MASSIVE teeth for the size of their head. Sharp fuckers too. It would figure since they use them (and rocks) to bash open oyster shells but still.
I would not count on it. The only major changes I could see is possibly expanding the forgiveness programs we already have, not adding new ones. So maybe reducing the number of payments for PSLF to 100 instead of 120. Or getting rid of the tax bomb at the end of the 20+ year IBR forgiveness.
What are your feelings about committing legal fraud? Because what you're describing is fraud. Worse, you'd be defrauding the government. You might as well just drop your pants and go pick out a sizable whooping stick for the government to spank you with.
You have to read it a second time. There is SO MUCH foreshadowing in tiny little throwaway lines that only appear on the second reading. It's amazing.
Just return the car.
Kinda the same. Someone finally found it after person #5 died (and person #6 almost died with him), but they refuse to say who found it or where it was found? I can sort of understand why no one would want to admit finding it (taxes on the treasure), but why not release where the spot was? And apparently the dude was recently slapped with two different lawsuits. Sort of seems like a good idea to claim it was found to try and reduce his liability.
Seriously. Which one is this one? I think there's been like three separate incidents of people driving into protesters now.
For me Clark’s book is like reading a history or maybe an Austen book. Austen is still beloved, but her prose is quite dry to what we’re used to today and there’s this constant undercurrent of sly wit that Clark replicates perfectly. The unspoken narrator in Austen books are usually always winking with us at the characters, letting us know that the author knows their characters are being ridiculous. Reading Austen is often like getting a letter from a friend with all the latest gossip about the people you know. Clark does the same thing, but instead of a letter she’s giving us a history book. It’s like some future historian looking back and giving us a summary of how magic was rediscovered in England during the regency period while knowing how silly everyone involved with it was. It’s just a really interesting narration style that really makes you feel as if you’re being told a story rather then just reading one.
Seriously, how do you get into the ARC scene? I have a kidney I can spare. There’s a few books coming up that I would kill to get an ARC of.
In all the cities I've lived in I've only used a Realtor to find an apartment once. For that one it wasn't a great fit and I didn't end up using them, but if I had rented one of the apartments they had suggested their fee was going to be paid by the landlord, not me. For me it was free to use their services.
I hate to say it, but I think you're naive. If you're only using Zillow to look for apartments you're not doing the search right. There's [apartments.com](https://apartments.com), hotpad, zumper, etc. So, so many apartment searching websites where you can connect directly to the building management company and not need a realtor at all. The listing fees are paid by the company listing the apartment, not you. I went to [apartments.com](https://apartments.com) and searched Boston and got literally thousands of hits. The ones I looked at to check mentioned the usual deposit and application fees, but nothing about a realtor fee.
Oh my god, when he convinces Nadja and Laszlo to do the folk concert and they're just *bombing*. Colin's actor can do glee so incredibly well.
The one piece of advice that I got that really worked for me was to throw all industry resume advice out the window. In private industry they tell you to make a one page resume. My federal resume is currently 7 pages and will be 8 when I next update it. I put EVERYTHING on that damn thing. In the education section I call out specific classes I took that were relevant to my job with the course number and a short description so they can more easily cross-reference it with my transcript. For job experience I not only put the basic duties but also include details on specific projects that I thought were particularly interesting or were extra challenging. Before I made that change I only sometimes got a referral and never made it to an interview. After I let my resume blow up into a full-scale novel I've never not gotten an interview for a job that I applied for. For interviews my only tips are to take notes on the questions and try to smile when you're answering. I've only ever done phone interviews and I always make sure to do them in my pajamas. For me it gives me this extra little boost of confidence in a 'ha ha! I know something you don't!' sort of way. Write down the questions as they're being asked to help you stay on track and make sure you answer the full question if it's a multi-part. And you smile because people can hear it in your voice. It makes you sound a lot more personable.
I think it would really depend on the agency. Anyone above the most basic security clearance? Probably not. Not unless they're working in an actual foreign office like an embassy or one of our overseas bases. Folks with the super basic background check just to be made federal? Maybe. You'd have to get the 100% telework job first of course. In my agency those are pretty rare unless you get into one sub department and hit the GS-12 level.
Thank you!
PRESS CONFERENCE LINK: [https://localnews8.com/news/2020/06/09/search-warrant-served-at-daybell-residence/](https://localnews8.com/news/2020/06/09/search-warrant-served-at-daybell-residence/) EDIT: Press conference over. All they really said was that it was confirmed that human remains were found. They have not been identified yet. They did not say how many remains or how decomposed, but it doesn't look good.
It's official. Human remains were indeed found. Have not yet been identified yet, but they were found on Chad's property.
From the aerial photos I think it's pretty clear they knew exactly where to look. The warrant was served at 7am, but they only sent the backhoe in about a half hour before the reports of human remains being found leaked out. To me that says they knew exactly where they needed to dig. Someone gave up the location of the remains, either Lori or one of Chad's children. It for sure wasn't Chad or he would have been in police custody before the warrant were served.
Nate Eaton posted a video on twitter of the aerial footage of the site and it looks like they focused on a single small site. It might have been cadaver dogs, but I really feel like someone who knew spilled. I mean it is just such a perfect small spot, even a cadaver dog might hit a larger area as the smell permeated through the soil. [https://twitter.com/NateNewsNow](https://twitter.com/NateNewsNow)
Chad only had the one wife besides Lori, Tammy. It's known the died but she was buried in an actual graveyard. Whoever the remains are, it's not her.
It's already aired. It went live at about 1:30 mst. Police Chief Gary Hagan confirmed that Chad had been arrested and that human remains had been found. He said that the remains have not yet been identified and he did not say how many bodies were found. He took no official questions but at the end a reporter did ask when the next press conference would be and he didn't give her an answer. I don't know if the 3 o'clock one is going to be more official (the 1:30 one was literally on the side of the road), but it's unclear if the 3 o'clock one is going to happen now.
Also reduction in time or recommending a nicer prison is also common in plea deals. One that's closer to family so people can visit or has less inmates/more amenities. I doubt they'd be willing to give her much a reduction though. Maybe take a charge or two off more then a true time reduction.
Not enough evidence that he was involved. He was only a step-father so he didn't have the same responsibility towards the children to prove abandonment. Remains found on his property is sure as heck is evidence though.
[https://localnews8.com/news/2020/06/09/search-warrant-served-at-daybell-residence/](https://localnews8.com/news/2020/06/09/search-warrant-served-at-daybell-residence/) Hit the 'Watch Again' button.
I've read a convincing article that Ovid was also striking hard at the Roman elite of the time with his writings. The sort of thing that people reading his rewrites of the myths at the time it was published would see all these little insults towards the ruling families that we've lost the context to. It's the same premise as the Christian Revelations book. It's not truly a prophecy, it's more of a coded analogy story that people of the time would have recognized as actually saying "These guys who rule us are assholes! Hold tight to your Christian faith, we'll get through this!" However, we've lost a lot of the context making the coded meaning which makes us think that it was supposed to actually be a true prophecy. If you time traveled to when it was being first spread around the people reading the writings would take a completely different meaning from it then we do today.
It drives me insane that this is a reoccurring theme in bad foster/adoption scenarios. I get it that abused kids who have faced food shortages will steal and horde food as backup in fear that the food will go away. I have a cousin who went through a heartbreaking custody battle where his ex was keeping the kids from food to the point where his sons were stealing and hiding butter under their beds for when their mother stopped giving them food. But you know how to fix that? Make food easily available and actually give kids non-perishable food like granola bars to take and keep in their room. If you can reassure kids that there will always be food available they're less likely to steal it. They may also need therapy for helping them develop a healthy relationship with food, but punishing kids for stealing food just makes the problem worse, not better. Of course these foster homes are the ones starving these kids and causing these problems by spending their foster stipends on themselves rather then food.
The resume builder. I write up the sections in Word first though and just copy it over. Otherwise it has a tendency to time out.
Good for you. Here's hoping that when it comes to renew the rent stays low. I read an article lately about how San Fran rents may be decimated for years with how many tech companies are letting their employees work remotely. Fingers crossed it's the same in your city.
Yeah, whatever he did was beyond simple concealment. It's likely to lead to a desecration of a corpse type charge and I would suspect he either dismembered or burnt one of the bodies. Possibly it could also refer to putting the body into something grossly inappropriate and then burying it, but I can't think of anything that would require two paragraphs of information for the prosecutor to call out.
Unknown at this time, but I would suspect so yes. I would guess that one of the bodies was dismembered or burned. Possibly both. If they'd been buried whole I doubt there would be two paragraphs to call to the judge's attention about his character. Take everything with a grain of salt though. It will come out eventually, everything is speculation until then.
I agree. At least the family can get closure for all this. I was seriously concerned that Tylee was killed in Yellowstone and her body might never be found. While it's terrible to get confirmation that she was killed, at least her family will know what happened to her and won't have to worry that she's somewhere out there alone.
Justin Lum (a reporter following the case) posted to twitter that Kay Woodcock was given confirmation that JJ was one of the bodies found. Tylee has not been confirmed at this time, but since there are reports that there were two bodies, chances are she's the other one. [https://twitter.com/jlumfox10](https://twitter.com/jlumfox10)
They're both going to be in jail now. I'm not sure how it works, but I don't know if you even can call another prison from inside a prison. I was under the impression that inmates could call out, they don't receive calls.
If I remember right 9/8 was the day Tylee went to Yellowstone with her mother and uncle. It's the last confirmed sighting of her and why some people suspected her body was there. I still wonder what day she was actually killed. Was it at the park? After they got home? A few days after? There's been no evidence released that shows she left the park alive, but it could be she wasn't killed on that trip. She likely was dead by the middle of September when the nanny came to watch JJ. Lori mentioned Tylee to the nanny but said she was away, I think, at college. So while I do think Tylee was murdered days or weeks before JJ, I don't think it's clear exactly what day it was.
Kay has a court order in Family Court that basically says if JJ was found alive he'd be brought straight to her. Legally speaking that makes her the next of kin which is why the police informed her. She informed the press after being told by the police. Tylee is likely taking longer to confirm because her next of kin is Lori who was most definitely involved in her death. They may be purposefully blocking all contact with Lori to delay the notification of death to try and wring more information out of her or to try and turn her against Chad. Besides Lori, the only known family for Tylee is her older half-brother (who has never been very visible in the press) and her Aunt who has turned off all commenting on her blog and said 3 hours ago that the bodies were being sent to the lab, but that it didn't look good. Chances are that Tylee's body may have been tampered with post-mortem. That could delay confirmation of identity for her as well. The police will likely not confirm the identities of the bodies to the press until both families are notified and the coroner confirms their identities.
If they couldn't afford the $1 million for Lori I doubt they can afford it for Chad. Especially since it's not a case of missing kids anymore but of actual murder. That REALLY ups the stakes for any bondsman thinking about lending them the money. No, I think that Chad is also going to be enjoying the prison life for quite a long time. Definitely through their end of the world date. Which they got wrong by about a month, BTW. The actual world might not be ending, but his world definitely is.
So we know for sure that one body was tampered with. It's not confirmed that the body was Tylee's, but since JJ was identified first and since Tylee was older and larger it's a fairly logical assumption that it was her body that was tampered with. The sort of thing that she may have been broken down to make her smaller and easier to bury. That said, this is still just speculation. It could be that we're all wrong about the identity of the body tampered with.
Murder charges likely will be tacked on. They will need to identify how the kids died first though. Law enforcement has to do the investigation and confirm they were murdered before they can bring the charges. Just be prepared for a clusterfuck as this heads towards trial. Chances are high that Lori is going to blame her dead brother Alex and Chad is going to blame both Alex and Lori for the children's deaths. It's going to become a cluster of people trying to deflect blame to get lighter sentences.
Justim Lum on Twitter has also been a good source and been reporting on this case from the beginning. It seems he's developed a personal relationship with the grandmother (Kay Woodcock) as well. He's gotten news from her first before anyone else did for a couple things. [https://twitter.com/jlumfox10](https://twitter.com/jlumfox10)
The documentary after the court cases are complete is going to be insane.
It’s weird to me too that they killed the kids at different times, but considering Tylee was gone with no signs of her when the nanny was with JJ says she had to have been gone before then. I don’t understand it though. Maybe it was because JJ was in school while Tylee had graduated early so it was easier to disappear her first? There’s no way JJ saw anything though. He was autistic, but he was verbal. If he’d witnessed Tylee being killed the risk that he might say something to someone would be huge. Considering he was left alone with the nanny and went to school for a while after Tylee vanished says there’s no way he was a witness to me. Or maybe the kids were killed on the same day and Tylee just wasn’t seen for some reason. There’s still so many unanswered questions....
I would pay cash money to be there if Lori was told that Chad had made bail when she was still in prison. Cash. Money.
My hope is that it’s one of Chad’s kids. If it was Lori I think her attorney would be trying to spin it that she was cooperating with the police. My theory is that one of Chad’s kids hadn’t drunk his kool-aid, found out about the bodies, and reported it to the police. They can’t all have been cool with him remarrying two weeks after his wife of 20+ years died. Plus I really don’t want Lori having any sort of leverage to help her get a deal. If someone else turns in the body locations her leverage is greatly reduced.
Oh I can absolutely tell you what their defense is going to be. Blame Alex. Lori is going to claim that Alex killed both kids and then he forced Chad to bury them on the property. They were both so afraid of Alex they just went along with it. And then after Alex died they were so afraid of their culpability in the deaths that they didn’t tell the police. But they were only accessories after the fact. It was Alex and Alex alone that murdered the kids. Gag me. But if that’s not their first defense then I will be shocked.
What’s your best non-triggering story from living through Katrina? I love hearing stories like that.
Seriously. If she’s married I’d say it’s way more likely it’s her husband’s then the old man’s kid. Not to mention the husband is going to have to contest the birth certificate immediately to not get auto added to it. And what dude agrees to put their name on the birth certificate, no questions asked, when their mistress is married and seeing other people!?!? DNA tests are a thing and not that expensive anymore, chump! Way less expensive then child support in any case.
It’s not completely clear. They’re all adults though. I think I read that at least one, maybe two, were still living at home.
&gt;Edit: My former profession was news journalism, not crime. Awwww, but I wanted to ask for advice on crime! Not on journalism!
I actually hope it isn't this. This would be a huge legal quagmire and seriously bring into question the legality of the search warrant. There's actually a case winding it's way through the Supreme Court circuit that says that any and all aerial searches done must have a search warrant BEFORE taking to the air. In that specific case it was police in a helicopter, but it would likely apply to drones and LiDAR technology as well. At the moment the Honolulu Supreme Court has said such searches are illegal. That would mean that, if an aerial search was done, Idaho would not be bound by the Honolulu judge's finding, BUT if it went to the Idaho Supreme Court or the Federal Supreme Court the Honolulu judge's ruling would be taken into consideration risking that the evidence could be thrown out. Which would be an absolute goddamn nightmare for the legal case. If they identified the grave locations via LiDAR without getting a search warrant, but then used the LiDAR or aerial search as justification for the search warrant that happened this week all that evidence would be thrown out. It would be considered fruit of the poisonous tree. It could seriously mean that Chad would not be able to be charged with any of the crimes against the kids UNLESS the prosecutors manage to convince a judge that they were going to get the ground search warrant anyway. If the cops did identify the graves via helicopter or LiDAR without getting a search warrant previously then they done fucked up. I really really hope they either got a search warrant first or didn't use that method. EDIT: Here's the link to the Supreme Court decision if anyone was interested. The case was the 2017 decision to State of Hawai'i vs. Benjamin M. Quiday. There's no sign that the state is going to appeal to the Federal Supreme Court at this time. [https://www.courts.state.hi.us/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/SCWC-13-0004085.pdf](https://www.courts.state.hi.us/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/SCWC-13-0004085.pdf)
Until proven otherwise, I'm willing to give the Daybell children the benefit of the doubt. They're victims here too. Chances are good their mother was murdered, their father is either a murderer himself or married one, and they had the bodies of two murdered children on their property. I would be moving out and changing my name if that happened to me.
YAAAASSSSSSS! Thank you so much for sharing, I am for sure going to be watching this the second work is over.
It's really hard to sell murder houses. Like, INCREDIBLY hard. You have to take tens of thousands off the assessed value to even get people to look at them. It's somewhat common that the families of victims who are murdered will actually raze the houses after the police are done with them because the likelihood of the house being sold is so slim that the land becomes the only valuable asset. Plus the taxes on bare land is way less then a house while they wait for it to sell.
Transferring assets to someone else to purposefully shield them from them being seized as part of a bankruptcy/lawsuit is considered a fraudulent transfer and the courts will force the new landowner to turn over the property. That's how Joe Exotic managed to bankrupt his own mother. After he lost his trademark lawsuit he fraudulently transferred his zoo, vehicles, buildings, etc to his mother for "love and devotion" and then went all surprised pikachu face when 1) his mother was sued and 2) the courts took them anyway. If Emma did get the deed transferred to her without paying close to fair market value of the house then the insurance company can sue her for the house anyway. And they'll likely get it.
If they deeded the house to Emma to protect against that scenario it would likely be considered a fraudulent transfer by the courts. You can't just give family all your assets to try and keep them out of lawsuits. If it was sold to her she better have paid market price. Selling an asset for $1 when it's worth significantly more would also be a fraudulent transfer if done to shield it from a lawsuit.
I think the autopsy has to be waiting on the tox results. Those can take literal months depending on how backed up the lab is. There's no other explanation for why it's taken so long to charge Chad with her death otherwise. Besides, you know, her not being murdered, but Chad would have to be the unluckiest man in the world for his wife to die under mysterious circumstances right as he was helping his mistress hide the bodies of her murdered children right after her own husband was murdered.
Some people can just drop dead in their sleep. It actually happened to my father's next door neighbor. He had a heart attack in his sleep and was just... dead. The only warning sign his wife had was that when she went to bed he was snoring and he usually never snored. In hindsight that was him in the middle of a heart attack having agonal breathing, but at the time that was the only symptom and she didn't recognize it for what it was. He was 49 and had zero known health conditions. He was also a runner so his entire family was in absolute shock and his poor wife was absolutely devastated. And before anyone asks, I am positive she didn't murder him. The woman was an emotional wreck for months and both she and their children almost lost the house they lived in. The guy was the sole breadwinner, both of his kids were in college, and while he did have a life insurance policy it was not nearly enough to take care of his wife (who was disabled and had been a stay at home mom for 19 years) or kids after he was gone.
Maybe she found out that Chad was telling people he'd had a vision of her dying soon. That would freak me the fuck out if I was married to someone saying that. Even if you believed his nonsense that his visions were real and from the divine, you'd think the first reaction from a loving spouse would be "welp, let's get you to a doctor and have a full workup done to see what we can do to save you since God took the time to warn us" instead of going about business like normal.
Bow down bitches. Queen Titania is in the house.
I have to admit that I'm really excited to try this. I was going to make my own Christmas cards this year and I was worried about how to do that many prints by hand. I already have a pasta maker that I almost never use that's wide enough to fit the card paper. I'm totally going to try this. Thanks so much for sharing this video!
Seriously? I thought I must have missed the statement this was so long coming.
I had a friend who was female, butch, and straight, kicked out of a changing room while we were at the mall together because this old lady didn’t believe she was a woman. And she was a cis woman and she wasn’t a lesbian at all. Just naturally very butch and not into makeup. We were trying to find her a dress to go on a date with her future husband. Looking back I really wish we’d stood our ground and refused to leave.
I was super surprised to find the British don’t really have a culture of cash prizes for reality TV. The prize for the Great British Bake Off is literally just a cake stand. I thought they were downplaying the money, but it’s really just a cake stand. Explains why the show is so much more low key. No one is going to quit their job and hang all their hopes on a cake stand.
I have to admit I love Cracker’s faces. She can not keep it still or hide a single emotion. Her face is like a chipmunk, high on sugar, who’s just been given crack. So many people are good at hiding what they’re feeling, Cracker is not one of them. She’s not my favorite queen for All Stars, but damn I find her entertaining.
That outfit she walked in with was LIFE. But unfortunately that was her peak. I wish Drag Race was a better platform for her to show herself, she just doesn’t seem suited to it. (And I sort of wish I could have seen more of India and Derrick openly beefing with each other.... I am a terrible person and a sucker for drama, I admit it!)
The sociology of it all is why I find religion fascinating. I honestly could not tell you what I believe most days because I spend so many days not believing in any of them at all, but I will still park my butt down and read theology papers and books about religion arguing different interpretations and talking about how they’ve changed over the eons. To me at least the history and evolution of world myths and religion is way more interesting then believing in any religion itself. Another interesting one is the evolution of the Noah flood myth. The Jews likely took the story from the Akkadians who first wrote down a nearly identical version dated to the 18th century BCE. The earliest known Jewish record of the tale is from the 6th century BCE. Then the Greeks had a version (also likely from the Akkadians), the Irish, the Norse, the Chinese, there’s a Hindu version, an Australian Aboriginal version, a Mesoamerican version, and a surprising number of Native American tales that are similar. And then after you compare all those you get into the science side debate! Was it a literal worldwide flood? Did an early cradle of humanity get flooded and as people scattered around the globe was the story that the world was flooded come from the fact that their world was gone? Or is it concurrent evolution in storytelling because so many human civilizations build up along rivers and rivers flood? I love it. I could talk about this crap all day.
If the IT Crowd has taught me anything you can play the street version of any British game show.... and you win a teapot if you win Countdown.
That’s my take too. But I still love them all dearly!
Yeah, I could agree that a black widow or Bluebeard would be a subtype of serial killer as a shorthand of describing their overall behavior. Serial killers in general are people who murder multiple people. Black widows and Bluebeards specifically kill family, spouses, and people they get close to in order to collect money for their deaths. I like it because I lived in an area that had a serial killer for a summer and I was always torn on what to call him. He killed several people, but it was always at random so I felt like calling him a spree killer was more descriptive, but with subcategories he’d be a serial killer, subtype spree.
Likely soon, but they’re going to want to identify how the kids died first. And be sure they can prove that it wasn’t Alex that killed the kids since you know Chad and Lori are going to claim Alex did it all on his own and they were too terrified to stop or report him. There’s a big difference in first degree murder and accessory to. The prosecutors are going to want to make sure they have their t’s crosses and their i’s dotted before adding charges, especially since they can hold them comfortably on the charges they’re already in jail for.
I actually don’t mind if they plead out to avoid the death penalty. Personally, I have an overall moral objection to the death penalty, but it also costs WAY more to keep death penalty prisoners then lifers due to the number and extent of appeals they’re allowed. I do hope in a way they get a plea deal just so that the truth in its entirety comes out. The sort of thing that making a plea means they have to issue a statement admitting they absolutely killed the kids and when. I don’t want there to be any grey space or them trying to pin the blame on Alex for their misdeeds.
Not yet. I would assume the cause of death won’t be announced until the expanded charges against Chad and Lori are set.
Wait, that was a ramp? Not even stairs??? I hate the orange motherfucker, but that’s pretty concerning... I mean that’s the nice thing about ramps, you shouldn’t even really need to look at where you’re going to use one. I’m not the most steady on my feet for a couple reasons and while I find myself staring at my feet for a staircase I’ve never done the same for a ramp...
Over the weekend I donated blood. I am now in a raffle for a handgun. Everything is apparently gun or bust in the US.
A six foot setback and then it reaches a road..... JFC someone is going to get seriously hurt....
I'm shocked too. India and Derrick going at it for half the season would have been drama gold. Especially since they seem to have a legit beef that goes back to their personal lives more then anything else. I'm really surprised that the producers even let Derrick go up for elimination so fast.
I have to wonder if this Supreme Court decision now overturns these guidelines. I mean the Court now says it's a Title VII that you can't discriminate against for being gay or trans. Healthcare should be bound by Title VII as well. Now for my conspiracy theory.... I had been wondering why they released these new guidelines while the Supreme Court was considering this case. It didn't make any sense to release new guidelines when they might be overturned as soon as the Supreme Court releases their decision. Now that this has happened so quickly after the guidelines were released I REALLY think it was done on purpose. If Trump's people got a heads up that this was the court's decision (those papers take time to write) then they could have scrambled and gotten their healthcare guidelines out FIRST as a sort of dogwhistle for his followers. The sort of thing they want to show that they're there to discriminate against the gays and trans and get it out there before the Supreme Court makes that guideline impossible to follow.
No trust me, it's hilarious to me too. I step out of the blood donation truck, an overly cheerful lady walks up to me asking if I want her free raffle tickets since I donated blood, and now I have two raffle tickets for a handgun I don't even want. It is one of the weirdest things ever.
It's a strawman argument decked up in the ownership of women. It's the same EXACT argument of why we needed segregation and strong punishments for black men because they'd rape the white women if they had access to them. It's just that you can't say that black men all want to rape white women because people will rightfully call you out for being a filthy racist, but we're not to the point where claiming the same thing about trans women will get you called out universally as well.
So the child of the one black family in the complex keeps getting her car towed... and the complex is no longer doing parking permits. Are they not doing parking permits at all anymore or just for the one black family because it sure as hell feels like they’re trying to make life so miserable for the family that they move out. Edit: Fixed some pronouns.
I feel whiplashed by true crime. Lori Vallow's kids have been found, there's a suspect for Madeleine McCann that ISN'T her parents, and now the Golden State Killer is back on the news.
I was reading that book when he got caught! I was telling a coworker the day before the news broke how much trouble I was having sleeping from reading it and the very next day he was arrested. Said coworker came over and asked if I was going to sleep better now and I did.
I would hope so. I've never tried buying a gun before so I don't know what sort of standards NM has. I would assume I'd have to do whatever background check anyone else trying to get a gun would have to do first though.
In that case the people chasing him were attempting a citizen's arrest. Granted, I will admit that the guy with the skateboard should not have attempted to hit him with it. But shooting someone after you committed an assault does not look good.
Here's some fun facts about Onate from his wiki. The top summary. Not even buried in the larger bottom section. &gt;Following a dispute that led to the death of thirteen Spaniards at the hands of the Ácoma, including Oñate's nephew, [Juan de Zaldívar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_de_Zald%C3%ADvar), Oñate ordered a brutal retaliation against [Acoma Pueblo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoma_Pueblo). The Pueblo was destroyed. Around 800–1000 Ácoma were killed. &gt; &gt;Of the 500 or so survivors, at a trial at [Ohkay Owingeh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ohkay_Owingeh,_New_Mexico), Oñate sentenced most to twenty years of forced "personal servitude" and additionally mandated that all men over the age of twenty-five have a foot cut off. He was eventually banished from New Mexico and exiled from Mexico City for five years, convicted by the Spanish government of using "excessive force" against the [Acoma people](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoma_people). So the dude massacred an entire Pueblo, enslaved the survivors, and cut off the right foot of any male survivors. Even the Spanish government, THE SPANISH GOVERNMENT, was like "Dude! Seriously???" But no. It's vital that we keep his statue up. He was obviously such a swell guy that it's vital that we celebrate him. /s EDIT: Oh, here we go. It gets better... &gt;In October 1598, a skirmish erupted when a squad of Oñate's men demanded supplies from the [Acoma Pueblo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoma_Pueblo), although the Ácoma themselves needed their stored food to survive the coming winter. The Ácoma resisted So that skirmish where his nephew was killed was over supplies that they were trying to steal from the Acoma that they refused to hand over because they would have starved to death. Oh yeah. Great guy, Onate.
Cha Cha and Hazel were the best. The little romance with the diner lady. Them getting high and burning down the place while wearing their insane masks. All in all they kept me watching.
Wait, what? I think you're allowed to watch both shows. While they have the same vague premise (more gritty superhero show) they're both vastly different. The Boys is if actual superheros were common but distressingly human while keeping their near-infinite powers. Umbrella Academy is more a show about family and loss. They're both good in their own way. The Boys is more straight up entertaining in a consistent manner, but Umbrella Academy is also really great and has some amazing fight scenes.
I think both, but I would lean toward Po'pay.
People like that rarely ever admit they’re wrong. When the date passes and the world hasn’t ended they’ll just think they got the date wrong and move it back. Over and over. Unless Chad was right and we’re suddenly struck by a meteor or something. I would not put it past 2020.
Well that’s not nightmare fuel in the slightest.
Have you considered reading the Witcher books? The video games actually follow them pretty closely, but they're quite good. You do need to keep in mind that they were not originally written in English so they can be a bit brisk compared to other novels. The first book in the series is *The Last Wish* and is actually a series of short stories to introduce the world and some of the characters. It could be a good introduction to see if you'd like the full series or not. The author is Andrzej Sapkowski.
A stipend only makes sense. There were a couple outfits last season that Heidi was wearing that were quite obviously borrowed from someone a little bit larger then her. I felt so bad because she was at such an obvious disadvantage compared to the other queens financially speaking.
I didn't realize what it was at first. I donated blood at a location that happened to be hosted by a gun club. When I exited the truck there was a lady at a table who asked everyone who'd donated if they wanted a free raffle ticket for donating. I said sure and only after I had the raffle tickets asked what the prize was. I doubt I'll win so I figured it wasn't worth it being rude or trying to give the tickets back. Plus, not I have a story out of it!
The case has not gone to trial yet and she has not put in a plea to the inevitable murder charges, but Lori would have to be the unluckiest woman in the world to be innocent with the evidence against her. It appears that she killed the kids 1) to clear the way to her 5th marriage and 2) so she could continue to receive their social security/disability payments for them. They vanished shortly before her marriage and their bodies were found on the property of the man she married. She also refused to produce the kids, claiming they were alive when they were definitely dead. If she wasn't involved in their deaths she'd be the most naive and unlucky woman ever to be mislead by whoever did kill the kids. And that's not getting into the fact that it's pretty clear that she had her brother kill her 4th husband (who was in the process of divorcing her) in order to try and get his $1 million life insurance payment. Her husband that was so concerned she might murder him for his life insurance that he secretly transferred the beneficiary of the policy to his sister just in case. I think it's pretty clear she's involved. I'm not sure if she killed the kids directly or if she allowed others to do it, but she was the one who benefited the most from their deaths and she did her best to cover the deaths up, so she was for sure involved.
I keep seeing this repeated, but no one seems to mention he was holding the skateboard in both hands when he tried to hit the guy. Kinda hard to stab someone if you have both hands occupied with a skateboard. If there was even a knife. He did drop something but it's hard to tell on blurry, rapidly moving footage. Amazing that only the armchair sleuths of reddit can identify this knife when it hasn't been mentioned in any news articles or any police statements yet.
Agreed. How do we get the government to change the name of Carson National Forest? We shouldn't have anything named after that dude.
The Spanish government at the time thought he'd gone way too far. The *Spanish Government*. If even the Spanish government at the time thinks you've gone too far then, dude, you're gone WAY too far.
Dear lord man. You are going to live like a king here. I really love living in ABQ. I’ve moved around a lot and this is by far my favorite city. The food is great, the weather is great, and I know this ugliness happened, but the people are mostly great.
https://reddit.com/r/Albuquerque/comments/hajigp/the_shooter_instigating_the_crowd/ This one has the close up of him throwing the woman to the ground where it looks like she hits her head on the sidewalk.
They both heavily edited each other’s work but rumor has it that Terry was the primary author on Az and Crowley and Neil was the primary on Adam. I can see it.
They're not citizens. They can't vote Democrat even if they wanted to.
A legal way to end DACA requires time. Probably more time then Trump has in office if he doesn't get reelection. Basically, if they really wanted to end the program, they'd need a better justification and a laid out plan of what to do with the people in the program. So it's just as important to vote as before as the future of DACA will still be on the line for the next election. It needs to be enshrined in law as part of immigration reform in order to truly protect it.
Trading, or thee's apparently a glitch that allows you to get random event prizes if you have the games and a 3DS still. Haven't tried the glitch.
Cracker gets a villain edit! And Alexis gets a villain edit! EVERYONE GETS A VILLAIN EDIT!
Just because it's traditionally a holiday in the black community doesn't mean no one else can celebrate it. Personally, I think the official end of slavery in the US is something we can all rally behind.
It should be! A lot of people died to preserve the Union and free the slaves. It might be a little too on the nose to celebrate the end of the Civil War in a formal way, but I think everyone can rally behind the day when the last US slaves were freed. It was one of the best things we ever did as a country. I know we still have a long way to go, but it's also important to recognize and celebrate the steps we took along the way. Juneteenth is a major but vital step forward for our country.
Maybe in the short term, but you'd have to maintain that cable crossing forever. The helicopter is a one time expense and you never have to worry about it again.
He did put MAGA on masks! I saw screenshots of his store selling bright red masks with his stupid phrase on them for sale. If he went around wearing one of those or one with the Presidential seal on it, this would be an entirely different world right now.
Oh man, I feel a little sick thinking about the mortgage and rent programs ending. Luckily I went to 100% telework so I was about to keep paying my rent, but I know not everyone was so lucky. And unlike some mortgage companies that agreed to tack on any missed payments to the end of the mortgage term, I really doubt the people who missed rent payments are going to be able to get together a big chunk of money to make up the missed rent. I get a feeling that a lot of people are going to be going to eviction and foreclosure court... Probably right in October and November.
Wow. This is.... This is the best comment response I have ever gotten. I'm delighted by the insanity of it all. At least I can quit my job whenever I want though! If I was an actual slave that wouldn't be an option.
Same. He had all the excuses. Burning tree brush and limbs instead of a body. Then shooting a raccoon (also, why? Raccoons are cute) so he had an excuse for the disturbed soul. Tammy would have a reasonable explanation for both actions so she probably wouldn’t even question anything suspicious.
I used to live in Alaska. A coworker of mine tried to get out there a couple times and the first time he came back I was so horrified by the story of him trying to cross the river I was halfway convinced he was going to die out there. He brought a pack raft and kept trying to paddle across as fast as possible but kept failing to make it before he got to a part of the river where the banks started to steepen. Every time he went after that me and his wife kept in close communication because we were both worried he’d die out there. He never brought another person with him because this was something of a mental test for himself to prove he could handle it on his own.
Oh no, that’s absolutely true. The canyon bit and everything. I used to live up there and a coworker of mine tried to get to the bus. Thats exactly what he described.
I had been joking that everyone is going to get a villain edit this season, but between this episode and the preview for next week I think Alexis is actually going to get the main villain edit of the season.
I think she probably counted her steps and she did have the slit in front to help her see. Probably not well, but enough to make it to the front without toppling off the runway.
That’s the thing though. I honestly don’t think Cracker was playing mind games on purpose. She seems to have a terminal case of foot in mouth disease, but I get the feeling she didn’t realize how badly her words were going to affect Ongina and did regret it. It doesn’t make her actions better or more justifiable, but I really don’t think she tried to get into Ongina’s head on purpose.
Yeah, I can see that too. I think it’s one of those things that it’s up to personal interpretation unless we got to see all the raw footage from the incident. Or get detailed statements from both Ongina and Cracker from the time of the incident rather then after they saw how it was portrayed on TV. With reality TV fights I always wonder what parts were edited out of it. Was there more to the lead up that was left on the cutting room floor? Did Cracker actually go harder at Ongina then we saw with the editing toning it down? Was there more to the non-apology that made it more of a true apology? Sometimes I wish they’d just release all the footage not used someplace online for the insane fans to paw through. I get why they don’t, but I really do wonder sometimes how the editing is affecting how I view certain Queens. I try my best to recognize when the background music is trying to sway my opinions, but missing pieces of the story is way harder to identify.
Thiiiiiiiiissssss. If anything the Alexis confessional sort of set up the later episode confrontation without any sort of redemption arc. And before someone tries to use the tired “well maybe she didn’t give them what they needed” I am certain the producers got some sort of tender Alexis story as a confessional. They likely got one from every single queen that stayed past three episodes so they’d have whatever they needed for whatever storyline they decided on. Reality TV is not always real life. We only see what the show runners want us to see, not what actually happened in its entirety.
I might need to rewatch but I think Cracker was talking to her group and said “I really respect” when talking to and about her other two teammates. Then when she continued on not mentioning any other names Alexis asked it that meant she didn’t respect anyone else. Which is why both Cracker and Shea said that Alexis was taking things out of context. It seemed to be that it was more a private conversation where Cracker was talking specifically just to her teammates. She didn’t mention whether she respected the other queens because they were not part of the conversation, not because she doesn’t respect them. Or at least that was my impression of the conversation. Editing might have changed it.
Honestly I do not understand why people have to send hate to ANYONE. Even [Redacted] last season should have just been ignored. You’re not fond of a queen? That’s fine. Everyone has their favorites, but can we all agree that sending hate to anyone is beyond the pale? I mean it’s like everyone looses their goddamn minds thanks to the anonymity of the internet. If you wouldn’t say it to a person’s face without expecting serious consequences then don’t fucking say it in a tweet/comment/email/etc! For fucks’s sake.
Can we be friends? This is how I feel as well.
I hate to say it, but this is only okay in my book. I really wish she’d tried dying the illusion netting a little darker to match her skin. I understand that it must be hard to get illusion netting in the right skin tone, but I really think it detracts from her face when it’s so much paler. That, or make the top a lightly boned bustier so it can stand on its own. I just don’t like the netting. I loved the first outfit though. Circus tent realness was amazing.
The Magicians? I loved that episode.
But her entire family is in the UK? How did they get there? Unless you’re born into a EU country or are doing the refugee trek from the Middle East or North Africa, it’s even harder to immigrant to the UK then it would be in the US. Assuming here that the LAOP was from a Central or South American country when she was brought here. It’s just a weird twist.
I am too. I'm still doing all the social distancing things, but this weekend I was thinking that the one thing I wanted to do the most was go to the movies. Not that it would be a good idea (and what theaters are even open), but I'm really starting to miss old life. I'm just in this weird twilight zone where I know we're almost to July, but I still feel like we're trapped in March because that's when everything shut down. Oh well. We won't get through this if everyone breaks down and fails to social distance. I'll keep doing my part, but I am also so tired of it all.
Another option if you think you had corona but recovered is that if you donate blood they do a free anti-body test on it. I got super sick in March and couldn't get a corona test even though I had most of the symptoms. So I actually went and donated blood recently specifically to get the antibody test. Sadly, mine was negative, but that's another way to get tested if you think you had it and recovered.
&gt;APD will not take part as investigators Wait, what? So the police can just nope out of an investigation? Isn't that one of the things we pay them for? To investigate crimes?
Professional crematory services put people in a literal kiln to burn them down. There's no way a bonfire would be able to even get close to the temperatures needed to burn bone to ash. Also, once the ashes are removed from a professional crematory kiln, there is often large enough bone fragments left that the ashes are put into a grinder (called a cremulator, lol) to reduce their size and even out the ashes. If Chad expected that burning Tylee's body would reduce her to the sort of cremated remains you receive from the funeral home he would have been sorely disappointed. He would have gotten noticeably human remains, including the skull and jawbone, left intact. Smell wise it wouldn't be too bad. It would be the same as burning any kind of meat. Burning the hair would make an awful smell, but that would be over fast. The smell of the woodsmoke would probably overpower anything else. I used to live near a professional crematorium and there was never any smell. Granted, they were using natural gas and a professional kiln, but there was never any smell even when it was clear they were burning.
I will also happily take his money and then just as happily vote for Biden. I'd vote for a piece of moldy bread over Trump, but I have no problem taking free money.
Well, and Hodor with the reason why he's Hodor. I'd put the truth of Jon Snow's parentage in there as well, but that was pretty well theorized before the show even started. Honestly, the one thing I don't want to happen the most that's from the show is Bran becoming King and the North becoming its own kingdom. Both of those moves were beyond grating.
I've seen some news articles about the National Forests in NM that said people were ignoring the shutdowns and because of it some of the campgrounds were getting trashed. But that seems to have been partly because the FS was expecting people to actually honor the shutdown and so wasn't doing their usual trash pickup/maintenance stuff. Juniper Campground is open though so I assume that means they have people doing the normal checks during the week. You might want to look at campgrounds that do reservations online if you're worried about getting a spot. I checked [Recreation.gov](https://Recreation.gov) and it doesn't look like there are any campgrounds on the Gila that do that, but if you don't mind driving a bit further there are lots on the Apache-Sitgreaves that do. That, or head north to the Santa Fe or Carson NF.
[https://www.fs.usda.gov/alerts/santafe/alerts-notices](https://www.fs.usda.gov/alerts/santafe/alerts-notices) This seems to be accurate. You can zoom in on the map and click on it to see any active closures. It looks like there's a few scattered closures of campgrounds on the Santa Fe and then some of the usual campfire bans.
I am going to watch the ever-loving crap out of this. I just wish I had my parent's couch they've had since I was a kid to completely replicate the feeling of being sick and watching this show endlessly. When I was a kid my favorite segments were the alien abduction/ghost ones so it's nice that it looks like they're keeping some of the alien stories. Now my favorite unsolved mysteries are the true crime ones and I hope they have some good ones. I also like that they have at least one story that doesn't seem to the US based. That's a good move, especially since the platform is Netflix rather then a US channel. I'd actually support them bringing in even more international unsolved mysteries both because they'd be interesting to see and also I want to see some international RL ghost stories. Now all I need to know is... HOW MANY EPISODES??? And will they hold up to endless rewatching like the original show?
That's a tough one and I honestly don't know what the right answer is going to be. There's a chance, a slim one, that the TEPSLF will still be a thing in 5 years or Congress will give that program more funding. That said, that's unlikely to happen with this administration and so there's a chance that it won't. How much are these loans for? Depending on how much the non-qualifying vs the qualifying loans are it may make sense to consolidate them and just count on doing 15 years of repayment instead of 10. You can try and gamble that the TEPSLF will be a thing in 5 years, but depending on how much money you're looking at it may be better to bite the bullet now rather then risk it.
I don't even want to think of the cultural trauma the country would have gone through if cell phones were even just a little more advanced. As it is the only pictures from inside the towers that day were from people who got out like that camera crew that just happened to be there that day on the lower levels. The survivors. If cell phone technology had been what it is today people would have been on Facebook Live for their own deaths. It would have been beyond horrible.
I’d fight to the death to keep it. Especially if it was included in the title so it was mine now. The LAOP can sell the lot to pay for all the mouse damage if he wants. Time to lawyer up, claim you thought it always came with three acres, and prepare for a fight!
There's a couple datamined videos out giving the list of the Crown Tundra pokemon. They give pretty much all the previous Gen Legendary and most of the mysticals from what I remember. I don't know if that means you'll be able to catch them fresh if you missed one or if you can just transfer them over, but if the datamining is correct then it could be a fun time.
I actually just went through this. My relocation cost about 12k. This was reported on my taxes as taxable income making it seem like I had made 12k more then I actually did that year. It would have increased my student loan payments for my IBR, BUT what I did was instead of submitting my tax form when I re-certified my income I sent in a recent paycheck instead. It took longer for them to re-certify my income, but they took it and so my recalculated student loan payment was for what I was actually making vs the fake "pay increase" I received with my move included. So you need to do the same thing. After your move when it's time to re-certify your income you need to send in your paycheck instead doing it the easy way with your taxes. It's the only way around this issue unfortunately.
The racist bits aren’t the tales themselves. Those made it to various videos and shorts because I can remember seeing them on TV in the 80s. The really cringe parts is the live action framework story around the animated tales. It’s pretty bad. And when it came out there were protests by African Americans because they thought it was pretty bad then too, it’s not that modern wholeness ruined it. Among the bad bits is that while it’s set in the Reconstruction era, the movie itself seems to have forgotten that. The black people all continue to live in slave cabins and are taking on the “happy singing slave” stereotype that was more popular back then. As in the popularized belief that black people were happy being slaves either because life was just so great being enslaved or they were too dumb to be able to live on their own. The child that the film follows is treated by all the black people as if he was the young master of their plantation... despite again them being free. When he gets lost the mother berates the main black character as if she was literally his master as she stands there in her Scarlet O’Hara dress. It’s basically a movie that acts as if it’s pre-Civil War while making it the most sanitized, clean, and happy slave plantation ever created. The animated short that’s the most problematic is by far the Tar Baby one. Partly because it’s gross saying that a doll made out of tar of course could be mistaken for a black person (they’re all so dark after all) but also because the term has been used to disparage RL black people as well. Disney did their best to try and save Zippity Do Da from the Song of the South film, but there’s a reason it’s never seen the light of day. It was considered problematic when it was first released and it hasn’t aged well at all. While it’s not trying to be overtly racist, it definitely reinforces negative stereotypes and does not accurately portray the era in which it was set.
I'm pretty sure in this scenario that Earth was heaven. Was being the key term. The Lunarians in their pit were definitely in hell.
As far as I can see there’s no other tea on it. We don’t even know if it was really restarted because the fight was one-sided or if there was a legit problem with the sound or lighting and Cracker took the opportunity to rally knowing that she was doing poorly. It’s unclear if it was restarted due to producer shenanigans or due to crew problems and how that was conveyed to the cast. All we really know for certain is that there was a restart for some reason. Cracker used the restart to her advantage and rallied while Morgan lost steam due to the restart. Possibly the restart allowed her to realize Mayhem was on the bottom and she lost faith since she didn’t want to risk sending home her friend. The differences in performance is probably why it ended up as a tie. Personally I think there was probably a legit issue with the filming and Cracker just took advantage of it. I don’t see why the producers would have stopped the lipsync since they would have known that the lipsticks both had Mayhem’s name. It’s probably also why they allowed a tie since they knew there wasn’t a risk of a double elimination though.
For me the standouts were India dropping the vases out of her puss (that had to be an edit trick) and Cracker pointedly moving her hand to the other cheek because she’d clutched the wrong one after Juju slapped her. I cracked up over both those moments way more then anything else. India and Mayhem did lose me on the licking though. It was a weird twist from the original brief and from the editing it looked like they had to be redirected back to what they were supposed to make the scene about. If they’d moved from the initial fight to the vase dropping and maybe took it from there they might have won it. Alexis and Shae would have been in serious danger for their scene then. Blair too since she was so overshadowed by Juju and Cracker.
Was it painfully clear to anyone else that Carson wasn’t even in that scene with the bro Queens? He was just so painfully green screened in after. Like bad green screen. On my feed you could see his fingers go sharp and parts of his hair would appear and vanish based on the way he turned his head. Made me wonder why the queens were playing off of instead. Probably a producer. But the bro parts were so absolutely terrible.
They seem to have a little cardboard wrap for the lipstick case to hide the name from the assassin. So far each assassin that’s won has had to take off the case while none of the winning queens have. That said, I think it would be pretty clear who was on the bottom is the assassin had the time to look around. They always pose the Queen in danger in front of the group. That’s my conspiracy for what happened during the lipsync restart. I think there probably was a legit problem with some part of the equipment and Cracker took the moment to rally and refocus while Morgan got the chance to actually look around and realized that Mayhem was in the bottom. Between Cracker trying a new tactic to win and Morgan possibly fearing who’s name was on her lipsync could explain both the tie and why the tea was that Cracker did so much better during round two.
Awww, I loved Blair’s tree fantasy. Juju’s my favorite to win (I will accept my downvotes) but her runway has been a little disappointing. Last episode’s was great, but this one needed a little extra oomph. I think if she’d gone a bit more glamour with the camo and maybe found one that sparkled or was shiny it might have helped. It was just a little bit dull though I really liked the concept.
I thought that was part of the really old show. Like it wasn’t just a bro panel, but the TMZ people “reporting” their scoops as if to each other then showing the footage like they did in the Ru version. I could be wrong through. I never watched TMZ on purpose, but I remember catching something in that format in waiting rooms and the like.
Oh I haven’t watched Mayhem’s live yet. If Morgan debunked it then it’s not true. There’s absolutely no reason for her to lie.
He’d not only get out of debt completely but have 21k left over! That’s a large chunk of change to be able to set aside. Unless he’s permanently disabled (in which a 100k settlement was likely not enough) that should be a year’s worth of VERY modest living to get back on his feet. And honestly I’d probably not pay back the student loans and let them ride until I got back on my feet. Especially federal private loans have some very forgiving policies for payback if you get on an Income Based Repayment.
I wasn’t comparing it to the confederate flag? I was just answering the question.
Right this second, as in RIGHT NOW. The Golden State Killer is pleading guilty in court. I'm watching the livestream on CNN this second.
The livestream is going through the process right now. He's pleading guilty to all 13 counts of murder.
It seems to be that it's dependent on how close people are to each other. So like the defense team are all wearing shields because they're sitting next to each other. The judge and whoever is at the lectern are not wearing masks, probably because they're over 6 feet away from each other. I imagine that when the person at the lectern goes back to their seat they put on a mask if they're close to other people.
I can't go looking for the source at the moment, but I believe that after Tylee came out with the bat she at some point took JJ out of the house and had either put him in the car or they were waiting together at the car. So, supposedly, both she and JJ were out of the house when Charles was shot. I don't know if this was actually true or not, Tylee may have been coached to say so, but if I remember reading the police report of her statements of the incident that's what she told the officers. I can't recall if Lori was in the house or not when the shot happened according to Tylee, but I remember that immediately after the shooting Lori had both kids in the car and they dropped JJ off at school. I would assume that would mean that at least JJ was not a witness to his father's murder since he didn't seem to know it had happened. The testimony from his teachers about his last day of school with them seems to indicate he'd only recently learned his father was dead and he was reacting badly to it. Tylee seems like she was a smart cookie though. Even if she wasn't a direct witness to Charles being shot I'm sure she could figure out that it wasn't really a self-defense shooting. Lori and Alex might have talked in front of her about it and she would have seen how quickly her mother moved on. This last bit is pure 100% speculation, but I wonder if JJ realizing his dad was dead had something to do with his own murder. The statements from his teachers indicate he had only recently learned of his father's death and was in deep denial. It seems as if he had been originally told that Charles was on another business trip. What if he made the link that Charles being away being code-word for dead meant that Tylee being away meant she was also dead. After all, she was killed a few weeks before JJ was. If away came to equal dead in JJ's mind he could have asked Lori if Tylee was dead that night after he'd been picked up from school and she and Alex could have killed him partially from the panic and also because they had guests in the house that couldn't know that Tylee had been killed.
To be brutally frank we may never know how Tylee was killed. If her body was reduced to bones via being burned, that would do away with most if not all of the evidence of a poisoning and unless there were obvious traumatic wounds to the bones it may have done away with any evidence of a physical murder as well. I would not be surprised if her autopsy comes back as Homicide: Undetermined or simply Undetermined as the cause of death. It sounds like JJ was found intact though. I would assume and hope that whatever method they used to kill JJ was the same one used to kill Tylee. They should likely be able to determine what was used to kill JJ. Personally I do suspect poison for Tylee for sure. From the phone records it looks like Alex went to go get fast food very very late at night. He might have gotten a drink for Tylee that he and Lori slipped something into to kill her. Probably the same thing slipped to Tammy that caused her to have pink foam at the mouth when she was found.
Just because you're old doesn't mean that you can get out of punishment. There's a reason there's no statute of limitations for murder. The family and survivors get closure. They get to know that that Diangelo will have to admit to killing/raping their loved ones. They get to see him locked up and know there's no way that he can hurt anyone again. And there's also a bit of vengeance seeing someone else be locked up and made miserable when they've been miserable for decades not knowing who killed their love ones. What would the alternative be anyway? Catching him at last but have the prosecution go, "Oh, you're old now. I guess we just let you live your life. Don't do crime again!" Sure, Diangelo may serve only five years before dying, maybe more, maybe less, but those five years get to be spent with him in jail knowing that everyone around him knows he's a piece of shit who raped and murdered others instead of being able to stay in comfort on the outside.
At least those psychic readers can be just a bit of harmless fun. Four people are dead because of this woman. Possibly six. Maybe more.
There must be a court photographer because there are some closeups. Here's one: https://dynaimage.cdn.cnn.com/cnn/digital-images/org/99ed6d8f-49f1-4de5-9b5d-2ef64f55fee8.jpg
If the link died for anyone else here’s another one on YouTube. https://youtu.be/LYXYxEXNSv4
If he was sorry he would have turned himself in decades ago. Or would never have committed all those crimes. He’s only sorry he got caught.
