Call the brokers and say what is your commission rates and do you offer international stocks?
Dude just call the companies. Ask basic questions like can I buy these stocks? I’m sure there are people nice enough to figure this out for you, but you can easily do it yourself
No it would be easier for you and more work for others. Stop being lazy and do some research.
When you realize that you have a parent company, and you aren’t literally the CEO of the entire operation
Ah they are definitely the parent company Also to answer your who cares question, Constellation does
Your immediate response is to be negative towards a comment WHILE complaining about toxicity?
Market leaders fall. It happens all the time. That’s the theme. Give me any sector and I’ll tell you the market leader that dropped over time
It’s a earnings call answer where you have to answer to shareholders why a company is burning through a billion dollars in 18 months
I think you have to describe with ease. GC are the most consistent and take their chances at the highest level. It’s the subtle difference in all athletic competitions, playing amazing defense on a pro basketball player but he hits a shot regardless, or giving Cristiano Ronaldo an angle another pro would miss but he buries it in the upper corner. GC and pro level matches are more about taking the chances you create 5-7 times a game and actually scoring them. Lower level games yield 20-30 chances a game and you have more room for error. The creativity in highlights GCs use is another level, but getting wins comes from consistency in everything.
https://www.instagram.com/p/B6yXV_SHSf8/?igshid=eykop1katihv In case anyone doesn’t own Cresco or GTI People in Chicago love weed. Buying so much this weekend.
Yes they would be able to do that, but it would still require playing well. They can’t be multitasking taking care of the kids while playing in a C2 game.
I'll keep thinking. I guess I should post with more. But it is one of his themes throughout his shows/movies.
Neither do we
Vaping is really bad for you. Please don’t vape if you expect health benefits. Guess people would rather downvote then bring up the massive health benefits of vaping and smoking weed. Pain management is the only one. If you are 18 years old, it’s not good for you. Find the doctors that say vaping is a great recreational health activity Link to the studies please.
So it’s better for you than something awful for you
Are you prepared to launch social equity programs? It’s a caveat in the license. I’m 29. I don’t know who I’ve wronged in my life, but apparently I have to make this right in my application to the state. I have no doubts that the marijuana laws have dramatically hurt poorer minority communities. Why is it my responsibility as a Chicago resident to make this right?
I use fidelity. Their customer service is amazing. Post your legitimate amounts, cash+margin buying power and I’ll believe they just closed you out. If you were leveraged a shit ton, bought a penny stock on margin, you deserve to be closed out early.
Top.
I hope I never know what Iraqi state TV is saying. Markets moon on war declarations, they bleed on news of war.
You can. You just play it. Nothing in the game settings are stopping you from playing. Ever go to a basketball or soccer court? You play against the same 10-15 people on a rotation. If you don’t like that join a league.
What about queuing, getting so mindlessly upset at the situation and just laying on the ground in AFK as a protest? Is that fun?
I don’t want any changes. Listen to me Psyonix.
Def sell tomorrow
It obviously has significantly more potential than Canada. Canada has 35 million people. I don’t know what the stats are for over 18. Then you take the 80/20 rule for over 18, to see how many smoke weed. It’s not a large user base.
Have you considered calling IB rather than posting on Reddit? God I fucking hate these posts.
Excellent tip. Definitely going to use. I always tell when practicing shooting that your eyes lie to you. When you start to hit outside spinners to the right side that possibly go out for a thrown in, the ball continued to roll. This happened in the moment between when your eyes locked on your shooting point of the ball, and the foot hitting the ball, the ball took a .5-1 more revolutions away from your body / eyes. Always over compensate, and until you are elite, never hit a standing ball in training and warm ups. Aim a 2-3 inches over to the right side on a rolling ball for optimal striking contact. Obviously you have to work on free kicks but the point stands.
It’s the safest bet now at this stage in Canada. They are one of three companies in Germany and the only one that actually has cash. They own a Germany distributor as well. They have always been financially well run. They have all their production facilities licensed except their extraction facility. Canada is still a joke though. The company is not worth 1.2 billion. It’s worth more. Who knows how much.
#nelsonpeltz
They would have had to dilute significantly more to purchase today. Hundreds of millions more in shares
Dude you don’t have a clue. Google it.
Yes so they would have to issue more shares to account for the depreciation in value.
You have to use the whole sentence to understand the point. In Germany... In Germany...
It’s to raise money for future investment.
Splitting a stock doesn’t do anything to the share price. Stop going off your gut feel
They can buy back shares at the market and reissue more shares. It’s a process. You can sell off 10% then 10% more
Where is he? How do you know he’s alone?
There is a level of this game I simply will never get to. I don’t have hours a day to try that
Ha I mean he can just show up and say let’s bomb this mofo. There has to be multiple forms of intelligence to prove that persons whereabouts motives and location.
This chart is retarded I mean for options it has no value at all. Just be right on when, okay got it. For stock, it’s a signal to buy more. Because all you have to do is look at the 10 year and not the 2 year to realize to keep buying. Imagine being this dumb.
Ah fair but the advanced mechanics to legit confuse opponents are beyond me, let alone the consistency to repeat
The wording of my comment is so dumb. I’m saying it doesn’t have a direct effect on a stock going up or down after the split
Wait the 737 has problems? I don’t know anything about BA. I bought 3 shares on Wednesday. There’s 0 chance the core business is effected in 2025. Customers barely have a choice in this decision. I know they are B2B but it’s not really just that. Imagine being outside with a date after a bar, and the girl says I don’t trust Subaru’s due to the recent recalls. So she refuses to get in the Uber. Obviously never going to happen.
Confirmed. We watch a movie once a night on the weekends. I would rather die than cancel.
It’s been out 1 month, what did you expect?
Yep. Keep your ear to the grindstone.
You intentionally fly on Airbus? Literally took 20 flights this year. No one cared what make and model the aircraft was.
Ford Those are three awful companies to bet against. They could just generate a -5-0% return and you get fisted
Are you getting beat physically or skill wise? If it’s skill wise, focus on the fundamentals and quicker decision making. You won’t win this game. If it’s physical, just try to get better every day. Work on making the right passes regardless of their outcome, like if a teammate doesn’t receive the ball properly but the CM successfully switches it. At U12 you can lose 0-4 and out play the other team or rather you got better at soccer and their fast forwards scored 4 goals.
Same
The best way to practice it honestly is just to do a single jump boost at full speed on a slow bouncer The real real air dribble is really hard to master. Like anything just every 1000 times you mess up try again
I would focus on aerial training as much as possible. That’s more of the game than anything as you move up. The rest you simply learn naturally. If you can’t put the ball on net 6/10 times on every aerial training, don’t worry about anything advanced
Solid lines.
I legitimately do not understand how there are vape brands. Can anyone explain it to me? Just put the cartridge in another vape that’s working
You made a prediction, you were wrong.
Like moths to a flame Our subs and retardation
That’s exactly what they mean
Blue, I’ll pay 30 bucks more a year for clickable graphs that pop out. Unless I’m a moron, Molly’s trading graphic is unclickable. Just subbed for the year.
Inflation
I don’t believe Trump can handle that level of thought. He tweets in all caps. He’s literally a grand father. My grand dad is like 7 years older than him and developed MRSA in a home.
Lol. Guys today on Wednesday, we are all going to swim. Luis stop dunking Messi.
I have fun playing. I don’t think I’m going to be a pro tennis clash player. I have fun on Tour 1.
This is correct. Licensed in all 50 states and it’s a bullet point in auto policies tests for studying. It does not pop up on the exam if memory serves, but just something to remember. I’m a GL adjuster so I don’t do auto.
Understood. But many to put it nicely, idiots, equate the lawsuits with illegal activity.
Electric elephant, fantastic EDM festival Never been sadly
When it works it works, when it does not, I sell. #TA
Everything is profitable over the long term if you are right. Asking this question alone is evidence enough that you will fail.
Yea I’m saying that’s what he meant by weight risk and how silly it is to buy physical gold
Just gonna keep buying, 10 years no one will care. As long as Americans don’t die You’re not wrong Walter you’re just an ass hole
I would actually read this prospectus as an interested buyer. They are similar to Apple in the way, their product is easily replaceable but they do the little things right to keep you hooked. So overpriced as well which people associate with status. Could easily see them getting into mini golf as well which has the highest of margins. 1 employee sitting at a desk is the overhead.
Please pull up the meeting where it was 1.4%
At no point has the FED had inflation near 1.4 in the past two years. It was 1.4 in 2016. Why are you so stupid?
I’m sitting at my desk as a claims adjusters reading this. I don’t work 99.9% of the day. Are working right now while posting on Reddit? Have some emotional intelligence. Your adjuster could be home with their sick child. They will get back to you.
Well you are wrong. It’s not discerning. You don’t understand the job. Experienced professionals in the industry here overwhelmingly are explaining that its common.
I apologize that I’m explaining the truth. I’m assigned around 130 claims a month. Many people and many calls to make. Best of luck. They will contact you soon.
They aren’t doing well. That’s why.
I’ll repeat it. Bruce Linton made people rich, but he straight up pumped the sector. The total operational failures were eventually made quite clear from STZ. 11 months into a 5 BILLION dollar investment, the parent company saw enough and said get the fuck out. Taking the vantage point as a STZ investor, your bottom line is getting crushed due to this investment. They could have bought Aphria and ACB for less right now. STZ has done everything they can to make up for this mistake, but it’s a mistake nonetheless. Bruce Linton’s career on the main stage is done. I’m sure I will get down voted to hell. But again, nothing I presented was factually incorrect except for my opinion at the bottom. Bruce did such a good job, they fired him! Great work!
Fuck this company. I own 111 shares now and my options played raped me.
Bovada you can literally bet on the winner
I mean you can go to William Hill in Vegas and bet any dollar you want.
In Illinois 700-1.25 million, you might have it sit a year. This was from an experienced instructor at my last CE class, so who knows. Below that it’s still pretty healthy.
Yea sorry bias came through. Def not Kankakee
Anyone can look this up but an ex-credit analyst on the www.thecannalysts.blog did a theoretical model, that if Canopy was a monopoly in Canada, they still would not turn a profit That’s how ridiculous bad their operational performance has become. People dislike their product and they sell at negative margins. They dragged down STZ’s entire quarter this period. Them and ACB are just total dog shit
You’re a smart man. It’s entirely possibly STZ cuts them loose in the next 2 years. They are already underwater and hemorrhaging cash. It’s going to be the Harvard Business review one day as one of the worst investments
In Illinois, there is not a lot of margin in general. Taxes are insane, I feel that we have to take that into consideration. Its specifically crazy in Illinois. Only solid margin is multi units here.
Agreed, but I’m running rough calculations on all the rentals listed in the west burbs. No one is making any RI money unless the home is paid off. Can you guide towards a strong margin on a SFH? I’m not disagreeing with you, but would 3-4% be alright?
Yea I mean I’m an agent, so I’m calculating every rental I see. No one is making money off these. I guess they are just monitoring the cash bleed, and waiting for the homes to be paid off.
Tell us more swami jesus
Just don’t fucking dance - guy on RH after watching the Big Short for the first time
Companies are going to go out of business. It’s a reality. Many people do not believe this. Go on SEDAR look up the company’s financials, look at their cash, and see what it is QoQ.
I guess none. They aren’t audited on investor relations I believe.
Take this elsewhere
Can you explain briefly why they are so expensive for .1?
Girl in college asked me if I wanted to go back because she could find me a bed in her sorority. Next question was me asking my friend if we should go look together. My friend and I were stranded at the time. She did not ask him. I still think about it
It’s legitimately possible ACB goes out of business people. They had 60-70 million in revenue with a leveraged balance sheet last Q. It’s not blue skies ahead. This is straight math. It’s not FUD. The next Q will be very telling if they can generate enough revenues to survive. I don’t know why people are so scared to discuss this possibility.
I love people making fun of an analyst, while we’re holding the worst performing sector -50% across the board. Look at this dummy guys. We’re the smart ones. Down -50%!
Thanks!
Did he log in on a website? After a long response, I bet he did.
I would fly on it.
Their just cosmetic rewards. I don’t think many long term players legitimately care if you have a season reward. I play against grand champions all the times, and I don’t think they are good. It’s just words on a screen. It’s a dopamine drip to keep you playing. I use the silver S11 rewards.
I love a good 20% OTM hedge Especially with no financial considerations “I’m gonna bet a million on black here and another 200k on 00 as a hedge”
No they aren’t! They need cash and do not have it. They aren’t doing anything in Germany because of their lack of permits. They have little to no accretive USA assets.
Did you know Al Gore was an experienced mobile device engineer at Apple before he ran for president?
No greater theme than people on Reddit discussing how bad their bosses are
I’m very envious of your rank and skill. But I’m not going to change the reward structure so I can get it. Just have to have maturity and move on. Kudos to you though. This guy’s points are just so silly
Post the screenshots of the harassment
How will they pay the debt? *why are you such a hater man*
Damn. This comment will really help in your financial analysis. See ya.
Who is the new CEO? Terry Booth has been there for years.
Literally no clue, but it’s the next logical outcome in the cloud movie space. People actually want to watch and will pay for Disney movies. I’ve never cared about a movie release from Netflix
Got about 5k on the line on Tuesday with older options/leaps.Have shares as well. Old bet, down like 66%. I might still be wrong with the SP movement after earnings, but either way, if they legit miss guidance, I will be out from A1 on Friday protesting the company. It’s a quick drive from Chicago.
Oh wow good point. Boo this man - me at the ICR if they miss
Occam’s razor - Aphria is a horribly managed company. So with that logical thought considered. They cucked and boasted with the reiteration of guidance during earnings week. One would assume this means they felt pretty confident about it. I will just be floored if they can’t hit their own metrics that they put out twice. Carl coming on the AMA. I’ll just be shocked at this level of stupidity, just shocked.
But why not reguide down then? Do this immediately right when the issues it.
If you are maxed Tour 4 with those stats that's utterly amazing. Farm there. There is no way. Your build isn't good at all.
I have no experience in app development, but I could build a strong sales model in one day of work. It’s hilarious how this is all tour 2 stuff and I can barely upgrade the other items for the cost. It wouldn’t even help me to spend 100k in coins to improve other items.
I think it will get me 1-2 points, but I kill people with stamina in tour 4
Dropped me by 10 points
I’ll upgrade it but it drops my serve currently to 9
lol I made a comment that makes no sense
You lose nothing interviewing him
Appreciate you sending the article. However, I have never looked a pick up truck and seen noticeable differences in the design outside of Tesla. If you took off the grill of 99% of pick up trucks, I would never be able to tell them apart.
They aren't more sought after. People believe their investments will go up. F has a dividend and their product simply isn't being bought. So the dividend is useless if the stock trades below the breakeven with dividends included.
GM?
He’s a fantastic coach for tactical knowledge and technique. He has a massive Instagram following. I played D3 and D1 soccer. I have a 7 year old son, we do a lot of his trainings.
APHA’s ATM call volume today is pretty fucking bullish going into earnings tomorrow Open interest as well is like 3:1
I have 675 shares and 35 Leaps.
I too like cash Perhaps get a job rather than gamble and make the mistake that you are going to be the 1% of guys that can just get the high stakes world of gambling. 345 is literally retarded
Confused. The stock market keeps breaking records so which time between now and then did you think you should sell? How did you find it to be a perfect time. Just up your retirement % preparing for the down slide. Invest in the business - Warren Buffet
“They keep calling our fund brownhole” Never stopped laughing at the bankers doing that. Could easily see myself giving that instruction
$APHA Look at the fucking chain guys. You have 40 minutes Volume is 13,000 calls to 3,300 puts. Open interest is better. 61,000 calls : 17,000 puts.
Thanks captain hindsight
Tried to buy some at Sunnyside this weekend but my wife was being annoying. I just don’t understand how you couldn’t hold GTI or CL in your portfolio.
😳 You understand that would put CGC as half the size of the parent company. STZ has 8 billion in revenue.
I don’t care what they trade on. CGC is not going to be worth half of STZ for several years.
Literally their entire business model for the last 5 years and billions of growth proves otherwise. This has to be one of the worst takes ever, considering how their is data people enjoy 2 day and 1 day. You’re 100% wrong and you are trusting your gut.
He bet that if Amazon Prime took away 1 or 2 day shipping no one could care. I would pay like $100 to see the eternal shit storm that would occur with Bezos announcing that. He should be banned for how idiotic that take is.
And hanukah lol The moment you leave middle school, no one gives a fuck about Hanukah.
Exactly. Something something fiddler on the roof
No. I’m saying ACB is going out of business and that is why the stock has lost almost 90% of its value. The US legalizing doesn’t change the fact about how much cash ACB has
There are two main international funds I use. FEMKX is expensive and has a 10% high return than I believe FSLSP
Tying news articles to market sentiment - Chapter 1
I don’t care about anyone’s religion. There’s no reason to make vows or any proclamations if you are going to do it again if you have bad luck.
Again, capital allocation in portfolios. This is the the worst stock I’ve owned. Another 3 months-9 months with 0 appreciation looking forward. You can clearly see the picture the company is trying to paint. But it’s 2020. What a waste of 4 years. Rename the company - opportunity cost “Why sell now with all this potential moving forward” - u/Footsteps10 in 2018
Yep. I’m selling my leaps at open and buying GTI and CL.
The amount of time you have wasted trying to educate me on your semantic definition of opportunity cost is hilarious. My opportunity cost every time I purchased in Aphria in the past has led to a lesser or negative return. Stop responding to me. I understand the meaning. You should read the quote about busy bodies from CS Lewis. Just a brutal existence from you. You can’t look in hindsight - lol what the hell yes you can.
I think legitimately we had this conversation last Q or last year. I own 675 shares, I’ll keep them on the back burner, sold my leaps for -60% loss, better than 100. I just know in 2 years, there will be an opportunity to buy more. They miss guidance again, it’s over for another 3 months. I don’t know who it was but it was a regular - “Guide, beat, guide, beat” - they know the game now, They stumbled on their first guidance. Only thing you can do is laugh. The company is not well run. If it was well run, they would use proper risk management techniques and forecast humbly. Errors happen in production, vapes leak. They wouldn’t go all in with guidance if they were well run. I won’t be selling, but it’s laughable and embarrassment that they expect retail investors to stick around with such poor public communication.
I mean the company financially and operationally is trending in the right direction. All goes well, they will get another pump on their first revenue sale
Who do you have?
🤔
Like a fucking horror film. Young virgin named Outlook asleep on the bed in the opening scene, while Irwin Simon in a gigantic bag of weed is in the closet with a machete It’s Outlook’s last bowl, Summer 2020
Damn, for sure going out of business now
If everything goes absolutely perfect, we will hit this guidance. If one thing goes wrong, regardless of size, we won’t. Proper governance 101, so happy with them right now.
I mean dude. I love Tesla and the possibilities for the company, but if you think the stock is worth 93 Billion, no one will ever be able to tell you otherwise. I’ve never owned the stock yet, but I don’t believe the company is worth a 1/3 of Toyota. That’s just insane Wall Street when they have a hype stock will always have people that try reign it back in.
Lol what a comment. Imagine being this dumb. Someone leaves a job for any reasons that are unknown, morale* is low. Guy could have been hit by a fucking bus
Savings accounts aren’t there for a return. You are right. It’s silly how much people care about .10-1.50. You can log in on Uber, do 1 ride and make more than a savings account the whole year. It’s just peace of mind that your money is safe.
Apple’s credit card does this. PNC does as well
Every cent that it goes up is 10 million in market cap That is deep value territory So .10 c the company is now worth 100 million more #lol
You think it’s worth 3 billion dollars on declining revenues, they burned through 50% of their working capital, 300 million dollars in debt due in 2021 and they have 172 million cash on hand. Publicly explained that we are stopping construction on our expanding projects to conserve capital = going out of business
Just buy $MO
Hope RH is working out for you
Reddit investors going to give their opinion on aeronautical software issues in commercial planes and how it effects business functions in the monopolistic global airplane sector “It would have been cheaper to scrap” - Weedstocks investor in Canada with Engineering 101 taken freshman year Who knows
It’s a private entity that has no international designations. I have advanced national and US soccer C. I agree with the education pathway. My point is that the relationship between the two entities is so freaking weird
Post is rather long, but it highlights the unique nature of US soccer and how exceptionally odd our operations have become.
Got a link to that? On USC right now. Happy to say I’m wrong
I saw the press release. You get the UEFA C for taking that course. Which is below significance of international coaching. It’s the equivalent of having the USSF C. You need the B or A for UEFA or US.
https://unitedsoccercoaches.org/united-soccer-coaches-announces-coaching-education-experience-with-scottish-football-association/
That’s really nice that the Scottish FA is working with USC. You still have to fly to Scotland
Are you asking me or is this rhetorical? My question is rhetorical.
This is not a point made by an upset fan. I’ve coached college and youth in multiple jobs throughout the country. I have an advanced national license from USC and the US Soccer National C license. Best of luck.
I mean I went paragraph to paragraph. I’m shocked you don’t understand it. I can’t help your reading comprehension. I’m not going to re-explain the entire post because one person doesn’t understand it. I don’t understand physics but I don’t ask the physicists to explain it to me personally.
“Small bubble?” I am a member of the organization. No it’s not normal. I love how you didn’t provide any information on these comparisons. The Illinois state police academy doesn’t outsource training of police to a private organization.
So I don’t know anything about these organizations. Is there a national organization as well? Business organizations usually do not have a national organization. The Series 7 exam for FINRA and the SEC isn’t done by the American Investors club. I belong to RIMS and CLM for insurance claims. There isn’t a national organization that is represented on the international stage of risk management. I’m glad you are actually point things out rather than just saying “this dumb”. It appears you got my points.
So a national organization under the United States government. You got it!
Great then move on.
Exactly. I’m trying to illuminate people into the operational failures of US soccer and the general disorganization that our country’s national body works in.
Thank you. US Soccer is a mess.
Stock has been dragged up for no good reason when every financial indicator is that they are shrinking again.
Stats in Northbrook, IL will do this for you if you want to pay.
Post your returns. YoY.
You shouldn’t carry a balance ever. You have two hard pulls over this time. This naturally leads a decline over time.
To live cheaply and to make money, You took 7 pictures of the same fucking cat 10 days ago. Don’t throw stones in glass houses
Operation Valkyrie
The logical idea behind prohibition makes sense. I always like John Oliver’s take on the lottery, essentially the state shouldn’t be advocating for citizens to use things that are agains their health and well being. Many states aggressively advertise the lottery as if it’s a good financial decision for its citizens. Similar to alcohol and weed. You can consume this, you don’t know if you can handle it, you may become addicted and change the course of your life. You may hurt others as well. It really is a massive catch 22. But obviously in practice, governments cannot fight the drug war. Better to just have them sell all the illicit drugs safely and tax it. Netherlands I believe even sells heroin legally. AIDS, crime and usage rates went down across the board. Then you have a data base of users, so you can track them and perhaps offer treatment.
Beatings will continue until morale improves
No, but it happens and it happens to almost everyone in history So fuck companies
Yes they pivoted in the early 2000s to diabetes medication to treat/reward their most valued customers then the rest is history. Similar to Jack in the Box buying Mattel toys to fill their sales channel.
Damn was gonna read the post until I saw TA. Tell me if Mr. Fibonacci works out for you. Can’t wait for people to actually realize they are studying tarot cards
What happened to the protest!?!?! Dude everyone show off your basic builds with Reddit flags! Don’t lose heart brothers! lol
No no, the protest is still on.
That’s illegal, you can’t charge different rents to families of different sizes. You simply have a maximum number of tenants and have to be specific across the properties
Too many inquiries? Why don’t you just save 9k and buy it? Obviously so many more details are needed until we understand why.
What is the capitalization rate and cash on cash rate yearly of this property then compare to the benchmark return of the market? If you are getting 8-12% then just start contributing to the IRA. If you are near 5% or below, pay it off I would imagine because the debt isn’t helping you getting a larger return elsewhere.
Okay so this is your problem. You keep applying and this scares creditors. You have 4 hard pulls in 30 days which to be blunt is moronic. You should learn about these things before making bigger decisions. I would wait until you have 75-90% of the your purchase price of the car, finance a little of the purchase to start some credit history. You should meet with a banker, explain the decisions you made incorrectly regarding your credit, your income, and what you would like to do with your credit.
Yes I just explained what to do. You look like a random person constantly applying for credit.
Market went up 30% from the dip that was utterly pointless. Apple literally fucked the markets in late fall 2018. They just had an earnings miss and wanted to scare everyone
Keep reading then ask more targeted questions about your confusions
They had to sue the federal government with billions in reserves donated by retard Hollywood people They didn’t just go for it “Holy shit guys, we just thought of this idea, make a religion” - high person
Buy used Was there a purge in California about leather?
Don’t care prove it
This has been old news since forever
#more
Gotcha. It would be interesting to hear real examples
Agreed. I’m just gonna delete. I tried to delve into the points of the article but just getting downvoted to the shadow realm because I suggested they should get more specific. We all know they made a colossal error. What actually went wrong? But whatever. It’s Reddit.
Research good spots to park should not be a bullet point You have no idea how high I can fly - Michael Scott -- u/stormwillpass
Instagram is probably the quickest source to understand coaching, so many diagrams and then real coaches doing it
Eddie Johnson on Instagram and then I simply scroll on explore and save things. I coached college soccer so I know what I’m looking for
Fuelforfootball Born to play as well
The best way is to legit start a retail chain. There is a ketamine store in Wrigley in Chicago. It dilates the anus - Silicon Valley I know you have no clue how to do that so just wait until you buy the first company then it gets pumped.
You provided no data and we are all dumber for having read the post. I award you no karma and may god have mercy on your soul
#inventory #manufacturingnumbers
This is one of those things that just gets solved with innovation and everyone will forget about. In 2003, there was a massive fucking hole in the ozone. It was like one chemical in aerosol sprays. They fixed it and there was no issue. Bazillion of articles later, nothing. Everyone just moved on. In 1919 there was a massive fucking 100 football field wide dust storm in the Midwest every day for 3 years. It was due to a lack rotational farming. They realized it, and it was over. Plastic will turn into this. Long $BA
Thanks Tobey
I love this sentiment. We all want to win together! - Capitalists “Please buy everyone’s product good customer, you must be fair” /s
Who are you buying the shares from?
Similar depression, if you don’t bring the cycle, the stress will continue If you get sad a lot don’t listen to sad music
If it’s private, the company is diluting to offer these shares or another person is selling it to you
Ketamine I believe
Yea I understand it. Companies have a set amount of shares. You said your company was private. How are even evaluating your purchase? The person selling you the shares is telling you what they cost?
Again, that means they are diluting their share count to provide an issuance of shares
Yes I don’t understand how OP can work in PE and not understand private shares
Can be spread between people. Are we ruling out fucking apes again?
What if BA causes the spread? Really getting into Pandemic here on addictinggames.com here. Study hall 7th period, there is work to do
What about the local markets in Wuhn
We trust your abilities
I think that was in 2018
😳
Disney makes money off making movies and streaming them. It’s not rocket science that this would be a better business model than Netflix. Every dollar Netflix spends, they have no discernible way to identify if it will yield more subscribers. Only thing you could do is conduct significance studies, how quickly did a new subscriber watch a new film? I have 15 people on my account. We use it all sporadically. Every time my kid sees a new Pixar or Marvel movie, we have to go. Disney is such a better buy than Netflix.
Is this a fair question for the AMA? Carl, in my limited understanding of valuation. Companies are evaluated through a DCF or FCF analysis and many other factors. In a growing or emerging sector like cannabis, there are certainly other factors to consider when evaluating individual companies, markets they operate in, financial health and improvements QoQ with sales and costs, regulatory headwinds, what have you. It is my contention that these elements are the bricks that lay the foundation of the company, but public perception is the mortar. It appears the guidance issued and statements made by the executive team were almost other worldly considering where we are at in the FY. As an investor that has long shares on 95% of my Aphria stock, why should I continue to trust you into the next year when almost every public statement has required some form of alteration? —- In my head, these guys are just morons. Why even give a “deadline/expectation” if you expect GMP in mid January? Even if you didn’t see vapes being issue? You are in a fucking emerging market, just hit EBITDA positive and you will be reward immediately! Why guide something so high and have to revise within a quarter!? “We’re sorry” - BP executives on South Park
Your second paragraph is exactly what I’m asking.
I think first mover advantage in this space blew their load a little early. It appears that 100,000 KGs is enough to fulfill the entire domestic demand with relative market share.
As you move up the corporate ladder, your needs as a leader change. You move from the technical into the conceptual when it comes to expertise. Bruce exemplifies this idea. “You gotta get the data then you gotta test” - 3rd grade science class I will be shocked if scientists unlock a portion of the plant that significantly improves sleep 30-40% more effective than simple indica strains. Sounds like something the marketing team could just do in 2025 NyQuil vs DayQuil
Simplest explanation is that people don’t understand the product. My dad is a lawyer and started using it recreationally. Indica and Sativa is silly especially when they actually have different effects. You think a light beer is actually light? It’s a marketing word. Cannabis needs this development. I remember reading my friends high times on the toilet, 100s of strains. Marketing will fuel this movement
TARP was under Bush
Every school administrator has no problem raising tuition on your broke ass either. Including all the professors that want raises who care about you. Free tuition, tell your president to stop raising tuition 300% in 10 years
Tell your liberal friends the classics have 90% less students than last decade and the professors pay never dropped
You graduated in 2015 but still use the expression “read stocks” and want a job at a hedge fund? Just show them this post man, they will understand quickly
Just tell them you can read a stock top to bottom.
Good on you for knowing this stuff, just can’t imagine tracking Chinese domestic economic data.
They are going out of business people. Get out.
This logic is the exact opposite of all behavioral economics. It can’t go lower...
The dividend has nothing to do with stability of a stock in a declining industry. It’s a cash payment out of the company to share holders. If the inputs in oil companies continue to lose profitability it won’t matter if the dividend doubles, they will still lose SP
All conjecture but if rumors are true, solar and wind are still awful conductors or producers of electricity. Nuclear is the only positive energy source if you don’t have an accident.
I would back up some of your comments with sources. Buffett buys businesses at par or undervalued. He does what every business wants, to expand and grow. It takes cash and knowledge to do that. In and Out doesn’t expand to every state, they are regional. Perhaps they have a plan to go national but don’t have the resources to do it.
Damn that’s revolutionary, what about buy one get one?
Why is any of this in bold How do you hear about something not personally?
I use yelp literally all the time. However they got it included in iOS maps, should apparently get their dick sucked in the hallway.
Yea I mean they sold their game to them. They deserve as much shit as Epic
That’s Psyonix for you, that sold their game apparently with their eyes closed
Psyonix.
I’m not defending them. I’m saying blame the people that started this.
Lol what? No I wouldn’t. If Nazis wanted to buy my home, I would pass
I am comfortable.
Yea I mean it sounds stupid, but you can’t ignore the fact that they had full choice to say no
Okay I won’t. They could have googled any forum about Epic’s customer service practices. You just apologize for a company that you have no intimate or insider information about because you think they are your friend, Psyonix cared so much about you, they sold their company to the worst customer service video game company in the world. I love you think you know about management versus the development team. It’s a management directive for the development team to be inclusive and nice to their customers, but I guess you have some personal friendship with them because they responded to your post one time. The entire development team could have quit during the acquisition, the entire company could have backed out of the deal. You wrote a poetic idea about all the artists and developers lol. Just hilarious how rosy of an image you have these people when you don’t know a thing about them.
It’s unlikely the employees were happy with the decision #LOL You don’t know this at all
No I’m not going to read gut feelings and respond
You said you were done responding.
Absolutely. Almost every communication about crates or game play improvements was brought up by the community first. It was never Psyonix saying we messed up here. We are gonna retire crates, ehhhh, not so fast.
Yes which has locked in the dividend return for 20 years you fucking moron
Haha I will never dive into that family. I don’t care enough
Amazing DD though
They bail them out. America was built by bailing out winners, they don’t bail out the losers son. They exist by rigging a nation by the winners for the winners. Only 1 in 100 are gonna get on the boat. - 99 homes.
Long STZ. Going up to Milwaukee this weekend, only loaded Coronas all weekend
It’s an amazing company and stock
No, they are too occupied with East St Louis, Illinois
You have to buy during the summer and sell on a cold front
And Disney has a massive library on top of *snaps fingers* The most successful movies of all time that make money in theaters! Fuck - Netflix
Work on using the same form but only hit long ground passes. It will correct your foot placement on the ball. You are basically hitting a power curl in your shot with correct striking form. Hitting long ground passes with proper form will evolve your technique from a shot to the ability to hit a 50 yard air ball cross field switch.
How did you not give presents to your parents on their birthday? Well you lost it here, but still.
Have you ever been inconvenienced by them selling your data? I wake up, go to work, pick up my kids, go home, make food, go to bed. At what point was my data needed on that day. I don’t care that they know anything about my day
Still literally have no clue who is Nipsey Hussle, but social media keeps telling me how popular he was. His songs have never been on main stream radio or played at any clubs.
Wonder if he is going to fine the pilots that fly over Surrey airspace, what a loser
This is easily googleable. Read a book then come back
Maybe provide the reasons!
Lol, I know the reasons. You forgot VR
Dude just watch some stand up specials on YouTube. You are awful at this.
I can literally tell you every single thing about the company. Please ask any actual targeted questions. I have no clue if the stock will go up.
Not in APHA’s case
That’s a retarded question man. You are basically saying, do you guys believe more people will buy than sell between now and the date I sell my options? Who the fuck knows that? Does this dilutive financing provide a floor for the SP? No it doesn’t.
$MO reports on Thursday. I’m long $MO and it’s my second largest holding paying a 7% dividend. I have literally no idea why anyone would ever buy $CRON with their current business model. I agree that $CRON looks like a safe play into 2025, but Christ not right now.
Thankfully I don’t subscribe to Zacks when I have great tips like buying SBUX, AAPL and PYPL from WSB. Thank you sir. Honesty start a fund soon. OP is a senior in high school lol https://www.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/d0ruxb/quick_question_about_november_sat/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf Damn best of luck getting into college.
CRON with no dividend is -50%+ this year. $MO is up 5% this year with a 7% dividend. Do the math.
Exactly. I mean what a recommendation. 1,000 words later and I know for sure what to do
It had 12 million in revenue last Q. Go for it dude. You won’t convince me.
Awesome. Glad you took the time to just comment nothing.
They don’t. I’m discussing the benefits of owning the parent company rather than Cronos
I would reassure you that you would want MO to succeed for the benefit of CRON. Imagine CRON with no support and 12m in Q revenue.
I’m not suggesting that they are giving the money back. I’m saying if MO continues to succeed they will be able to support CRON more. Wild reading comprehension.
You can always take another test to improve your scores. I did so for my graduate program. I had to take the ACT again. Best of luck.
Well managed companies don’t have problems paying their suppliers.
My son has an investment brokerage account. He’s 7. It’s called a custodial account.
Lol
You just commented the same phone number on 6 of my comments. We can go get help together.
Swing and a miss. Hilarious day with you. Thanks for the distraction.
Agreed. It still is very frustrating, just stop buying and accumulate cash. There is literally no point in 3 years where you couldn't buy more under your average if you were patient.
I think there still are remnants of ACB/CGC are best. It literally does not matter what happens. APHA has to hit the revised guidance or they are a disaster of a company.
Meetup
Stop hitting at the person would be a great suggestion
Yes I agree the adjuster or risk management person could have done that better, but there is no verification process in these calls. You can just say that. All the info is confidential. You can say we reviewed our surveillance and spoke to the employees, but there is no way to actual verify that you did unless you sue.
I can assure you the underlying math was not considered before the purchase. I wonder if the lottery has better odds at this point
This is a paper trade I bet
This has to be a paper trade
Any of the non crazies want to speak about specifically the option portion of CGC with Acreage. Both options with LHS and APHA and the CGC seem to be very unwise with the total lack of momentum down south on legalization. I’m just trying to talk about anything else. How do Canadian companies begin to express or utilize their first mover advantage? Because I still feel like buying any Canadian company right now is a total misallocation of capital. It has 35 million people. They need to find a way to get to the US.
What company is making the vaccine? That’s the play
Go through Costco, if you don’t file a claim, you get an extra 2 years of protection. The credit card is also unbelievable. 4% gas, 2% on Costco cash back and an additional 2% through the executive membership, 3% on travel and dining
His videos on YouTube should be next to the Declaration of Independence
We need that guy who was doing TA on his own portfolio We’ve got a golden cross, time to buy calls
My Grandpa was insanely profitable towards his death on real estate. He continued to go to the bank and remortgaged all his homes. Guy never lost a cent on paper.
It’s my largest holding. I can tell you anything you want to know about the company.
Damn it’s over
I am not trying to be rude. But you just wrote 3 paragraphs and then said I'll pass it to my husband. You have the numbers of the various contacts in your home purchase. You have an agent, loan officer, lawyer, and title/escrow company. Please call them and ask for a status report. If you are confused by any of the words or reasonings, ask for an explanation. I don't understand. Was there no follow up in the conversation about the closing date? Did you just ask fast, slow, or average pace wise, get the answer fast, then hang up? Take 5 minutes per call and ask follow up questions. You will 100% save yourself time, not have to post on Reddit, and all your confusions should be made clear to you.
I’m sorry but you simply have no accountability. All you have to do is ask follow up questions to the parties involved. I cannot imagine writing a 1,000 word reply to the suggestion, follow up and ask targeted questions. You apparently do have the time between college and Reddit. What a waste of time.
Damn. Well we aren’t RH HQ or customer service, so probably start there man. I couldn’t care less.
Don’t know who this is directed at, but OP has not given one piece of direct information or a question she asked a person with a title.
You would be amazed how my people under 18 buy and sell weed. I’m not a historian, so do not quote me.
Based on active communities in your history, I’m going to assume you are not a better source than the reporters on the ground. Not every story can be covered and researched from a trailer in West Virginia
https://imgur.com/gallery/m5VEgsN “You have a better chance of turning me straight” - Tim Cook
Despite being a good person, why is Shea Patterson so bad?
I mean the management decisions led to the dilution. I don’t know how you separate that.
Man this comment did not sell me on bitcoin.
The attractiveness of the company is now it's worth 1 billion as opposed to 10 billion. The CEO is doing a real job of managing assets, and their value brand Daily something is selling well. I own no position in ACB and won't start one in 2020. I am watching the company though at a 1 Billion MC, but I still think they are going out of business. They will have to dilute FURTHER to bring on a CEO. It's just a horrible risk/return on your money for a long play. I don't see the Canadian market becoming large enough soon. I could see the States Act allowing an MSO to buy Aurora in 2022-24, but the sales are simply not strong enough without major fiscal tightening to change their grim picture.
This is the first article I have ever seen that has finally de-centralized the sector. WEED is worth 5 billion dollars with its market cap of the parent company STZ at 37B. There is no reality in the next 2 years with QoQ losses where that 5 billion dollar valuation turns into a 10 billion dollar valuation without hype. They are a financial plague. There are only 33 million people in Canada. People are buying Canopy like it's a growth stock, it's significantly overvalued to shocking levels. It will be researched in business schools in the future of how to not buy into a bubble. STZ is worth 172 a share and I would be crying at their growth as an STZ investor. It just seems like a horrible investment at this stage.
He would say that the statistics would prove that in this moronic lens, (moronic lens meaning that he would never buy into this larger notion of systemic racism or violence without hard data), that Black people are the most "racist" (if racist means violence towards race) towards Black people. Black on black crime is an overwhelming majority of violence of crimes if you look at it from a racial perspective. There are reasons for that and data should explain it, not Twitter. When you extrapolate this type of logic out, the citizens of Tijuana, all Mexicans mind you or mostly at least are so unbelievably racist towards Mexicans. They rape, murder, enslave and torture their city-state. Are these people "racists" towards Mexicans or simply just horrible criminals that deserve punishment? It's obviously the latter. He would never ignore that white people harbor racist views towards POC. But if you look at the larger data, it's an unfortunate incident that shows a trend. That trend doesn't encapsulate all crime in the United States or race versus race crime. Also, what the fuck does "Just Asking" mean? Are you a fucking moron that goes to a movie playing American History X and ask the people in the crowd if they are Nazis?
I’m sorry, but if you don’t understand the press release. Please don’t purchase an investment in the company. That’s just moronic.
It is not a joke. It’s a fact.
I’m not lost. I understand that. Most people don’t give out market caps. I’ve never seen it any of the security analysis I’ve read and I used to subscribe to Zacks.
MC can grow independent of share price. I have an MBA. I understand capital share structure in companies. I don’t give a fuck if you believe me. Stop responding if you are upset that I corrected something the way .001% of people use market cap.
This isn’t funny
Is this actually a SPY 100P? I don’t trust the information in front of me.
Not that there is anything to understand, but did you think THIS was enough info? My 3 year old could do this.
There is a 100 and a P. That’s all I got. I wonder what the actual odds of this printing versus the little lotto in Illinois.
Lol
So you don’t get the credit, then how do you close it if you are up? CDS?
That’s not true. The opportunity cost with depreciation must also be factored in.
That’s great. That isn’t enough to fuel multiple billion dollar businesses. It’s enough to fuel like 3-5 maybe, but not 20-30 like it is now.
I mean it’s an estimation
*America is on fire* I’m about to go to Costco. Hopefully I don’t burn on my way there.
Based on your post history, you don’t have the faintest idea when you would actually buy back in anyways.
Jeff Bezos saw this a mile away
Yea under construction, but saw it on Chicago suburbs Reddit or whatever
I have multiple successful trades posted in my history. Thanks though. Did you mean like sexually?
When it’s raining gold, reach for a bucket - Warren Buffett
Nobody stops this train - Sir Topham Hat of Sodor
We’ve moved on from COVID in this country. That was a Q1 thing.
HEXO is one of the worst companies I’ve ever seen in my short time investing. They aren’t growing, have raised capital through dilution 3 times in 9 months, taken on debt, and continue to fall behind operationally with gross margin, revenues, and every other ratio. That being said, yes calls is the only play.
You have to take your receipt to returns at the Gap.
Did you go during store hours?
Yea I will probably buy more if he is. He’s the smartest person in the entire industry.
Conservative
Yes it’s insane that people don’t realize that the former CEO of Whole Foods is on the board. He’s personal friends with Jeff Bezos. Their board is stacked
I live in Chicago, you got any collateral to ensure the loan?
It’s just old people that are dying
This is obviously so true. Vic absolutely knew what he was doing with these types of arrangements, it is not for me to say that he did anything criminal or intentionally misled investors. He may have LOVED the assets he purchased. But there was no way that Aphira and LHS were unbiased in their dealings. It's a shame on their side that it all blew up in their faces, but man the level con artistry that put forward publicly was frustrating. Vic's interview in Germany was so glad-handing. Aphria is going to define themselves in the next 6 months. It sure did man. Still though, I will never know, so it's harsh to throw stones. However, if he accepted the Altria deal, I would have been worth a quarter of a million, so in that vain, fuck off. Man that letter to New Brunswick Post or whatever about the medical benefits still bothers me.
You are in an ethical dilemma to choose death now for less death in the future.
It split multiple times, so again you are wrong.
Since 2010 the return is 927% alone.
Just buy moonshine/everclear. One drink, you’re done for.
Hasn’t he only been a top 12 QB in fantasy once in his career?
Disney is the only thing left that hasn’t mooned
Important enough to make a spreadsheet to crossreference racially
You just called the greatest bull in the history of the stock market, a gay bear. Guy literally bet hedge funds 10 million dollars that SPY will be back and only bet on SPY, no other investment. Christ and it has 3 upvotes.
Why don't you find the links, study the articles, report back, and then ask us questions? "Nah I will just post into the void, this will work way better"
Buying Apple
In the last two years.
They own 5% of the entire company, you fucking moron.
Upvoted.
Yep. It’s that outrageous. “No idea if your food is good, but are you black?” Suburban list of Asian restaurants with Asian owners will shock you.
When you reduce a person’s abilities to the color of their skin, you empower them. You’ve worked your whole life to go get good at your craft, but I’m here today for the color of your skin, not your abilities
Guy spends all his life developing a business, working his ass off to learn to cook, taking huge risks and spending time away from his family. OP - “I’m here for the color of your skin” The one thing he had no control over.
As I always say, group training under the gun with a coach that is evaluating you is the only way to train. This just accelerates solid training. Gary Neville in *Red* \- "It was a cold dark gym, if the ball got 3-5 inches more than our coach would like, we would get absolutely freaking hammered." Paraphrased of course. 10,000 touches is great, but without pressure its meaningless.
Yes then
Have you considered calling the companies that have listings directly? I can assure you I could schedule a listing in your city today by calling the listing agent on the rental.
Do you have any sources on that? Seems like an impossible thing to quantify as there is police presence I believe in every school in Illinois.
Pretty sure those are two separate topics. I am not disagreeing with your comment, just the original didn't really hold any substance.
I am saying, call the listing agent, ask for showing directly, then sign directly. I am not saying you don't need an agent to assist you in your search and pay that agent.
Damn, that is so manipulative. I guess I am wrong then.
I sold 1,000 shares yesterday of Aphria. Still 2,000 deep. But when a stock runs for 60% on an exchange switch, I'll take the risk. It appears with the data across the board from US and Canada, cannabis real markets are beginning to come to fruition with annualized revenues closer to the valuations with the exception of one in CGC. I firmly believe the election in the United States is going to be the match to the fire. The pure macroeconomics behind this run-up defy all logic and reality. If there is 5T more cash in the world, the dollar is worth less, unemployment, lower tourism, all consumer spending declines, multiple sectors with no financial grounding anymore. It's going to be an exciting second half. Please buy more Aphria weed up North guys.
He isn't claiming to get the work for free. He asked if it was a normal practice. I am sure you can challenge your brain to figure other solutions between Free ------ $600
When people call him a visionary and he’s been fired from every single executive job in his life and then does shit like this. He’s RAPING shareholders with this move. Good on you Bruce. Your career is completely over. Hope you can get a few more interviews in Canada before it fizzles out. “Here’s Bruce Linton, fired from Canopy and Vireo Health in the past 24 months, let’s hear his expert on the cannabis market”
I was also shocked by that. It will be felt in the next financials to be sure. Isn't he technically buying shares?
Yea I am just shocked. This Q reminds me of the lemonade stand problem for kids. When your parents give you $10 to set up the stand, and you made $8. You come back so excited you made $8 and you actually lost $-2. The company has lost $430 million dollars in a year on an EBITDA basis. Bravo.
Add it up
Imagine if he left. The job he took under was pretty intense navigating the mess Bruce left behind. I would imagine he feels that he deserved a raise and was in a great position to negotiate one. STZ would have had 3 CEOs in 18 months on their 5 billion dollar investment. Another black eye if they didn’t retain him. There was absolutely no operational success when Rob Sands authorized the purchase. I’m sure they could have bought the company 5 times over today. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/17/constellation-brands-ceo-rob-sands-will-step-down-in-march-wsj.html - No surprise this came “shortly” after the CGC acquisition
This is the same logic that gamblers use to justify their losses. We didn’t make a massive mistake because we’re so rich. Lol
You are basically going to a comedy show and getting offended at the jokes.
No idea how they get their info. Basically for that reason alone I respect it.
I think it’s the guy Doug Stamper in House of Cards goes to in West Virginia to write a smear article on a congressman. Doug Stamper was the greatest bull of his generation
Calling them underrated is a galaxy brain statement. Underrated in comparison to whom? Super bowl winning QBs? Okay yes that’s how it works
Comments like this are the answer to the question. You started with $20 and now have $30?
I googled, Amazon too and went on 2-3 main websites. All out stock... Is this like a cast iron futures or some stocks? Iron Ore futures - TSI I know this sounds fucking stupid, but it’s true. Find like 4 on the internet over 30 lbs, Nic Cage will be at your doorstep soon
Jamie Vardy but obviously I completely agree
Yea I agree.
I do auto claims for insurance. Check out for the total erroneous charges like pre and post scan. I feel like the labor rate is pretty solid.
So they won’t own the glass house?
“TGOD launched its first Cannabis 2.0 product at the end of March – TGOD Infuser 10mg THC – which quickly became one of the top selling SKUs within the beverage category across the country.” Lol
"we didn't know"
Still no greys for Coach K woman or man. Remarkable considering that I have some at 29 years old.
Well it’s been a fun day for regulators in Canada
What do you mean by that? You think companies that miss their financials, have to raise at 60% and have horrible gross margins in retail deserve praise?
They are waiting to surprise so they took the time, money on accountants and lawyers because they had dynamite financials? You miss filing deadlines because things aren’t going well and you can’t consolidate A/R.
Why do you think they have good numbers and they intentionally elected to not file a required document? This document directly tells the shareholders the companies financials. Why delay that?
Yes, and they fired a principal for it - [https://vtdigger.org/2020/06/14/windsor-principal-on-leave-after-black-lives-matter-comments-stir-controversy/](https://vtdigger.org/2020/06/14/windsor-principal-on-leave-after-black-lives-matter-comments-stir-controversy/)
The alumni list has black people on it? If the school changed, who cares about it roots?
When you say celebrate their past, what actionable change would you like organizations with muddy histories to do? "We have been around for 50 years, but don't celebrate because we were racist at one point" Sorry I am not going to stop shooting off fireworks on the 4th of July, because of slavery. It's a total false equivalency. I can be proud America made it so long and still want a better future. Your logic is basically saying all ex-cons that were guilty should never celebrate anything ever again. Wrong sub man.
I’m not going to research the hypocrisy of a high school in Orlando. The world has too much stuff to care about. I’m sure this school was hypocritical. All you can do is wake up tomorrow and try to make things better.
Lol
It’s the incorrect view. So that’s why it’s strange.
He’s such a moron.
Well not total cannabis sales. But revs
I know I know, but it’s always funny to see that this is a press release. Domino’s can get me a pizza in 30 minutes.
Ha no clue. He’s an idiot and loves CGC. I would pay $10 to him to post that he exited his Aphria position.
It should be required - OP
Cash bud, raise cash
They bought non performing assets which is a bleed on cash, requiring more debt and dilution
Okay. At least I had a reasoning, best of luck. 370 million in total liability
I am happy they are spending their finite resources on developing a product. With no market research at all, it's proven that this boondoggle will be the greatest boondoggle in history. For the 20% of pet owners that have dogs with "anxiety" this will greatly help top line revenues.
They aren't competing. They have no products. How hard must it be to augment a human product into an animal product? It's been YEARS.
Okay. I believe it with proof
Have you tried asking the people involved rather than wasting your time on Reddit? I’m sure they will have more information
This is what people don’t get. Netflix has one produc t
Triple commit whiff. Crazy.
This is what all naysayers say about everything. Literally nothing is lost by having ranked modes. If 2,000 people play snow day daily, 2,000 people are happy. How is that dead?
Okay
Kenilworth is top 10 richest areas in the world. I lived in Winnetka. Kenilworth is a square mile town with average income over 300K. It’s between Winnetka and Wilmette, next to New Trier.
Do you mean Cook? Lake county has some incredibly poor communities https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_highest-income_counties_in_the_United_States
Orlando studios is already open. I went last week. People literally have no clue what they are talking about. What approvals do they need? Donald Trump gonna come in and give the a-ok? Lol universal never closed basically
I own 45 shares and it’s a small cap darling for funds. It’s still going to come down, but options are NOT the play.
Universal studios is open you moron. I went.
Universal is already completely open
Universal is open already
Hope so. I won’t be selling. Cash flow and rev hits are directly due to COVID
I mean just look at it from their side. Why is my masters level student inventing titles for themselves? It’s not personal at all. That’s a real position at a college and you don’t have it
The two touchdowns against the Chargers are freaking hilarious. The fact that people spent an entire week preparing for the team and one touchdown he was untouched. It's remarkable. "Let's make sure Randy Moss is covered this week"
Anything to pay for the millionaire superintendents with 3% COLA raises in perpetuity. Sorry - public servants.
The company is bankrupt and their assets sold.
You aren’t worried that the company might suspend trading? Hahah “I’m not worried that the gun was fired. Tell me when the bullet actually hits me in the head.”
Eventually you will have to call your broker, but it will be a total loss yes and it will be on your taxes
Bud are you a bot? Checking your post history, you seem really lonely. I’m sorry. Are you okay? I’ll talk to you. PM me.
BoL
Bud, Amazon will AUTO reimburse you the moment you hit the button. They have the best customer service in the world.
Sorry, yea sometimes they will legit tell you keep the item.
Joke Me
Other QBs find a way
Gamblers should not use this strategy.
Yea I mean don’t argue with ACB bulls
*We are firing everyone in order to make a deadline or the company is in an impossible financial situation in the midst of a global pandemic* Larry bought this at $10. https://www.reddit.com/r/CANNABISfuturus/comments/d2x17r/aurora_cannabis_announces_financial_results_for/f007ts1?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x https://www.reddit.com/r/CANNABISfuturus/comments/dbnr12/october_2019_monthly_discussion/f36sepr?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x https://www.reddit.com/r/CANNABISfuturus/comments/blamwb/weekly_discussion_may_612th/emntu47?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x "You will wish you had bought ACB in 2019" "12 USD is a conservative bet" F - Down -87%
Haha yea hilarious content on that sub. Same links to everything here but only 7 people commenting
I would imagine they are gearing up for a sale.
Are they selling shares ATM
Lol they can’t even put out a quarterly report
It’s a federal requirement to literally count the chickens bro
It won’t be done tomorrow though. Thanks. Hasn’t it been 12 years?
Top dangles
I think this speaks to some of the trends that continue to happen in this sub. A person that hasn't played four years in college is not going to make an impact on a US Open club team let alone even make the team. This is the reality of life. I personally know people on the US Open Club teams in Wisconsin. They are filled with near All American D1 players from Wisconsin and GB/Milwaukee and top top European semi pro players. They are not high school soccer players. It's guys that are actively choosing to not play for a USL Division 3 team. Because they want a normal life style and can still ball.
When you look at the stock price in totality it’s kind of hilarious that in this sector we still get price targets. Vivian Aizer with a price target of $175 for TLRY is still one of the most hilarious screen grabs ever. I don’t care if ACB shoots up to 29 a share, but there is no mathematical reason for it to be worth 29 a share or 2.00-3.00 a share before the split. A company that is cutting costs at a ridiculous clip is not worth 2-3 billion dollars. It’s on the verge of going out of business. Cantor is trying to offload shares right now. But maybe ACB comes back and knocks it out of the park. It’s beyond my risk profile. I will be happy for anyone that makes money.
The best!
Haha they sold 55 million worth of product the last 3 months because they are the best. 200 million a year in revenues, sure 3 billion valuation... why not? They are the best
I own other companies. I would buy ACB if the math changes. I’m not a moron that just says the best and buys it.
Yes but if costs more to make the product than to sell, I won’t buy the company
I didn’t respond to him.
No. I’m saying, the Jets roster is not good. He coached them to 7-9. What more do you want? Playoffs? Which coach would make the playoffs last year in the AFC east? Russell Wilson player coach?
Okay I’m not smart enough to refute that. Most people on Reddit aren’t smart enough to make that claim.
It’s in the vein of stupidity. Chicago spends millions every year on black people through tax dollars. Can I have that back? Then I’ll pay for reparations. This logic makes no sense. The moment you look anything through a racial perspective. Black people are so damaging to society. They aren’t though. Citizens of America in low social economic situations struggle with getting out and turn to crime. That doesn’t personify all black people or group them together.
Should all Irish people get an IOU because they were treated like shit when they got off the boat? I’m Irish. I want them to all apologize at my grandfather’s grave. Man this is silly
I’m sure it’s the average market value of the securities. But I agree it’s strange math. How upset are you that own Aphria again? Just beating yourself like the guy from the Da Vinci code https://www.reddit.com/r/weedstocks/comments/hf9uy6/dosist_dumps_aphria_for_auxley/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf Look at the title Matts linked that got picked up by the mods. Guy is LOST. “What does your son do?... Oh well, he sits on Reddit hating on a cannabis producer in Ontario.” “Oh well that’s great, whatever makes him happy” EDIT - The other sub is claiming all the comments here are painting this is as a positive. https://www.reddit.com/r/CANNABISfuturus/comments/hfn6v5/aphria_inc_announces_settlement_of_claim/fvyibh6?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x Absolute joke of a sub-reddit.
They absolutely viewed the deal in a positive light. There was no indication that health Canada was going to take a full year to get grow space up and running and the subsequent production issues at DD. At the time, if all three were operational, offloading wholesale in a guaranteed way would have been a smart move. The former executive team was wrong and they were wrong about a lot of things. Please send over your CV so I can judge your business acumen.
Ha then why not just accept cash? It’s so funny how you twist it.
But do you know? I’ll just continue to comment back until you admit you have no clue
That's a good point. I was considering buying calls. I will hold off.
Please link the spin when it happens.
I hope you make money.
Ha this coach tell goalies too just in case?
Lol this was over 2 years ago
Well there you have it.
Today's theme - new team makes up for amateurs of old. CGC re-doing Acreage and Aphria getting out of the Emblem deal. Not getting out, being punished for the stupidity of old.\* I don't want to spin everything like our moronic friend Matts.
You apparently, OP is the moron who can’t pick up on satire
I’ll read that article dropped today and follow up with some Qs!
I’ve helped others before. What club and location?
As the old joke goes, at work
Agreed but their current position in the table paints a picture like they are utter failures. They are 4 points off top 6
Agreed. We’re shit
Not supportive enough, classic Gase - Reddit
Read between the lines man. Open your eyes. He hates Adams
I mean its just the development and coaching expertise. [https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-carter-50b9397/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-carter-50b9397/) That is the director of Minnesota's academy. Steven Gerrard was coaching Liverpool's U17s in 2016. There is nothing about that guy's resume that speaks about player development. I am sure he is a top top coach, but there is simply nothing about his background that screams brings up professionals at 18. The 18 year olds in the NBA and alike, one, a million don't make it consistently. The sport is more focused on athleticism. If you aren't over 6'4 you have like a 90% less chance of making the league. Additionally, there is a massive network of great developmental coaches with proven track records working with pros.
Career 30-34 win loss. 887. Hue Jackson 888. Adam Gase
You went to Maggiano’s rather than making food at home! Hahah okay Gandhi
No it’s the fact that going to Maggiano’s is not a priority ever. Don’t go if you are going to record people
They are both wrong
I responded. I’m not going to get killed with karma because people can’t have an educated convo
Chinese Americans are the bed rock of individualism and hard work. They preach strong family values and take care of their children. The virus came from China. I don’t care if that offends you. You being offended doesn’t make the action wrong
I went to a Chinese restaurant to support local business and I find this funny. I didn’t make it racist gestures at them. So many dangerous viruses come from China #racism
There aren’t that many recreational dispensaries because of city ordinances. Such a shame. I bought in Wrigley at Cresco because of it
I mean regardless of all preventive measures which are absolutely necessary and justified. We can’t stay in our homes forever, the economic system would collapse for our population. We can’t have 50 million people using government dollars to pay bills. The dollar would worthless in 5 years. Unfortunately there is no reality where the American citizens can’t go back to work. Some people legit have to work to live. You’ll always see people in the comments saying “I’m staying at home. I won’t risk it.” People that work 50 hours at an Amazon fulfillment center are in a lose-win situation. What do you want from them? Take unemployment for 2 years hoping for a vaccine?
Agreed. I’m fine with that.
Why would dilution signify a move?
Do you believe it’s going to announce a new partnership with an operator? Cash to pay for the leases? I just don’t understand how stock holders losing value on their investment is a bullish indicator
Groups that focus on nuclear families, keeping your head down, working hard, and shutting the fuck up
Are you directly quoting Bert Cooper? Crazy guy! https://youtu.be/x_OMFOydQO4 31:15
It’s the one thing the owner had no control over
Insurance and claims
