&gt;there is evidence that immigrants use less welfare than native-born citizens, likely resulting in less tax burden. Source That Cato study is flawed and I'm tired of debunking it as it is the only study ever cited that comes to that conclusion. Literally just going to go with the [first google result](https://www.nationalreview.com/corner/immigrant-welfare-study-cato-alex-nowrasteh-robert-orr/) among dozens that provides a cursory refute of even the most basic premises of it. CATO is about as biased in one direction as [FAIR](https://fairus.org/issue/publications-resources/fiscal-burden-illegal-immigration-united-states-taxpayers) is in the other. Like most things, the truth is probably [somewhere in the middle](https://cis.org/Report/Cost-Welfare-Use-Immigrant-and-Native-Households) with the cost of illegal immigration and legal immigration being a non-zero amount with significant costs in one area and benefits in another. Most studies put the cost of illegal AND legal immigration at a net cost to the taxpayer rather than a net benefit. NO one is denying that immigration has massive benefits (well, besides alt-right idiots I guess), but many libertarians act like there is absolutely zero costs associated with it and that under the current system it wouldn't be a massive redistribution of wealth. &gt;I must point out that the state could deny welfare to immigrants until they meet a certain threshold of taxes paid. I'm sure there are many possible solutions for that. A measure that I'd fully support (for ALL citizens actually, this is basically how some of the welfare systems already work and how all welfare systems should work until they are properly dismantled), too bad almost no one proposes this and when you do you get the REEEing cries of leftists who claims this makes them second class citizens despite this being something that illegal immigration already directly does to them (which is why I don't support libertarians that believe just giving a wink and a nod to illegal immigration is an actual solution. Anyone who comes here should have a pathway to full citizenship and the benefits that come with it provided they are willing to contribute to the systems that be). I'd fully support this as one means of many that would allow us to massively increase our legal immigration rates in the short term which would by extension massively alleviate the illegal immigration problem. Of the solutions/issues you've raised, this is the only one that comes close to actually addressing part of the problem. &gt;The government could cut spending elsewhere, like getting rid of much of the bureaucracy related to enforcing immigration restrictions. Or it could keep piling on debt, of which an insignificant amount would be immigrant benefits. Literally neither of these are actual solutions. The first of which is something I already somewhat proposed in my other comment chain by massively reducing processing times for legal immigrants. It's something that would happen naturally with proper immigration reform. The second of which is a complete joke that I find laughable that anyone who would call themselves libertarian would even suggest. This is basically the same argument lulbertarians use to support UBI. "Just keep piling on the debt" is not a solution under any political banner, much less a libertarian one. &gt;It also doesn't take into account possible economic growth or lower costs due to labor supply. Literally any tax cost/benefit analysis does take this into account by nature of how those taxes that would be paid are generated. Not to mention these things often equal out as the increase in labor supply is also appropriately matched by an increase in demand to support the new population. This new population doesn't live in a vacuum where they only produce and don't consume, quite the opposite since many come here seeking greater opportunity with nothing more than the clothes on their back. &gt; is the worst of the bunch, though. It requires you to think that your extra tax burden is more important than the liberty of the immigrants, and that your increase in taxes is more important than my loss of association to those immigrants. This is such a baseless appeal to emotion it's laughable. You might as well have screamed a battle cry of "THE GREATER GOOD" while you said it. You don't have the right to rob from others to pay for your association with whomever you please. I know this is becoming a stranger and stranger concept to nu-libertarians, but TAXATION IS IN FACT THEFT. No one has the right to come here if it comes at the expense of others. It's basically the exact same boring appeal to emotion of "It requires you to think that your extra tax burden is more important than the health of poor people" that the universal healthcare camp uses. You are more than freely able to associate with illegal immigrants under the current system if you so choose. The problem is the system forces them into this glorified caste of second class citizens as illegal immigrants without ever offering them a pathway to actual citizenship and to property contribute to the system (without committing identity theft, which is an entirely different tangent outside of the scope of this discussion but is noteworthy as one of the many issues illegal immigration brings). That is an injustice to everyone involved: to you, to me, to the immigrants, and to the taxpayer. A wink and a nod system like this is NOT libertarian.
&gt;The state doesn't rightly own the property within its borders. Actually, it does. Those lands were originally seized by military force and they could eminent domain your ass off of your property at any second if they so pleased, as they have done to numerous others. You may not like that, you may think that I do that it is completely unjust and work to make changes towards the system, but that is 100% how the system currently is. &gt;The state's control over the geographic area is illegitimate, a person's control of their house can be perfectly legitimate. In your specific world view. In the eyes of literally every single nation on earth you would be mistaken and they are two sides of the same coin. I can assure you that in every single nation you could possibly conceive of going to on this planet the state's claim to your property will supersede yours when push comes to shove and they have to build the roads (because who else will amirite? /S). That is the unfortunate reality we live in until seasteading takes off. &gt;You may think this is totally obvious or proven, but it's really only an assertion. Prove it. [This is literally basic libertarianism 101](https://openborders.info/friedman-immigration-welfare-state/) or is Milton Friedman also not libertarian these days (it's so hard to keep up), excommunicated so we can worship at the altar of GaJo? You cannot pay out welfare benefits to every single person that comes here. This is as basic as economics can get. Here's an objective fact for you: Literally over half of the entire WORLD'S population lives on less than $2.50 a day. SNAPS alone pays out more than that each month for a single person, before you get into ANY of the other benefits available. 100% open borders with a guarantee of all of the benefits that already exist for the welfare state is a path to absolute bankruptcy in a very short amount of time, even before you get into [any money that would be sent back to those host nations](https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/15/world/immigrants-around-world-sent-445-billion-back-their-home-countries). The welfare state already massively hemorrhages money as it is even without that additional cost, one of many reasons libertarians support dismantling it. If any assertion needs to be proven, it's that somehow maintaining the welfare state and offering it to anyone who comes here wouldn't immediately bankrupt the system long before any of the benefits of immigration were realized.
&gt;"Rightly" was the important word there. The State is an illegitimate institution. I don't care what the nations of Earth think is legitimate. The State is not, and neither are their borders. Unfortunately for you, the nations of Earth don't really care what you think either. And between the two I'd place my bets on any one of them before you. &gt;He's certainly not an ancap. Nice shifting goalpost from libertarian to ancap. Regardless, assume you became the oh wise ruler of your own nation or the world and implemented Ancapistan overnight. How long do you honestly believe it would take your unworthy subjects to overthrow your ass and revert back to a nation state they were raised on and provided them economic security after you ran on a platform of "like I care if the state goes bankrupt and causes massive economic unrest destabilizing the world and costing the lives of millions of people"? My guess? Less than a week. You, like many other ancaps, seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding between "the world as you wish it to be" and "the world we actually live in" and what is necessary to make the latter closer to the former. I wish everyone in the world had eleventy quintillion dollars at today's value and there was no suffering. How will I achieve that? Fuck if I know but at least I have my principles right?? You don't think that's reasonably achievable? What are you some kind of statist!?? Allow me to provide you an example. Imagine I rolled up a fat blunt and went right up to a police officer in a state where it is still draconian levels of illegal, took a huge hit and blew it in his face. Do you think that my factually correct belief that marijuana laws are illegitimate would stop me from getting arrested even if I protested as such while I was being handcuffed and thrown into the back of his car? Fuck no. The world does not operate on the subjective whims of the idealistic. You have literally zero actionable plan to implement your ideals besides "fuck da government, what do I care if millions starve from economic collapse, at least I have muh principles". I can't imagine why that's not a winning platform. This is why ancaps have a harder time gaining traction than even libertarians, despite being closer to the correct answer of the two, at least in terms of end result. &gt;Open-borders people are not arguing for state action Literally yes you are. Unless you are advocating for the dissolution of the welfare state before that, you are directly advocating for a massive increase in the already existing state action to support it. &gt;You have the burden of proof. Maybe you've met it. I don't care, because I will hold the principled position regardless. Like I said, you lack any actual position or goals and think "muh principles" is all you need for someone to take your ideals seriously. You'll never gain any perspective because you are so far up your own ass thinking that you are right that you'll never actually examine viewpoints other than your own or find a path towards achieving your goals and encouraging others to follow you on that path. You might as well hang out with communists with that type of mindset because you'll both fall victim to the exact same types of "moral high ground" and low effort parroting fallacies rather than critically thinking about what it takes to achieve them. The real world does not give one singular shit about ideals and principles, it only cares about results and the path you take to achieve those results. Without that your ideals are less than worthless.
&gt;I'm not robbing anyone. The state is, and I fully support it's demise. Except you aren't because you are advocating implementing open borders without getting rid of the welfare state. Get rid of the welfare state and literally NO libertarian has a problem with open borders. You aren't proposing that though. &gt;You can't justify using state power to restrict the rights of citizens and immigrants alike just because it threatens to increase your taxes. Yes you can. The increased theft is demonstrably a greater aggression than denying those who don't come here through the legal process the benefits of citizenship. &gt;Yes. And just like taxes violate property rights, closed borders are, in fact, violations of freedom of association. So let's violate significantly more rights in the name of possibly not violating other rights rather than getting rid of the first violation which would immediately dissolve the second violation. Makes PERFECT sense. /S &gt;Sure, sometimes the State pays to resettle people. That's a bootlicker's way of putting it. And what happens when you don't agree to the price they pay to resettle you? &gt;your money isn't being given to immigrants when they cross the border, only after they cross is that a possibility. 110% semantics. "The money isn't going to them when they cross the border (except for you know, Europe) it's only after they cross the border that they are fully supported by the welfare state". Literally what difference does that make at all? &gt;Immigration restriction involves violating people's rights. Providing healthcare with tax money does not. Literally both of those involve violating people's rights. Your mask is starting to slip. &gt;That's like saying I'm more than freely able to use heroin if I choose to do so Well you are honestly. I hope you aren't one of those people that actually believes the war on drugs is in any way shape or form effective. Plenty of people use drugs daily for their entire lives and have few, if any, run ins with the law because they use responsibly. It's an apt comparison because it's every bit as effective as the war on immigration with some what, 11 million + illegal immigrants in the US currently? Yeah, we are really winning both of those wars. &gt;That's a problem with any system that restricts immigration. And what I'm proposing is a system that restricts immigration only to those who are unwilling or unable to work or to become citizens and pay into the system and/or have a significant criminal background record or outstanding warrants. That is still closed borders by your definition but infinitely more open than what the system currently is. It would require significantly less overhead and costs than the system we currently have. It would be a stepping stone to actual open borders. But that's not good enough as even an intermediary step because you are so steeped in idealism you have zero mind for actual practicality or how to achieve your goal. Just overnight Ancapistan or nothing. Can't imagine why that won't work out for you. &gt;You'll always get people who want to better their lives and who will break the law, if necessary, to do so. Well considering one of the only reason they'd be denied under my system is because they were already lawbreakers with outstanding warrants I mean..... &gt;How do you wish to solve that in your "reformed" immigration system? Build a wall? No, simple deportation back to their country of origin. Like our current system works except for instead of fighting against 11 million people who are already here, 10.8-10.9m+ of which would still be allowed to become citizens here under my system, they'd be fighting a significantly smaller portion of ACTUAL lawbreakers who's governments would take them back and charge them for their outstanding crimes. How's that compare to your system again? Oh right, complete economic collapse and let the government tax it's citizenry and devalue it's currency until it goes bankrupt, not as an unintended consequence, but as a desired outcome. Yeah, that's MUCH better. /S
I guess askreddit is just too right wing for reality.
&gt;I'll take whatever liberty I can get from the state. If that means I can get some freedom of association in exchange for &gt;&gt;SOMEONE ELSE'S&lt;&lt; tax money, I'm all for it. Yeah, I bet you are. I too enjoy having the opportunity to spend money that isn't mine to get what I want. &gt;It's not just denying them that liberty, it's also denying me the liberty to associate with them. I think that's much worse than the increased taxes, and the tax increase is certainly not "demonstrably" a greater transgression. You are literally trying to push a positive right by denying a negative right. That's absolutely a greater transgression. You are still just proving the point that you don't care which rights are trampled as long as the agenda that you prefer is enacted no matter the cost. &gt; I think that getting rid of welfare is a lot harder than just getting rid of open borders. Precisely. Which is exactly why libertarians who claim it can and will be done in the opposite order are deluding themselves. Especially when immigrants primarily vote in favor of expanding the welfare state rather than contracting it. &gt;It was just the shortest way of describing the many different situations where the state uses your stolen money to move people (voluntarily or not) from one place to another. I wonder if the irony of this statement is lost on you or not. &gt;I was going to say that the difference is that many (probably the majority) immigrants aren't net tax burdens. That's funny because not even the majority of citizens aren't net tax burdens, much less immigrants. Yet those who come here without any skills or assets and are widely advertised to fill the niche for unskilled labor that citizens aren't willing to do someone jump massively up in their tax bracket above over half of the people already here and contribute more than they use? Sorry if I have to seriously doubt that. &gt;So you're keeping people out who aren't actually causing any more taxes. So somehow immigrants magically don't use any tax funded services? Do they just hover over the roads? Does the tooth fairy pay for their emergency medical services and legal costs? Are the schools they attend funded by pixie dust? Or do they all just somehow live out in the wilderness completely separated from society. You'd have to clarify the metric by which millions of additional people in a country somehow don't cause ANY more taxes while not being allowed to contribute to the system. &gt;I meant in addition to the taxation. Let me clarify. It doesn't matter, both of those scenarios are denying negative rights in favor of positive rights. That's unlibertarian. &gt;That's a weird definition of "freely" you have there. You can apply that to literally anything the state does. Just because the state is bad at enforcing laws which would limit my freedom, does not mean I am "more than freely" able to exercise those freedoms. You are much more likely to be able to smoke weed all of your life or associate with and hire illegal immigrants to your hearts content without ever receiving any repercussion from the law when compared to not paying your taxes. 11,000,000 "undocumented citizens" live in the US. I'd say that's pretty fucking freely. Especially considering approximately 75% of illegal immigrants are guilty of identity theft (which has a huge economic impact). &gt;Are they a similar situation? Yes. But I'm not at all freely able to associate with illegal immigrants like I can with citizens or legal immigrants. And you believe your right to more freely associate (since are absolutely already freely able to associate with illegal immigrants under the current system, literally 1 in 30 people in the US is an illegal immigrant) somehow justifies you stealing even more money from others? &gt;How do you determine who is unwilling to work, unable to work, or not planning on becoming a citizen? Unable to work: Basic Physical/health checkup ([also to prevent diseases from spreading](https://cis.org/Arthur/Health-Screening-Yet-Another-Benefit-Keeping-Caravan-Tijuana)) Not planning to become a citizen: "Not interested in becoming a citizen? There's the door, bye. Oh, you are willing to become a citizen then? Here's a form to fill out and we'll get you situated with a SSN so you can start work right away, welcome to America." Unwilling to work: Temporary work visa while the above is filled out. Much like applying for welfare, if you don't apply due diligence in finding work during this period of time your citizenship application may be revoked. You don't have to actually land a job during that time, but you do need to apply and to accept any job that you get a call back from. It's really not that hard. Have you ever actually been through the welfare system? These systems are already in place and while not perfect, do function to some extent. &gt;How you answer those questions would determine whether I would consider this closed borders. To me, closed borders are ones with quotas or other extreme restrictions which severely limit the flow of immigrants. No/EXTREMELY lenient quotas. Although in certain scenarios I could see immigration from certain countries being limited (e.g. Trump/Obama Travel ban) depending on the circumstances. In those cases a more stringent process/background check than the above might be required (although as far as I understand the situation, those countries were banned precisely because accurately background checking anyone from those nations was essentially impossible combined with the political turmoil they are involved in). &gt;The criminal record / outstanding warrants thing I'm fine with, within reason. I certainly wouldn't classify just that as closed borders. Ah but you see, now we are getting to the heart of the matter. Many ancaps and libertarians would in fact consider this an extension of closed borders and an infringement of those people's freedom of movement. If you have checks for that in place, by definition you must have a border to enforce even that simple limitation. After that, the rest is merely a logical extension of basic checks to ensure those that come here aren't merely rent seeking. &gt;My definition of closed borders is a system which restricts the migration of the majority of people who want to migrate. I have a different name for allowing everyone through: "no borders". I really want the second one, but I'll compromise on the first if it means getting more freedom. This is more of a semantics problem then, language can absolutely be a tricky thing. By your definitions I support open borders, but I absolutely do not support no borders (at least for the far foreseeable future). I believe for either scenario though, the more that the welfare state can be reduced the more possible both of those systems are and the higher quality of immigrants that such systems would be. In both scenarios, reducing the welfare state by any possible metric would provide greater returns that merely opening the borders would. Opening the borders before addressing the welfare state is a very cart before the horse way of tackling the problem that almost certainly would lead to more problems than it solves and would inevitably lead to a backlash against open borders rather than promoting the positives of it.
Economists BAFFLED as food prices triple overnight.
We ban known trolls here? Thanks mods.
And your low effort, low critical thinking bullshit is better suited for /r/politics or chapotraphouse. Try actually reading my replies to the other more intelligent users that were actually able to have a discussion on the issue.
Oh look, gatkeeping mods who prefer to lean on their authority rather than attempting to have an intelligent discussion. How very unlibertarian of you. I know reading is hard for you but maybe try reading through my comment chain with /u/PitaJ through to the end and of you still think that somehow aligns in any way with the policy of dumbasses from T\_D or that it is in any way trolling maybe the problem is with you and your lack of reading comprehension. Apparently these days libertarian thinkers like Ron Paul, Murray Rothbard, and Milton Friedman are just T\_D trolls. God forbid you ever encounter actual trolls like /u/howcanyousleepatnite or /u/Icec0ld once they get bored of fucking with /r/libertarian. If you can't differentiate the nuance between actual discussion from a viewpoint you might disagree with and actual trolling, it makes me sad you are a mod of anything.
Which is exactly why the welfare state problem needs to be addressed before you can have truly 100% open borders. Rent seeking is a very real thing when over half of the world's population lives on less than you can get through food stamps alone monthly. Read through the discussion I had with /u/PitaJ and see if you still think I'm some T_D troll like the mod apparently does. "Closed border" libertarians are still VERY open borders, we just want it achieved in an economically responsible manner and in a way that won't cause significant economic and political backlash (because what good is open borders if the unwashed masses immediately revolt against it and demand even tighter immigration restrictions a la the current state of the republican party). We view it as a long term goal, not something that can just be achieved with a finger snap overnight. In the immediate short term I'd like to see our quotas expanded by a factor of 3 or 4, our wait times for legal immigration reduced from literal decades to a few weeks at most, and to allow anyone to come here who is willing an able to work, doesn't have a transmittable disease, and doesn't have a significant criminal background and/or outstanding warrants. That is EXTREMELY open borders compared to our current policy and would significantly reduce illegal immigration rates to the point that I believe it wouldn't even be on the radar. Despite all of that the welfare problem still needs to be addressed before it can go beyond that and achieve what can truly be considered fully open borders. Anyone who thinks the above outlined policy is in any way comparable to what the average T_D user believe our immigration policy should be has either clearly never met one or is so steeped in ideological purity that anyone who believes even slightly different than them is literally hitler. What "Closed border" libertarians are seeking (which as /u/PitaJ pointed out, is more aptly stated as "open border" libertarians, just not "no border" libertarians, which I think is a fairer distinction although I haven't seen it used that way until now) is the greatest possible reduction to violations of the NAP, and to achieve that you have to address both the problems with our current immigration system AND the welfare system, you can't just fix one half of it and act like the other doesn't exist. Taxation is in fact theft, no greater good is justifiable if it is only achievable at the cost of increased taxation and/or just adding it to the already massive deficit and praying for economic collapse. That is fundamentally incompatible with both libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism.
I've never watched B: the beginning so I'm just going off of the title Psycho-Pass Paranoia Agent Ergo Proxy To a lesser extent: Erased Death Note Detective Conan &amp;#x200B;
/r/libertarian is finally going to start banning obvious trolls that go against the policy of the subreddit? Took them long enough I guess. I wonder what percentage they would actually have to ban for that sub to be libertarian again.
Neither.
Enjoyed the discussion, you too.
Rap-tap-tap....
Sounds like a good band name.
Rule 2. This shit is ancient.
Not Safe For Worldoftanks
VI: Umaro (both) VII: Cait Sith (1) Yuffie (2) VIII: Quistis (1) Seifer (2) IX: Quina (1) Amarant (2) X: Kimarhi (both) XII: Penelo (both) Type 0: Deuce (both) XIII: Hope (both) XIII-2: Serah (or any of the monster summons I guess)XV: Prompto Overall: Cait Sith (1) Umaro (2)
\&gt;Radeon But we already have a fire type eeveelution.
" I don't like crystal shards. They're coarse and rough and irritating and they get everywhere."
Go to Jita and double my ISK.
Good graphics are temporary, good gameplay is eternal.
Windwaker has a great *aesthetic*, key difference and why the HD remaster noticably improves upon its graphics. Aesthetics also tend to age better than graphics alone (just look at how poorly twilight princess has aged despite being the newer of the two).
Grover Cleveland?
Vanille does it slightly better, and Sazh is a slightly better synergist (although it's debatable which of the two is better depending on what you are looking for in your synergist). He is arguably the best ravager though, but you also have Lightning, Snow, and Sazh to choose from on that front. One of the many strengths of XIII is all 6 of the characters have their roles they excel at with enough class type coverage to always be useful for at least one or two roles.
Both of them get Haste and Sazh's buffs last longer. Sazh also learns Vigilance which IMO is better than Veil. Sazh is easily the better synergist for offensive support and all around better for the entire early-mid game. Hope is slightly better for defense and only reaches that at the very end of the game.
FWIW I think war spending was just a BIT more necessary during WW2 than it is today. Also the healthcare table should be at least as fat as the war table.
I'm pretty disappointed at how many "ancaps" believe baby tattoos and piercings are any of the state's business. "Oh yeah, I'm an anarchist, but piercing babies ears? That's just too far, we need laws for that!"
&gt;I put it should be illegal because I would patronize voluntary courts that hand out rulings against parents that tattoo their toddlers. The farthest I'd be willing to go on this is to allow the parents to be sued in court for the cost of tattoo removal once the child turns 18. Ultimately until children reach the age of consent the parent is the one who makes decisions for them, many of which would otherwise be considered a violation of the NAP.
Neutral on the subject, absolutely don't believe it should be illegal though.
A) Tattoos decidedly aren't permanent in the modern era. Expensive to remove? Absolutely, but certainly not permanent. B) I think you also realize what an exaggeration it is to consider it 'harm' considering you felt it necessary to be put in quotes.
Schindler's List.
&gt;So who should be financially responsible for removal of the tattoo if the child grows up and decides they don't want it? The parents. I already stated this. &gt;Its only a 'harm' if they don't like the change and want it reversed, which is something the child might not be able to express until late I suppose the state should also be able to dictate which names parents are allowed to give their kids so they don't end up with names they might not like and be unable to express until later like Abcde or Le-a.
Appendix, wisdom teeth, webbing, etc. Under the fiduciary argument that everyone seems to be rolling with, literally anything that can be argued to provide \*any\* amount of benefit is well within the parent's rights to violate the kid's autonomy in the name of. Circumcision would most definitely fall into this camp. So you have to get into the argument of who makes the final decision on what is and isn't best for your child, you, or the state? How you answer this question is a pretty clear cut distinction of if you are a statist or not.
&gt;If we recognize that the parents are responsible for undoing the tattoo if the child comes to want it removed, perhaps we should make them pay for a tattoo removal bond NOW so that there is guaranteed to be money available for the child later. Seems like an extremely unnecessary amount of legal oversight. Tattoo removal isn't currently cheap compared to the frivolously cheap cost of getting one, but it's certainly cheap enough that there doesn't need be a legal mandate parents set aside x amount of money for a decade or longer just in case their child wants the tattoo removed when they come of age. Especially when it's a cost that has become and continues to become cheaper each passing year. It's entirely an issue that can easily be addressed in small claims court. &gt; If the parents don't have any justification for giving the child a tattoo, what gives them the right to do it? Who says that they don't have justification? What if it's a medical tattoo, a tattoo to cover up a scar or embarrassing skin condition, a tattoo the child wants, or matching parent/child tattoos with deep significance to the pair of them? Blanket "tattooing kids should be illegal" laws make all of those as equally criminal as tattooing a giant swastika made of dicks on your child's head. What gives the state or private courts the right to make that call of what is and isn't justified instead of the individual? Shouldn't the child have the ultimate say once they reach age of consent whether it's something that warrants legal action or restitution? &gt;And why shouldn't they be **made** to remove the tattoo NOW and wait until the child can give consent? Because that's literally none of the state's or any busybody private court's fucking business. If the tattoo causes harm by the very act of tattooing, then surely being forced by the state (or a private court) through the removal process which is also painful FOR A TATTOO THE CHILD MIGHT NOT MIND OR EVEN LIKES (As was the case in the three examples of children being tattooed that I could even find, again, this does not require specific legislation) isn't a real solution and only causes more harm, both financial and physical. If, on the other hand, you believe it causes harm by virtue of merely being an image or visual change imprinted on the body, I really don't know what to tell you because that's absurd if that is your definition of harm and goes right back to the dyeing your kids hair should also be illegal (it shouldn't) point. &gt;doesn't cause (to my knowledge) any permanent changes to their body Tattoos decidedly don't cause any permanent changes to the body. You acknowledge tattoo removal is a very real thing and it is a technology that continues to make great strides in both ease of removal and cost effectiveness (yet another reason that a fund being set aside for such a thing is unreasonable). &gt;A name is not forced upon a person. Names are decidedly forced upon children by the parents and the child is generally forced to bear them legally until they reach the age of consent. Should we force parents to also set aside a fund so there is guaranteed money available for a legal name change later in life too? &gt;I don't think we need to punish parents who call their kid "Abcde" even though literally everyone else call them "Larry." Nor do I think we need to punish parents who pierce their child's ears at a young age or allow their children to get tattoos, when if they don't like the tattoos they can easily be concealed until a later age at which point the above actions proposed could be taken in small claims court. Individual moral approval or disapproval shouldn't have any basis in law.
I'll add that to the laundry list of reason I never have voice chat enabled in warframe.
Yep, that's how we got through those back in the day, that and well timed rolls. \*waves walking cane at young whippersnappers\*
\&gt; Fixed a memory leak in the gear wheel that would degrade performance the more often you used it Thanks, this was making conservation in Vallis basically unplayable.
\&gt;"He takes a long step into the light as says "Yer a crimbo 'Arry"
So might makes right? Yeah, seems like a real improvement over the status quo.
Grinding for everyone at once is the most efficient way to go about it long term. Just grind stage 2 4/5ths of the time and 1st stage the other 1/5th and it will perfectly balance out to the amount of artifacts you need without ever touching final stage (which is inefficient as hell). Never use 4\*s for fusion fodder unless it's the remnants left over after an event for that character is over. Grinding for gil is the easy part. I usually just wait until a 2x event and use all of my excess cycle keys on that until I hit 9,999,999 which every time has lasted well into the next event. Should be even easier to stay stocked up on gil now with the 24hr cycle quests even without waiting for a 2x event.
Hell, most real life full production planes were produced more in Strangereal than in real life.
Damn, if only we had some sort of Bill of Rights that outlined all of the freedoms we have that you never will.
Poor Europoor brainlets can't even count to 1, much less 2 and beyond. Or maybe you are just incapable of reading it. Would you like me to try to find a version of the Bill of Rights translated into Arabic for you?
Is that why you deleted your previous responses you mouthbreathing mong?
\&gt; Amount of shards was pretty disappointing too \&gt; Maybe next time add a possible solution? Pretty sure the solution was implicit to anyone with the slightest amount of reading comprehension: Add more shards to the shop
This makes me sad that it's been 5+ years and there's still no Void Assassination mission. I just want a giant raid battle against the neural sentry while it turns the entire tower against us dammit.
Resource booster is useful for Vallis/Cetus rep farming/stockpiling and for getting 2x traces from fissures, effectively upping your plat per relic rate on good relics. Credit booster is always useful for index, especially with how many credits Fortuna/trading eats up. But yeah, Affinity booster is 100% useless once you hit max MR.
I always appreciate when people don't like XIII's battle system and fail to try to understand it during the entire "tutorial" section of the game (basically the entire first half) then get to a boss like Barthelandus or Proudclad and throw their hands up going "WTF this boss is bullshit why is my rav/rav/com + rav/med/com only mash auto-battle strategy not working". XIII requires FAR more tactics and planning than the haters give it credit for. You need to use all of the tools given to you, mastering offense AND defense, something the first half of the game beats you over the head repeatedly with during sections like Hope/Snow and Sazh/Vanille. And pro-tip, you will NEVER need 3 sentinels at once (not even for the post game content), you are just gimping your battle progress with such a paradigm. Take note that each class actually provides passive benefits to the entire party meaning one or two sentinels at most will be enough to keep your entire party alive while you actually support them with medics/synergists/saboteurs when shit hits the fan while still being able to quickly pivot back to your DPS/Debuff paradigms once the burst of damage is over. Barty 1 can be beat in as little as 3 minutes even without maxed out crystarium for that point in the game, Barty 2 can be dropped even faster.
Alternatively: just have support skill positions match the position of your own characters. E.g. if I have Cloud's cross slash and finishing touch swapped, any Cloud supports I use would mirror that position.
It is better to be fucked than to be loved t. Machiavelli probably
Bruh do you know what opportunity cost is? I can legit get one of those two pound bags of gummy life savers for the same price as like 8 of those small sticks of pez. Pez is absolutely overpriced relative to other similar candies. Pez is good, but it isn't so good that I'll turn down getting 3-4x the candy for the same price.
I had that same M-tech on the right lol.
Yeah, no. I went back and tried to replay the game 2 months ago for a challenge run to see if the bugs were any better and lost my Cyclops within 30m of building it thanks to a school of fish getting itself lodged inside of it which caused a repeated loud banging sound and blocked off the entire back half of it before randomly causing a bunch of physics damage all at once which immediately destroyed my cyclops. The whole "Water turns into air" glitch still exists to this day. Posts about the Neptune launching you far into the void are still completely routine on this sub. The PRAWN suit can and will routinely fall through the level floor whenever it feels like. The game will still lag severely when you look in a certain direction on many systems. And yes, pop-in and huge framerate spikes when transitioning between zones are still common (if not present on every single system) regardless of your build. I have experienced this personally on my own AMD FX-8320/GTX1050ti and my friend's i7/GTX1080. Both systems have SSDs. Neither of those can be considered potato systems. We are not talking about mere days after release either, these bugs still exist to this day and have been 100% untouched since launch. The game is still essentially unplayable without having the command console to break glass in case of emergency remedy these issues, and many a hardcore run have been lost to such bugs with zero way for the player to remedy a bug on the game's part. Given all of that, the absolute shitshow that is the console launch doesn't surprise me in the slightest. And I'm sure if those players don't continue raise a fuss about it until they are addressed those issues will continue to exist untouched until Below Zero is released and the devs will give a "tough shit, it's a limitation of the engine lol" to brush aside those game breaking issues.
Pretty sure there's a world of difference between a rallying cry of "freedom and a rallying cry of "free shit". The yellow vests are decidedly the latter.
I didn't know T4 crystals were going to be this limited, so I mostly regret Shantoto and Yda being at c58 when they should be at c51.
\&gt; If that was the case, there would be no speedruns of the game Speedruns that often specifically rely on how bugged the terrain mapping is (depending on category obviously). \&gt; no playthroughs on youtube or streamers playing it on twitch. Plenty of people play buggy messes of games. Maybe you've heard of this game called Skyrim? It's pretty popular. Doesn't mean it's not a buggy game. \&gt; prawn fell through the floor twice that i can remember No bugs here. \&gt; Also - you really think this sub represents the majority of people playing the game? Do you somehow believe that this sub isn't representative of the playerbase but your individual experience is? \&gt;last 2 paragraphs AKA "Gamebreaking bugs that happen 20% of the time are fine because the other 80% of the time the game works great" Yeah, that's not how game design works. Nor are performance issues even on multi-thousand dollar PC builds nearly a year after release acceptable.
&gt;So, Obviously for the categories that don't abuse this - what's your rebuttal there? Do you think those runs don't end to bugs either causing death, progress loss, or disqualifying from glitchless categories? Hell, look up subnautica hardcore run lost and see how many runs are lost due to bugs. It's often [quite a lot](https://steamcommunity.com/app/264710/discussions/3/1698294337783800579/) and I'd even argue you are more likely to lose a hardcore run to bugs than you are to actually dying legitimately. Users like you will just go "ya but use the console commands to fix these bugs as they happen", but console users don't even have that option, nor should that be expected as mandatory to play the game as intended. &gt;but something from an indie developer? A company basically unheard of before this? I don't think your argument stands. Plenty of indie games release in a far FAR less buggy state than Subnautica is still in, even a year after release. Being indie isn't an excuse in modern game development where many great games are indie and many AAA releases are complete trash. Also their previous release Natural Selection 2 also was notorious for gamebreaking bugs that were left unchecked long after being brought to the devs attention by the playerbase. &gt;I admitted to the prawn falling through - yet you cite that as evidence.... obviously - i ADMITTED IT. how dumb are you? It fell through for you twice within 60 hours. I highly doubt you spent the majority of that playtime in the prawn suit. How is citing the very evidence you even admit dumb? Subnautica is not nearly the flawless bug free game you are presenting it as, and every single issue I have presented have been documented numerous times by thousands and thousands of players.They aren't one off bugs or anything that can be attributed to "potato" computers, even high end machines still have plenty of issues with Subnautica. It should surprise no one that far less powerful consoles would be even more bug and performance issue prone. &gt;Now you're throwing out arbitrary numbers and claiming them as fact --- you have any kind of empirical evidence for this? Any kind of statistics at all? I don't - but then again i'm not the one making up numbers. I didn't claim those numbers as fact, I figured the flat 20/80 ratio might have been a tip off that it wasn't an exact figure but hey, I can see how that might have been difficult for you to infer. You are apparently claiming that game breaking bugs don't exist in the game despite encountering just one of many twice within 60 hours of play and despite the undeniable evidence of them in the console release. If you google subnautica vs subnautica bugs, 250k of the 5.8mil results about the game are about bugs. Almost 5% of all content alone on Subnautica is about it's bugs, not even the pop-in which is universally experienced regardless of your machine. I would argue that easily 20% of the posts on this subreddit are related to bugs. There is literally 0 argument to be made that Subnautica is not a buggy, poorly optimized game, that every single one those bugs I addressed don't exist when there is ample video evidence of users still routinely encountering them well after the full release, or that the developers have 0 intention of ever actually addressing them instead of just moving on to the standalone Below Zero which will almost certainly have the exact same issues that will be unresolved after release. How botched the console release is should surprise no one given the history of the game.
So glad they made you a mod.
Honestly I feel like the future weapon tokens and power stones should be combined 4 power stones for 1LB, 5 for a 15cp, 10 for a 35cp, 20 for an EX. That might be a bit much, but I'm also sure it would eliminate 99% of the gacha game complaints overnight.
It's still good, it's just not Steins;Gate good.
\&gt; ...whereas a prequel with Braska, Auron and Jecht wouldn't be the same thing again? We already know that whole story, there's no new ground to cover there. Crisis Core? Just because we know how it ends doesn't mean there isn't a good story to be told.
Jormungand
Defecation... I mean, defection. Same thing really.
This is not something that requires government intervention. Take home boxes exist for a reason. The responsibility of eating responsibly lies with the customer, not the restaurant nor the state. Most of the cost associated with eating out comes from the cost of food preparation and service, not the actual food itself. Any legislation that would attempt to shrink dish sizes or limit meals to 600 calories would end up with the customer paying 80-90% of the price for 50% of the food they currently get.
2x Ember, Volt, Equinox. Do you want 1-2 minute exterminate/capture fissures all the way up to Axi? Because that's how you get 1-2 minute fissures.
Considering I only got a smartphone 6 months ago, a 30 dollar one at that for doing courier services, and that this doesn't limit desktop computers? Absolutely, low difficulty I would do it for 5-10k.
GPS is basically a real life minimap.
Probably the same ideological bullshit that makes people defend the parents who put the child in that position in the first place. One doesn't normally die of dehydration and shock after a mere 8 hours in custody.
Even then, that "oppressor" did more to try to save that child's life than the parents did, despite it not being their responsibility. You can complain about the morality of borders all day, the state did what it could to try to save that child's life, going as far as to helivac the child to the nearest hospital as soon as symptoms occurred, but it was too late after \*several days\* without food OR water. Within the frame of a mere 8 hours it is quite likely that child would have died from malnutrition whether she was taken into custody or not. It really amazes me the mental gymnastics needed to hand wave the culpability of the parents for this.
Good for tac cruisers Debatable for arty/corvette Useless on everything else.
"This M&amp;M's not big enough for the both of us"
"PIKASUKEEEEE!!!!" "CHARUTOOOOOO!!!" &amp;#x200B;
The training arcs and leveling up are what make The Gamer unique though. If you want the rest of that stuff there are literally a million other webtoons and shonens for that.
\*Dork Sauls
I might as well, the inflation from 31.6 trillion dollars being created out of thin air isn't just going to disappear from my not taking the check out of principle. I'll invest all of it into toilet paper and powdered milk for bartering in the coming economic collapse.
Hydro Thunder is just that hard of a game honestly. I don't think I've ever beat the final tier of races with the Titanic ship, flooded New York, etc. All you can really do is master boost tech and make sure you know all the shortcuts and how to accomplish them without losing any speed.
Demi works on Diablos? I would have just figured hes immune to it.
Man, I have been fighting Diablos the hard way for decades now.
\&gt; Getting $55,000 for each of the caravan members, Ulloa said, might allow them to go back home and start a small business. Your mistake clearly was not going back and asking for 10% more after they laughed in your face and showed you the door the first time.
Yeah, a lot of racing games will usually pre-determine which AI is going to have the best AI and which are going to have the worst before the race even starts. It's usually much more noticeable when the game has distinct AI characters or crafts. I'd imagine in those scenarios that the "lead" AI was either knocked off course or pushed out of position at some point during the race bringing overall best time needed to complete the race significantly down. It's something that you can definitely factor into your strategy, but not really something you should incorporate into your tactics as often the opportunity cost of trying to knock the lead AI off course (unless the perfect opportunity arises, some maps will be better than others for this) will cost you more time than you will gain.
I wonder if that was a consideration made for the arcade version.
At least the planter's peanut man and ghostbusters ones are pretty funny.
Not sure which came first, I just know that there was/is an arcade version of it that has eaten many of my quarters over the years. Now I just play it on PC but if I had more money than common sense I would absolutely buy one of those machines purely for the nostalgia.
Thank you for your service.
Yep, that's Subnautica.
Hell, the very first terminal you access and get Shiva + Quetzalcoatl from even has an entry about it being a theorized effect of extensive GF usage.
Not a useless post and I love me some long posts. Thanks for compiling this.
Nope, that's entirely incorrect. Yuna was more than willing to sacrifice herself, but never her companions. Directly from the wiki: Refusing to sacrifice any of her friends, and knowing that the Final Aeon will in time become the new Sin, Yuna declares the Final Summoning is a false tradition to continue Spira's cycle of death. Resolving to save Spira without the falsity of Yevon's teachings, the party fells Yunalesca, ending the tradition of the Final Summoning. The direct quote from the game being: "I live for the people of Spira, and would have gladly died for them, but no more! The Final Summoning is a false tradition that should be thrown away." Yuna was fine with dying, she was fine with the Calm being temporary, she was absolutely NOT fine with the idea of having to sacrifice one of her companions to become Sin to achieve it.
He's there as the mascot and is there for moral support.
\&gt;screenrant Found the problem.
If Snatch bypassed brv cap she'd be amazing....but it doesn't.
Probably about the same time we get an actual spear.
A regular bullet from a regular gun probably wouldn't impart enough force to pierce any residual chakra cloak or chakra hardening either of them have going on at all times. And that's assuming that they wouldn't just react to the bullet fast enough to not even be hit. Now if you are asking whether they would die from a successful shot to the head that actually pierces? Yes, absolutely. They have died to less serious injuries.
You sold your friend to save 20 plat. You monster.
Spent 15-20m taking down the profit-taker in phase 4. My reward? A single Neo relic. Won't be touching phase 4 again for a long time.
Kohm is great on UE since it gets unlimited ammo, no falloff, no spread, etc. Basically every downside the Kohm has is negated by being used by Umbra's Spectre.
Hating on GMO is a meme. I will pick cheap GMO products over overpriced inefficiently grown OrGaNiC any day of the week. As far as Monsanto itself I have no strong opinion as they are a typical big business that draws controversy as most businesses of that size tend to do given enough time.
Well that kind of just proves jdkeith's point. It's a lot easier to have invite only/"closed borders" policy from the beginning than to try to deal with the problem after it's reached the point of being /r/Libertarian.
Oh they are bringing T4 in legendaries back? That should alleviate the problem. That's how it used to be and it was fantastic legendary bonus exp from consistent legendary games
\&gt; We intend to add new rewards for taking down the Profit Taker: Debt Tokens, Actual Profit ( \*\*aka a big stack of Credits\*\* ) Please no DE. I don't know how many times the playerbase has to say this but we do NOT want credit caches as bounty or rotation rewards!
What I mean is under the old system you could make a legendary fleet of only T4s and it would throw you into veteran games if there were no legendary games available (spoilers: there weren't). This allowed the legendary bonus to actually be used every once in a while and also ensured that there was a healthy pool of fleets to choose from for the occasional legendary fleet that did form up. They changed this around the time they got rid of maintenance and legendary has been a completely dead mode ever since, with the battle bonus there just to tempt players to sit in legendary queue for hours and never finding a game.
We should just pay the pregnant women to stand along the border arm in arm to make a wall. Bam, problem solved.
Forgive me for the faux pas but: Porque no los dos? As much as I would like the welfare state to disappear, I can't see it going anywhere anytime soon.
I'm 0/6 on EXs and completely broke, so I know that feel. At this point I've basically given up on them and I'm just going to go with the meme meta and save for Selphie/Cait Sith (even though I hate Cait Sith).
Yeah, a drought so bad the Aral Sea has never recovered. /S
FF1 is basically D&amp;D m8.
Walls aren't useless though, just ask ~~our greatest ally~~ Israel or look back at the efficacy of the Berlin wall. No one is claiming the wall is going to stop illegal immigration overnight, but assuming it will have absolutely no effect is an equally flawed assumption.
Lost River is a really good mid-game area for building up resources with the prawn drill arm. I think if you had to challenge yourself to live out of just one biome Lost River would probably be the easiest place to without running out of resources.
Bright blue glowy synth targets floating in the air routinely get accidentally nuked even with a 10x multiplier on their health. Do you really believe your thralls ever stood a chance?
1000 gold is like 100-150 pounds of dropped loot at most. That's like half of a quest haul.
Noel gets some decent character development in the end that makes up for his nature in the beginning. He and Snow actually have a lot in common as far as their story arcs go. It makes a lot of sense in universe that him and Snow don't get along. I'd say stick it out until the end and if you still don't like Serah and Noel it's fine, but it does kind of do the thing XIII does where the character are all initially unlikable until they actually get some development and you understand why they are the way they are. Also, if you think Noel is a KH reject, never play World of Final Fantasy.
Well he has visited you guys a few times.
Turkey attacking Rojava would be the best thing that could happen to it for socialists/communists. Will give them yet another scapegoat for why not real socialism failed again.
No, but it probably helps. I don't normally use (or even like) regular redeemer but I ended up taking it out for a spin for taking down the profit taker. It's good for popping the shield pylons he throws out too if you aren't ready to dismiss your archgun yet. Pretty much no matter how you build though you will never cover all 13 damage types so you might as well just build for half or so and use operator mode to cycle the rest.
I take Ember out on sorties routinely, maybe try working on your build. Sorry but your proposed rework isn't very good and would leave her without any place in the meta while eliminating the one thing she actually does well. It does far more harm to her than good. You know how no one uses her current passive where she gains energy from catching on fire? Your idea is to base the most important part of her kit around that useless mechanic by shooting fireballs at yourself rather than enemies repeatedly to keep her 4 from being useless. Literally nothing in your rework helps her "play normally in high level content". Her DPS is already fine for that level of enemy as you already can easily push up WoF to 25k dps while keeping enemies stunlocked and boosting you and your teammate's fire damage by 5-6x. The only thing she's lacking on is survivability and even that is negated by good use of 2 and 4. You want to fix Ember for high level play? It requires one thing that isn't a rework, it's a revert: Get rid of Fire Blast and bring back Overheat. Or just work Overheat's effects back in as part of either Accelerant or Fire Blast's effects (preferably Fire Blast, since there's basically no reason to use it otherwise).
So which of these are game changers for their characters (e.g. Noct's is basically mandatory) are which are merely OK boosts to their existing characters (e.g Terra)? I'm probably just going to save up for waifus/husbandos going forward anyway but I'm wondering if there are any meta defining EXs to keep an eye out for in the future of GL.
Would certainly make artifact fusing a lot easier.
I want a proper bladecannon like an Opticor strapped to a Galatine. The current gunblades are fun, but their range is so short and melee so weak they just don't feel worth using over a traditional melee most of the time. &amp;#x200B;
I think Tabloid's death is thematically fitting with his anarchist elements and considering the state of the world at the time of his death. It is pretty rare to see a game depict an anarchist in a more positive light like that. That being said, my biggest gripe with AC7 is the lack of a proper squad you could give commands to like in the old game. It could even be locked off for the first half of the game until Trigger is fully recognized as the squad leader. Give me a Trigger, Count, Tabloid, and Wiseman commendable squad with half of the squad being killed off by mission 20 and having you actually have to feel the difference in combat and in squad tone as the war erodes them could have been truly razgriz or Shamrock squad tier.
Party: Watch out Galuf, that enemy with 18k+ brv stored up is targeting you! Galuf: Then it is an even fight.
I bought his 35CP with weapon tokens when he first got awakened and have no regrets.
Slightly less terrifying title: Shark successfully trapped in Jello.
Still better than not being able to play the mode or having to boost because you can't find players to progress (a bannable offense).
No, DE just needs to make PvP playable even in cases where no one wants to play. If you could actually play against bots it would probably bring just enough players back to conclave that the majority of times you would not actually end up playing against bots.
Each cyst you donate to Helminth should give Nidus +1 starting stack. That's about the only thing that would make them not annoying.
Deconstructed memes are the best.
War on Terror checking in to see what's up.
["Why would you think any of this is a good idea?!"](https://youtu.be/xx-lyMShkwU?t=30)
Sounds like you and her were made for each other TBH.
Yeah, but that's because the supply of iron over gold is notably higher IRL. That wouldn't be the case with a transmute spell as in Tamriel. Demand would become a much more important determining factor in price between the two.
The Boy Who Nuked His Own Country Seven Times 7 horcruxes = 7 nukes. Coincidence? I think not.
I'll take a whack at it but I could be completely off base: Government workers get paid therefore they make a profit (I think that's the argument in this part). Government works by giving away power to acquire more power (because this is an exchange it must be capitalism?). Therefore, Government is capitalism because of that "profit", and because of government is slavery so it capitalism. So basically government = capitalism, government = slavery, therefore capitalism = slavery To further reduce it: MUH STATE CAPITALISM THO
That's..... surprisingly levelheaded and refreshing to hear from an anarchist.
No you see because government invented the internet therefore the government also owns all things computer related including crypto-currencies and all social media are public spaces. /S
Saving up for Rinoa and Vayne, but will have a hard time not pulling on Sephiroth, Lulu, and WoFF Chibis.
Call me a fucking statist but considering how much other inane shit govt wastes it's money on and how absolutely vital GPS is not only to the world economy but my own livelyhood I'm 100% willing to give the state a pass on this one, at least for the time being. Let's fry literally every other fish in the government bloat ocean and then we can talk about GPS expenditures.
Ya, I was thinking Tybalt could work.
If you are making less than minimum wage you aren't playing the courier app game right.
Climate commies: "We need to make drastic sweeping changes to address climate change" Me: "Sure, but let's focus on solutions are that shown to actually have some impact on CO2 and pollution levels. Would you like to help crowdfund algae blooms? Those things are absolute beasts at cleaning up CO2 and don't take up any valuable land or cost much to seed. You can also just personally plant a half dozens trees and call it a day with a carbon neutral footprint. Hell, you can even just stop staunchly opposing nuclear, AKA one of the cleanest energy sources known to man. Are you interested in funding any of those solutions today xir?" Climate Commies: "What? No! I'm not spending MY money on this shit, you are! We need to guillotine the rich while redistributing their wealth to the largest climate polluting countries. Also we need to outlaw meat, hot water heaters, and disposable packaging and return to an 18th century standard of living under a centralized world government! You don't think that's a proper solution? Why do you deny climate change you fucking bigot?!?!?" Me: 😒
Don't forget we also tried to house them before the city decided to impound and destroy those houses because the states what's best. Almost like there's a common, reoccurring trend here.
Hopefully whenever we get him as a fight at some point he'll reveals he only wears that getup as training weights and reveals a super buff Neffy interior.
Oh shit, I think I actually know what this idiot is referencing here. I'm like 90% sure he's talking about these [stupid fucking japanese egg sandwiches](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjhaOzWNfVA) that have been making the social media rounds. If that is the case then yeah, STOP FUCKING PAYING 10 TO 15 DOLLARS FOR LITERALLY **HALF** OF A SINGLE FUCKING EGG SANDWICH YOU ABSOLUTE FUCKING DUMBASSES if you realistically want to retire before 75. It is literally a fucking egg sandwich anyone but the physically disabled could make at home in about 5 minutes for 1/50th the price.
Good luck meeting the energy requirements or sufficiently breaking the laws of physics enough to acquire FTL. I love sci-fi as much as the next guy but I would bet my entire life savings against a dollar that we will achieve working communism long before the energy requirements of FTL, even if we do find a way to achieve it, becomes viable. And that is saying a hell of a lot.
Except there are plenty of things that travel faster than the speed of sound?
OP should have been given one free N pass to go as compensation to be made whole.
Yeet Cannon is the least shit of those names though. Not saying it's good, just less bad.
If your scrambled eggs have visible burn marks are all in one hunk you are making them wrong.
I'd be concerned but you probably think a spoon is a stabbing utensil.
Eggs can't be gay you dumb fuck they are asexual.
Cephalon T: "I pity the foo' who has to fight my demolysts"
Hookers and blow.
If that was the case then literally no one would invest in coal over superior, cheaper alternatives. Almost like you are ignoring other key factors. Also serious question: If you are an advocate for NOT using coal neither now nor in the future, then what the hell does it matter if coal is a "limited resource" in the sense that "if we keep using it at current rates and with current known reserves we MIGHT run out of it in 500 years or so"?
Reminder that literally everyone who cares about muh graphix has long since left both Nintendo consoles and the Pokemon series.
courier plebs: "We need more reghulatshuns in the courier market" Uber: "Say no more."
Well that's about as early game as you can get lvl 3 spheres anyway, it's not like you really need them before that point unless you are doing insane grinding.
\&gt;Reddit \&gt;Values free speech over anything [MFW](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b8/30/1b/b8301b8297bfe153ea23b5a1421e685d.jpg)
Well she did grow up to be Ultimecia so.....
You're a waste of resources too but society hasn't decided to get rid of you yet.
Lighten up buddy, it's a fuckin joke. Why don't you go junction yourself to Kitase's ass and forget this ever happened.
Nor are we coming for him personally, just suggesting it.
Because climate change alarmists that propose insane solutions like this aren't actually interested in the science of it nor actual solutions.
If you consider powerups skills he did pioneer most of the super saiyan forms at least.
Casinos aren't illegal, the problems caused by heroin are made worse by being illegal, and I have legit no idea wtf a confidence man is but I highly doubt they are illegal either. Keep licking that state boot and appealing to authority though.
&gt;You're missing the part where they are conditioning children to accept gambling as just entertainment. It's not just about the money. This is giving them leeway to condition children. Advertising has been selling shit to children for decades. Look at happy meals and all of the kids cartoons made in the 80's just to sell toys to impressionable kids. That hasn't been made illegal yet nor should it be. This is no different. The responsibility for teaching kids acceptable purchasing practices lies with the parents, not with the government. &gt;If you're conditioned from a young age to not know any better, that is on the government to step in. I wonder if you can appreciate the irony of such a statement. &gt;Drop rates are not made openly visible for all potential purchasers because it's not classified as gambling. I have NEVER played a gacha game that didn't openly promote its drop rates out of dozens of shitty F2P games. &gt;You are focusing on kidnapping being the point of this, when it isn't. That's literally the OP though which people in this thread are eating up. It speaks to the heart of the matter at how fundamentally people overreact to what is an ENTIRELY VOLUNTARY TRANSACTION BETWEEN CONSENTING ADULTS.
Remember when the jews came from all over the world to Germany seeking opportunities provided by being in concentration camps that they couldn't find in their home lands? Yeah, me neither.
I'd imagine they are referencing his campaign rhetoric in regards to HRC in which case it has been 2 years in and she's still free as a bird.
Hurr durr everyone who disagrees with me is a shill.
A) not even my meme B) not a false equivalency, nor is it a particularly new argument It's not so much coincidence as it is "this is a hot topic on the internet right now and contrary to what you might believe there are plenty of people who believe this side of the argument". But sure, keep believe there's a vast conspiracy of paid memers out there all conspiring to indoctrinate redditors with wrongthink because it's impossible that people would otherwise hold this opinion and regurgitate memes on reddit. As we all know every single meme on reddit is an original idea and 100% OC.
\&gt;Suggesting throwing people in prison for climate change denial is statism \&gt;Suggesting legislation throwing people in prison for being liars specifically drafted with the intention of targeting republicans is not statism and would have flagged the post for removal.
Uhh acktually due to labor theory of value me driving from point A to point b is literally worth exactly as much if not more than the CEO of GH who does LITERALLY nothing but sit in a chair all day getting paid. All of us should be earning 9 million a year since all of our labor is equally valuable. This is why we need REAL communism k thx. /S
&gt;Wrong analogy. The murderer violated the NAP, thus forfeiting any protection he had from it. You are completely dodging the question at the heart of it (that the protection of liberty is oft necessary to be backed by force if/when the aggressor refuses to back down and that this is the only way to achieve the least possible amount of violence/aggression) and I think you know it, but I'll humor you with another analogy. So I'm on my property right, sitting here, enjoying myself. I'm getting ready to feed my family a nice dinner I BBQ'd up on the grill. Some stranger walking down the street says "Hey can I have some of that?". I'm like "No sorry, I only have enough for my family". The person then says "Okay, well can I come hang out? Surely I can find something in your fridge to make for myself" to which I reply "No, I'm really not comfortable with that". "How can you deny me when you feed your family freely?" the vagrant asks, to which I reply "My family have all contributed into this meal and to my household and they all have my permission to be here, none of which apply to you." The person then proceeds to stroll onto my property and raid my fridge while ranting that any attempt to stop him would be an aggression. In what way is that not a violation of the NAP? In what way would I not be within my rights to remove them from my property, by force if necessary? And since I already know what your cop our retort to this will be rather than addressing the heart of the analogy: Yes, the US is in fact the property of the government until such time that anarchists get off their ass and actually militarily overthrow it as they should. Until that point in time they have every bit as much say as to who is allowed on their property as any other homeowner or sovereign nation. The US is not obligated to give citizenship and all of the welfare benefits that come with it to anyone who demands it. And yes, when told no and they violate those property rights anyway that is in fact a violation of the NAP plain and simple. &gt;Migrants simply crossed an imaginary line. They have not violated the NAP. An imaginary line currently under the domain of the government that they were specifically told not to cross under penalty of law. Seems pretty clear cut to me. &gt;Nor have people who wish to hire migrants in their businesses. Nor am I implying that this is a violation of the NAP. &gt;In the case of migration, all NAP violations are done by government, unlike in your murderer example. This is deliberately false unless you really have your head that far in the sand that you believe migrants can do no wrong and that it is impossible for them to have a prior criminal record. The rates of identity theft brought upon by illegal immigration proves this patently false though, to say nothing of other crime rates that are inevitable when you bring in an impoverished populace that cannot fully benefit from the welfare state nor legally allowed to pay into that come here with nothing but the clothes on their back. That's before you even get into the welfare problem, which yes, illegal immigrants absolutely do benefit from federal and state programs which is 100% a redistribution of wealth from those who pay into the system to those who do not (And yes, abolishing the welfare state would solve all of this overnight, but I've yet to see this actually be accomplished). The way open border proponents spin it, we might as well expel all citizens and bring in only illegal immigrants considering they are apparently woven from a higher moral fiber than mere citizens or legal immigrants. &gt;Try again with a logical argument this time. Here's a logical argument. Get rid of the fucking welfare state so the taxpayer is not infringed, overthrow the US government so that they have no just claim to the land, and we can have open borders all you want no contest. Until then illegal immigration is absolutely a violation of the NAP and an aggression against the taxpayer.
Ah yes, all those nuclear reactors built with absolutely zero government intervention or regulation. Pure capitalism.
Why don't we hypothesize about unicorns floating in space while we are at it. In the modern US it is literally impossible to starve to death unless you are doing something severely wrong or have some sort of serious illness. There is no justification for stealing to eat in the US considering how many readily available resources are accessible to those in need, both public and private. Therefore stealing still is not justified.
You are completely missing the point. And I did give you my answer for your scenario even though it is entirely unrealistic. If the circumstances are such that stealing food is necessary because neither private nor public institutions are available to provide such service, you either A) are a bad enough person that you have burned both public and private bridges with your previous wrongdoings, or B) You live somewhere where neither public nor private services such as those are available in which case you are almost certainly stealing from people who are only marginally better off than yourself and therefore will be significantly detrimentally impacted by your theft, therefore it is still immoral. I'm not sure what sort of answer you are looking for here other than blind agreement with your premise.
I feel bad for Seifer, I haven't seen a single one in co-ops yet.
Lmao, fire\_balls\_'s comment makes this both for calling these people out for being bitter and for the downvotes showing the hypocrisy. Talking about eating the rich? Upvotes all around! Joke about eating the poor? Hey you are taking it too far buddy.
Pretty sure they would have just glassed the planet had that happened.
Maybe if he was Safest Sephiroth he would have survived the encounter.
Anyone got that guitar Pixy reaction image?
I'm sorry that facts offend you much like they do the average commie. Acknowledging how the world is is not a statement about what you wish the world to be. It would be great if the above wasn't the case, but you are ignorant to reality if you believe that isn't how the current system is set up.
You are right. That makes TCGs even MORE equivalent to gambling since you can potentially get cards worth more than you paid for them and resell. Lootboxes don't meet that criteria. Even then, neither of them need to be regulated.
Keep on sucking that state boot because you are too weak of a person to have any modicum of self control without daddy government telling you what to do.
Thankfully your opinion means just as little as mine you authoritarian fuck. ☺️
Nice. I was looking at that banner and figured some people were definitely going to go in on it for Galuf.
Yeah, the crimson edge dispel is great. Also makes Cloud great for Ifrit farming between the def up dispel, the launches, and the paralyzes.
Call center IT.
That's actually a surprisingly apt analogy.
&lt;&lt;Go dance with the geese, mister!&gt;&gt;
Pretty sure I am the unluckiest person on Draw 1. Would love to hear of someone who had worse results than me though. 384 TICKETS, 70k Gems. All of my tickets and 2/3rds of my gems I managed to save up over the last months. F I V E fucking Cait Sith Ex's, Zero leading man EX's. Absolutely fucking livid. I hate Cait Sith and this game is just trolling me with him. Got the first Cait EX 12 tickets in and honestly should have just stopped their and given up on Balthier. After burning through my 384 tickets and getting jack shit but 3 Cait Sith Ex's for it was pissed enough to decide to go for the gems and ended up having to pity. Pretty pissed off and I think I'm going to take a break from the game for a bit, Should have taken my own advice I normally give when regarding pulls: If you are willing to pity on a banner, start with the gems, don't fuck around with tickets unless you really don't care or you need multiple things on the banner. As far as other weapons go: 22 FUJIN 15CPs. YES, TWENTY FUCKING TWO OF THEM. 5 Fujin 35 CPs 8 Cait Sith 15CPs 8 Cait Sith 35CPs 8 Balthier 15CPs 6 Balthier 35CPs And 9 Off banners as follow: Shadow 15CP, Penelo 15CP, Relm 15CP, 2x Selphie 15CP, Sabin 15CP, Kefka 15CP, OK 15CP, and Maria 15CP In total: [66 Goddamn power stones](https://imgur.com/a/wXTVQIb) plus the 8 I will get from selling off Balthier/Cait's former MLB'd 35CPs and 4 for Relm's for a total of 78 power stones. For my own sanity, can any of the mathematicians out there calculate exactly how unlucky I was to have not pulled a copy of Balthier's EX in 384 tickets and 15 multis? I'm assuming it's the realm of a sub 5% chance.
The worst part was at one point \~220 tickets in I got 3 Fujin 15cps within 3 tickets. It was about that time that the rage pulling really started to set in.
Highly disagree on your 2nd wave logic. Letting them buff up means at least 1-3 turns of reduced damage against them and the defensive buffs for Balthier should be 100% unneccesary as you should have the summon train going by that point anyway and won't be getting hit. If you start summoning on wave 2 the summon train will carry you the rest of the way, and there's no reason not to get that bonus brv damage out of it. The TTK is much faster to not let them get buffed and since Cait Sith is also a popular choice for this co-op it's not like there's any shortage of buffs going around anyway. The only real reason to steal those buffs is to get them off of the enemy, not to buff yourself. Also killing 1 on the third wave is also inefficient because it reduces the Brv damage AoE attacks will do effectively halfing your damage whenever you don't cap out. The buffs one would theoretically gain do not make up for that nor is damage reduction a legitimate reason as again, you shouldn't be taking damage at all by this point in the fight.
Buff slots are limited to 6 and between Balth and Cait you are already using up 5 slots. Drawing a defense debuff is 100% a loss, especially if it pushes off more relevant buffs from Cait. No win win about it. AoE is 100% relevant and that you don't realize how that affects damage leads me to believe you don't actually know what you are talking about and are theory crafting rather than talking from actual practice. 8 hits of 9k each (you will be capping 9999 anyway, but for argument's sake) is still better than 4 hits of 9999 with an attack buff, assuming you even get it.
Depends on your play style really. I tend to burn as many nodes as possible and always prefer purple sectors and avoid green ones so fuel is a very valuable resource for me. If you prefer the opposite then giving away fuel can be a great way to get a bit of extra rewards and you can just top back up next time you are at a store.
It is an ancap banner/flag with yellow/gold for economic prosperity and black for anarchy.
Imagine having to pay to use internet after already paying for internet service from your ISP. \-This post brought to you by the PCMR gang
Because he's better DPT than the other 5 boosted units by a long shot?
Maybe you should start your own company then and show them how it's done. The best talent will flow towards the company that pays them best, so it should be really easy for you to become the best publisher in the industry.
Go get a loan like every other startup company or maybe try working and saving up. If you actually have a solid business plan it's not impossible. But no you want a handout for nothing like every other useless socialist.
\&gt; Maybe loot boxes *should* be 18+ How are loot boxes bought? With a credit card. How old do you have to be to have a credit card? 18. If you are going to "blame" someone for letting kids near loot boxes look no further than the parents. The government should have nothing to do with it.
Cool moving goalposts but that is literally how EA got founded, but I wouldn't expect a socialist moron to understand basic economics or history. Epic also was literally started by a single person out of the founder's parent's house, more proof you have no idea what the fuck you are talking about. So way to prove the exact opposite of the point you are trying to make. If you honestly believe a 50k business loan as originally stated is impossible to get, it proves you cannot prove even basic value to lenders and that your ideas are worthless. But again, that isn't surprising of a socialist bernout.
Nice non response because a literal 5 second googling proves your entire premise wrong 2 for 2 and acknowledging that fact might actually force you to realize the only thing stopping you from starting your own company is your own complete lack of worth and perpetual victim mindset of blaming "capitalism" for your own failings.
Step 1: Think about how few fucks the average extrovert gives about what other people think about them and their faux pas. Notice how easily they get away with it and rarely if ever are called out on their shit and on the rare occasion they do get called out how easily they shrug it off and move on like nothing happened. Step 2: Give at most half as many fucks as that, the fewer the better. Just fake it, don't worry about making it. Making it isn't the goal here, you just need to be able to put up a passable functional facade when necessary. Don't bother overthinking the majority of completely meaningless and inconsequential interactions, you'll just stress yourself out for minimal if any gain. Most people either won't know or won't care enough to actually notice you are wearing a mask of a sociable personality as long as they are getting what they sought out of the interaction in the first place. Be polite and professional but never offer any openings for more socialization than you are interested in. Always stay on target: No followups, softballs, or open ended questions that could lead to off topic discussions. Once you get home you can safely take off the mask, hang it up on the coat rack, and settle in for a nice evening of introversion.
It's literally no different from adults buying children alcohol or even M rated games. No matter what legislation you are proposing it will be every bit as easily circumvented as the "you must be 18+ to continue" present on every porn site. There is literally nothing to be gained by government involvement in this beyond more overbearing government where it doesn't belong and more than likely a nice extra tax on loot boxes by our benevolent overlords, for our own safety and benefit of course.
YNTA, but anyone who DOESN'T want a sweet 100 foot tall robot as part of their scrapyard collection can't be that cool of a dude.
Generally speaking, despite the fact that everyone learns all 6 classes, you want to stick with the 3 they first learn as they tend to be much better at those 3 than the rest (although their are a few exceptions, I believe Sazh and Snow are pretty decent at one of their outlier roles IIRC). That being said you can do pretty much whatever you want unless you are minmaxing the late game, the main campaign of XIII is relatively easy if you aren't massively underleveled and are using all of the mechanics presented to you.
&gt;Yeah my old TV had same issue but I had no remote to fix it... I bought another TV Why not just buy a universal remote?
With DE selling UI skins for plat, I really wish they'd give us the option to bring back the classic UI. Was so much more functional and aesthetic than the current mess.
Which test did the government go through that gave it the right to own people?
Arty wagon is the #1 way I end up in situations like these in the first place.
One small donation could help Bernie buy his fourth summer home! Be part of this historic movement today!
You know the majority didn't vote for either of those idiots.... right?
\&gt; I have no idea what the heck FF10-2 class that Paine is supposed to be representing. S1 = Default Warrior's break skills S2 = Dark Knight's Black Sky EX = Full Throttle special dresssphere
He's a wizard, he has no time for wasting his mana on thots.
I'm mostly talking about when expanding the walls. If you aren't expanding I find arty to be mostly unnecessary as laser turrets tend do the job just fine and require far less logistics.If your defenses are good enough to withstand arty aggro then they are more often than not good enough to not need arty in the first place.
Atheists have no god to worship, so all that is left is to worship the state.
I mean yes that's what TASes are, not sure what you were expecting.
Now there's a religion I can get behind.
Identity theft is a violation of the NAP, especially when used to procure benefits from a system you didn't/don't pay into and to vote for an ever increasing expansion of the state. Open borders is simply not viable without the elimination of the welfare state first (and because I know at least one will chime in,, accelerationists can fuck off). That being said, with the elimination of said welfare state, there is simply no sufficiently well reasoned argument against open borders.
So because the state is illegitimate we should support policies that would demonstrably give an illegitimate state even more powerful and/or in the case of accelerationists try to dismantle it by means that would demonstrably ruin the lives of millions and significantly lower their standard of living of everyone else for the sake of ideology? Pretty poor logic there. Libertarian ideals are about improving the lives and freedom of everyone by reducing the oppression and denial of freedom and opportunity they endure from the state while promoting the values of free market competition being superior to state monopolies, not being an ideologue and blindly following ideals regardless of the real world consequences or results. At that point those libertarians would be no better than communists, blindly pushing their system and hand waiving away any failures with the ends justify the means and feels over reals purely because the idea of it sounds good on paper. The state is legitimate until enough people stop supporting it to overthrow it, replace it, or secede from it; All of which are historically viable methods of delegitimizing a state its populace disagrees with. So yeah, whether you agree with the state or not (I personally don't) it is still at least more legitimate than armchair political philosophy that isn't actually implemented. takes no action of its own to legitimize itself, and has no "nation" for lack of a better term to call it's own. The best libertarianism currently has going for it is Liberland or the Free State project while waiting for seasteading to become more financially viable for the everyman and for the state to fall apart on its own.
Why not just turn them to armor/power stones then sell them to replenish your gil supply?
Yeah, general priority order for tokens after all event limited rewards are claimed is is max out artifacts slots to -100 or so for future artifact farming fodder &gt; power/armor orbs up to 9999 &gt; gil to 10m-1 from selling said excess power/armor orbs &gt; crystals if you really really have too many tokens to go around up to cap, starting with the T3s and working your way down.
I'm not dodging jack shit, I literally just answered your question. I consider it FAR more fun than Adaro or ESO and it is only used for that exact function the same as those two nodes. Hell ESO isn't even that different in spirit besides being less challenging and not worth doing past 20m. Dunno why you are trying to phrase it as if that would make 100% of warframe as grinding that node if it still existed, focus/affinity grinding is a VERY small portion of the game (maybe 10% at best) and as far as rep is concerned you could max that out on a single rotation of it.
I feel like we played different versions of Lu Bu then, he was still the most OP character in the game besides the bow users. Maybe that changed in later sequels of the game.
Yeah, I started at 4 and ended at 7 so that's probably accurate.
Heh, that's where you are wrong kiddo, they read Das Kapital in college. Checkmate libertardians.
I actually just level up through regular play because I find all of those grind spots boring as hell, but whatever, slower more tedious grinds must mean it's better right?
[Bonus statist take on this legislation, courtesy of reddit.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/enyekl/soranews_japanese_politicians_want_to_set_daily/fe6oap3?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)
I just find it ironic because in literally game ever the government is corrupt, overbearing, and extremely inefficient or oppressive and yet you get gamers who are like "gee I wish we could have a government like that to protect us from ourselves".
Unless you are an independent contractor, in which case the government fucks you out of your money regardless of how much or how little you make. Also getting a refund each year doesn't mean you don't pay taxes, it just means more of your paycheck was withheld than you actually owed.
That's not how this works at all NEET. Getting a refund doesn't mean you get 100% of your withheld taxes back, merely the portion of it that was overpaid. It is essentially giving the government an interest free loan.
Left libertarianism is an oxymoron. You on the other hand are just a regular moron.
And yet when you return to dry dock none of your rewards are properly loaded in from the previous mission forcing you to leave dojo and then return to actually process it.
Yeah, the wreckage cap as it stands is way too low. For rivens, 90 is manageable because at most you are going to get a riven a day. With wreckage you can go from having 0 to hitting the cap of 30 in an hour or so with a good comp.
What a scam.
It's just a prank, glinty!
F A E B
Cloud and Lightning in unison: "Not interested" before awkwardly looking away from each other.
\*Three Strikes aggressively coming in for landing full afterburner\*
Water, air, fire.... Have we tried earth yet?
Getting so fucking tired of the "literally no one" meme template. It adds absolutely nothing to this besides ruining an otherwise serviceable gif.
Cactaur &gt; Choco &gt; Pupu &gt; Moombas &gt; Tonberry &gt; Moogle
I don't do outposts. I just expand the walls outward infinitely. It's actually not as bad as it sounds with a good blueprint, a lot of laser turrets, and eventually artillery wagons. Having all of the excess space is actually great for preventing pollution from reaching biters and thus reduces the strain that the walls have to defend against and slows their evolution.
Crossing is a basketball term AFAIK, granted I know all of jack shit about sportsball so I could be wrong.
Plenty of races/nationalities have had 6 million of their people killed off, but how many of them were able to get a free holy land nation out of the deal? Checkmate goyim.
Had one co-op recently where one person disconnected before their first turn and the other person was AFK the entire match. Gave that about 5 turns before I ended up just eating the bell loss on that one and disconnected. Decided to not host cosmos co-ops from that point on. Just too many leeches and bad players out there without any real method to counteract afkers and deliberate trolls. The system honestly is a bit unfair to hosts because at least as a guest you can just leave without losing your bell, as a host you have no choice but to just eat the loss or disconnect and go solo and lose 2/3rds of your rewards. Outside of your first run for score/mission reqs, there's basically no incentive to actually host that justifies the risk.
Globalization is good, Globalism is not. World of difference between the two concepts. An easy way to tell them apart is globalism ends in -ism much like communism/socialism from which it derives its principles.
It technically speeds up evolution, but it does slow down the rate at which nests will spawn biters since they use pollution as a "fuel" to produce more units. Biters that are far enough away from a pollution cloud are also much less likely to attack in the first place.
Honestly I don't think there is a single operator insult line that isn't deeply hypocritical in one way or another. The tenno basically embody the worst qualities of each faction.
Dunno why you got downvoted on this. It's a key distinction OP and many other in this thread are failing to acknowledge and "globalist" definitely refers to the former.
Well I'm sure there's no unbiased opinions on this sub, but in my experience GH drivers fall into one of two camps: chumps who take every 2 dollar order to stay "premier" status or entitled drivers who won't take an order unless it's a 15 dollar payout with a 10 dollar tip within 3 miles. Neither of those are ideal couriers for the customer looking to get their food delivered in a reasonable amount of time. As far as the actual aptitude of drivers in the field that I've met I can't say there's any significant difference between the two, GH providing free bags does not make the drivers any more competent or professional than the competition.
You could always try lowering the integrity to flood it and try repairing it again. The subnautica version of "have you tried turning it off and on again?"
It's definitely a market based thing which service is best in your region. In my area GH doesn't even operate during the peak hours for making money so it's more like UE &gt; Waitr &gt; GH &gt;&gt; DD &gt;&gt;&gt; PM.
That's kinda my point though. The way GH's pay model is structured simply isn't conductive to the customer getting their order on time the majority of the time, regardless of the quality of their drivers.
I'm simply SHOCKED that reddit found a way to exploit tragedy for profit. /s
Nah, you've just never played a Final Fantasy.
He's clearly talking about the aesthetic and color palette, not the tone of the "story". And he's right. The games have been much brighter and more colorful post DMC3.
\&gt; nobody wants to see someone grind for a hundred chapter straight That's where you are completely wrong. You want timeskip power ups? Go watch LITERALLY any other shonen. There is absolutely no shortage of that. That The Gamer doesn't do this is something unique to it and that many of its readers enjoy.
So not socialist then?
AC5 and 6 really got wingmen right. Really was a shame to see AC7 take a step backwards from that. It was understandable while you were in the penal unit but once you transferred over to Strider squadron they should have been brought back with increased mission scope to compensate.
10 is literally [glorified spyware](https://www.gnu.org/proprietary/malware-microsoft.html) that actively monitors and removes software that isn't approved. Might as well switch to Apple if you are fine with that type of behavior. At least they are transparent about fucking you in the ass and charging you for the privilege.
Interesting, seems like there's still a bit of telemetry code left in it but certainly a lot less and much more manageable than the default package. I know 7 officially ended support a few days ago but I imagine it still will have a couple years in it left similar to how XP was. Will definitely consider this for when W7 reaches the end of its natural lifespan though.
That's literally what you are asking for in the OP.
Machiavelli's The Prince
Lol, I bought one of these as a teen for 30 bucks from a gas station. Bold of this person to assume that it has appreciated in value 50% over the years like some sort of collectors item.
10m gil comes and goes like nothing in this game. They honestly should raise the cap to 100m.
Whataburger is still leagues above their competition at least. Wendy's would probably just throw him in the chili and call it a day.
I love the game but chaos simply isn't fun even with comps that can clear it. I usually don't end up doing it until the very last day of the event and even then I just follow someone else's guide assuming i have the characters for it. The defense levels are simply too over-tuned and going from 9999 damage hits at the beginning of the fight to 1hp ones at the end of it is just stupid. Cosmos is slightly too easy, but I wouldn't be mad at all if that was the highest difficulty in the game. I think the main thing that makes chaos unfun is the fact that a fair bit of power is locked behind it. It's not like it's only tickets or some orbs for beating it, you need to at least clear it to even keep up with the current power era, which for many involves spending gems just to clear fights to get a pitiful amount of ingot mats (which the shortage of ingots is another big issue, but that's a rant for another post, the tl;dr being it's not fun to have a bunch of EXs you can barely use because no ingots). It feels like you have to do it which makes it even less fun. I haven't even done a single stage of entropy yet, but at least it isn't time limited so I have far less of a problem with it than I do than the once to twice weekly time limited chaos difficulty stages.
Yeah, I feel like this is a big point people undersell about what makes Chaos pretty unbearable: If the turn order is fucked by beginning of wave RNG you can basically kiss the run goodbye. It can easily cost you 3-5 turns depending on how unlucky you get for something that is entirely out of your control outside of repeatedly resetting the app which is certainly tedious and I don't think anyone finds that to be enjoyable.
Man, that is some great butthurt right there.
/r/trashy
Everyone dies alone, some people are just more comfortable with that fact than others.
Peacemaker 1.0
That entire thread: "I can't believe the government is lying to us, we need to give government even more power to solve the problem!"
Yes because the brit's empire certainly wasn't obtained through conquest and theft and it's all big bad America's fault they lost it. You are a sad delusional little britbong.
Wish I was joking.
That's literally the premise of the OP and the most upvoted comment. From the OP: " It's a nice thing to do but it's **ultimately harmful.... If people around the world are paying money to help then the people responsible don't have to help which is what they want.** " " So why should YOU pay for it? We're rich, we already paid trillions in taxes. **If you do they'll rely on you to do the same next time instead of funding our fire services**. " And from some of the comments "clarifying" the OP's position: " Op is saying that the outside help is enabling the government to continue to be negligent. " " That's what they're counting on... That the people's ignorance will bail out they're negligence if they show you pictures over a sad song, and imply that the "right" thing for you to do is pay for it. " " **Charities should never be in place of taxes to pay for the good of any society.** "
35 tix for emperor EX, no 35cp in 100 tickets. Sadly looks like Emp will be sitting on the bench for a while since I only have 11 weapon tokens, but at least I got the EX I guess. No big deal really though because I already have Ace and Ulti 3/3 so I didn't REALLY need another magic DPT anyway.
Bold of you to assume there would be food left over 5 years after Bernie won.
[What.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-v1TTUyhM)
Yeah, why can't America just throw its political enemies out of 11th story windows and claim it's suicide like a civilized society does, SMH! /S
Hell, I just finished up all 4 summon boards 100% and I still have more armor ingots and books than I can even use. There's definitely a severe shortage of armor tokens compared to how expensive 2nd rank 5\* armor is to MLB.
That's my point though: Even having played since April 2018 and 100% all of the boards I don't even have enough to max out he EX+s, much less those with EX. Enough for my fully MLB'd EX+s sure (mostly because ingots are also absurdly limited), but that's about it.
Lol I don't think Biden has the right to call anyone else a creep.
Not sure what numbers you are looking at but 0/3 MLBs 90cps on EX/EX+ alone is more than enough to limit your armor tokens left over to MLB 90cps on fully MLB'd EX+ characters. There aren't nearly as many armor tokens out there as you seem to claim. Many people have 40-60 EXs at this point in the game and there simply aren't enough armor tokens to support that. Nevermind the fact that That's before you even get into the fact that ~20 characters SEVEN months in to the Chaos era simply isn't fun and part of the reason why many aren't finding the Chaos era to be enjoyable. No one wants to be shoehorned into a meta of only playing with the most meta characters (a problem the early 35CP litiko era had), we play a game like this to play with favorites and actually be able to use a wide variety of characters (Something that Cosmos era actually did do well). If I wanted to be stuck playing with a single digit number of characters I'd just go play a mainline FF.
Again you are missing the point: 24 isn't much of anything considering it would have to be at the neglect of the other 90+ characters in the game. Having to pick 24 characters to give armor to while neglecting the rest isn't good game design for a game like this. That also assume that you never used any armor tokens for the entire year and a half before the EX+ era saving all of them for this era which isn't a reasonable expectation. The meta focus and severe resource limitation of this era ISN'T fun. If you pull a character's entire kit, you should be able to use it without being timegated by a resource that you won't freely have until that character isn't usable again. Like you said even for your Vaan you can't afford the armor upgrades and you are consolidating your armor tokens to specific picks far more than the general player will. It's just bad design/poor resource balance and it simply isn't defensible by "ration your resources better". It is quickly approaching the point where people will stop pulling for new EXs and just wait until the LD/Burst era purely because there's no point because there won't be the ingots/tokens/books to actually utilize them so why bother. And that's for F2P players, which is to say that it will hurt their bottom line even more for whales that have no incentive to actually spend on gems.
For some reason Wheel of Transition never reached the same levels of popularity as Wheel of Fortune.
Let me ask you this. If the amount of armor tokens in the game was DOUBLED overnight, would it break the game's balance in any way, shape, or form? If you answer anything but no you are deluding yourself on the ability of those armors to carry otherwise unusable characters. It literally would be nothing more than a QoL change that at best would only increase the roster of usable characters for characters that have a wider roster of geared/crystaled characters and serve to increase sales to whales and to those that don't. As a followup, if they were half as available as they are right now would you still believe that players should just ration their resources and that it is a reasonable amount? I highly doubt it. There is no reasonable argument for them being as limited as they are right now. &gt;I feel like a part of the issue is that you're treating this like it's a regular game when it's a mobile game. "It's a mobile game" shouldn't be an excuse for poor balancing choices, especially one that does nothing but hamper incentives to actually spend more. &gt;It is unlikely that you're going to be able to gear all of the characters you like, with a roster of about 133 and counting, without having to actually plan things out. You can get pretty damn close even as a F2P. I have all 15cps and all but ~8 35CP for every character released so far. EXs are obviously a bit more iffy due to their limited nature and not being acquirable with power tokens but I still have about half of the cast. Either way, with even the most basic of planning (e.g. not trying to pull 4 duplicate EXs on each banner instead of using stones on them) you will almost always outpace your armor tokens.
\&gt;San Diego It's more likely because California is killing off their independent contractor industry.
Less people working those jobs = less people getting their food on time = less people eventually using and recommending the service. It is a downward trend that is almost entirely concentrated in California (and other areas with similar legislation). 90% of the time I see these posts it is Californians complaining about their market and how it can't keep up with their insane CoL and recommending more legislation to fix a problem that legislation created in the first place. Courier services are doing just peachy keen in the rest of the country.
To be fair it didn't do anything before the change either. Makes warm coat almost seem like a useful mod.
That's cute that you think the military would actually be able to put down a civil war in the US when they can't even take rice farmers with 1/10th the guns and population they'd be up against even before defectors.
Oh yeah, because nuking your own soil is a great idea. You are completely delusional and clearly have no idea what the hell you are talking about.
Liberal vs libertarian..... idk how you can be mad at anyone for mixing those two up
No, again you are mixing up the definitions of [Globalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Globalism) and [Globalization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Globalization). They are simply not the same thing any more than a liberal and a libertarian are the same thing.
One of my favorite copypastas.
Drawing magic isn't even tedious with a basic understanding of how it works. The magic stat affects how easy of a time you have drawing. It's basically a cakewalk when you are drawing 9 spells at a time. Unfortunately most people seem to want to collect 100 of every single type of magic they will never use and do it without buffing their magic stat so they draw 1-3 spells at a time. IMO the best way to play is a hybrid of carding, refining and drawing.
Yeah, for me I find dealing with the card game far more of a pain than dealing with the draw system especially once rules start getting changed. The only cards I really deal with are unique copies and cards drawn from enemies with the card ability. I'm simply not interested in the saving/reloading aspects necessary to manipulate card rules. Which is a shame because without the more ridiculous rules triple triad is pretty fun.
I still will never understand how ANYONE thought a system with a single sensor point of failure was adequate. System redundancy is a lesson that any airframe engineer should have known since WW2 or even before.
I feel like the most interesting thing from the results so far is that over half of the respondents want a mainline AC further in the past than any previous AC either in the form of a cold war era or WW2 era AC .
Yep, junctioning to magic (and I believe spirit too to a lesser degree IIRC 20% or so, but primarily magic) will easily get you consistent 9 magic draws on all but the highest tier magics. It's also worth noting that the overwhelming majority of magic isn't worth drawing. All of your cures, elementals and status effects should come from refinement and cards. The only magics you really need to draw is double, triple, aura, meteor, flare, summons and maybe the occasional fill in for something you don't have the mats to refine for. Drawing is still great to always have equipped purely for off healing without using your own stock and free casts (although drawcast magic has a much wider low/high roll range than magic cast from stock, you can hit for 100 or 1000 with the same spells), but it's not nearly as necessary for stocking up for junctions as people think it is. All you really need early game is Curaga (easily refined from tents), elementals (from summon refines), and a couple statuses (namely sleep which you can easily get from the balamb training grounds). Almost every other spell is a waste of time until at least disc 2 by which point there are much better ways to get spells anwyay. The biggest cringe for me is watching people spend an hour or so drawing 200-300 copies of scan/water/etc outside of balamb 1-3 spells at a time when you will literally never use those.
I always felt that it was pretty intentionally given to you considering the 2nd npc you talk to gives you a deck of cards and the first 4 GFs you get (3 of which are basically impossible to miss) give you all the elemental/cure/status refine and carding methods you will need for the entire game. I can definitely see how the entire early game experience is pretty poorly presented though considering how heavily it goes against traditional RPG tropes (e.g. leveling being a bad thing).
I don't think it affects those AFAIK, but most of them aren't really worth it anyway outside of the Ultima and Heaven/Hell ones. I tend not to farm those and only grab them when I happen to be in the area. There tend to be better ways to get those spells late game.
Then it goes right back to the OP's post: Don't support those games. I buy games for full price and I play free to plays with micro transactions, but I in principle avoid any game that tries to double dip.
Projection is a hell of a drug.
At least they have decent trigger discipline.
Serial Experiments Lain has some addiction aspects to it.
Not being able to afford 3 Funkopops this month after paying for your Hulu, Netflix, etc subscription and buying the latest iphone.
\*strictest states in regard to almost anything.
uwu
\&gt; Need more information This complaint is legitimate. \&gt;This is overwhelming This one is not. The ENTIRE problem the majority of people have with each new iteration of UI DE keeps putting out is that it keep trying to be more and more "minimalist" at the cost of omitting all of the information that was previously displayed. 1000 icons that are all identical that don't show any information as to what they are without hovering over them or multiple clicks isn't acceptable. Having to tab through 3 screens to get information that could easily displayed in the first page isn't a valid use of resources or screen real estate. I hate to be this harsh about it but there hasn't been an actual UI UPGRADE in ages, only downgrades in the form of "but it subjectively looks better". Aesthetics should NEVER take priority over functionality when it comes to UI and is easily one of my biggest complaints with the game in recent years.
[OP](https://youtu.be/d696t3yALAY?t=40)
This post brought to you by the people who lost a war to emus.
\&gt; a great way to avoid this is to pay your bills on time. This is some video game tooltip level advice right here.
Charity =/= Socialism
Don't forget about the underdog of Kiba being Hokage.
DE listened to a single whiny individual over universal medallions, so by all means we should all decry these changes in unison and maybe one of them will actually get through. Function over form EVERY TIME when it comes to UI. Not one step backwards in functionality.
\&gt; down to the bare minimum So you are saying it's more on DE's level now and they won't be overwhelmed by it?
Honestly in the last few years I feel like the justification for B) has become: What changes can we make to increase grind and plat sales and can we find some sap to use as a scapegoat to justify the change.
ACAB
It's got what borders crave.
Nah, a lot of posts I see on here I'm inclined to say "Ya, YTA", but not this one. Good on standing your ground.
&gt;It isn't working that way this time. [Simply not true.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2018/09/18/machines-will-create-million-more-jobs-than-they-displace-by-world-economic-forum-says/) &gt;It didn't work that way with agricultural automation either. Do you believe that anyone would be better off going back to the time before the cotton gin and using slaves to pick cotton? &gt;In the US, a lot of the manual labor that is still left is done illegally. So there are still jobs that no one but illegal immigrants are willing to work because most Americans are privileged enough to consider that work beneath them? That goes directly against the supposed lack of jobs you are describing. &gt;The jobs didn't transition. That's not what anyone is saying. How many programmers do you believe existed in the 1900s? Computer technicians? Youtubers? Food delivery drivers? Call center workers? Etc. &gt;People are either unemployed or under employed. More people are employed at this time than in any other point in history. That's a simple fact. &gt;The payroll clerk that gets laid off, what job are they going to go do? Learn a new skill. Should we keep burning coal instead of transitioning to cleaner energies simply because coal miners will be put out of a job and have to learn a new trade. Are the new jobs that those alternative energies bring not worth mentioning? &gt;The other jobs they are qualified for have also been automated or are being occupied by someone who is overqualified but is under employed. Not every skill retains its value forever, other skills only become valuable as technology progresses. You are only looking at one side of the spectrum while completely ignoring the benefits it brings, rather ironic for someone with your username.
Surely we can optimize it even further!
Dumbledore specifically calls it "old magic" so it has probably been known about for centuries, it just doesn't often come up in common curricula nor is of much practical use to the common wizard.
Based on your post history you heard exactly what you wanted to hear. I think that says more about you than it does this reporter.
Hell, with how far she's been pushed back and her EX not appearing on any other banners even in JP we'll probably get her EX+ and LD at the same time.
Did she? Well damn, I had been looking around but I couldn't find anything on when her EX is coming back since I missed it the first time around. About how far away are we from the release for that from GL? I didn't see her in any of the upcoming banners and the Brother's summon farm spreadsheet says she won't be boosted until at least late June+.
Gadsen snake 2.0
Florida is particularly petty when it comes to their roads. Tolls everywhere, you can drive for an hour on the interstate and go through 3-5 different toll booths each wanting 4 dollar from you. It's their primary moneymaker since the shape of Florida and it's relatively few population centers compared to the majority of it that is essentially uninhabitable marshes means the majority of it is a drive through state.
"Slow as molasses in January" is a saying, OP isn't actually talking about the month January.
[https://disrn.com/news/black-business-owner-weeps-after-looters-destroy-his-sports-bar-i-dont-know-what-were-gonna-do](https://disrn.com/news/black-business-owner-weeps-after-looters-destroy-his-sports-bar-i-dont-know-what-were-gonna-do)
\*Appreciates FFXIII\* \*Chuckles\* I'm in danger!
Damn libertarians, they ruined libertarianism!
Why would GW care about beating kids in wheelchairs when he got to drone strike children instead?
Airbenders are essentially free love hippie communists (but with enough food left over to freely waste fruit pies). I doubt Aang's parents even remember who they are.
What's the gif originally from?
The only thing that even pulled him out of his depression before was Ushio and even her existence wasn't able to save him for the first several years of her life. There simply isn't going to be another saving grace for him after he loses her.
I'd imagine he would drink himself to death in a few years time becoming the one thing he didn't want to be: his father.
Aang is basically every open world RPG protag ever. Save the world from 100 years of war? Nah I'm got side quests and sight seeing to do!
Can't really blame Rockstar for continuing to resell it when sheep keep buying.
I usually keep a 4 lane bus of underground pipes with water/petroleum/lubricant/sulfuric running alongside my other buses midgame. You won't want to pull all of your production off of this line because of pipe throughput limitations but it's nice to have for occasional misc needs and you can just supply it with the excesses off of your main fluid lines.
He's kind of cute actually.
Real question is how was Yue a princess when this man was clearly the king of the Northern Water Tribe?
Between this and X's minigames I'm apparently just a sadist for figuring out the hair pulling minigames SE puts out. Thankfully this isn't even the worst minigame in 13-2 since at least this one actually involves some modicum of skill. That honor goes to the awful slots minigame in Serendipity which has absolutely no redeeming value.
Ah yes, Sony and it's last 2 generations of solidifying the no gaems meme is clearly King.
Yes. Always put duplicates into limit breaks over selling. Only sell 5\*s if you already have the weapon/armor at MLB (you will have a little red checkmark in the bottom corner).
Cool. Go work any other 9-5 and throw a tizzy when you aren't able to immediately cash out 48 hours after you started because your employer hasn't processed your direct deposit info yet and let us know how that turns out for you.
Microtransactions are a perfectly acceptable method of monetization in games that are free. Paying for microtransactions in games where you have already paid full price for the game itself? Well that just makes you a fucking idiot and you deserve to be fleeced like the sheep you are.
Probably too obvious of a choice but Death Note does meet both of your criteria.
Lukewarm take: No one's ever getting either if sheep keep buying the V's on every console they are released on.
Ah yes, Avatar Chompa, most famous for making pies a staple of Air Nomad cuisine.
I'm not sure I'm actually using it for anything on my current bus. I only really used that bus for midgame before moving over to the standard beacon bot grids for late game so it's kind of just sitting there as a relic slowly being torn down. I'm pretty sure I only went with water because all of my bus lanes were already 4 lanes wide so I just went with 4 fluid pipes and water was the fourth best choice. Lubricant and sulfuric acid were obvious first picks for engines/belts and blue chips respectively. Petroleum was an easy third but I'm pretty sure I'm not using it for anything since at the volumes you need it you are better off just piping it to dedicated places. That left one pipe left over for either a duplicate fluid or either water or oil. Oil seemed like an awful pick since that's much better just processed on site and I didn't really have any need for duplicates since this was just a backup line anyway so I went with water. I think if I was going to use it for anything it was going to be onsite sulfur or explosives production, but even that I'm not 100% on since I moved on from that bus before actually fully utilizing that part of it. If you are using 2 lane buses you could easily get by with just water/oil or lubricant/sulfuric acid on your main bus depending on where you want to process fluids, but I do think at least 2 lanes of underground pipes are a good idea to have on any main bus.
NEVER SHOULD HAVE COME HERE!
Sasuke would have got his ass beat had Orochimaru still had his working arms. Hell, had Hiruzen not sealed Orochimaru's arms and messed up his plan Sasuke would have just got his body jacked 3 years earlier and 12 year old Sasuke certainly wouldn't have stood a chance.
I definitely went a bit hard on the concrete to the point that I have 7m of it just sitting in logistics chests after my bots gave up on laying it. So I had that on it's own separate assembly area rather than the bus for mine, but for a normal person's usage of concrete I'd imagine one pipe of water would be more than enough to feed a concrete node and then some off of a main bus.
Baby Jario
You can't spell UnOrdinary without nord: Arlo confirmed viking.
Haha it funny cuz orange man dum lololol xD upboats 2 da left guise and thx 4 da gold kind stranger!!
\&gt; So, what Pokemon have the *most* important role in human society though Ditto obviously.
I feel like the universe is trying to tell me something, but I'm not sure what....
Meanwhile in the UK they will just refuse care and leave you to die at home because you aren't a priority.
Remember when people actually wanted new games instead of the same old games remade and remastered endlessly?
Point 2 is where the issue comes in seeing as even Baam is currently shackled to an administrator.
Make it a reverse gun game then. Start at T10 and work your way down.
Now I'm just picturing Kyoshi in there like "AWW YEAH TIME TO HUNT SOME BISON POACHERS".
\&gt; Often the area with nicer schools has higher property values I think you have your cause and effect reversed there.
"I see everything you see, except I don't see like you do, I release a sonic wave from my mouth" "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK" "There, I got a pretty good look at you"
Sounds like a problem on your end. #werksonmymachine
Your entire rant lays out exactly why I don't feel sorry for the devs. If you pander to a demographic of unreasonable assholes who derive pleasure in destroying anything they perceive as being part of the out group that doesn't worship the ground they walk on, then you deserve to be destroyed by them when they inevitably turn on you. There are plenty of legitimate victims of cancel culture, but those trying to earn easy sales by directly targeting the cancel culture demographic are not one of them.
Apparently the "+" stands for "any fictional character who isn't openly sexual on screen because it is irrelevant to the story being told". Seems like a pretty wide net to be casting but hey, whatever works I guess.
I mean technically speaking they do all take place in the same multiverse considering Dissidia and World of Final Fantasy both exist. Hell, the 5 FF7 games and 2 movies and 3 FFX games and the novella all take place in the same universe. The same is true of the XII games and Tactics. It's a reasonable assumption that the same is true of the FNC universe. That conspiratorial point aside, I'm not sure why you would want all FFs to take place in the same world. There would be little to no environmental variety and there is really only so much you can do. It certainly would have never reached the 50 or so titles to the FF name that the series has today with such a limited setting. There are plenty of other series out there if you are looking for that sort of thing, but you will notice that being stuck in the same world rather limits the level of story that they can tell for more than a few games without retreading the same plot points over and over again.
Which is irrelevant to the topic at hand.
Because updates have to go through and be approved by Sony/Microsoft/Nintendo before they can be launched. Warframe's development cycle is faster than what consoles allow so PC players get numerous smaller fixes and early buggy updates and consoles get the larger finished product after PC is done testing it so they aren't stuck with an unplayable game for weeks at a time.
He did (although what he actually meant was nonsexual but you can't expect someone in 2002 to be hip to LGBTQIA lingo) and it you look at the context of what he said it was because SpongeBobs sexuality wasn't ever meant to be any part of the story being told. So yeah, turning SpongeBob into a pride icon pretty much directly spits in the face of the author's intent.
Hell, he links a lot more of them than that. He's been in every FF post 12 and has swords from 7 and 10 also. Everyone's favorite dimensional traveller is basically the proof that all FFs exist in a loosely connected multiverse with some universes (WoFF, FF5, FF7,) having much weaker barriers between worlds than others (say FF6) and Gilgamesh not giving a shit about any of those restrictions.
I'm still waiting on my manufacturer's recall.
Not anymore than anyone else on the team tbh.
Is it actually obvious at this point though?
Seriously. I'm hoping that the state doesn't intervene and just allows it to collapse under its own weight.
Maybe I'd be more sympathetic to BLM if every single martyr they presented didn't have a significant violent criminal history and wasn't actively committing a crime at their time of death.
Are...are we the baddies?
Okay five weed then.
Ability: Smol head
My favorite is when people are like "Oh you look like you lost weight!" when I actually haven't. Thanks for basically telling me you remember me being fatter than I actually am.
Honestly until COVID tops the 646k a year that influenza kills, I really don't give a shit nor will I believe that any of the actions taken thus far are justified.
Also every single "blursed poptart/oreo" post.
If this were any other sub I would think you were being serious.
Only 69 cents more? What a deal!
Seer is the most bizarre one for me. Who the hell at DE thinks that Seer is so good that it needs to be severely ammo limited, a "sniper" with projectiles, AND have self stagger.
One minute across an average of 55+-20 runs adds up fast.
They can revolt or move, no state intervention needed.
There's a difference between not being able to afford and not being worth the asking price.
It's always Australia, UK, or California with comments like this. Move somewhere where the tax rate isn't 2/3rds of your paycheck and be amazed at how much cheaper living is.
Sadly I found out you can't actually farm intrinsics past the 10/10/10/10 cap meaning you will have to wait until Command comes out or give up leveling up another tree to stockpile intrinsics.
Overpaying for something just to prove you can afford it is pretty fucking stupid if you ask me, but whatever makes you happy.
"PS3 was released at 600 dollars" "Well acktually it was 599" C O P E
I mean, they aren't really. They had very little problem capturing the Gaang and some of Suki's feats in S3 are pretty notable. Sure they aren't god avatar Kyoshi tier, but for non-benders they are definitely holding their own.
Strange Re Al.
Serial Experiments Lain
I'd use Valkyr's 1 if the range wasn't pitiful with the builds actually used on her. They could quadruple the range and it still probably wouldn't be that great compared to other movement options.
Not nearly enough training arcs. I know people aren't generally big fans of them but it gets pretty tiring when Baam will have a multiple year timeskip where he makes little to no progress and then in his first battle after he will just pull like three separate powers out of his ass (transformation being the latest one).
It's true of every villain of all 4 seasons Amon first half: I want equality Amon second half: I want domination Unulaq: I want balance Unulaq v2: I want to be a god Zaheer: Tyrants should be disposed Zaheer end: Democratically elected leaders bad Kuvira: Let's reunite the earth kingdom Kuvira by end: Let's nuke civilians It's like every single season they got halfway through and they were like "Oh shit, our villains are way too nuanced for a children's show, better make them cartoonishly evil and spit in the face of all of their previous character development".
I wouldn't even be mad if the one time rewards were at least balanced equal to each other. You will only ever need one protea system and one stropha stock so why the hell does one take up 3x as much of the drop table as the other? If you have four items on a drop table, all of which you will only need one of, why not split it up 25/25/25/25% instead of 3 29's and an 11%? I legit got 15 stropha receivers before I finally got protea chassis to drop.
Y̴͈̙͚͓͔̜͈͙̻̱̤̝͋͆̄̓̀̈̑͂̇͘̕͘i̵̞̠̞̮̦͇̦̙͑̓̈́̐p̵̙̪̳̯͙͔̺̖̓̃̽̿ ̸̡̘͈̺̳̊͠Y̴̢̯̱̹̼̲͕̗̜̭̬̌͗̈́͛͊͐͑̊̑͌̀̽͜͜͝ỉ̷̙̖͓̔͑͋͂̄̄̏̊̚͘͜p̷̨̠̰̣̥͇̰͔̋̿̾͒̒̈́͑̈͒̂͛̐̐̀͝
Imagine having Sin destroy your hometown only to hear an echoing in the distance as Sin retreats of "Boom, like happy festival fireworks ya?
There's no Watsonian answer to this.
I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that it is pretty unlikely that you will get an answer that doesn't break the rules of this sub. There's a very clear out of universe answer for the above question but no real answer in universe.
It's just a picture of Dr Phil?
At that point based on this and your other points in the thread you might as well tip at least a few dollars. It goes towards subsidizing those 9 dollar minimums and as you know being a driver yourself a 0 tip order is going to take forever to get delivered. I know you said you weren't big on tipping cash but best thing to do might be to tip 2.50 in the app and put in the delivery instructions half of the tip is in the app half in cash, although I know as a driver if I read that I would not be counting on getting that other 2.50 in cash so who knows.
Still end up getting one shot by a split second of lag/packet loss and lose hours of grinding or your entire character.
I just don't understand why they don't just use both and mix it up between old and new ships randomly. Even if they are functionally identical tile sets it would still be nice to mix it up aesthetically.
Aang: I'd rather kiss you than die Mai: I'd rather kiss you then die Know the difference
It's because fire nation outfits are so sharp.
Except for hopping in and out of operator mode is already one of the best ways to self heal in the game.
Imagine if Kyoshi showed up instead.
Don't bring PC into debates like these, it just makes all the consoles claims at having the most exclusives and backwards compatibility look laughable.
Hello Dai Li? This post right here.
Deja Vu 0.05x speed
I mean, all of the kids were kind of shitheads. He just ended up picking the one that went the longest without fucking up/fucked up the least severely.
Means your atk stat is higher than your def stat.
I'm pretty sure if I was on the verge of killing myself, the last thing I would want is to be doxxed by randos on the internet. I also probably wouldn't specifically create a reddit suicide account either if I was serious about it.
Well that's 5 people so there's already stand fuckery going about. The question is which one is the stand?
Considering that every element lines up to a state of matter and firebenders are aligned with plasma I'd say that yes, they could.
Clannad + Clannad:AS Golden Time Toradora
Pirated copy will store its files in the exact same place. Being pirated really doesn't change much of anything about how/where a game stores its files.
Yeah, it's a pic of Tsunade and Orochimaru. What about it?
I mean, I'm not sure what you expected considering the premise of Boruto.
[Of course, what more proof do you need?](https://youtu.be/HR2kbOK8i6I?t=86)
Grouped orders are a scam on every platform, not just GH. Don't take them unless the bonuses are really good or both dropoff points are right next to each other and you are hurting for offers.
Eye contact? On the first date? What kind of girl do you take me for??
It's decent for crossbows like Zhuge and Attica.
Yeah that seems pretty odd with no good reason to do so. I can only recall having a similar issue once and it was because there was no save destination specified in the .ini rather than it being saved in a different location than default(Yakuza Zero). Might just be specific to certain crack groups, I definitely haven't experienced it being common practice nor can I think of any reason why it would be.
Yeah, the only reviews that matter are the reviews of people who liked the game.
Katara: JUST LIKE MY MOM!
I don't need to eat shit to know it's not good.
When your scouts stumble across Ancapistan.
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink. You've said your piece to your BF and you know damn well that it will come back to bite him in the ass eventually. He may on some level be aware of that too but still be biting the bullet on that inevitability for his cousin's sake or in respect to his grandfather/father's wishes. If that's the case that's entirely his choice and the feel good aspects of that might outweigh the fiscal consequences to him. Not much you can do but let him make his own mistakes and stockpile those "I told you so's" and save them for a rainy day when you are feeling particularly petty after your fears do come to pass.
To be fair though that "one nation" encompasses like 75%+ of the Avatar world's total landmass.
[For the uninitiated.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBIONjz3yrc)
Definitely point 1. Point 2 is kind of disproven by S3 of LoK considering they had little problem keeping someone like P'li imprisoned. Sure someone else could have broken him out like what happened with her, but that's just as possible for Ozai with his bending removed also. He doesn't need to be the strongest firebender in the land or even have bending at all to be the Fire Lord to those still loyal to him. There were numerous ways it could have been handled that didn't involve bring in deus ex machina at the very last second which eventually lead to several of the flaws with LoK.
I'll give you a hint, it's the game causing the most drama right now.
How many bites do you think you would have to take of a shit sandwich to determine you didn't like it? Should only people who have eaten entire shit sandwiches be allowed to voice their distaste for them?
If that's the case than even the first TLOU isn't for you as you can basically get the full experience of the game just watching a playthrough of it IMO. Your preference is exactly why TLOU2 is getting as much flak as it is. If you are going to lean in as heavy on story and cutscene elements as the TLOU series does, you better actually have a damn good story with compelling enough characters to justify that choice.
Oh just you wait until you get to the end.
&gt;when talking about a story you have to experience the whole thing Even if a shit sandwich has one or two good bites at the end of it, still doesn't mean it's worth eating the whole sandwich to get to them. And considering we know how TLOU2 ends, those last few bites aren't much better than the first ones, arguably even the worst bites of the entire sandwich. I'm sure the majority of people who dropped it because of poor story early on would not have had their opinions changed by seeing it through to the end. As to your second point you can find it weird all you want but there's PLENTY of precedent for it (SW Battlefront 2, Spore, Pokemon SW/SH, Kane and Lynch, etc). You can bet your ass ND panicked and decided to pay off reviewers after the shitshow that was the initial leak to try and save sales. Even without that element of it very few western reviewers are going to want to risk losing wokeness points and piss off the LGBT+ community by saying the game is bad regardless of any actual grievances with the game. Easier to just give it a good score and move on to reviewing the next far less controversial game.
Ba Sing Se already experienced first hand what Iroh was like without his tea years ago. Believe me, you do NOT want to see Iroh when he's gone too long without some calming jasmine tea.
You mean the world we already live in?
Yeah maybe if you completely ignore history and the several times they have been caught doing so. They don't even bother denying it at this point.
It's both.
It varies WILDLY from universe to universe. Some are the embodiment of the souls of the dead, others are corrupted souls of the living, some come from the moon, others from the planet itsef, some are science experiment rejects, others are demigod servant rejects, some are a manifestation of the planet's energies, others are manifestations of leftover magical energies. There is no one answer that encompasses all or even most of the FF universes.
Baam, like Graham, but with a B.
\&gt; Is it dishonest? Is it dishonest to score without every other player on the field? No. \&gt; Would a potential buyer pick one game over the other, if they were discounted at the same time? Maybe, but that doesn't make it unfair or dishonest. \&gt; Are developers tempting customers to spend money on something that is lower on their priority list? Yes, that is the purpose of any sale. \&gt; Why does Bandai Namco's sale ends on the day the Steam Summer Sale 2020 starts and not the day after? Because like you said they both have to compete for sales and it is better for both parties to not have their sales running at the same time. This is also why AAA games try not to release on the same week. \&gt; Would you like it if Steam made the week before the sale event to be a week of silence with no discounts allowed? Absolutely not, what gives them the right? Who exactly are these companies hurting by going on sale early? No one is forcing you to buy their games.
Apparently not considering he's still having to argue this shit in the comments.
Lightning: I'll get you back home lil' buddy Also Lightning: ***Y E E T***
Honestly the best way to 100% X-2 is in two runs (maybe even three if we are counting creature creator 100%). I believe total between the two factions there is like 109-111% total so it allows you a lot more leeway for missing shit like "talk to cid in the thunder plains in chapter 4 before x but not after y or miss .001% of a completion point". Use the first run to experience the story as intended and do a bit of sidequesting here and there (particularly anything that has dressspheres or accessories like kaiser knuckles), then use the second one to see the opposite faction complete everything and start powerleveling your characters.
Well I saw this cabbage vendor once.....
Probably similar to what happened with the Tick Tock Clock Upwarp in SM64. It would be heavily investigated for years and bounties would be put up trying to find out what happened. After little success in replicating or explaining the trick I'd imagine a vocal enough minority of runners would manage to get the run removed until it could be proven it was not the result of a hack or modification.
Say you go out to a restaurant. Do you leave a review every single time you go there? If it was just an average experience how many people go out of their way to leave a 3 star review? Hell, even if you have a pretty good experience, you aren't always going to leave a review right? Now, imagine you went to the same restaurant you've been going to for years only this time you have an absolutely terrible experience with the new staff before even being seated, your food arrives cold and when you bring this to the waiter's attention you are called derogatory names and are expelled from the premises. How much more likely would you be to leave a review in that last scenario compared to a routine dining experience?
Probably because half the time reddit breaks them. For instance in your post I don't see jack shit except for squares and the female symbol.
And what I'm saying is a negative experience is much more likely to lead someone to write a scathing review than a positive one. Welcome to cancel culture. The number of reviews can be directly attributed to the fact that the plot was leaked prior to the game's release. Everybody who wants to know what happens already knew what was going to happen before they even played the game. There are a LOT of grievances to be had with the choices made regarding TLOU2's story and character beats (pun intended), especially the ludonarratively dissonant ending. It has nothing to do with Abby's physique or Ellie's orientation.
Yeah, I just got to 8 and haven't put a team together for it. My Shadow definitely isn't beefy enough for the solo that's for sure.
Not going to keep wasting my time if you aren't even going to attempt to address anything I'm saying and just keep parroting the same shit. Have fun tilting at the windmills of people tilting at windmills.Since neither side of this debate seems to have any ability to listen to reason, I'll just continue sitting back and enjoying the show from the sidelines since I have no horse in this race. Cheers.
Have you met teenagers before?
I think you are expecting ATLA levels of maturity where 12 year olds can talk about giving up revenge and idly drop life changing philosophy while walking the walk and saving the world when UnOrdinary is more like what would happen if you went down to your local high school and gave everyone superpowers for a week with the strength of those powers correlating to how popular they are. You can bet your ass that if you polled 100 high schoolers and you told them "you have super powers now, you can either beat the shit out of everyone who wronged you or open up your deepest darkest secrets and repressed traumas openly for the sake of understanding" that 99 of them are going to pick the first option and the last kid is going to get beat up by the other 99. And that's with our world being SIGNIFICANTLY less fucked up than UnOrdinary's is.
It was a different time!
It's one of those things you learn to deal with because it's [an extremely common trope](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PoorCommunicationKills) that many series suffer with.
\&gt; Joel did some terrible things including cursing the entire human race. That's only if you assume that the Fireflies actually knew what the fuck they were doing and weren't just going to kill off Ellie and not see any actual results from it.
TL;DR is the last paragraph I don't think you have to though. There is plenty of evidence in TLOU1 of the fireflies NOT having their shit together in any meaningful manner. The most key piece of evidence the research facility with the guy who died by releasing an infected monkey because he felt sorry for it (the guy also monologues about regretting his time with the Fireflies in his dying breath). They even leave behind their medical equipment and research notes meaning wherever they fled to they are going to be starting from scratch but it wasn't such a hasty evacuation that this guy didn't have time to leisurely let these monkeys go, get bit, and record all of his life's regrets. Then you also have their unwarranted aggression towards Joel and others and their use of terror attacks. It's worth noting that their plan for transporting Ellie was to have a gun runner do it immediately AFTER they managed to get Boston locked down by bombing it. But it goes further than that, after said smuggler gets killed for giving stolen guns to the fireflies, they decide to get the guy that just killed the original guy they were going to use to do it in exchange for what was taken from him. Okay sure, not the best plan but certainly room temperature IQ at least. But to top even that off once this guy of whom they had no previous interactions with does actually manage to deliver the girl a year later THEY DON'T EVEN ATTEMPT TO HONOR THE DEAL ORIGINALLY OFFERED and again just resort to all they know: using violence and threats to achieve their goals. Again, it's worth remembering that by your own words, the death of this girl would be cursing the entirety of the human race. But let's let a single random murdering guy we picked up off the street transport her across the country. Also worth noting they almost let said savior of humanity drown by holding Joel at gunpoint while both of his hands were occupied trying to save her and this nearly kills her. There's also the issue of their medical incompetency. Unless you really really want to pretend that modern medical science isn't a thing, there's absolutely no reason that Ellie would have had to die for them to be able to get a tissue sample from the brain, Biopsies are a real world medical procedure that exist and is perfectly capable of obtaining such samples without killing the patient. You can make the argument that perhaps they didn't have all of the medical equipment necessary to perform such an operation without killing Ellie, but at that point you have to REALLY question whether you want to put the fate of humanity in these guys hands given that fact combined with the above. They didn't even perform 24 hrs of testing before skipping straight to the "welp we've done everything we can, time to kill the only known immune living subject because science". If I went to the Fireflies with a cold I'd expect them to give me antibiotics and tell me vaccines cause autism. So yes, in the context of the story, for there to be any meaningful conflict you have to assume that the Fireflies knew exactly what they were doing and were going to be able to mass produce a vaccine from what they found. However, given all of the context clues and character building the game gives the Fireflies, it is EXTREMELY unlikely they would ever be able to accomplish such a thing. If one wants to make the argument that Ellie's death can be justified at the chance of being meaningful to the greater good, then by that same argument you can also argue that Joel's choice was justified by saving the only known immune from being hacked up by medical hacks to be looked at by an actually competent medical team that can run tests without killing her another day. That may not have been his reason, but he can do the right thing for the wrong reasons the same as the Fireflies could be doing the wrong thing for the supposed right reasons.
Without the context of what comes after center because it gives you more choices overall.
"We tried rubbing some 'tussin on her and nothing happened, we have to kill her!"
UberEats actually specifically has an accessibility option in the app for couriers who are deaf or hard of hearing that alerts the customer and I would assume support. I believe it changes the app to where both of those previously mentioned parties can message you through the app but can't call you.
"A game that has serious flaws is a 7" Yeah, no. This is why people get their panties in a twist when a game gets review bombed, because they believe even shitty games with serious flaws deserve an "above average" score. A story based game that fails on it's story and character development does not deserve to be in the upper 30%'s. The lack of being able to think critically goes both ways. TLOU deserves a 5-6 at most if you cut out all the 10/10 circlejerkers and 0/10 anti-jerkers and that would mostly be riding on the visuals and gameplay players have come to expect from the first game. Even on that if TLOU had to stand on it's gameplay alone without a compelling story it wouldn't be a very interesting game and would only hold most player's attention for a couple of hours at most (which is probably why the gameplay to walking to cutscene ratio is skewed as it is).
A 9 is perfectly justifiable for BotW IMO. Maybe not a 9/10 as a Zelda sure, and it definitely has flaws when trying to wear that title, but as an open world game by any other name? An 8-9 would be perfectly fair since it is basically the best in genre open world right now with only a few real competitors.
Literally King of the Koopas but aite Mario.
Demos still exist, you just have to get them from savvy sea merchants.
I think it might just be your phone to be honest, or rather an issue the game has with your phone. I used to have this problem all of the time on my alcatel idealxcite but haven't had any problems with it, even with leaving it in the background for hours, since I upgraded to my moto G7 power. It might not be relevant, but do you run the game in low or normal power mode and do you have battery saver enabled on your phone?
I think this meme format has a lot of potential.
I'd try dropping the game down to 30fps mode and see if that changes anything. It might be requesting too many resources from your phone while in the background causing it to be lowered in priority by the phone and/or temporarily not getting all of the resources it needs causing it to restart upon being reopened. Are you normally running a lot of apps in the background? I'd test to see if you still have the same problem with just one or two other apps running besides it and with the 30fps option above. If either of those end up resolving the issue then you know it is a phone specs/resource mgmt issue, if not, it is entirely possible it is software related and may be fixed with a later update either to your phone or to the game.
How can we be sure they are interesting if we can't even inspect them ourselves? Inquiring minds need to know.
This except for B wouldn't happen since as it is a limitation of aperture portals that they can't be placed on moving surfaces, so the portal would close as soon as the surface moved causing C to happen in scenario B.
\&gt; Is it better than the old one where it had the robo port in the middle? Depends on which metric you are judging it by. These are incapable of building themselves from the map radar but they are also more power per area since they don't have to power roboports which can often end up being the next most significant powerdraw to a late game factory after beacons.
Well they still would be paid minimum if they don't make up to that including tips.
Personally I've had a fair bit of success doing courier work for UberEats/Grubhub/Doordash. Sure there's some level of customer and employee interaction but the majority of the time it is just you, the road, and the app. No coworkers or bosses to deal with, make your own hours, clock out whenever the stress starts to wear you down and your social battery runs out. Definitely ended up being a better choice for me personally than my original choice of going into IT, even if the money is a bit less.
I think you are probably overthinking it and your reaction was acceptable regardless of the person's race. Hell, it would be more racist to not make that check when you otherwise would have out of fear of being labeled racist. Besides, you are forgetting the golden rule of couriering: No tip, no fucks given.
Honestly based on all the nightmares I've seen with other courier services that make you OWYA, I have zero interest in signing up for it. I get enough orders in my area as it is to where the extra "opportunities" wouldn't make up for the being stuck at restaurants and them not starting the order until I place it myself.
Unless you make a repeated habit of it, it is unlikely you will get in trouble for it. If GH does investigate the claim (already unlikely) they will be able to see that you arrived at the destination the GPS listed and took a picture around the time you arrived.
Says the guy with the username ASniperIsTheSolution.
\&gt; On a side note, the pay decrease seems to be because of the Seattle hazard pay. But they weren't suppose to lower the pay for that reason. Seattle can say whatever they want but the money has to come from somewhere. You can't just legislate magic money into existence, it has to come from somewhere: whether that be the customer, the driver, or the restaurant. Anyone who's seen this happen before knew exactly which of those three parties was going to be stuck footing the bill. This shouldn't surprise anyone.
I feel like we are playing different games. I would not be able to continue expanding without atomic bombs being able to thin the hordes that my 16 arty wagon train brings in. Atomic bomb is basically the only handheld weapon that holds any value with late game biter blobs.
You mean the family name of the clan that was COMPLETELY WIPED OUT save for Naruto and Karin because of their coveted sealing abilities? Seems like a perfectly reasonable choice.
It's all the same as far as they are concerned. You say you made 2 dollars profit but more than likely you paid that difference on the marked up items you ordered. It's all the same to GH because they make the same amount off of the restaurant/customer and pay the driver the same amount either way.
But how? Wouldn't the bullet inherit the velocity of the plane it was shot from?
Are you accounting for the difference in price of the items you ordered from the restaurant through the app compared to what it would cost if you ordered them in person? That's usually how they make up the difference. Also many smaller or promotional orders will be loss leaders to attract more customers so they can make a bigger cut off of larger orders. As to your point as to how it is questionable how they make money, that's exactly it. The profit margins of these companies are a lot smaller than what most drivers seem to think they are.
What girls think guys want vs what guys actually want.
You know that controlling recoil isn't the same as stopping recoil right?
FF all the bravest, spirits within: Allow us to introduce ourselves.
The Hightower map looks a lot like this.
