Well, disappointing. I knew it would be indies, but was expecting more than just the usual 8-bit Zelda and Megaman clones - will kids ever tire of dreaming they live in the mythical 80s? Greg was hyping some VR announcements, but the only 2 featured were already known - and Mini-Mech Mayhem is frankly a huge let down, not at all alike to what they were hinting at previously...
please, Sega, bring these to PSVR like Rez!
cool way to justify your preferences, pawn
I do. occasionally some paintball match in Rec Room or online race in Driveclub, but that's about it
you're not that off, but what you forget to tell is that it's not that different in regular flatland either: only about 10% of all games released are worth their salt anyway. Or are you really playing all those weekly 8-bit indie releases or all of those Ubisoft, EA and Activision annual shitty rehashes? well, let me see my favorite VR games thus far: Skyrim, Trickster, Battlezone, Dirt Rally, Wipeout, Transpose, Astro Bot, Moss, Apex Construct, Doom Vfr, Statik, Tiny Trax, Tetris Effect, Rec Room, Accounting+, Driveclub, Here they Lie, Farpoint, I Expect you to Die. and I'm really missing a lot of good stuff that has released in the last few weeks and I still couldn't even find the time to try out older gems like Superhot or Raw Data... nah, I think it definitely got a bit more than just 10 games... and if it was just Skyrim and its dlcs, it would be wholy worth it alone
from the thumbnail alone: Skyrim (and all dlcs), Astro Bot, Doom Vfr, Moss, Wipeout Omega Collection, Apex Construct, Déraciné, Tetris Effect, I Expect you to Die, No Heroes Allowed, Battlezone, Here they Lie are truly awesome and complete games I've personally played and recommend. I'm still to play Superhot and RE7 Batman is just a limited short experience, but one you'll not want to miss anyway - just amazing dressing up as Batman. GTS has very limited VR content, but still offers superior driving mechanics than, say, Driveclub VR, and some people would be willing to drive there in those realistic cars and tracks... Tomb Raider has no place there, it just offers a very short and useless walk around the Croft mansion - if you want a cheaper but more awesome such short VR dlc, try instead the X-Wing mission in a free dlc for SW Battlefront 1. Rick &amp; Morty has had so many complaints that I've not felt myself able to play it yet - but I did both Job Simulator by the same studio and Accounting+ by Rick &amp; Morty co-creator Justin Roiland and Stanley Parable devs Crows Crows Crows and they're very nice intros to VR frankly, to me personally, VR reignited a spark I felt lost for gaming. more pixels on the same tiny flat window means nothing next to being right there and doing more than just pushing buttons. On for 400 games!
I'm not really into horror games, but I played the free The Beginning Hour of RE7. I haven't played Superhot, but did play Just in Time Inc, which does feature similar mechanics. Still, I'll give it a shot. Now, the most impressive and downright VR game to me has been Skyrim. It's just great, mindblowing and really puts you in another, very detailed world like VR should. I doubt any other game can come close to just allowing me to get lost in the woods like that
Gotta love Jessica Rabbit ;-)
Skyrim is way better than I expected. starts slow, but builds up nicely. And is quite challenging in Expert and beyond... never played a game from The Elder Scroll series before, but it's really is all about what makes RPG great: a full story that is not told to you, but you live it throughout as you play, tons of customization, weapons, skills, upgrades, dialogues, trading, food, potion and weapon crafting, mining, you name it... in VR, it's pretty unbelievable, you can literally live there, walk down wonderful vistas, fight with your own hands, swim, even dungeons are eerily beautiful and filled of mystery and danger... can't put it down
mine has been a jetplane from day one, as much as my old 2014 og PS4 or my old desktop welcome to AMD CPUs
procedurally generated stuff won't ever be as awesome as games with finely handcrafted maps and quests, it's as simple as that may be fun for the first hours, but once you start perceiving the repetitions you start questioning yourself about the point of it all decided to get rid of it and investing my time in something more worthwhile, like trying to actually finish Skyrim
west from where exactly?
good reply
and they do take a hit
LOLed hard
go China!
Forget it. He's just another Nintendo nut
It's a proof of concept needing to be incorporated into a real game.
Nintendo nuts are always full of BS about how their overhyped toy maker was either first to or best of
kids these days just whine too much if I were a big AAA studio, I'd just give them the finger in the form of generic multiplayer arenas so they could whine and murder each other all day long oh wait
yes: Super Metroid
nowadays I play 1 AAA game in between indies the trend is less and less
até mais, compadre
&gt; Borderlands 2 is selling for a higher price than any other game. way lower than Skyrim, which is the largest (and best) game on PSVR when there's no real competition, that's what happens but anyway, if this game gets a port to Switch, do you think it'll come any cheaper? Or do you think it won't be raved as usual by those kids playing old ports and 8-bit indies?
can already see it: no 3DRudder, no buy
You can pick up items and inspect them with your hands in Skyrim, it's just that they kind of float above your hand. You can fully inspect and throw them or place somewhere else. This feature was available in the original game too, so this is a cheap port. But BL is not a RPG with tons of items. There's just guns and Ammo to pick up. I don't like laser pointers for hands, but I don't think we're really missing much. You point your gun and shoot and you can also punch enemies or throw some magic trap upon them
Japanese devs are totally and utterly clueless about VR, even those close to Sony. Japan Studio needed a Frenchman ahead the team to get us Astro Bot. All the rest are very subpar short VR bonus experiences attached to the main flat game or, like this, just really an ad for an upcoming flat game
My very experience as well. But what really impresses me about VR is the number of people with a known historic of motion sickness that are attracted to it like flies to a shiny lamp. "oh look! One more chance to prove I won't feel ill" and how vocal they are that their issues are all so common...
Bryan did an awesome job of showing the Move implementation works like a charm. Great, effortless gunplay! git gud, analog nuts!
Will Seraphim make an appearance with his samurai suit and hat? :D
&gt; I’ll try Moves later plays exactly like Rec Room paintball (minus gradation of motion) or Killing Floor Incursion, if you've played these before... meaning, plays totally great. And if this works for Borderlands, I don't see why this control scheme couldn't work for Doom at all. Both are quite fast-paced shooters and as long as you give enough mobility options to the player, there's no way it can go wrong. Too bad iD really came up with the most limited implementation I've ever seen for the Moves... I'm playing as the ninja guy. The sword is fun, at least when it hits (many times look like a miss). I'm first to Borderlands 2. Skyrim I had played a bit the special edition before VR. The game still has issues, most glaring the framerate is not the best (but then, with so much scenery and so much explosive action, I can forgive it), and also a few nitpicks with headtracking (you can't get too close to objects without being pushed back)... hopefully, they fix some of these issues, but otherwise, game totally rocks, highly recommended
though there seems to be a character customization booth, so you won't be playing with a fixed char, but the one you create I didn't play with it, took my char for granted
hmm, nothing quite spectacular tbh. They just fly out of them and we collect.
Astro Bot is just the idea of a good VR game by couch-lazy, button-mashing flatgamers. it's a great platform game, yes, and even has very nice VR immersion. But just being a cameraman and eventual sidekick to the game hero is not nearly as fun nor as immersive as being the actual fucking hero in games like Skyrim or Borderlands
yes, top-notch it was amazing getting close to her from behind and watching her reaction of terror and surprise Lol
&gt; people reviewing this game are VR game reviewers no, they are envy pc vr analog-stick reviewers and one of them shouldn't even be reviewing VR games at all, because he got not VR legs to play fast-paced games like this! pretty much all PSVR youtubers gave it a huge thumbs up. I played myself this morning, it's awesome and addictive!
good luck slashing enemies and driving cars with your rifle
where is our friend micro-peen?
Arizona Moves locomotion sucks, same for Doom (much worse) [Borderlands 2 got it as right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp7Dqxl7-k0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=603) as paintball in Rec Room or Killing Floor Incursion it just plays great, fast and furious. Moves represent your in-game hands, to shoot, yes, but also to drive vehicles and to slash enemies with swords or use other powers - can you say doing those while holding a rifle-controller in your hands will feel right? It's immersion-breaking, but some delusionals demand it rather than just learning to use Moves for locomotion...
you feel totally badass. there are a few issues to iron out, but as is it's already one of PSVR best
my own experience
yes, that's a definition of flatgamer
I'm enjoying the crosshairs: it's actually 3D and projected onto enemies :) still to get a scope
I don't lie in regards to comfort: ever since I got my VR legs, measured my IPD and brought down display brightness to 30%, I can handle any VR game without any comfort settings for hours. They're all comfortable to me comfort is in the eye (or stomach) of the beholder
it's actually pc vr envy disguised as comfort issues
I didn't find any jumping option yet, but didn't seem to miss it. Moves work great, specially if you choose the highest speed for locomotion and turning. I'm pretty sure if they used this in Doom it'd be plenty playable with Moves, instead of the nightmare it is now...
yeah, bring more quick remasters of oldies for the masses while you develop future VR tites, devs
&gt; Heh...I never understand when actually aiming your guns in a shooter doesn’t count to some folks as “making good use of VR”....it’s the entire central gameplay mechanic!! Assuming they just played with a DS4 then...sadness. aiming with Moves in this game feels great sorry, Aim nuts
&gt; 40£ isn't a price we are used to with vr games it's not really about VR games, it's about short games vs long games 40 is totally worth it
Skyrim VR for me but BL2 was a very nice surprise. it's fun and addictive
Lol
500 players? if you get 3 VR players without one of them being a youtuber reviewing a free copy is much...
I don't think so. I was into Moss for the exploration, the battles, the story, the beauty of it. the puzzles were a good part, played their part, as did the collectibles Along Together is about what? 2 kids lost trying to find their way and this means the player pushing levers and whatnot for them to go through. I don't care for that at all and I'm now much too busy with way better VR games, so...
nice date, nice price and very nice puzzle concept
It's true, they did remove gradation of speed from Skyrim and I miss it. It's available in Trickster, Rec Room and other games, in the AAA ports we have this on/off shit Still, plays great regardless of that. Doom vfr on ds4 has full analog input with gradation and the extreme acceleration there is really hard
I'm actually a fan of snap turning. Just push a button to turn either direction and from there just manually aim the gun. The old flat way demands analog turn because you have no other way to aim in flat games: the analog turn is the aim
Yeah, and I guess you can't wait for Bioshock to release without Aim support so you can rave all day here for Aim support so you can finally have those impressive hand powers shooting from your rifle.
Didn't bother me. What bothers me is trying to just looking closer to objects, borders and walls and the game repelling me back. Why not like Skyrim, Doom or any sensible game?...
It's one of the best games on PSVR, bar none. Reviewers of ign and roadtovr are a sad bunch of clueless bozos
Btw, the slomo is handy, but I barely used it so far
Btw, the slomo is handy, but I barely used it so far
seems like pitchforks do work
They should hire a VR youtuber
You don't: it's same speed throughout, you can choose walking speed low ("comfort"), medium (walk) or high (run) in the settings and go with that. He of course used just teleport, not walk, and was bitching about it
Granted, Skyrim back then looked like mud on og PS4. So, guess being there in VR wasn't exactly mindblowing Today though, on Pro at least, I consider it the best VR game ever
Nothing, Skyrim is as good as you can get on the aging ps4 hardware You won't see as detailed and large world running on PSVR at all
no mouse, no buy
psvr raped this poor guy. Death to psvr, I say!
Cool, but very few people with a psvr will care enough to purchase a hefty pc and a hefty headset just to have analog sticks (and not play Borderlands 2) just git gud with moves and quit whining
sometimes if I'm careful I can near enough the ladies :)
Yes, it's far more worthy 50 in this huge AAA title than 5 short indies for 10 bucks each
Funny, I walk up to a group of enemies and slash them with my sword and shoot them in their face without using slomo and hardly even sweat And yes, with Moves this game is bragged a lot by a younger player generation than mine, but it's actually quite easy for veterans from older generations. And to think these same kids cry for lack of co-op because they can't handle it all by themselves! sad state of gaming... anyway, easy or not, game is addictive and a total blast. It's really a much needed genre in VR: frantic full-locomotion shooters with much exploration and looting...
perhaps because he's a deranged person with all his talk about using his rifle for everything, including slashing with sword, punching, driving, etc
I do the same. Lol
yes, it's great. I'm been fortunate to witness the first Wipeout be one of the heralds of 3D gaming in the first Playstation and to witness it doing the same to PSVR. It's been an amazing futuristic ride throughout for total nostalgia, you might want to mute the soundtrack and have the original Wipeout tracks by Cold Storage playing in spotify
Game is top and I should really force myself to get back to it and finish it, but bigger games came in the way and more to my liking - Skyrim, Borderlands, Dirt Rally... so the co-op missions are separate from campaign? Still to check it out, hope to still find players around... Anyway, hope to hear more from Impulse Gear soon
he beat the game before, but with more than one build? besides, the immersion granted by the moves is beyond the wildest dreams for combat. Each battle is full of adrenaline-pumping tension, because it's not pushing buttons anymore looking at graphics on a screen, it's you face-to-face with terrible foes dungeon crawling in Skyrim VR is positively one of the top experiences I've had in my long gaming life...
They actually have to get rid of those ancient, flat menus and static hub - devs, take a look at how Killing Floor Incursion displays health and Ammo info in the floating hands themselves. There's an option to inspect objects in the menus. It's truly laughably ancient. Please, just display the object in our hands and let us rotate them and get close to our face at will...
framerate is not the best as is, just imagine with another guy in coop over the Internet... wait for Playstation V
Killing Floor Incursion also nails gun handling with Moves beautifully Borderlands is crazy good a game and much larger than those two. Just like Skyrim, perhaps there are serious technical issues limiting them from having more beefy VR handling... I don't really think it's just laziness by the devs
straight from scooby doo
Astro constant velocity forward is hardly motion sickness prone, is it?
Pro on 4K and boost mode and supersampling off
Skyrim menus doubt bother me in the least. A deep RPG with so many options and items couldn't do any different. Navigating them with moves is a bit tricky, but doable I was talking more about melee: we don't have a good visual feedback to damage on enemies any time you hit them, other than health bar going down and that one is a bit tricky to notice in the heart of battle. I mean, if you ever played native VR games such as Rec Room quests or Trickster or Gorn on pcvr, you know you can have instant visual feedback that your attacks are being effective. Then again, none of these are as large, detailed or deep as Skyrim, so I can forgive its missteps.
I was just like that last year. :) to 4 million, and beyond!
just sell the swiindie and get psvr - the former is for playing indie games that look like 80s games, the latter is for having a taste of the future
your body grows resistance to it every beginner feels it, I did. Took me about a week of short sessions to endure. few people seem to suffer from it after months of usage, but these usually have a historic of motion sickness even in car rides...
Sega Genesis collection is available for psvr, btw. As is Doom Vfr (with unlockable classic maps as well). Borderlands 2 VR is also great and if you ever played a RPG, like Phantasy Star, you'll have plenty of joy with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (VR edition, not special edition)
Best played on ds4
of course.
Same as Rec Room quests or Trickster
please man, don't get the Quest. You're a nudist, we all know how that would end...
What about the in-game hands? Are they tiny to you? My ninja looks like a kid...
Thanks for the game. Will check as soon as Borderlands allow it
Borderlands is ill suited for VRgins. Go have fun with Beat Saber and other games and demos before trying games with motion aside from a few pathological cases, most people seem to grow resistance in a week or so
Try Island Time, Just in Time Inc, Accounting+, Floor Plan
I've watched gameplay videos of PS3 version and the speed matches.
Farpoint
Well, I've taken a look down sights in some of the guns and they're definitely there. You guys can just use that instead of relying on the crosshair But yeah, it definitively could be an option in the menus, Gearbox
but did you find the secret zoo level? or the new space level?
the ninja hands are very small... :/
you have to search the menus for full locomotion/walk, and also smooth turning. Each games uses a particular terminology, so I never remember, but it's there to unlock. Of course, if you're a VRgin, Doom is not the best game for you right now... that said, Doom on ds4 is head-aim: you aim with your head and shoot. The Moves implementation here sucks donkey and the Aim controller has its issues, but lets you aim like you're aiming with a real gun
just keep it up, my dudes! :D
&gt; new hardware first - PSVR 2 or 3 what you need more than a new headset is raw power: upcoming Playstation V should be able to run such a game in solid 60fps min instead of today's 30fps with frame drops. at least, that's our hope and I don't see why new console hardware 6 or 7 years later couldn't pull it...
there are optimizations, dude. Even Oculus Quest with mobile hardware may be impressive enough on current psvr for instance, it's not rendering 1080p per eye, it's half the pixels for each eye per frame: it's a single 1080p display divided in half for each eye &gt; Console manufacturers have to push consumers into the 500 dollar price range to accommodate more up to date hardware that's a way not to make money at all. that said, console business is different because they always subside hardware costs in the first years. You may well be getting a new $600 machine for about $400.
actually, they're in Brazil store too and I guess all of America too bad many games aren't on brazilian store, like Island Time, Robinson the Journey, Hopalong the Badlands, etc
You mean resolution? Far from the worst you'll find on psvr. I don't think laymen understand this, but you won't find any other game on psvr with the same staggering amount of detail as in Skyrim. It's not an extremely limited horror game in tight corridors, it's an extremely large map with a good amount of draw distance, characters and objects on screen at once. If you defeat a skeleton enemy, you'll see their bones rolling on the floor, several allies will battle along with you against major foes like dragons, each as detailed as Lydia - and you know how beautiful she can look - you can inspect each item on table and find an incredible amount of assets, and those fires in the hearth cast real shadows of characters on walls, something I've not seen much elsewhere on PSVR. graphics go way beyond a simplistic resolution and bright colors and Skyrim got them in spades. If you think some other psvr game has better graphics than Skyrim, I challenge you to list them All in all, the natural landscapes of Skyrim and the day-night cycle and dynamic weather are glorious sights in VR
1. is it a motion controlled game with Moves? they don't have analog sticks for motion and turning, so turning usually goes on x and o buttons in right Move. So we press to turn. I don't really want to do that, but there's the nicety of snap turning, where you set a standard unit to turn in degrees and when you press one of the buttons, it turns by that amount either way. I like that best, instead of keeping my button on the turn button. 2. I play almost daily. long-time gamer, since atari, kissed flatgaming goodbye for good. Nothing like being there in the game instead of just button-mashing since space invaders 3. in my living room 4. PSVR tracking is done by visible lights and if you turn your whole body, the light from the Moves in your hands will get blocked by your own body. Thus, true 360 tracking is hard to get. I prefer to just seat and play with what ahead of me in whole 180 and turn with turn buttons when needed... play area granted by the camera is also shorter than the ones in Vive and Oculus (if you got more than one sensor). and, most important, PS4 that powers PSVR is a 5 year old hardware. it can't handle much of current PC VR trends without some severe downgrades in assets detail, texture and screen resolution.
pukes of joy...
they're going after the same strategy that worked for Nintendo with wii and swiindie I think they'll be very succesful and rightly so
good for you, kids welcome to the fam
&gt; Something that will tough to do with limited HW capabilities. nintendo is doing fine with that as long as there are devs targetting your platform (because it's proven to be popular), it doesn't matter that other devs are targetting more robust hardware out there...
we're talking about selling limited hardware the way to sell limited hardware is the same for good hardware: good software. Good software does not equate "gobsmackingly great 4K sli-gpu donkeyass graphics"
Wtf! I heard the same story about the Eroica symphony!
Tried Rec Royall? why the downvotes? That rec room battle royale island is pretty big and I think it supports up to 16 players... pretty impressive numbers for PSVR
you'll be sorely missed
Can you believe it? This piece of steaming garbage is almost as good as AAA Borderlands if we go by ign or Roadtovr scores for the latter...
Not comparing, just asking why not give the players level of difficulty rather than driving down gameplay? That said, this is the opinion of veterans. Imo the game is challenging enough as is. It started very easy, but now it's getting quite hard, although I'm upgrading weapons, armor and skills
Skyrim is the least technically limited game on psvr, just saying
what game?
One of the reasons the game is notably wanted in VR is because of the well known multiple hand powers - like indeed bio shock! And then come the Aim nuts eager to shoot with their hands with their dammed rifle controller... what a sad bunch!
Look at the tags!
My ninja got tiny hands! perhaps related to height, as I'm playing seated. Yes, difficulty levels would be ideal
That's a nice anecdote I was never too prone and got my legs in about a week, but good to know people more prone to it can grow resistance too
Let's be frank: more like Sackboy disguised as Astro The physics for moving and jumping still looks to be the same from LBP
make sure you follow the instructions
Best answer Lol
I finished it. Plays alright with ds4, but for real aim with guns in your hands, its Move implementation sucks donkey.
seek help
coded for VR, let's take a moment to reflect on that allegation, shall we? It plays exactly as Doom always played. It uses same exact engine as last Doom. Its motion controls suck. It plays much better on ds4 because it's a flat game by heart with a very long tradition. It was only coded for VR probably because the whole Doom 2016 game on ps4 would be too much of a pain to port over, so they made a short experience based on it. Not so short, but also not much of a full game. And motion controls suck.
you are all autistic kids without a sense of humor, are you not?
yes, a whole good 4 hours, woo hoo srsly, dude. in 4 hours you accomplished pretty much nothing in Borderlands or any real game... get real but have fun with your head arm and your rifle controller
I used it a lot, but too little to call this a "VR game done from scratch" I'd vastly prefer actual aim with guns in my hands and a decent locomotion scheme, like BL proves is possible even with frantic shooters
I prefer big games with real meat than short VR experiences with novel mechanics. VR mechanics may not match the same level of native VR games, but it's good enough and being there is priceless so please, bring it on! join Skyrim, RE7, Dirt Rally, Borderlands 2 and others...
after Borderlands 2, I don't see why not. those hand powers just ask for VR and aiming guns while moving around and finishing enemies with my sword in Borderlands is priceless and so would in Bioshock
I knew it
dude, the damage is now done if it's just a VR patch for focking Forklift Simulator, it'll be the letdown of the year... why even mention Bioshock in the tags then?...
but "big surprise" can't be that, damn trolls!
LOLOLOL
your days are numbered, mouse headshooter
this is VR, dude. you're right there. there's nothing more depressing than being right there, an enemy coming right at you and instead of aiming your gun at his head and shooting, pressing a retarded button on a flat gamepad... get virtual
if they announce it now, it's for this xmas if not, for 2019 xmas
it's xmas!
both you have time, go grow your VR legs
let's get real here: it probably is just Forklift VR, because psvr just doesn't get all these big games at once and Borderlands was just released probably, who knows, next xmas edit: I hate to be right :(
textures are about the same as they were on the original PS3. I've been to that generation, I'm used to them. of course, any game in VR allows you to get your head real close to any object or texture, and that may quite annoy HD kids...
it has had notoriously bad control schemes, people here complain a lot but suddenly, it's quite a great game, 4 hours is long enough... guess disagreeing with me is more fun than acknowledging it's piss poor...
I don't see any game here, just a pointless arena gore simulator...
character designs were a bit on the cartoon side, but it's like Pixar "cartoons": cartoony looks, but very realistic shadings, lighting, materials... it were what brought Rapture to life
&gt; attacking guys with skulls by their name what does that mean?
&gt; since the Pachinko exclusive Metal Gear 3 remake oh man, I didn't even know about that one and I'm already disappointed!
Yes, it was surprising AF when I realized what happened xD
I don't even understand how I never tried this! I use to troll Astro when he's floating in space by hitting him with the controller in different directions, but never thought of doing that to enemies myself, just the usual headbutt when attacks are directed at me
fact is: Borderlands gives us a kick ass playing experience with substandard VR controllers, while Doom gives us a donkey ass playing experience with same controllers
btw, heard that remaster sucked...
as long as they use Borderlands controls instead of Doom
I enjoyed it very much back then. Totally faithful to classic B-movie aesthetics and fun, though repetitive, gameplay. loved the music and effects as well
they sure are
Wipeout is great, but it's futuristic anti-grav racing and I'm really jealous of full Project Cars 2 VR on pc... :/
you should have tried that with a different account
username checks out
PS V CONFIRMED
and what about the zero?
but that's roman numeral! and also a letter
triple A is going the way of the dodo, anyway
it's CIV o_0
I didn't say it isn't accurate, I said it's very obviously more physically demanding moving your whole arm than just flicking your thumb and it is, but it's also a blast btw, I was following a series of videos from 2012 showing gameplay flat up to the fight with Captain Flynt. I can't see exactly what got watered down from that, the guy seemed to go through the same troubles and amount of damage and enemies on screen as I did in VR... I can see we have no running button, but apart from that, perhaps some veterans here are remembering their second, tougher run with the game...
yes, but could be more if it had true 3D spatial sound. it seems to use regular stereo, like Skyrim
hell yeah! Much better the original than that recently-released shovelware clone
I played it some weeks ago pretty smooth, didn't have any issues. perhaps a bit of sound lag when going wild playing the skeleton Lol but we've been having some stuttering in Borderlands related to Moves - when I'm not using the moves (not walking), the jitter in the frame rate seems to stop and I'm pretty sure we had a system update the day before Borderlands released. perhaps it broke something? Because I've not played anything other than BL since then, and now I'm away from PSVR. anyone to investigate that?
perhaps it's a wake up call for Sony to see it makes no sense forcing companies into putting in default comfort options and damned teleport in a very frantic game that is all about moving fast and shooting
git gud
IGNorancia pura, compadre
yeah, I rarely feel like I'm playing a game when in VR, you feel just there living it
Hmm, speaking purely about reflections on puddles, they're better in Skyrim as are really stereoscopic reflections. In Borderlands they're just same texture reflected to both eyes...
Angry Birds with a slingshot in your own hands makes a lot more sense than those puzzle games And despite being a hallmark of casual mobile gaming, it's undeniably addictive, cute and a widely familiar franchise, now with both games, cartoons, toys and 2 big CG movies under its belt. It'll do lots of good to VR
I can't dance like that. And I'm a white guy...
It's a big franchise that transcended its original media long ago.
guy is full of BS, plain and simple
6 for one of the best frantic shooters ever, in VR? if they suck this much, they can suck my dick too
makes no sense to me head-aim in a VR game outside cockpit ones if they don't know how to play with one of the best Move implementations around for av frantic shooters, they should git gud before trying to review it
The Last Guardian VR demo And Falcon Age is coming
the mainstream is too busy fapping to 8-bit indies and blurry ports of old games on swiindie to notice VR
Borderlands 2
It's just IGNorant people annoyed at having to go through their annual vomit review of a tech they hate
they don't cite that people don't like dumb History rewriting?
Uncharted is dead. Creators left, those who remain at ND hate it, etc this is a flop in the making
It's good enough as long as you're within the play area. Once you get a bit away from it, you lose tracking, you get control drifting...
It's word of mouth, mostly. Someone you know has tried it and it's awesome it makes people excited to try it out. There's no other way, no mainstream publications decrying VR will do it, no videos on YouTube from rabid fans will do it...
don't miss ongoing sales on psn, best time to create a lib you might want to forget RE7 for now and get into VR with titles like Accounting+ or even Affected the Manor. Plenty of great free demos to try out
I have and it's quite a blast. It's kind of a mix between I Expect you to Die and Superhot. You're trying to get out of tight situations by doing the right things. Time is on your side, as it's slow, but you got to figure out what to do. There are several missions and mission areas. Shouldn't take long but I've been playing it in small sips. I'm doing the same with Astro Bot so it isn't over soon...
Mine for 2017 is Skyrim and for 2018 is Borderlands 2 Skyrim is still the best game on psvr, but BL is close enough
Pets are probably the number one cause of psvr issues around here. What you can do is lock them away from psvr
That hud is useless. Hopefully they fix it by following either Skyrim or Killing Floor Incursion lead on how to do VR hud. While they don't, just pause the action to look at the whole map
What could VR possibly add to a 3D game that wants to be a 2D illustration?
It kind of have a honeymoon phase - about 3 months where everything looks amazing, no matter how silly. I was giggling with each and every demo. Then, it just becomes routine marriage. Some try to cheat, others just divorce. That said, Skyrim, RE7, Borderlands 2, Astro Bot, Dirt Rally, Wipeout Omega Collection, Superhot, To the Top, In Death and a host of others should make your psvr as hot as ever...
In retrospective, I now regret having waiting a whole year to get one. Sure, by holidays 2017 it had a far better library than at launch and I was a hater back then, but it is a historical moment in gaming after all...
He'll love Rec Room. It's free, full of kids, has kid aesthetics and a whole lot of multiplayer games in it, including paintball, dodgeball, bowling, Rec royall, etc. Despite geared at kids, adults can have fun too. Their co-op Quests can be pretty mindblowing, like Island of Lost Skulls or Crescendo of the Blood Moon
if you plan to actually be there in VR and touch things, hold, manipulate, throw, swing, etc yes, they're an integral part of the experience if you plan to just be there and push buttons on a gamepad, then you don't need them
It's the most amazing graphics running on PSVR, along with Driveclub. If you're a laymen who prefers minecraft games with good resolution, I'll be glad to list all the graphical features that make them stand out
constant use is what grows resistance. If you're away for a few months, you have to grow resistance back besides, what have you played before? Superhot? Job Simulator? Those are stationary VR experiences. Games with locomotion in-game trigger motion sickness
They should call it the Power Glove
Surprise, muddafucka! It's motion sickness time! Seriously, yes, it comes back if away for long. I took some 2 months away from VR and when came back straight into Doom, it was instant nausea. had to grow resistance again
Dirt has great simulation, but lastgen graphics. At least it got some cool windshield effects
You just wouldn't be there in VR without 3D graphics. It's btw part of the reason why some games like Ark Park suck: they ditched 3D.
yeah, guess playing with a ds4 in one hand and a Move in another would be very awkward indeed
create an account for her in your ps4, measure her IPD in that account, make her use the headset from that account
it only gets worse!
Just don't force through it and go for real short sessions until your body get the hang of it. And try stationary titles first, like Accounting+ or Moss
You level up by taking quests, which are fun enough, sometimes even surprising, certainly not pure grind chore. But that's because Skyrim is new to me.
If you take your time, you can clearly tell the true enthusiasts from the astroturfers
Squishies, Konrad The Kitten, Arca's Path, Pierhead Arcade, Waddle Home, Unearthing Mars, Weeping Doll, etc... all shovelware crap
I was expecting to be turning the moves as if I got my hands on a wheel. Hope they change that, but more primordial is a HUD overhaul - straight fixed HUD is no deal in VR
Trickster
In 10 minutes you don't listen half the jokes, let alone unlocking secret levels. I don't think anyone suggested here it is a full game. It's an experience, damn fun one and great at acclimatizing VR noobs. People without a sense of humor should stay clear
The Last Guardian VR free demo
Totally. I also began respecting indies more thanks to it, as I've played plenty of fine ones I would not purchase otherwise by sheer ignorance. Thus, been in touch with further works from same devs
Lol I'm just too old
GTS VR mode is very limited: no races at all, just you driving alone in a track or doing time trials Your only true options are Dirt Rally + VR dlc and Driveclub VR. Both are fully featured racers, including multiplayer
yes, I loved MGS and played a couple of VR missions. Not sure they'd translate nicely into FP, but anyway. MGS is dead (had a nice closure in 4), Konami is dead. They could try a quick cash grab like that, like they did with ZOE MARS. You might try Volume, available on psn. It looks vaguely similar in concept
Same joke Chinese company responsible for the **static** wave shooter called "The Walker" LOL
A
have they implemented races at all in VR?
Disliked Wipeout. Thought Cold Iron fun... You're a corner case. Guess you won't like either. Try Weeping Doll
Frankly, my moves take a lot more time to need charging again than my ds4.
I think you nailed it, but mine would be a bit different: Borderlands 2, Astro Bot, Moss, Wipeout, Apex Construct, Sprint Vector, Detached, Transpose, Trickster, Crescendo of the Blood Moon (in Rec Room) I've not played Detached yet, but it's in my wishlist (as is Red Matter). I've played Sprint Vector and it wrecked me, but it is after all an innovative game with a locomotion system which gives us unparalleled motion freedom - for fitness fans, it's a must, but I wish that locomotion system would be combined with raw data combat for the ultimate VR ninja game The rest is a blast.
"3D reprojection" LOL all games made out of polygons using right stick to look around are ready candidates to VR. You just need to render from 2 virtual cameras slightly shifted to the sides from the standard one to get stereoscopic 3D and shift that right analog input to that of the headset. The stereoscopic rendering incurs into some performance penalty, but if pretty much all games are made already thinking in VR terms, that's a non-issue. The way I look at it, on next generation consoles VR will be a standard output device in the least, so you may choose to either party games on 4K screen or immerse yourself in games in a lower resolution with very high framerates. Motion control input may be standardized too, hopefully. I'm truly hopeful most big releases of not all will work with VR out of the box, no special patches needed. It's likely to become a standard in devkits.
You're making the mistake of equating resolution to graphics. Go may have higher resolution, but the graphics are equivalent to PS2 at best
Basically a listing for all psvr games, including shovelware crap
Wipeout Omega Collection
Yes, plays great and is co-op as well, up to 3 players in a session.
If Skyrim looks like shit, you might well give up VR
sounds like gratuitous astroturfing for a shallow game
On fucking gamepad. That cashgrab by konami doesn't even feature stereoscopic 3D
It's even worse: their company is leaving this bunch of pc lunatics behind by going with mobile VR. They're completely in rage by PSVR, Go and Quest
if you bought psvr to be a replacement for hd tv, you bought it for the wrong reason
hopefully kids are waking to the obvious fact that it is far more fun being a lone badass hero than being just another generic joe dying in an arena
analog sticks or not, Moves are psvr de facto VR controllers
You don't use Moves outside BS because you're the kind of guy who prefers playing Dick fucking Wilde with an Aim controller than taking 5 minutes of your life to learn to move around with a Move in Borderlands 2 or Skyrim that's entirely your loss
All good points. I'd not want head aim at all, but the zoomed screen should be real close to your eyes, not like they're on the tip of the gun
Are you playing with moves? If so, combat can be pretty physically demanding, specially melee upclose. You might want to go more strategic instead of just swinging a sword like crazy: use the bow when far away, spells when mid-range, melee to finalize, one on one, run away when needed. In any case, you pause a lot to go into menus and this also helps cooling down
Borderlands 2, Skyrim, Killing Floor Incursion, Rec Room, I Expect you to Die, Apex Construct, Blasters of the Universe, Trickster, In Death, Raw Data, Sprint Vector, Job Simulator, Accounting+, Dark Legion, etc. Oh, and BS too...
Oh, man. Those dungeons are really something in VR - atmospheric, dangerous. Very tense and upclose combat, adrenaline-pumping like you never get from a flat game... and also you gotta have an eye for traps... I really don't think you can miss them. The very first main Quest you get is inside Fallen Barrows. Face your fears, dude. Totally worth it. And soon you'll get an ally so you don't explore most alone...
Unlikely, but I really believe Ueda's next project will be a psvr exclusive.
and that's an improvement for any platformer ever made
Buy Racket Fury and compare
It's a great, but old game. And primarily single-player. You have more luck finding players in newer releases, in multiplayer titles
yes, Astro is pretty much the clearest. what about the other deal? Butter-smooth framerates, real 3D depth and volume? You feeling right there in the game? I think we got a lot of goodies by trading some resolution... That said, don't bother looking around with your eyes: borders of lenses are always blurry. Fix your gaze in the clear center and look around your surroundings by actually turning your neck
just play them all it's xmas time
that's the way of the ninja minimum wiggling
yes, fix your gaze at the center and look around by turning your neck
Whenever they leave the play area, they drift away. Don't leave the play area. You can't be too close nor too far away from the camera. Try to find the ideal spot, be sure the Moves are visible to the camera no matter how much you extend your arms
try Rec Room. There are coop quests and creation tools to make rooms and objects and also some game logic
Totally. It's an epic single-player VR shooter, just don't expect many players to play in co-op.
He was talking about the wii, though swiindie is not that different a strategy
Skeletons are always laughing
Grow your VR legs before tackling Doom.
Being inside the game made it worth 40 years of button-mashing flatgaming. just don't expect HD graphics cause we traded that for higher framerates and immersion
It's not an action game, just to be sure. But like Ico and Shadow of Colossus before, a fantastic adventure game
Does the idea of holding a gun in your own hand and actually aiming with it sounds gimmicky to you? Or flicking a thumbstick to move a crosshair around the screen is the real gimmick here? VR is you inside the game, using your own hands. That's as mindblowing as it can get. Psvr is the most comfortable headset around, it's well supported by Sony and 2019 already is more promising in games than 2018 and 2017 were. As long as you keep in mind we've traded resolution for immersion and butter-smooth framerates, you should have a jawdropping time with it. VR is not dying as flathead media wants it to, it just barely begun. PS V will probably treat VR as a standard display option - like TV resolution options - in the least.
Since then, walking became default everywhere, much to the chagrin of teleporters. There are teleport-only rooms
Rec Room is wholly awesome. Try the co-op quests as well, they're mindblowing. Weekly challenges are fun
none download Rec Room for free and have far more fun than with such boring shovelware
Easier to just take it easy and allow your body to get used to it in short sessions
Either grow VR legs before playing it or go teleport-only
Rec Room is kind of like a hidden gem from tge VR community. You know that they even staged a play of The Princess Bride? it has tons of games inside, including bowling, paintball, the quests...
2 quests have up to 4 players coop. Rec Royall is like 16 players and I think paintball is 4x4, lasertag too. Rec Room is awesome and totally free
Don't blame the game for your motion sickness. Grow your VR legs before trying games like Skyrim. I suggest at least a whole week off short sessions in games without much locomotion
Zelda or Mario?
Gamepads are going the way of the dodo. The future of control is a glove
You're 17? Be warned that VR right now is a kind of a throwback at pre-HD days, getting some of the fuzziness of crt TVs... enjoy the 3D immersion, the superior framerates, fix your gaze at the clear center and look around by turning your neck, not your eyes, or else you reach the blurry borders of the lenses
Move implementation here is top, I glad to say. It's same as Rec Room paintball, on steroids. Works very well for such a frantic shooter. I never played BL before, but there seems to be a quick recap of the first in the intro. Does a good job of explaining it
Pretty sure I checked yesterday morning when it was 88k and is now almost 89k...
In fact, in VR it ends up looking a lot like original Myst in terms of resolution and teleport locomotion with loading of new areas. LOL I was expecting for some upgrade to it, but none came. it's still fully playable flat though and a very good game regardless of VR shortcomings OP might also want to play The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. While not a puzzle game, it has some puzzles, a long story and is a series coming from the 90s too
Lol Nah. Few regulars, perhaps, but as soon as people buy psvr and are excited by it they subscribe. Most won't be posting here regularly, just as most don't do on /r/PS4, but the numbers add anyway. Good statistics
It's worth a lot more
yes, it's just you, dear 9m account
I tell that everyone, they don't believe me. SMO is more of the same, it's a supersized SM64 with barely any challenge at all. Astro is a honest fresh new look into a stale genre. It's about as exciting for being so new and in uncharted territory as SM64 eons ago. I'm lucky enough to have witnessed both revolutions firsthand.
What doesn't kill you only make you stronger
seek help
Wow, sounds almost like Eve Valkyrie
Lo
Most experience nausea and dizziness. It's just that it eventually goes away to most but some pathological cases - may take a few weeks of short sessions, but there you go
If you know Skyrim, at least you won't complain like I saw some kids calling it "blocky" Lol Being there is mindblowing. The real scale of those mountains, fortresses, trees, watching rivers flow upclose, the wild life... It's a breathtaking vista in my opinion, but others never seem to be able to see beyond the dusty pixels on their goggles...
You want more heavy hitters and yet don't plan to buy the few that come to it, namely Skyrim and Borderlands... Sony support is as good as consumers show interest for it
Perhaps the hue in that wall is getting the led lights messed up?
because it's a small virtual screen occupying a small portion of your 1080p display, thus lower resolution
There's RR lasertag, rec royall and their quests
Superhot is a great intro to VR Skyrim is the largest, deepest and best game on PSVR
I think kids never watched The Matrix
You mean you need to be in the right mood to be right there in VR holding virtual weapons in your hands but not when being right there holding a stupid gamepad, right?
No, you shouldn't. Please let someone enthusiastic for VR have it for that amazing price
It was about my situation: only went through a few of the initial quests in Special Edition until combat put me off. In VR though, it's frigging adrenaline-pumping with motion controls. Battling giant spiders, skeletons, dragons upclose by swinging a blade in your own hands is beyond amazing. Mind, you'll need to cope with Moves lack of analog sticks to move, but frankly, it's something you learn in 2 minutes and take a little while to get used to and really master, but it's totally playable. There's nothing on psvr as formidable as being right there in Tamriel. It's what VR was made for: to transport you completely to another world
Just some rhythm game
Looks even more shitty than BS itself
They would need to extend all the way to the elbow
I have that face as I look at his clothes
Had mine in about 1 week. Then again, all I played in that first week were just the demos in the demo disc, specially Battlezone I tried Skyrim too, but only teleport
You can play paintball together in Rec Room (except the Go guy)
That's awesome for our small, niche market. But I'm pretty sure /r/PS4 was about 1.2 million just awhile ago and is now almost 1.5 million. That's incredibly huge.
it would be, if you wouldn't mind even lower resolution and framerates
just tell me in how many different ways exactly is possible to slice boxes?
Ah, the famous detachment from the Matrix hangover...
Beat Saber to meat
I've watched it grow steadily from about 78k since BF sales at least. For a niche market, this is crazy growth
It was really atmospheric and reminiscent of Metroid. Unfortunately, pure linear level design is a far cry from Metroid
no, go shoot heads by clicking on them because having a gun in your hand will be too hard
cool. Now go back to your short indies while I finish Astro Bot and Borderlands 2
That's a great bundle. A traditional hardcore game enhanced with real aiming and upclose melee and a casual rhythm game for all ages and gamers
I'm impressed there are so many, specially considering immersing yourself in a game with one headset will always be essentially an individual experience. People on the couch may play along, but it won't be as fun as being the one (with the headset)
Grow your resistance to motion sickness before trying Scavenger's Odyssey again. It's well known not to be for VRgins
Skyrim on Pro. Sweeping fully explorable landscapes complete with grass, trees, flowing rivers, wildlife, several characters fighting it out on screen at once, weather effects, character models as detailed and often as hot as Lydia, a full day-night cycle including full shadow projection (particularly impressive around fireplaces), reflective metallic sheen, etc Either that or Driveclub, but DC is blurry and Skyrim is not (at least on Pro)
How is this not being crazily hyped here?? flatheads over at /r/PS4 think it's yet another remaster for them, but we should know better
tell dad to watch football you know the TV can be showing other channels while you play VR, right?
just what we need!
[it feels great](https://youtu.be/fUj8u7c7yOQ) I like being right in the action with melee upclose, but only later I learned the ninja is best used for sniping, not my favorite play style that said, sword only appears in your left hand when you swing your arm. On flat video you almost don't see it as you swing out fast, but you can definitely feel its effect. Shooting with right hand feels totally awesome too. There's a moment in the video where I clear the area and I'm going forward but I listen a door opening to my left and I quickly look over and start shooting sideways anyway, then finish with the sword. It just feels totally awesome, such frantic action...
You're aiming with your arm and pulling the trigger to shoot. Sounds pretty natural to me Compare that to moving a crosshair over a head by dragging it with the mouse and clicking... flatheads are living under the illusion their rustic flat button-pushing is superior to actually holding a gun...
they know VR really adds nothing to the 2D gameplay
it's a tech demo. In 2018. if they ever finish a game using the cool mechanics, fine
you can jump into Doom and finish it and still have plenty of gameplay left in BL and Skyrim
Tetris Effect is a great 2D game and a lousy VR game
a small step for a family...
that may explain why not Skyrim
I've heard someone with this "lazy eye" issue that he was weary of VR because he couldn't see 3D at movie theaters. Turned out he alleged he could see 3D just fine with PSVR.
It's instant vomit for you. resistance to motion sickness won't come freely just because you own a VR headset. You need to use it, subject yourself to games with motion in short sessions until you don't feel it anymore. And of course it's very frustrating trying to play a big game such as BL2 in short, 15 minute sessions max. Which is why it's probably a better idea to begin with something like paintball in Rec Room
no we aren't. Virtual Boy was hardly any more VR than Sega Master System's 3D goggles - and these were full color. Virtua Fighter and other arcades in the Virtua series were probably more important to VR today as they were some of the pioneers in 3D polygonal graphics still used today. The wii was important too when it brought motion controls into the picture. These were important steps into bringing forth VR to the masses, just as headtracking. For all purposes, this is really the first generation of VR to a mainstream audience, previously available only to researchers or as primitive arcade attractions
no problem, flathead. Just don't call that VR
no. Try playing atari, nes and ps1 games on crt tv instead
must be really sad knowing that even an addon to PS4 gets more quality exclusive content than your console of choice
you'll only perceptions change when you can actually aim, lasso or punch in RDR2 on Playstation V, currently running flat in early access.
Phil is taking risks purchasing studios? Surely not, because he just saw that Sony having purchased studios eons ago and making them produce quality exclusive content pays off! Perhaps they'll learn that about VR too
don't miss Farpoint either, dude
Half-Life VR is coming. It's rumored to be a high grade title with real native VR gameplay. I just hope they don't see it as just an ad for flat HL3. Why wake up such a mythic series out of hibernation just to sell the regular stuff. How they go full throttle for it: "wanna play HL3? Grab a VR headset" kinda like Sony did with Astro Bot but with far more punch
Have it and love it. It's a great mix of arcade and simulation, graphics are top despite the low resolution, cockpits incredibly detailed if you inspect closely. I don't bitch as much about the resolution because I've seen much worse in my gaming life That said, she needs to grow VR legs. If you want better simulation, Dirt Rally is the way to go. If you want pure arcade awesomeness, Wipeout Omega Collection is the best
It's well known that Valve is working on their own VR headset and have been working in 3 titles for it for quite awhile. There was a leak recently and it seems related to Valve. So, rumors and best guesses based on some facts
Moves are gun controllers. In fact, any weapon controllers, including the ninja's blade
It just got released. Still in my wishlist
if you've played the 2 largest games on psvr before, I don't think there's much to see here at all save for your mortgage
I go to /r/PSVR there's just not much news right now, as everyone is having a blast with what we got the year long worth of great games
Moves drifting away mean they're out of the play area, either too close or too far away from the camera. When the camera shows you, make sure both controllers are visible at all times, swing them around and ensure that.
It has? I heard their pirate NMS won xbox goty Lol
you'll only see true AAA support for VR on PS5 for 2019, I hope Oculus Quest is good enough and becomes popular and for psvr hope most of the pc ports promised are not canceled
50 hours without being bored fyi, GoW, AC Odyssey, RDR2 and Spider-Man all had their detractors saying it's repetitive and boring. I'm sorry, but the future is gearing up to be all about short matches in huge multiplayer arenas with tons of irrelevant collectibles by microtransactions...
did you check out the demons up close without danger in that database in the lab?
It's that way for any console
"classic games" for games released by the end of last generation, crossplay in cheap remasters in this one... but yeah, keep them coming. I'm now glad I didn't play Skyrim and Borderlands 7 years ago
yeah, can't wait to fish along with Cloud
ok, you're crazy
Hi, saw your VR post and checked your history. My daughter used to scream all the time when a baby. Just for the first days, though, as her pediatrician quickly realized her stomach wasn't fully formed yet and this gave her a burning stomach right after having milk, of course. He recommended mylanta, an anti-acid. And we all slept much better ever since. She's now in her 16s, no issues. Only took the medication while a baby. Hope you're alright now
that building chapter was so mind-blowing... and challenging!
too bad for you, it's one of the best native VR games out there. Great sense of presence, object manipulation, rather light graphics but very good looking artwork, intriguing story and a rarity in VR: actually challenging combat. Go ahead, get it now. indies don't have much budget at all, specially marketing. They usually promote in forums or twitter. some time ago, there was a huge debacle during Apex Legends launch because many people were buying Apex Construct thinking it was the "free" game. That was some free marketing but sadly brought its rating on Steam to low levels, despite being out for much longer than the other game.
Lol
have you ever been up there and thrust goes out and you begin lurching forward? gotta be one of the strongest sensations I've had in VR. I mean, totally realistic of course
&gt; the average PSVR owner is heavily supportive of the platform early adopters are always like that but I'm not buying just the bigger games. a lot of my money went into some awesomely experimental indies as well. This is an exciting time in an industry, to be this early and experimental - it pretty much like the early arcade era or the early 3D polygons era in the 90s, they're still experimenting with the form and controls to learn what works and what doesn't... I just want to be a part of it as I was back...
doesn't bother me nor the lousy cheater. let these poor souls have their lame fun
I predict [this is the only bit I'll be watching](https://uploadvr.com/upload-e3-vr-showcase-30-games/)
watch dogs gotta take a leak once in awhile
psvr will be supported - they can't yet reveal anything about the successor though I'm confident its 120Hz OLED display will get good use on PS5
verdade, tio
they are not clear on that point indeed I was actually expecting it to be the netflix of games
Yesterday I entered lured by the D-Day event, but I was alone surrounded by bots. Well, I shot some of them to warm up and soon another player joined, then another another... soon, we were having a lot of fun: https://youtu.be/r3F7AfX2qeE still a far cry from the sheer mayhem this game allows when 32 players are around, but still better than other multiplayer for psvr. If players prefer to wait in lobbies in broken games, that's entirely their problem edit: I wish Reggie allowed voices to be recorded. Rec Room uses Unity as well and allows this...
may came and went with no flyable planes...
yeah, clear brainwash cyborg women in the WWII battlefront
Mozart: you both write too many notes Emperor Franz: you too
phd :)
einaudi Lol
always impressive this dude great video. awesome finale Lol
you enjoy noise, I get it
Ninja Theory is now theirs and what's their next game? sure, yet another soyboy arena shooter...
srsly, so much crap
good idea! too bad a bit too early for me
he's trolling :)
by then, Miami in the 80s will be the old west
yes, it's awesome
all got burned by the fire wall
we might blame it on Disney but reality is that Lucas was already well into the "Hans did not shoot first" camp...
I'm more of a casual solo player, but I do tend to be supportive of guys in my team... yesterday I was in for about 2 hours. I started playing with just bots, but after 2 matches some guys began entering the game and soon there were more than 10 players, including some Firewall fans wanting more shooting action - one of them said he actually digs less players, because tension builds up. anyway, it was a very fun night. I even played some battle royale too, along with 2 others. This is so underrated. I hope this mode going free helps a lot this game getting more players
no time for shooting photos when you're shooting players maybe easier a capture from video?
people don't seem to get it: it is precisely the lower resolution textures and geometry that allow so many players at once and far larger maps than FW you either want intense, non-stop shooting action (HaD) or better looking graphics and far slower-paced shooting (FW) you can't have both on psvr
it was pretty action packed for the whole weekend
I've played Job Sim and it's a casualfeast with pointless gameplay. fun interactions, but that's about it this looks like a very constratined Job Sim in third person. I'm unlikely to ever bother VR needs real games and less minigame short experiences
tell him all real world massacre shootouts were the fault of demented flatties, not VR folks
just a word of advice on motion sickness and VR: it tends to go away I got motion sick in some games first time around. Doom is a sure bet barf simulator for any VRgin. But thing is: in about a week of short VR sessions, my body was ready. You get used to it and grow a tolerance. I can now run, jump, spin, fly, whatever for hours long VR sessions just a heads up. However, if people have motion sickness with TV games, unlikely to ever get used to VR
there's actually VR modes for that game. not the whole game though
I'm not buying racing games without VR anymore. makes no sense racing without actual 3D depth and just craning your neck to better get your bearings...
piano playing is not F-1 racing, despite what concert acrobats want you to believe. They don't sound better, they sound downright cartoony and indeed left a lasting impression on the classic cartoons trying to replicate their crazed renditions to classical music... tempo from back in the days was likely slower than our current understanding. [take a look at this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxedEQZ_BW0)
yes, this is one of my irks with this game. I think u/strangegames might want to look into how Rec Room streams all voices into video recording with PS4 share button - it too is built on Unity.
whoa! afaik, all competitions were men naked now I wonder how she managed
Driveclub VR also doesn't stream the voices and it's a Sony exclusive. I suspect RR does something outside the realm of PS4 specifics, perhaps some resource Unity provides...
woot! :) btw, I know the game is very, very cheap already, but missing sales like this Flash Sale is a missed opportunity of grabbing a few more fans in. even just a 20% discount might grab their interest... anyway, keep it up
I don't think I've shot you before. if I did, sorry!
ah, I remember you running the jeep over me LOL
not really for me but I quite enjoyed their previous Tiny Trax. good devs, good stuff
yes and it's a disaster
that's sad could be doing better things in bed... like VR porn!
waiting for flatties to piss on the "PS1" graphics
you can be a complete amoral gender-fluid android just like today
have you unlocked the "true ending" showing the game from the designer's perspective? Lol actually, it's unlockable very early on once you've figured the environmental puzzles...
[it kicks major butt as far as free interactive VR ads go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQqIecflUjE)
grass texture, finally!
yeah, Reggie is a fine programmer, but he needs an artist. Still, it's already a vast improvement over the original dolls... he also makes very fine maps, full of geographic variety, asymmetry, vantage points and opportunity for surprises
I frankly don't understand the title change. You'd expect such companies to want to keep names for the nostalgia factor... still, it's just a side-scroller, now with mobile phone graphics. srsly, back during the PS2 days I'd have my jaw in the floor, now I'm way beyond that
like all software these days, it's programmed for obsolescence it was quite snappy at the beginning, but they keep adding stability after stability until you're ready to move over to the new snappy device in town
That's about it for me too
me too, about grass
trying to hold less tighly the gun some speculate that rotational drifting occurs because the warmth of the hands mess with the gyroscopes in the controller. Whenever I start getting that, I relax my grip for it to cool off. seems to work to me...
if you only invited friends to your private match, they're all your friends
this was yesterday night. Just before car crashed into the tree, I jumped out, but my ride was still in the car! He screamed as the car flew off to the skies and then to the bottom of the ocean Lol Wish I was there, but I think the physics would not go bork had I not jumped out
Lol, yes please. Do it freely
well, there are actually more maps and, you know, graphics. Otoh, I can't climb onto roofs in FW, I can't drive vehicles, I can't surprise enemies from so many amazing spots as I can in DDay. And walking at a snail's pace is not for me, including the horrendous click L3 to "run"
why don't you go read a book, then?
good, a classy experimental game like this has no place in a console
and old and games rather than political manifestos
"and running in VR"
that's the kind of improvement I'm expecting to see on PS5. the same kind you get when you buy a faster gpu for your PC. but the kind of improvement I really want is VR support in all FPS and racing games. Note that 4K 60fps is the same kind of pixel fillrate you get in 1080p 120 stereoscopic fps - and that would be awesome on PSVR coupled with Aim controller. Consider PS4 mostly runs psvr games well below 1080p, often 720p or even lower...
o ministro nazi querendo calar o STF, quanto mais um bando de professores
ainda mais agora lucrando loucamente com o fascista
cry harder, dino
you know, I always said BS would be so much more engaging if it were enemies coming at you rather than boxes this might work. But still, a rhythm minigame will always be just a rhythm minigame
Resistance VR has been asked for over and over
black skin DLC
the future of gaming = buy yet more remasters, fools
&gt; players can choose between two graphics modes while playing: one focused on fidelity, and one focused on frame rate. wtf, is this for real? We still need to choose between one or the other in a console 7 years later?
if you had floppy dicks by then, can't even imagine how they're now
found it quite stylish I guess a small Chromecast is your idea of beauty in a consumer device?
I'm a fan of PlayStation and yet I was raving for Stadia, for the idea of a generalized streaming service for games. That was until it dawned on me that: 1) it isn't Netflix 2) it mostly isn't 4K they promised 3) most of the games are old indies and downright Android games meh
then wait 5 more years for the next Valve game
good mechanics in a shooter is shooting. Any VR game that puts a gun in your hand and allows you to shoot in any direction has good shooting mechanics. Now it only depends on content and action. That's why I loathe most VR physics playground games and prefer to just play a port from a flat game like Borderlands 2 - because VR folks waste too much time in irrelevant interactions and too few in the actual game.
it's a joke
I mean, between having several wives and just one, I'd go with the tasty traditional interpretation. Lol
Wow, even TESO is old. I was actually thinking about Skyrim itself Lol
&gt; Queria ver se te chamassem de nazista. é só responder: "se eu fosse nazista não te mandaria para uma câmera de gás pq você é muito feia"
estamos esperando cansarem dos porões de tortura e passarem para as câmeras de gás. Aí sim, eles vão ver só
both natural eye FOV and largest FOV headsets are blurry - but natural eye FOV won't be blurry anymore once you change focus to the blurry edge area, while largest headset FOV will still be and worse, distorted AF I don't think it's worth it while eye-tracking with foveated rendering is not here
try ginger, gingerchris but the way to develop tolerance is in very short sessions ending as soon as any symptoms start. Don't push through it. Playing just Job Sim or Superhot won't do it. I also fear many VR players are still too tied to TV gaming, where you sit there staring at a TV in front of you all day long. You look around in VR - in every direction and preferably in the direction you're heading into. just looking forward as you take a turn in car and the world turns around is sure to make your hurl...
I get the best of both worlds in Borderlands 2. no it doesn't have all the tiny irrelevant physical interactions with scenery props, nor physical-based melee and gun handling and no, neither matters when you're gunning down and punching tons of foes in superbly designed maps.
have a nice golfing weekend
reviews are those long lines of text between the other ads
wait until they get cancelled
TIL LGBT commies speak Chinese
IF and even ITV are even more niche and "gimmicky" than VR. never watched. Perhaps when they get past the metareferential phase "here's what IF is and what it can do" and just write a good story in the format like countless text IF have for the past 40 years
that suit meant empowerment
I like where this is going. Borderlands feeling. Btw, take a cue from Borderlands 2 VR: a crosshair projected onto surfaces is better than those stupid lasersights...
I'll be extremely disappointed with PS5 if this FPS and other FPS and racing games have no VR support whatsoever. that's all I need from PS5 powerful hardware...
another day 1 owner here who thought it was a great exploration game even during rough release what about space, man? One of the best parts (specially in VR) and it too got overhauled for the better. Any freighter yet? Have you stumbled upon any weird shit out there? full of goodies outside the exovehicles and base-building
became a fan after BL2 VR I thought it would be shallow, but it's thoroughly engaging and with great level design
procure um psiquiatra, portuga isso aqui é o inferno
Kkkkkk
Skyrim VR is top. I recommend Borderlands 2
is frame rate really that choppy or only the video capture?
nothing, given it's not one
shiny helmets are way easier to render than realistic faces
but for Quest 1 or 2? and does that mean the latest port of Skyrim?
FOV doesn't matter, graphics doesn't matter, big games doesn't matter, etc
please don't tell Nintendo or Oculus fans their mobile toys can't handle most games without massive downgrade, and some times even not that way
it's simple: you learn to read as you learn to play. Both progress at about the same rate. I'm talking about sightreading. You can [grasp the basics of musical notation in about half an hour](https://www.musictheory.net/lessons). That won't make you read a complex score any faster than a kid fresh into school would read Shakespeare - that's also why we don't begin playing Beethoven or Chopin, you begin reading and playing small minuets or even lesser starter songs. summing up: reading a score is the easy part, the difficult one is playing. You'll be reading Chopin scores in no time, knowing exactly what notes and chords and articulations are at work, but playing them is what takes years.
&gt; The Matrix would be amazing **in VR** on PS5 ftfy it is not 98 anymore. it's 2020 and actual fucking virtual reality is here and PS5 is designed itself after psvr. wake up and smell the coffee btw, I think Rocksteady will be behind this VR game
that's because Sonic is inherently a 2D game about moving a speedy blue ball around pinball table layouts... yes, he should never have left 2D. and yeah, guess Crash too is forever tied to tight corridors as well...
zoomer humor at its finest
if you pay Nintendo 60 bucks they allow you to play Zelda with that
to me it was back in 2017 already with psvr Skyrim bundle. I don't think gamers who never touched one and think it's a gimmick realize this, but VR is the largest generational jump forward in gaming since 2D to 3D in the mid 90s. VR is a real game-changer - and I mean for far more than just gaming, it'll change your perception of how lazily we became used to over 100 years of canned 2D flat entertainment simply because of technological constraints that are not here anymore. Hopefully, PS5 extra power will allow for a lot more FPS and racing games - 2 prime reasons for VR - to have a VR mode...
Phil may want to revise that, specially in light of yesterday's association with Facebook Gaming to handle their Mixer efforts. May well go with a Oculus headset for XseX as well... the power for handling VR is certainly there and once studios begin enabling VR mode in their games, the larger the playerbase, the better. besides, it's been noted that a lot of studios Microsoft acquired have past VR experience: https://twitter.com/benz145/status/1275184078304636928 heck, inXile's The Mage's Tale is on psvr and it was cool enough.
no, they sadly didn't yet. But I'm hoping for a State of Play for more on psvr compatibility - including full GT7, RE8 and older flatgames compatibility. psvr2 won't be here for awhile, but PS5 can render 1080p 120Hz with ease and that's as awesome as psvr1 can get, specially with big AAA current generation games...
psvr1 was in many ways better than headsets back then. heck, it had motion controllers and Oculus was still using an xbox gamepad, it has much better display and lenses than it and Vive... Sony is a console-maker, they understand that it is not hardware that matters, it's software. while new pcvr headsets get release every damn year with pointless incremental upgrades, Sony has been building one of the strongest libraries in VR land, both native VR original games, same indies and ports of big games by partner studios. meanwhile pcvr guys are upgrading headset every year to play mostly the same rough mods and small indies as ever...
for one game and a bunch of demos? Sony has more of both. can you jump in Alyx? punch enemies or use melee weapons? no, Alyx started back in 2016 and is very conservative in design, reflecting beliefs from back then. It shows exactly what's wrong with AAA in a fast moving new area such as VR: it gets quickly surpassed by indes, both by copying them (all of the mechanics in Alyx come from them) and by being quaint in comparison to the cutting edge (Boneworks, TWD Saints and Sinners) yeah, it has full length content and that AAA shine. and that's about it, neither being particular features of VR.
&gt; I'll only jump in if there'll be AAA open world you mean, like Skyrim, Borderlands 2, L.A. Noire or No Man's Sky?
psvr has real games and big ones to boot, not just fitness minigaming
you mean modern AAA OW. yes, that`s what I'm hoping PS5 affords to VR that said, VR is best when it puts you in the shoes of the game protagonist, not just as a cameraman. 3rd person is the hallmark of flat gaming, VR is not really about controlling characters with a gamepad
to put some historic context here for the sake of emo soyboys: racism and anti-semitism were popular, low wage working kids, smoking kids, cocaine was legal, kids by 13 were already considered adults and could marry (my grand grandmother was married by 13) &gt; Chaplin first seduced the actress when she was 15 and he was 35. she was old already. there you go. Insist that hitting on teenager girls was wrong or is the same as hitting underage kids. Virgin Mary was married to Joseph as well...
I don't get what kids see in this boring blocky game. Guess hanging out with friends and building Lego versions of Hogwarts is super epic gaming to this casual generation...
no, we need far more ports to bring in players. As awesome as some native VR games are, those are meaningless names to flatties...
game is all about your personal journey of discovery through the cosmos. I don't see the point of multiplayer too - it's there for kids too afraid of going on their own.
and the kids raised on this crap now want more games like it. It's bad for the market. Btw, same with the screaming FNAF kids
go play real games
the point is: you're doing it wrong. learning to play the piano is not painstakingly taking weeks to learn one hard piece way above your current technical level, then moving over to the next one it's acquiring technique through enough practice until learning such pieces is not that hard anymore. Once you have technique, playing any piece at that technical level goes effortlessly, almost sightreading. I suggest practice of arpeggios and going back to minuets and small Bach pieces to learn to play the piano... or you can just go back to your favorite YouTuber and learn to mimick his motions...
that's the spirit Btw, you don't learn arpeggios and then are done with them. It's a lifelong practice that does wonders for articulation and learning all nooks and crannies of the keyboard. Keep it up
that's not the point, kid. why should I even care about grinding endlessly to take on overpowered asslooking blocky skeletons when I could just be better off playing an actual good game? There's always a hope kids will eventually grow past stuff like Minecraft, clash of clans, animal crossing etc. But the sad truth is that there are Pokemon players out there in their 40s... :/
good, America for Americans
I found it funny that I went into a Miami mall and bought me an authentic Tommy Hilfiger t-shirt... Made in México! Lmao
Lol
handegg
FYI, we have 1700s people in early 1840s photos
I just want to ride one in VR.
those are common
dudes... the regular enterprise programmer doesn't even know you can define internal functions. They will have a nervous meltdown once they need to support legacy code full of pattern matching...
that's alright, they probably can't deal with your blatant soygayism and naiveté either
tl;dr: how to deal with sissy soyboys: just don't interact with them
racism = facts these kids can't really stand facts. That's why they pretend to be the other sex.
They all eat any crap. The very large population means they need to do it. Or just eventually resort to cannibalism.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-3335296/Hungry-mice-Horrific-moment-baby-rodents-dipped-sauce-eaten-ALIVE-Chinese-delicacy.html the fucking Asian assholes are as primitive as any irrational beast, despite the sauce
the closest to it is Blood and Truth on psvr
precisely digitally enhanced reality will just be called reality
funny is that the early stages of VR would begin just a year after you wrote this here's the state of VR: a reasonable amount of good native VR content mostly thanks to indies, some major ports like Skyrim that helped bring the player base to around some 9 million 6DoF VR players and new game consoles just in time to power new VR content to the masses...
but half blurry graphics in VR don't mean running at 480p. Even 1080p is pretty blurry because it's a screen zoomed up by lenses so pixels become enlarged. good VR begins at 4K per eye and that's still mostly an expensive pipe dream
how about they used AI to improve game AI?
holy crap Iron-Man and Dreams in the same month is too much for me. At least I already got me Dreams, woohoo! guess Borderlands and NMS will take a backseat. And unfortunately, Iron-Man as well...
let's be clear here: both PS4 and PS5 use the same AMD pc CPU and GPU architecture, only PS5 ones are faster. BC should not even be discussed, but taken for granted, just as a guy plugging a higher grade GPU into their pc knows it'll run all past games with better performance. older consoles used very alien chips, they need emulation. And I frankly don't care for ancient games...
Iron Man and Dreams VR in a single month. Is it Xmas?
I think most of the functionality will be equal. I mean, with Move controllers on TV it already feels like any VR creation tool out there, with a palette menu in one hand and the sculpting tool in the other and the sculpt right in front of you. That skillset sure is the same. I guess tutorials are about more rigid thermo limits and how to use controllers given so far you only use 1 Move to handle swords or such...
you want immersion? You want Moves - they are your hands in the virtual world with which you can pick up objects and directly interact with virtual environments. Being in VR with hands glued to a gamepad is kinda like going to Disney and only watching the attractions from afar.
