Okay but seriously, have you had a chance to go home and *really* spend some time with the friends from your high school class who never left? You'll go out and party and things will seem the same for a *little* while, but the more time you spend with them, the more you'll notice little things that are different. Even more to the point, in your second year of college, you'll meet some freshmen and probably end up friends with one or two, and then you'll really start to see it, when your friends who are actually younger than you seem older than your old high school mates.
Okay, I think you might be getting a little confused here. Nobody is suggesting that every high school senior *must* be more immature that every college freshman. Rather, the point is that, as a general rule, college students have more life experience and tend to be more mature overall than high school students. Which is true - college students have moved on to a new stage in life and high school students haven't yet made that step. If you were to meet a random new 18 year old on a blind date who is a college student, chances are that they'd be more mature than another random 18 year old who is a high school student. If you are a 22 year old college senior, that difference in maturity and life experience can really matter.
&gt;No no, not the rule Then don't claim it's not a minority? &gt;People who certainly could be working. This kinda suggests you don't even know what Section 8 is. You know not everyone living those units is on disability, right? A lot of people in Section 8 *are* working - just shit part-time jobs. A lot of them are trying to find work. A lot of them look at the bullshit that the honest residents have to deal with and go "Well fuck that, I'm going to deal drugs or turn tricks." Which, let's be honest, is a perfectly rational decision to make at that point. It's honestly absurd to pretend that these people are being particularly lazy or scammy. They're making a perfectly rational economic decision - getting a "real" job would result in a significant loss of income for many people in that situation. If you want these people to find jobs, maybe society should actually make it worthwhile to work.
&gt; I've addressed it many times No, you haven't. You just keep pretending that I'm suggesting an increase in maturity among college students a "magical" unexplained effect, but I've explained - *several times* - the very simple cause-and-effect of life experience leading to more maturity. You may disagree with that, but that's not what you've been saying - you've just been ignoring it completely. &gt;here's an argument to be made that it's more arbitrary, as age is actually a better indicator of lived experience, and . You surely can't think a 15 year old in college has more experience that would be relevant to whether or not sex with them would be creepy than a 22 year old who never went to college, it's absurd. Then it's a good thing we're not talking about 15-year-olds...? I never suggested that college attendance is the *only* indicator of maturity. My argument has been exclusively that two students of the same age will probably have a difference in maturity level if they've moved out to go to college. You're the only one making absurd leaps to apply the same logic to actual children. &gt;Even if it actually is less arbitrary, what I'm explaining is that it is still very arbitrary and there's no reason to pretend it actually means anything in general. I mean, by this logic, we can and should ignore any line that's even a little bit arbitrary... which follows that we can and should ignore the entirely arbitrary line of when a person is capable of giving sexual consent as an adult, which I'm 99% sure you're not arguing. You should consider the actual implications of your arguments before you make them. Literally all I'm saying here is that a lot of people don't see an 18yo HS student as meaningfully different from a 17yo high school student, and a 22yo college student having sex with a 17yo is, pretty much everyone agrees, really fucking gross. So a lot of people use college as their line, in large part because it's a better indicator of actual maturity - even if that maturity doesn't show up immediately, it's much more comfortable to think that the college student is almost certainly maturing at a faster rate overall and thus will catch up to his or her older SO's maturity level soon.
Kay but if she gets everything handed to her by her parents, that's on the parents for being helicopter-y, so it's still not super cool to laugh at her for not having an understanding of the real problems *they* never let her have.
What do you want me to say? I'm sorry you can't tell that an obvious opinion is obvious without someone explicitly saying as much. I'll remember to include a disclaimer on my future reddit comments in case I encounter someone else who can't tell that a discussion about something that must fundamentally be opinion by nature is, in fact, an opinion. This is about as stupid as someone throwing a fit because I explained why I like the colour blue without explicitly stating that it's an explanation of personal opinion and not a treatise on why everyone must like that colour and everyone else is wrong.
Look, I can't help if if you can't/won't read. If you think that's what's been said so far, even after re-reading the conversation, I can't help you. You need to have a basic grasp of reading comprehension in order to have a coherent conversation. I'm being generous in assuming that you're only mistaken and not actively twisting my words because you're that desperate to win - though your defensiveness and cranky downvotes aren't exactly doing you any favors on that front.
Lol you wanted to keep it civil, says the guy throwing around cranky downvotes XD Look, I have no doubt you think you're being gaslit, but you desperately need to learn the difference between a genuine difference in perspective and gaslighting. Throwing a tantrum about someone gaslighting you because they disagree is childish.
My husband is now officially done forever with that KDA song because he was doing some work in another room and I figured I would take that opportunity to try to perfect combo it by playing it like 10 times in a row without disturbing anyone else... except it turns out the volume was loud enough that he could hear it. Whoops. So yes, more songs please! Before repeat the same music again and driving my family to murder me.
I mean, we're also comparing federal loans with private ones, which are also fundamentally different. A federal loan for education shouldn't *require* collateral because the benefit of increased tax income is more than enough to counter any risks. Let's not pretend that the government needs that collateral to protect their investment. They don't.
Nobody is suggesting that this program was supposed to forgive all student loans though. Like you say this: &gt;It was intended to ensure that those entering public service professions - many of which require advanced degrees and therefore increased student loan debt - can afford to pursue those often low paying professions. But it's not doing that either, so I fail to see why you're talking like this is some kind of counter-point. This program is not doing the *only thing* it was supposed to do.
Let's not act like this is the complaint of a small percentage of people who didn't actually read the rules and lost out on qualification of obvious reasons. Less than a half a percent of applicants qualified. That's no longer just a case of people being unable to follow clear rules.
&gt; I want to hear them complain that they couldn't sell their home as a nest egg to a younger generation because student loans are fucking their prospects. That will never happen. They'll sell their homes to foreign investors first. I just had a big argument about this with my parents. They're selling their home and hoping to make a tidy profit on it, and my mom was *just* complaining about how I can't afford a house anywhere and how unfair it is. I asked her if she'd be willing to cut about 100k off the asking price of her house to sell it to me. Nope. I'm like "Yeah, that's why I can't afford a house. Because you're not the only one who sits there bemoaning my inability to buy a house while actively considering offers from people you *know* are buying as investments and not as homes." She was displeased with me, but what else did she expect?
Have valuable skills. Have good job. Still can't afford a house. Please stop pretending like arts degrees are the problem.
I don't think it's at all unreasonable for people to look at these numbers and reconsider entering the program. This isn't a kink, this is utter failure.
Precisely, so I'm not sure why you'd expect them to look at the program with consideration of whether or not it would end up costing them the least as compared to other student loan options. It won't - because that isn't the point.
I love that this is the answer everyone always throws out. "It's not a problem that half the major cities are completely out of your price range, because they other half are still reasonable? What? No, this isn't just deferring the problem until it becomes even bigger, definitely not." Also I'm not American. No, there actually aren't any affordable cities where I can both own a house and have a job.
1. I'm glad mortgages are affordable for you in your home city. There are a lot of places where they aren't, especially outside the US. I am not American. 2. It's not a problem in literally *every city in the country* yet, so you think it's acceptable to ignore the problem until it is? Awesome. I'm sure that's not going to backfire at aaaaall.... 3. I'm not suggesting that there isn't a cost to people getting degrees that are difficult to apply in their career. I'm saying that it's disingenuous in the extreme for you to pretend like that's the sole problem causing house markets to become so difficult to afford. Actually, it's disingenuous in the extreme for you to act like they're particularly related at all.
I love that you clearly got a sentence or two into the comment and got too bored to read the rest and replied anyway.
Your reading comprehension skills are truly astounding. Did you know that there's a difference between something saving you some money and something saving you the *most* money possible of all available options? Shocking that such a difference exists, I know.
"Here, I can make a list of cities which haven't yet been driven out of the price range of everyone but the very wealthiest people in the country, and I will use it as an excuse to pretend everything is fine." You know, there's no possible way this attitude will explode in your face in 10-15 years, right?
&gt;my answers address the later and you know it. It really doesn't, but okay. More to the point, you were the one who insisted I said something I didn't, so I'm here explaining what I actually said, and I'm not making a point about what you have and haven't addressed at all, which makes me a little confused again about what it is you *think* we're talking about. &gt;You're just being argumentative and snarky at this point. Yeah, I tend to get a little snarky when people don't even show me the basic decency of actually reading what I have to say before insisting that I'm wrong. What a surprise, right? Who'd have thought that willful ignorance and condescension would result in a negative response? :O &gt;If you want to believe that PSLF isn't a good option for anyone - have at it. It's hilarious that you're presenting it as *so* unreasonable to mistrust a program with a 99.5% failure rate.
The tax increase on vacant homes is actually something that's going into force in my area right now. People are so whiny about it, but it's already having a positive effect (not enough of one, but still) and it's only just started. After a few years of continued success, I'd like to see the government hike the rate a little more, after a few more tweaks. One problem is that it's too broad and the rate hike is catching cottages, which isn't necessary - cottages aren't homes, and nobody commutes into work from the cottage areas anyway, so their vacancy rates don't matter, and I don't want to see families driven from their cottages over a too-broad tax hike. Still, hopefully that won't be too hard to fix.
Suggesting that we all just assume everyone is always trying to be an asshole doesn't make it any less asshole-ish when it does happen.
Oh neat! I admit, I don't live in Ontario anymore, so I was just going off what I remembered from the last few times I was in a doctor's office when I did live there. I'm glad they made that change :)
We need a term like "alt-left" or something. These people are exactly like the alt-right - the whole point is to be exclusive and hateful and make their sad sorry in-group feel superior. They're exactly the same, they just use different window dressing. And speaking as a super liberal person, I kinda resent the fact that the right gets to distance themselves from their crazies by giving them another name. We should do that, too.
People don't pay attention to ratings. It's exactly the same reason people threw such a fit when they took their very young children to see Deadpool. "It's a superhero movie, therefore it must be for children!" Don't feel bad, though - most of these people are being willfully ignorant. The rest of the world *tries* to warn them, but they refused to listen. When I went to see Deadpool, the mom in line for tickets when I went in was bitching loudly at the poor ticket clerk because the clerk had *tried* to warn her that the movie wasn't rated as appropriate for her young children. She didn't listen, and we ended up in the same showing of the movie, where I was sitting several rows behind her. She gathered up her children and left near the beginning of the film, like, bitch, you were *told* this would happen and you refused to listen. When I worked at Gamestop, I can't even count the number of times I said something like "This game has violence, nudity and swearing, it might not be appropriate for your 6-year-old" and had the customer actually get *angry* at me for trying to warn them. Even better, I had *multiple* people come back to try to return the game later once they realized that, hey, this game has violence and nudity and swearing, and got pissy with me when I told them no.
&gt;It was fun to debate. You're not debating. "Your points are stupid because I said so" is not a valid argument in a debate. Literally every point you've made has been 'justified' by you saying "It's obvious why this is preposterous" and thinking that's good enough. It isn't. You're making a fool of yourself by making it look like you *can't* explain any of your positions.
Yeah, no, there totally don't exist *any* people who use liberal rhetoric as a cover for being hateful and exclusive. This *definitely never ever* happens *ever*, right?
Also: you should Google what "Poe's Law" is before having a fit about how you didn't mention it.
&gt;(your evidence of this is a Tumblr joke) If you cared to educate yourself on the matter even a little, you'd realize how absurdly, embarrassingly incorrect this is. Honestly, the fact that you're implying here that there doesn't actually exist any hate from the gay community towards the straight just suggests that you're in sufficient denial that I question the purpose of even continuing this conversation. If you cared at all to know, you already would. &gt;Homophobia has actual effects; it gets people kicked out of their homes, fired (perfectly legal to fire someone for being gay in 28 states), and in some cases, murdered. The oppression of gay people is legal and codified. Which is awful and I never actually said or even really implied that the gay community can or does to the same thing, so it's not really my fault you've decided to read what I said and choose to assume that I mean something completely different. I literally only observed that there are groups on both ends of the political spectrum which are largely equivalent in attitude, using only different verbage to pursue the same goal of justifying their own feelings of superiority. Because *that's factually true*. The rest of this is just shit you're angry about that you're spewing at me despite it having nothing to do with the conversation at hand. Funny story, I generally agree with your stance on systemic discrimination. You should reconsider the wisdom in alienating people who *agree with you* on these issues just because you want to leap to conclusions to justify your own outrage.
Yeah, it does. That's why I've explained myself. You know it's really hard to lie about a written conversation, hey?
Yeah that's what I'm thinking - the rest of the family is *so* not aware of this behaviour. I mean, if they are, then you'll find out real fast and realize that they're all horrifyingly awful human beings, but I'm willing to bet actual money that they aren't, and they'll be PISSED when they find out. I mean, I sure as fuck would be livid if someone tried to guilt another person - especially a student! - into giving me a more expensive Christmas gift. One, it isn't the money that matters, and two, I know super fucking well that I have more expendable income than some other people in my family and that that may mean that I end up spending more on them than they on me, and it wasn't that long ago that I was the one heavily budgeting gifts as a poor student. That's fine, 'cause IMO that's how it's *supposed* to be. You give what you're able. That's all.
&gt;Since pretty much anything anyone ever does has a chance of failure, right? So you just roll for everything. I definitely disagree with this. If the character can take their time or if the consequence of failure is "I try again" on repeat until they succeed, or really anything where the consequences of failure aren't actually meaningful, then no, I don't ask for a roll. This actually ends up coming up more often than you'd think, too, especially in more social roleplay; if the half-orc wants to seduce the barmaid after returning from an adventure, the question of whether failure has meaning depends on the context - if it's happening in passing, I'd probably just say they succeed and get on with it, but if they're actively roleplaying the tavern encounter, where there's a chance for her rebuke to result in some teasing or other RP shenanigans, then I might ask for a roll at that point. The problem, I think, lies in the way the PHB phrases it: "..that has a chance for failure" should probably read "...that has a *meaningful* chance for failure" instead.
I see this a lot in these threads, but honestly, I always feel the same - if you have a player like this at your table, the problem is not your rule, it's your player. If you don't allow them to abuse this, they *will* abuse something else, and it's never going to be fun until you deal appropriately with the core of the problem. Denying the good players an opportunity to do something fun because you have to corral a self-centered asshole isn't a great way to run a game, IMO.
I mean, that actually does follow men's and women's fashion trends, if you look at them the right way. The 'curls' on the male elf are longer and more side-swept while the ones on the female elf are shorter and straighter. They're bangs. Men tend to have longer ones that are pushed to the side (if you could call them bang at all) while women will often have shorter, more obvious fringe.
It can make technical sense without it and still not be precisely pointless. People - even little people who make toys in an imaginary place - still have genders.
I might be confused, but just to be clear, I'm of the impression that you're suggesting that any DM who might find a rule like this helpful must also be the sort of DM who would apply it inappropriately, because everyone else automatically already knows that they can apply a rule like this a little more sensibly without having to be told. Is that correct? Assuming I'm right about what you mean, I don't think that's true at all - posts like this are precisely how the latter group figures out that they can do stuff like this when appropriate. I think a lot of people are helped by these sorts of explicit explanations of what tools are available to them. It's a bit like someone who is a beginning builder, and who tends to default to screws and a screwdriver to assemble everything. Having someone else go "Hey so there's another option with hammer and nails, and they're pretty good for situations like X," would probably be helpful to such a person in remembering what broader selection of options are available to them in the moment and when it might be appropriate to apply them. It seems a little bizarre to assume that everyone who would be helped by the hammer suggestion would then immediately switch to using hammers all the time for everything, even when inappropriate to do so. Granted, *some* probably would do that, but again, I don't think that's the biggest problem faced by those particular builders (or GMs) anyway. A fundamental inability to understand what tool suits a situation is not really going to be fixed by trying to limit the tools available to them, not really.
Man. When I was 15 or 16 years old, I would have *loved* to receive something like this. It would have made my week.
When you have written evidence of money offered in exchange for services that was then denied, it's not really that far from a guaranteed win anymore. Small claims court and criminal court are *not at all* the same.
Wrong way 'round. OP's sister is being denied payment by a stranger, not OP. OP has the screens because the sister sent them.
&gt;collect beforehand You think people pay for trades work in full upfront? Fucking hilarious. Good luck with that. I also *love* that the details of your "obvious" solution changes every comment. Makes it seem real solid.
That implies sweetness and spiciness are mutually exclusive, but they aren't.
&gt;I hate this new definition the far left is pushing that racism has to come from a position of power. That's because *systemic* racism does come from a position of power. If the people in power are using the legal or social systems of the community to oppress people based on skin colour, that's systemically racist. The problem is that people take the basic idea of "White people aren't being systemically discriminated against in America" (which may be true or not, I'm not getting into that) and apply it too broadly and in the wrong way. It's basically just a bunch of idiots who can't apply logical rules properly because they never bothered to actually understand the rules underlying that statement in the first place. It might be true to say that white people *aren't* systemically discriminated against in the US, but that doesn't mean they *can't* be discriminated against elsewhere. Nor does this somehow magically mean that personal discrimination (as in a person being an asshole on the basis of race) somehow can't be committed against them - systemic and personal discrimination are not the same thing.
Systemic racism is the kind of racism that exists on a larger scale and tends to be perpetrated by institutions rather than individuals. The treatment of black people by police in the US is a fair example - any given police officer is probably not a racist, but the policing *system* is pretty racist. Another good example is education, especially since many of the examples of systemic racism in the US are sold as something else - nowhere in the tax code is it explicit that black schools get less funding, but the tax system is nonetheless designed to ensure that is and will remain true for the foreseeable future without significant change. There's nobody sitting around saying "Muahaha, all these black children will be denied textbooks!" but the effect is pretty much that, anyway.
&gt;If you can't point to what exactly needs to be changed, how can we change anything? There are people more educated than I on the matter who *are* pointing to things that need to be changed in the police system. I also note that you've completely ignored the education example - might that be because the change needed there is obvious and you're not interested in admitting that I might have a point? &gt;And you are claiming that. You say that the policing system is pretty racist. No, I'm not. This is the problem with these conversations. I say "systemic racism means X" in my first comment, and you continue the *entire* rest of the conversation acting like I mean Y. Your problem is not that you don't understand, it's that you *adamantly refuse* to actually use the proper definition of the term. When I say that the policing system is systemically racist, I am referring to the incredibly overwhelming statistical evidence of black citizens being treated differently by the entire legal system - they are accused more, the police use force against them more often (yes, even when controlling for aggression displayed and weapons present), they are arrested more, and they are treated more negatively once within the system.
There are a couple things that you can do here. First things first, you can layer the colour - just colour over the same area multiple times with the same colour. It will result in a darker overall shade, but doing this in different directions will generally result in a smoother field of colour overall. This is best done by applying a base layer, adding shadows with other markers, and then applying a second coat of your original colour again, because that'll help blend together your shadows as well. Second, you can apply one layer of colour, and then use the uncoloured marker, again applied in another direction. That should help as well, and won't result in a darker colour (though it might actually lighten it a little and can move the ink around a bit). It might also help to watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxA65qY3bko&amp;ab_channel=DrawwithJazza A lot of that video is about what markers to start with, so that's not *too* helpful for you, but he also shows how to use them, and following his method of application should help you to reduce streaking as well. It's mostly just what I listed here, but seeing it in action is probably more helpful - especially the way he shows how to blend the skintones on the cute little character he does at the end (starting at about the 15:00 mark).
All of Jazza's videos are great, so I definitely recommend watching more if you find that helpful :)
Have you tried looking in r/ABraThatFits? They won't be able to provide recommendations for local places, but they do have some pretty extensive options for ordering online (with full return policies, since obviously you're going to want to try several sizes/styles) which have much, much wider varieties of bras. Ordering online is actually a pretty easy way to do it, as long as you're okay with sending some back. I recommend buying a bunch, in several sizes, and then return all but the 2 or 3 best fits. Otherwise, I've had good luck going to Nordstrom in Vancouver. Making your way to the mainland is obviously not a good idea *just* to go bra shopping, but if you find yourself there for other reasons, stop by and see what they have! They're much less expensive than the boutique bra shops, and they carry much wider size ranges La Senza or VS.
In an individual level, absolutely, but the actual reality is that only the right has enough people adhering to that level of ignorance for it to actually matter on a large scale. It's disingenuous to act like both sides are creating a similar problem - the left has an extremely few crazy people who mostly stick to tumblr, while the right's insanity is a full and powerful *voting bloc.* Don't pretend those are equivalent.
Yeeah but there are a lot of other reasons to cry that go beyond "my family member died" and "I just broke up with my SO." Like... what if you just got fired and you suddenly can't make rent? What if, as a student, you just absolutely *bombed* one of your exams and you're afraid for your academic future? Just 'cause it's not likely to be a death in the family doesn't make it makes sense to immediately leap to another, specific conclusion. In my experience, if someone is crying, there's less than a 50/50 chance that it's over romantic problems.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking too. I'm glad it's just companies struggling to figure out how to pander most effectively :P
&gt;SOME critics appear to take issue with the fact Dark Fate has women taking center stage, from Mackenzie Davis' Terminator to Natalie Reyes' Dani Ramos to the return of Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor. Accusations of it being woke, of it being feminist propaganda and I'm confused because what do these critics conceive as feminist propaganda? Anything that portrays women in any position of power or independence. I'm not joking. The people who throw hissy fits about "feminist propaganda" in movies are honestly and largely the same people who believe that women need to "know their place" in the world, who advocate the idea that unemployment is caused entirely by women entering the workforce, and who think that martial rape isn't a thing. They find it personally offensive to portray women in any position that suggests women are actual human beings capable of handling their own problems. It's a comparatively rare stance to take, but it seems more common than it is *because* it's so incendiary. The reality is that there aren't that many critics who say shit like this, but those who do get an out-sized voice because we *fucking love controversy and outrage.* One critic who throws a fit about who Terminator has been "taken over by the SJWs" is going to get ten times more clicks than the next 100 more reasonable critics are gonna get combined. It's like that dude who tried to organize a boycott against Mad Max: Fury Road for being feminist propaganda. I mean, it *did* end up having a comparatively strong feminist message, but nobody knew that at the time - his problem was literally just that Furiosa seemed like a more important character than Max, based on the trailer. It was one dude throwing a childish tantrum about feminists, the boycott obviously didn't do shit, and yet somehow it was being reported on not just by *every* goddamn internet movie blog in existence, but even *the mainstream television media* was doing stories on this asshole, talking about how *the entire internet* wants to boycott the movie.
You are, but if you're going to display intentional and belligerent ignorance about the thing you're spouting an opinion about, then whining about being criticized for that opinion is hilariously stupid.
FYI, go for lunch. They make a certain amount of noodles every morning, and they close when they run out for the day. This sometimes happens quite early in the day, if it's busy.
Oh yeah, I meant new. If you can get a nice used one at a good discount, obviously do that :D
Honestly, I can't say for sure, but I can definitely tell you what it was like for me, because I had a similar experience after graduating. For me, the change in lifestyle wasn't sudden. I mean, sure, I immediately moved into a place that was almost double the rent (I actually was required to move, since the place I was living before was subsidized and required that tenants earn under a certain amount of money), but other than that, my lifestyle didn't change overnight. I continue to eat a lot of beans and rice, I continued to do the same things with my time. I mean, in a lot of ways, that's *still* true - my grocery bills look much the same as they did back then, with a few more fresh vegetables and the occasional treat, and my hobbies have hardly changed at all. I'm glad I did it this way, too, because I was pretty flush with cash for a while and it meant that I could dump money into my student debt well above what my actual payments were supposed to be. It took *years* for my spending to even remotely catch up to my new income. I've basically just reached that point in probably the past year or so. That's why I'm starting to take a serious look at my spending habits, actually - because I think I've probably reached that point of saturation, and I very much expect that there are certain things I regularly buy that don't provide enough benefit to justify the cost.
Well, I know what subs I'll never go to, then. Not that the advice there is bad - I'm sure it's fine. But if they're all as smug and condescending as you are, it doesn't matter how good the advice is. It will never be worth having to spend time with people *this* insufferable.
I'm not gonna lie, I want to try the Holika stuff based 110% on the hilarious package XD
I mean, you say that, but the actual problem there wasn't communism. It was famine caused by Mao's inability to understand ecology and irrational hatred of sparrows. I'm not really suggesting that this means communism is a great idea, but it's probably best to make sure you're laying blame where it actually belongs.
Absolutely, and like I said, this isn't intended to be a defense of communism, but... well, considering that purges are a thing, it's not like communism needs us to *lie* about its problems in order to convince most rational people that it's a bad idea. It does that well enough with facts. Trying to blame it for stuff that can't be accurately traced to communism is just going to undermine the more valid arguments against it.
Okay, but that's like saying that democracy easily allows for misuse that leads to other countries attempting to control the outcome of elections. *Technically* accurate - Russia did, after all, manipulate the outcome of the American elections - but to imply that it's a necessary or even particularly common outcome of the system is still misleading in the extreme. Yes, communism is bad and can lead to bad things - including famine. But, in this specific instance, the famine was caused by an absurd attempt to kill all the sparrows in China, which is clearly *not* a normal outcome of communism. Especially since I do think it's *entirely* fair to suggest that the famines normally caused by communism are not normally of the absolutely insane scale of the specific famine being discussed. Don't forget - the original argument here basically boils down to "communism kills the most people and so it is bad" but the specific example being used to justify saying that communism kills the most people is an example that is not exactly related to communism - it could have happened in any authoritarian country.
&gt;even when it starts as, uses, and represents all communist beliefs. I'd love for you to explain how "sparrow holocaust" represents all communist beliefs, if you could.
So then... don't ask? If someone doesn't want to hear about my diet choices, maybe they shouldn't ask me why I'm not eating meat.
Agreed, but I think it still "counts" as cultural appropriation because, regardless of whether they mean it to or not, going "I don't know what this means, I just think it looks cool" implies that they couldn't even be assed to find out. Like, dude, you literally have the entirety of human knowledge in your pocket *right now* and you couldn't bother to spend 2 minutes googling the headdress to find out what it is first? That lack of effort doesn't exactly scream respect for indigenous cultures, ya know? Like... at least Google it to make sure you're not partying in what's supposed to be a somber funerary outfit, right?
You do. Sit down and try to be empathetic for a minute. Think about whether it makes sense to wear what you're wearing in the context that you're wearing it. Don't be that dickhead who wears an outfit reserved for the funeral of the honoured dead to a festival. Go find something that is *for* partying (or at least isn't explicitly for *not* partying). Don't wear something that serves as a mark of specific respected status if you don't have an actual claim to that status. Don't wear clothing that means something that wouldn't be appropriate in the context in which you plan to wear it. It's usually pretty easy to figure out whether it's sensible and respectful to wear something to a party once you know what it is.
&gt;I think embracing and learning about other cultures is great But if you wear something without knowing what it is (and chances are, if you're wearing something absurdly inappropriate for a festival, you don't know what it is) then you're *not* embracing and learning about other cultures. You're just picking out a pretty thing without any interest in the culture surrounding it. Literally, "I don't give a fuck what it is and what it means to you, it's shiny and I want it."
I agreed, but I think that's a bit different from your original comment, simply because I do think it's possible to be disrespectful without being mean-spirited about it. To me, the term "mean-spirited" implies that they're doing it to intentionally show disrespect to the culture, whereas I still think it's unacceptable if you do something without *intending* to be disrespectful, just out of ignorance. The fact is that we all have the ability to find out anything at any moment, so ignorance of just isn't an excuse any longer.
Really? Because if you actually, literally only hear about them for 3 days in your entire life, I'm not sure I believe that feathers in someone's hair are going to help.
Well, at least you've managed to pick one logically consistent position, finally. Because either you care about the preservation of culture, in which case "just let white girls wear feathers" is a laughably stupid solution, or you don't, in which case it doesn't matter if the only access to Native culture is white girls wearing feathers. Clearly, you're inclined towards the latter.
&gt;That has literally nothing to do with appreciating other cultures. That is *super* not what your original comment says, man. Like, if you wanna change your position, that's fine, but at least admit that's what you're doing :P
Most of them aren't *trying* to convince me. They flip out at me for shoving my beliefs down their throat. I've literally never met an actually preachy vegan, but I can't even count the number of meat-eaters who have decided that saying "I'm vegetarian" counts as preaching. I mean, you can talk about how it's not cool to shame someone all you want, but it seems like meat-eaters are way more likely to project shaming behaviour where none exists than they are to actually be shamed. And in the rare instance they *do* try to convince me or something, it might help if any of them were factually correct, but they're not. They all just spout bullshit about protein. I'm cool with it if someone disagrees with me, but don't insult my intelligence by assuming you've thought of a problem with my diet in two seconds that I haven't considered in a decade, please and thank you.
&gt;Is it cultural appropriation if anyone not white drives a car? You should probably sit down and try to puzzle out the difference between technology and cultural symbolism before you engage in conversations that take the understanding of that difference as a given.
&gt;I've had to distance myself from almost every transgender and homosexual friend and co-worker I've had. Are you sure you have? How do you know you don't have trans or homosexual friends who just haven't bothered to tell you that they're trans/homosexual? You're just *assuming* that the people around you are non-LGBTQ unless they explicitly say otherwise. Seems a lot like selection bias, to me.
&gt;Destroying human civilization? Really? This isn't hyperbole? He does seem to put his own ego ahead of the security of the country on a pretty consistent basis so... no, I don't actually think it's *that* hyperbolic. She's not saying he *will* destroy civilization, she's just observing that he has a higher chance of doing so than anyone with that level of power probably should.
OH MY GOD. I have something that looks EXACTLY like this on my upper arms and my shitty doctor keeps telling me that it's nothing and I can't treat it because there's nothing to treat. I've been trying to figure out what to do on my own but it's so hard when I don't know what it's called. I AM SO GOING TO TRY THIS. I'm so pleased to have something to try :D :D :D
&gt;This comment is quite literally what he was complaining about though, isn't it? In what way? &gt;Every normal person wants to be casual with friends, no need for bragging about your sexuality every single day in for example work environment. That's exactly what I'm saying. Not all homosexual people are "abnormal" in the sense that they want to talk about their sexuality all the time. To assume that all homosexual people do this because the ones who talk about it are the only ones you *know about* is a fallacious assumption. Let's say you have 10 coworkers. Of those, 3 are homosexual. Only 1 of those homosexuals talks about his sexuality on the regular. The other 2 are silent, and you don't know their sexuality, so you just assume that they're straight. This leaves you assuming you have 9 straight coworkers who behave like normal professionals, and 1 homosexual coworker who behaves in an unprofessional manner. However, that assumption is incorrect, because you have 2 professional homosexual coworkers. You have just incorrectly *assumed* that they're straight. This is a form of selection bias - you're "selecting" your pool of homosexual friends to judge based on those who have *told* you their homosexual which - surprise! - leads you to believe that homosexual people talk about their sexuality more often. This is an incorrect assumption that arises from the inappropriate manner in which you've selected your based pool of homosexuals upon which to build this idea, rather than accurately reflecting the reality of the situation. I'm confused about how you think I'm 'biased' for pointing this out. &gt; That's not invalidating you or anybody else, it's his experience, what's he supposed to do with it other then act accordingly? I'm not sure what you think I'm trying to say, again. I never suggested anyone's experience is invalid. I'm just pointing out that this experience has led to a fallacious assumption about homosexuals that almost certainly isn't accurate. I also haven't said anything about how anyone should act.
If you want it to work like a deposit, it'll be a lot more than $20.
I mean, it basically is. The Nazi's aren't even a tiny bit socialist. They're the opposite of socialists. They literally just took on the name because socialism was popular in Germany at the time, and they wanted to merge their small party with the bigger socialist party. Which they did. And then they proceeded to murder all the high-ranking socialists because - shocker - socialists aren't actually fascist and didn't adhere to what the Nazi ideology actually turned out to be.
No, he's alt-right because despite the fact that it's laughably, stupidly obvious that this is satire, he chose to take it seriously because he serves his desire to stir up outrage and moral panic about a problem that doesn't actually exist. Get it now?
Mkay, sweetie. If it hurts your precious feelings to accept that gender a social construct and not a biological fact, then pick another word. Yublik. There. Now yublik is the word for the social construct of behaviours, appearance and interaction that are often but not always matched with that person's sex. Now we can talk about how changing your yublik doesn't hurt anyone, right? I mean, it's sad and pitiful that you need me to make up another word for you, because you're too sensitive to handle the use of the one we have for this exact thing, but if that's what's necessary, then I'll try to help you deal with your precious feelings by picking something else. Better? :)
Cuuuuute! Might wanna blank out the names, though. The internet isn't always a nice place.
Sure, because *so many* left-wingers are this eager to get offended about trans people, right?
I'm sure it would be crazy if that were actually happening, but it's not. Do you actually not get why transphobic people would be FAR more inclined to assume this is real?
My buddy ran a toon in GW2 who looked *exactly* like the pink knight in the last panel. He was a Norn Guardian who wore all bubblegum pink armor, and his primary weapon was a wand with a big sparkly star on the end that shot sparkles. It was absolutely fantastic.
&gt;If they say anything about Anthem, people will say EA is going to shut them down before DA4 comes out (which is also absurd). Why is this absurd? There's a really good reason EA has a reputation for buying and killing studios. At the moment, it would be entirely within EA's normal behaviour to look at the loss of player trust in the studio and decide that killing it and buying a new darling would cost them less than trying to rebuild that lost trust. Granted, I don't think it's in their best interest to do that *yet*, and I don't think they'll do it right away (I think they'll wait to see the response to DA4, and kill Bioware entirely if it's not a total redemption story for them in the weeks following release), but it's not exactly as absurd an idea as you're suggesting.
Which actually just makes it worse than a TMI, I think. This isn't someone with a lack of social grace accidentally saying too much on social media. This is someone actively getting off on involving unconsenting strangers in her sex life. That's fucked up.
I fail to see how those things are mutually exclusive. The statue can be an ad and a cute opportunity for a photo. The cool thing about public works like this is that it doesn't really matter what the intended message was - it *was* supposed to be a calculating attempt to capitalize on feminist iconography for the sake of advertising, but few people know what it's advertising and fewer people care, leaving it as a symbol upon which you can project your own message. Maybe it was an ad. So what? Do you get similarly judgmental about people running around wearing Nike logos? People pay hundreds of dollars for the "opportunity" to wear ads that announce their corporate allegiance, but it's the photo of a child with a statue that has no apparent corporate connotations which you seem to find more deserving of judgment? Why?
&gt;Because the game has been announced, budgeted for, etc. While I don't generally credit EA with an abundance of sense, this is just sunk-cost fallacy. If they don't have anything worth selling, cutting their losses now is more fiscally responsible than working on it for another few years and releasing something that won't recover the cost of that additional development. &gt;Also, while Anthem is performing below expectations, it was BioWare’s second best launch ever. Ehhhhh, it is *extremely* misleading to talk about a game-as-service in terms only of it's launch sale numbers. The player retention of Anthem is among the worst of any AAA game *ever*. It was worse than FO76 was. And it doesn't actually look like they're fixing it - they had a roadmap that was promising, and failed to deliver on almost *all* of the content they promised to release in the first few months, so, instead of trying to fix it, they just removed dates and content from the roadmap. And regardless of the content being released, the loot system is still fundamentally broken in a *looter-shooter*. That's a big deal, and while there is significant evidence that they're *trying* to fix it, it's not guaranteed that they'll pull it off. And I know it sounds super negative, but I do actually hope they fix everything and Anthem becomes an amazing redemption story for them that builds up into something great, because I actually really liked the core gameplay loop when I played. I was really excited for it when it came out. But it's waaaay too shallow and lacks the thought into the long-term reward systems necessary to keep a game like that going for an extended period of time. If you don't *want* to play it for an extended period of time, then I don't suppose there's a problem - a lot of the gameplay is quite a lot of fun while you're leveling. The story is okay - it's not exactly as robust as most Bioware games, but given the design of the game, nobody should have expected that. But once you hit cap, the endgame is *terrible.* And whether or not you're personally interested in the end-game grind, the reality is that the game was design and sold as a grindy looter-shooter, and it sucks and being that exact thing. It's great if some people could find some fun in part of it, but it still failed at being what it was *supposed* to be. I mean, it's not surprising - they're competing in the same genre as Destiny, but they're relative newcomers to the online GaaS space and they *weren't allowed* to learn from their predecessors in the genre. It doesn't exactly spark hope that they'll be able to do the much, *much* harder job of fixing a badly designed game after release. &gt;From the sounds of it, Fallout 76 has started to turn things around after a crummy launch Er, where are you hearing that? Best I've heard is that Bethesda is pretending things are turning around against actual evidence to the contrary.
&gt;**Whataboutism** (also known as whataboutery) is a variant of the tu quoque logical fallacy that attempts to discredit an opponent's position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly refuting or disproving their argument That's why the first half of the comment is there - to directly refute the point. Next time, I recommend considering the comment as a *whole*, rather than getting salty about whichever bits and pieces of it are easiest to discard without context :)
People in need get access to necessities, forgetting a tampon at home isn't a horrifying experience, and nobody's stuck free-bleeding in public places as a health hazard. Win-win-win.
This. It only just occurred to me that you don't, in fact, need to be facing the TV to play. It seems intuitive to do so, but it's not actually *required*. Put the camera in whatever direction would get you the space you require, TV be damned.
Pretty sure the *first two* are under 18.
&gt;You don't know anything about that guy's opinion on corporate logos You're right, I don't. If he's actually one of the .001% of people who actively calls out any instance of people wearing logos, I would happily apologize for my incorrect assumptions. But I'm happy with the statistical likelihood that I'm right, largely because even if he *is* one of the extremely rare people who stands against logos in clothing and accessories, the vast majority of people don't, so the general point is still entirely valid. &gt;So that last paragraph was included for what purpose? It's there because, given that almost guaranteed likelihood that he's not consistently against any form of corporate-imagery-as-art, then there's a reason that he's calling out this specific statue as problematic. And despite his claims otherwise, it isn't because she's an ad - if that were the case, then he would be against all such advertising. But, again, it's nearly certain that he isn't. So why this one? It's popular to hate on this *specific* instance of advertising, and the reason for that popularity is hidden behind people pretending they have a general distaste for advertising in general that they clearly don't actually have. I want to know why a little girl is so offensive to him when he doesn't care about other, far more unpleasant and egregious examples of what he *claims* is the problem, here. If you wanna bitch about how someone else isn't allowed to have a harmless and positive experience, you're *goddamn right* you better be able to justify it. &gt; For instance, a naive person might be inspired by the majesty of one of those massive Confederate statues, oblivious to the reason for their existence; notwithstanding their own inspiration, it would still be important for them to know why the artist created the statue. Why? The only problem with the Confederate statues is that we *do* know who they are, and we *do* know why their celebrated. And, in that knowledge, it hurts people, particularly the black community, to celebrate those who fought for slavery. In this case, that knowledge is important because that history shouldn't be forgotten, lest we repeat it. But if that knowledge *wasn't* valuable and worth preserving? If we *did* forget who those men were and they became random fantasy images of dudes on horses with funny beards? The no, it wouldn't be important at all. Literally the *only* reason it's important to know why they were created is because of their historical context. The knowledge of who made those statues and why is, in and of itself, valuable because of what that knowledge actually is. If it wasn't valuable on its own merits, then it wouldn't be valuable as context for a statue, either. So then, what is the value of knowing that a statue of a little girl was built by a hedge fund? What damage does it do anyone to forget or ignore that?
&gt;A better comparison would be to current corporate astroturfing-- like all of the companies that suddenly became rainbow warriors this month --and many people do indeed find that distasteful. Okay then. Let's use the recent Gilette ad about a trans-man's first shave. Please explain to me how it's your job to tell the people (especially the trans people) who like that ad that they're not allowed to find something positive and reassuring in the message of that ad, despite the source. &gt;It is important to know why things exist outside of your own reason for their existence. It's often important to know the "why" of something because the answer to that question is, in itself, valuable. But if it isn't, then what makes it important? "Because it's important" is not actually a sufficient answer. *Why* is that knowledge valuable?
&gt; Corporate whores being bamboozled into buying more razors. So the negative impact here comes from the fact that it's a clear ad, then. Which the defiant girl is not - it's not even remotely apparent that it's selling something other than a feminist message. So you've yet to actually provide any reason to believe there's any problem with that statue whatsoever. &gt;People can apply whatever meaning to whatever they want, but they should know the reason for the art's existence outside of their inner world. This conversation boils down to: "Why is this important?" "Because it's important." "But *why* is it important?" "Because it's important!" So.... are you actually able to present any justification for this position beyond "Because I said so" or what? It's all just been "They should know because they should know" this entire time. Forgive me if I don't find that convincing in the slightest.
Translation: I went home after D&amp;D with a stiffy and rubbed one out in the shower imagining a blonde girl with improbably large breasts giving me a blowjob.
Aquaman. The plot of that film is already basically the plot of a video game, complete with colour-coded fodder enemies, boss battles, and QTEs. It's basically just Uncharted with more melee-focused combat and a little more water.
Maybe a safe, long-term FWB situation would work, then?
Oh yeah, definitely not trying to imply that there isn't also *pleeeeenty* of that. There is. But then again, that's also true of YA, too.
&gt;Maybe it's because I'm from a conservative state (although I hung out mostly with liberal people still) and joined the military (which skews conservative), but I have never met an SJW in person. I have however ran into many anti-SJW edgelords. I think this is actually a *serious* problem with the internet in general that people badly underestimate. We intentionally expose ourselves to an insane minority opinion because it's fun to be outraged, and we all *think* that we're totally aware that it's just a small minority, but the reality is that the exposure seeps into our consciousness and affects our perception of the real world. *Toooons* of people have the same experience you did, where there's this attitude that the SJWs are ruining "everything" but for the fact that nobody has actually met an SJW like that in real life, which suggests that, even if they are like that off the internet (which is already a questionable assumption), there are so few of them that their opinions literally could not possibly matter in any meaningful way in real life. They're just too few to give a shit about. We give them outsized access to our attention on the internet because outrage makes us feel righteous, and we end up thinking that like... 6 people having a tantrum on some college campus actually *matters,* and that there's some ridiculous conspiracy of people trying to take away our right to say anything. And don't get me wrong, it's SUPER scary when those people find you on the internet and make insane threats, and that needs to be dealt with, but I honestly think that if the cops gave enough of a fuck to do anything about these online threats, we could literally just put all the violently insane ones in jail. Actually *all of them.* Because they're just not that many. And the rest? If we stopped paying *so much fucking attention* to them, their bullshit would cease to have any effect at all. The only reason half of them doing this shit is because they know it works, because we let it work. And this really isn't an issue limited to "the SJWs" either. I feel much the same about incels. There aren't that many of them, they're all bluster and no substance. For all they talk about how they'd totally rape a girl if they could, the vast majority of them wouldn't do a fucking thing if they ever saw a girl in real life. And the only reason those who *would* are such a danger is because we've given them a voice in the first place by responding in outrage.
Oof. Watch out, that's one hell of a sharp wit we have over here.
&gt;Such as providing a tax credit for them. Mmm yes. A tax credit is gonna be *so helpful* to the homeless people who totally have an address at which to receive the check, a bank at which to deposit it, and definitely aren't going to have their things stolen from them at any point which might leave them without. I'm sure those people wouldn't complain at all when they see a homeless woman free-bleeding all over the sidewalk because they're too cheap to consider providing literally pennies worth of products to avoid that health issue. And I'm sure that will make all the low-income women feel better when the money that the city would have spend buying cheap tampons at cost in bulk gets them through a few months at best when left trying to buy them in smaller quantities at full grocery-store prices. Because, in case they've forgotten how stores work, consumer prices are astronomically higher than what a government would pay for the same quantity of product.
"This is stupid because reasons." "WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU I DON'T THINK IT'S A GOOD IDEA EITHER FUCK OFF." "Okay. I wasn't trying to suggest you agreed with it." "I'M STILL GOING TO REMAIN INEXPLICABLY ANGRY WITH YOU AND WILL CONTINUE TO BE AGGRESSIVELY UPSET DESPITE THE FACT THAT IT'S PERFECTLY CLEAR THAT THE ORIGINAL REASON FOR MY ANGER IS NOT ACCURATE, WHICH SUGGESTS THAT I'M JUST LOOKING FOR EXCUSES TO BE PISSY RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE."
Aww sweet, does this mean you're going to fund a way for me to pee standing up?
I dunno why, but this reminds me so much of The Good Place. Might be the colours.
It's definitely an SJW conspiracy to ruin gaming by... letting you play as the title character of the series? Yep. That checks out.
Do you know what a "title character" is?
&gt;I hope schools aren't seeing a quiet shy boy and immediately leaping to "School shooter in the making!" Most probably aren't, but there are enough idiots in charge of enough schools that it's pretty much guaranteed that it's happening in some places. I mean, this is more an example of profiling a kid for his race rather than his introversion, but clearly some teachers are too paranoid to be trusted not to profile children: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmed\_Mohamed\_clock\_incident](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmed_Mohamed_clock_incident)
Probably. I've seen several instances of artists in that community getting *pissed* that incels are using their work but like... what are they gonna do, exactly? It's not like the incel community has enough respect for creators to stop stealing art when called out.
There are still other ways to take cannabis. Food, for example.
My first thought was not concern about drunk drivers. It's that I don't especially want to be stuck on a ferry with a bunch of drunken assholes. There are *so many* opportunities to get drunk. Why do people feel they absolutely *need* to drink on public methods of transportation?
Yeah, a really fucking weird RP, but creepy is not the word I would use to describe this one.
Ha. Hahaha. Go visit Yellowstone and just watch the fucking morons approach *all* the animals, regardless of what it is, where it is, or what the billion signs say you should do. It's mindblowingly frustrating.
&gt;Like I said, if people want to get drunk they can already. It's not that hard to sneak on booze. &gt; &gt;It's more for those of us who want to legally have a delicious BC wine or craft beer while taking in an absolutely fantastic view. You can't really have it both ways, simultaneously claiming that everyone can drink on the ferry anyway, but you need it to be sold in order to drink. Either everyone can bring their own alcohol anyway, including you, or you must concede that selling alcohol on the ferry is going to result in more drunks on the ferry.
So it's *against the rules* right now to drink on the ferry, and you genuinely believe that the presence of such a rule has *never* stopped someone from drinking on the ferry? Really? Come on, dude, you know there's a middle ground between those two groups. You're presenting a false dichotomy. I mean, really, have you never flown with a belligerent drunk person? They only get their alcohol from the legitimate source on the flight. They're still assholes.
That's quite literally the opposite of what I'm saying. I'm not super keen on engaging with someone who can't/won't read, so I'll spell it out one more time: 1. Drinking is against the rules on the ferry right now, making it difficult to do and so it happens rarely. 2. Selling drinks on the ferry makes it easier to get drunk on the ferry. 3. Therefore, selling drinks on the ferry makes it more likely there will be drunks. You can disagree that the result follows from that premise, but it shouldn't be this hard to follow the logic that I'm presenting, whether you happen to agree with it or not.
I'm afraid Cerave is owned by L'Oreal :(
I've encountered bears and stuff in the wild before, but the scariest thing that's ever happened to me was encountering a moose. They're SO BIG. And they clearly give no fucks about you; like, they behave as if we are 0 threat to them. It's scary. At least the bears seemed to care that we were there, you know?
omg I love a Dark Room. Please PM me if you're still looking for more testers :D
If you respect women, yes, you would probably get a date eventually with *some* women. It does not entitle you to a date with any one *particular* woman. You need multiple things to get into a relationship - to get along, to share interests, and to have chemistry. Even if you are respectful, you may still lack similar interests and/or chemistry with a specific woman, and it may take time and effort to find one with whom you share all three. Being a disrespectful dickhead, however, guarantees that you will never find a woman with whom you get along, so you'll never get a date if you do that.
&gt; I'm sorry if that sounds callous, but it's *acutely* deleterious to you (and I'd imagine everyone else is getting somewhere between "rather unpleasant" and your experience) as it stands. Because pissing off your roommate isn't going to be deleterious? I mean, I would agree with you 100% outside of this, but it sounds like you missed the fact that OP still has to live with this dude after he has this conversation. Going with the "Don't play with us anymore" play without attempting anything else sounds like little but a recipe for making OP's life shitty *all the time* instead of just during game.
Exactly. This isn't for a flight from London to Hong Kong. It's for a flight from London to Paris.
Yes, thank you. All the people who keep talking about how she's a drama queen have clearly never suffered any kind of extreme anxiety reaction to something like this. I reacted this way as a child. It wasn't reinforced, it wasn't faked, I was just genuinely that scared.
Speaking as someone with an extreme fear of needles, you really don't get much of a choice. You can't tell someone having an anxiety attack to relax and expect it to work, I'm afraid.
I have zero problem standing for multiple hours at a time. I use a standing desk at work.
Not suggesting these are supposed to be actively comfortable, but the reality is that they'll result in lower fares for planes with these seats, and the vast majority of people will happy suffer through standing for 30 minutes at a time if it means spending $80 a pop for a ticket vs $120. You, meanwhile, will continue to have the option to pay the extra money to sit down, if you suffer a particular medical condition that demands it. Or you could drive. No flight that would use these seats would be to locations accessible exclusively by air.
Nah. The airlines seem reasonably aware that the limits of what consumers will endure for the sake of cheap seats changes according to the length of the flight. I've been flying a lot in the past few years, with flights of different lengths. There is a small but important difference in the amount of legroom between flights that go across Canada (4ish hours) to flights that cross Canada and the Atlantic (10ish hours).
Okay then... don't. Pay for a full seat. What do you think is gonna happen, that this is going to eliminate the existence of planes with any normal chairs?
&gt;But...none of that is in the text. Her name is literally Hated Plot Device. I dunno how much more textual you want it to get.
&gt;I recognize I’m alone in seeing any problems No you don't. If you did, you wouldn't be running around smugly pretending that we'd all agree with you if different names are on the front of the book. Everyone is, of course, permitted to have different ideals about what a book should be. You're welcome to dislike this particular character if you want. You are not, however, welcome to smugly explain to everyone else that they're wrong for feeling as they do because if only they weren't so *blinded* we'd all obviously agree with you.
Have you ever seen the cartoon this is from?
So I'm 99% sure it's straight-up illegal to pull a child from school without providing proof of homeschooling in many countries, so I'd like to know where you're from. A lot of places have many resources for young people in your situation. You deserve a proper education, and many places will help you get that, but the resources available depend on your country. Providing that information will help people provide you with some better resources. If you are from a country where this is illegal, then I would recommend speaking to the police. The law may provide you both additional protection from your mother and additional resources as you were denied an education that you are legally owed.
Direct != face-to-face. Thousands of random strangers can contact the kid, person-to-person, with no intermediaries or filters. That's definitely direct contact.
Yeah, the whole thing is very "You're free to do what I want you to, and nothing else."
&gt;All the downvoters thinking they have a right to by body. I wonder what they think about abortion. Yes, because everyone knows that a living woman is totally the same as your dead meat-sack....
I'm... confused. What does organ donation have to do with tattoos?
Er, wait. I've always thought the waifu thing was mostly a joke. I've definitely used the term before about various fictional characters but always just as a "O yeah, I'd be into seeing a romance subplot about this character" kinda meaning. Shit. Now I feel like I've accidentally been a creep.
Part of me wants desperately to say that this is roleplay, and they know it. Like, they enjoy writing these dramatic tales of relationship woe, not really so different from just writing a novel on the same topic, but lacking the less-fun cycle of writing and editing required to actually *write* a novel. I really want to believe that these are just stories, and they are aware they're just stories, and that it's all in the relatively normal attempt to explore human experiences through fiction. But I'm feeling this sense of creepy horror that it isn't, and they're unable to differentiate reality from the stories they're telling themselves.
I would agree, but there are some other examples of an extremely uncomfortable tendency among certain people to be utterly unable to differentiate fiction from reality. There have been a number of shocking and disappointing stories about people mistreating celebrities because of the actions of the characters they play. Or people who think they're friends with Youtube personalities because they really honestly can't comprehend that the relationship is only one-way. I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with getting attached to fictional characters, but I do actually suspect that a lot of the people who get into things like r/waifuism may be losing touch with the line between reality and fiction in the same way.
My septum hurt the most too. The actual piercing part was pretty okay, but I'd picked a rather small ring from the jewelry case in the front of the shop, and my piercer had said that it might not fit my nose, so she brought that and the larger size ring into the back with her and prepped them both, basically saying that she'd try with the small one but might need to switch to the big one. Well, the small one was too small. She tried to get it in (which hurt like a bitch), realized it wasn't going to work and got it back out again (which hurt like a bitch), put the needle back into the fresh hole (also hurt), and then had to put the bigger piece of jewelry in (which, yes, also hurt, more than it probably would have otherwise because my poor nose was so traumatized after all the other handling and such). On the plus side, it's perfectly healed and beautiful now, and totally worth the pain :D
The bizarre thing about this is the implication that *all* it takes to get Instagram famous is a nice pair of tits. Do these people not have any idea just how many Instagram "models" are out there trying to get famous off their looks and failing miserably? It's not really about the content in either case. It's about being successfully able to market yourself. You can bitch all you want, but the actual reality is that the girls who get famous on "just" their tits have skills in self-marketing. That's why they're the famous ones, and not one of the hundred million other girls just like them who will never have more than a couple hundred followers and no one cares. No one will *ever* care. At least Totoro girl has a shot at making it in any number of viable careers outside of social media. And if Totoro girl wants to be famous, she'd better learn a little SEO. Acting like you're gonna get anywhere by just posting your art on a random tumblr without marketing yourself is hilariously naive.
&gt;It is disheartening to see genuinely good art get hardly any attention when there isn't a pretty face in the same frame. Mmm yes. Never in the history of the internet has awesome art ever gotten attention without a hot picture of the (female) artist being plastered over it, right?
\&gt; stink \&gt; sweat \&gt; fluids 'Cause I guess men don't ever sweat or smell or produce certain fluids when aroused? Wat?
Axe wound is fucking metal.
I find it delicious that whoever made this clearly has no idea that, according to the intended message of the original, the fourth monkey would be the wisest of them all.
I think you're right, that things *are* getting more predictable, but I don't think it's because the quality of the work is going down so much as it is that we, as consumers, are growing both more nostalgic and cynical at the same time. Familiarity is comforting, and so we kinda like those familiar stories with a new twist, especially now. People are kinda afraid of how the world is going, and we turn to media to comfort us, and it does - with familiar stories and tropes and sounds. But, at the same time, this is also the first time we've been exposed to so much media en mass. It's harder to be unique a and surprising in a world where almost everyone has seen hundreds of films and heard thousands of songs, and so I think our tastes as consumers are more refined than ever, and so more ideas and story beats are going to seem more repetitive to us than to any generation previous. So we demand a comforting familiarity *and* a greater-than-ever-before level of surprise and novelty and I don't think it's any wonder at all that there are few movies and songs capable of producing what we want. I found, for me, something that helped was taking a film studies course. It hasn't exactly "fixed" the predictability of various plot elements, but it has introduced me to some new genres I would never have tried, and I've found a new appreciation in some of the movies that would have previously bothered me because I now can find something to appreciate in the work that goes into making each shot, so less of my enjoyment of a movie rides on my appreciation for the plot.
I think you're kinda missing the point. Nobody is arguing that story should be less a part of video games. The point is more that there is an ideal medium in which to tell a given story, and many, *many* video game stories are ones that would be ideally told as film, and not as a game. &gt;Plus, in order to tell the story that the writer wants to tell, that will involve robbing the player of choice to some extent I think this is precisely the problem, because this is only true of a story best told in a medium *other than video games*. A story where the choice is integral to the point (or perhaps the lack of choice, such as in Bioshock) is something best told via a video game. Any story where you have to take away player agency in order to better tell it (unless, again, the lack of agency is explicitly the point) is probably a story that should just be told in movie-form in the first place, and will always feel second-rate when it's in a game because it's *fighting* with the medium rather than harmonizing with it. Part of the problem may be that the vast majority of games, right now, tell a story that would be better told as a film or TV show, so it's probably difficult to even imagine what could constitute a story or experience best told through a game. That's quite normal, since the medium is so young - we were once pretty shit at telling stories via film, too, around a century ago. It took decades for us to really get the hang of it. I'm really personally excited for what kinds of stories we'll be telling in the next 10-20 years of gaming - that'll put games at about 30-40 years of us really and truly trying to take games seriously as a storytelling medium, and it was around the same time in the life of film that gave us several enormous leaps forward in what film could do as a storytelling medium. I expect we'll probably reach that same moment of epiphany and suddenly it'll seem obvious, in retrospect, which stories would be best told as a game.
&gt;I actually have the opposite opinion - I think that video games can tell some stories even better than movies can. I didn't say movies were universally better at telling stories. I said the ideal stories to be told via film vs game are *different*, and that most of the stories told by video games right now are better told in film. &gt;Uncharted is a good example, and really, UC is pretty much an Indy Jones movie that was turned into a modern video game. I think Uncharted is pretty much the perfect example of "movie story told in game form" - it's a story best told in some sort of film medium. The only reason you've provided for disagreement is run-time, but that's easily fixed by making the theoretical Uncharted movie into a TV show. Or heck, we don't even need to do that anymore, considering the fact that cinematic universes are becoming very common and telling a single story over multiple films is becoming increasingly common. If we removed the run-time limitation, then the type of story told by Uncharted is unquestionably one better told in film form. The interactive nature of gaming is completely irrelevant to the story being told, and, at times, actively interferes with it. &gt;Anytime the player has a choice that can seriously affect the progression of the story, you essentially have to create a branch to reflect that choice. It's almost like creating a second game in parallel with your first one. You don't *need* to create a branching storyline to create a story that is best told in video game form. The idea of a branching storyline is the most clear and obvious way to make that interaction matter, but it doesn't have to be that way. A great example of this is Bioshock - it's a singular plot that doesn't meaningfully branch anywhere but in a few throw-away lines. And *that's the point*. The entire game is about the illusion of player agency. I would argue that it's the first video game *ever* to really take a look at what would make a story best told in game form. And it didn't include any meaningful choices at all. Bioshock: Infinite took that concept and ran with it by intentionally presenting you with a bunch of choices that meant *nothing* and had no effect at all, to call attention to that aspect of the game's themes. And I expect you may answer with, "well, what other stories are best told in video game form, then?" and the truth is that I don't know. No one does. I don't mean this as some sort of indictment of the competence of video game writers. I mean it as a factual observation of the immature state of the medium. We're only 20 years into treating video games as a real, legitimate storytelling medium. The art form is still in its infancy. We don't know how best to tell stories in video game form yet because we probably haven't even really begun to explore the possibilities. It takes decades of practice, it takes multiple generations of attempts. This is how it worked in film, too. Being aware of the fact that our current video game stories are largely just "movies with interaction shoehorned in" is an important first step in figuring out what the alternatives actually are. And we're getting there - we're developing a language to use to discuss these problems, chock full of terms like "ludonarrative dissonance," just like we did a century ago to develop a cinematic language. We'll get there. There's nothing wrong with recognizing that we're not there yet. &gt;If you want a great example of a story that's told best in video games, I can't think of a better one than Nier Automata, if you haven't already played it. Towards the end it presented me with a choice that I honestly did not want to make, and sat staring at the screen for 30 minutes trying to decide what to do. That's something that could only have been done with a video game, and it was masterful. But this choice was presented at the end of the game, as you mostly marched forward through the story experiencing it as the creator wanted you to. I agree, Nier Automata is great but, again, it seems a little like you're pushing my point into an extreme that I wasn't really trying to present. I didn't say that players need complete and total freedom in the plot - that's absurdly limiting to the stories that can be told and probably will never be technically possible. But the choice that *you* make at the end creates an impact that, had the story been told even ideally in another medium, would never have had the same effect. It wouldn't have meant as much to watch another character make that choice. You get to make it, you get to see the impacts, and that makes Nier a story best told in game form, even if much of the rest of the plot is straightforward. And, to be clear, this isn't to imply that you're not allowed to like Uncharted or anything. Nobody is suggesting anything of the sort. A game doesn't have to be ideally suited to a given medium to be enjoyable. A lot of games have stories that are secondary to the gameplay, where the story is there to simple string you between different interactive set-pieces. Some of those are stories probably better told in film, too, but since the story isn't the *point*, then it doesn't really matter. And many more such stories probably actually are best told in game form because they are complete nonsense on their own because they exist solely to serve the gameplay - a lot of Nintendo's first-party games are perfect examples of this, where their stories are complete insanity, perfectly distilled into the exact form required to provide the gameplay experience they want to provide. But these aren't really the ones begin discussed - the stories being talked about here are the big ones, the ones where the story is a selling point. They're still good stories, don't get me wrong, but we are, in the end, still writing movie scripts and shoving gameplay in between the scenes.
Everyone has menstrual cramps all the time, of a pain level *just* bad enough to make you crabby but not bad enough to stop you from doing things.
&gt;(like, given that it is accepted that schools in largely African American communities are being under-funded, do you really want to swap your kid's spot in your comunity's school with someone from that school? I mean, we all know what the good answer is... but man, it's your kid's spot) As a Canadian, this has always confused the hell out of me. If everyone *so obviously* knows about the fact that there are massive disparities in funding, to the point where even people who are pro-integration would hesitate to send their kid to another school then like... why hasn't there been any serious attempt to fix the fact that there's a clear and obvious issue with the way the schools are funded? I'm not aware of any other developed nation with funding disparities this severe, so it's not like there's a lack of evidence for other systems working just fine.
You're talking about Nunavut which, if you knew anything about Canada, you'd understand why those numbers are like that. Nunavut does not have a 15% graduation rate. It does have a remarkably low percentage of adults living there to have a high school diploma, but the students *living there* graduate at a higher rate than you've listed. They also tend to graduate later, so it's misleading in the extreme to act like "graduation by age 19" accurately reflects the actual graduation rates. The reason the rate among adults is so low is because Nunavut and NWT both provide the best working opportunities for people with limited education, so those without a high school diploma leave their home provides and move north to find work, while those who complete high school in those territories almost universally leave for the southern provinces to further their education and find better work and a better standard of living. Once you take those things into consideration, the graduation rates look similar to that of the Appalachians which, considering the fact that people move into/out of the area for similar reasons, shouldn't be that surprising. I would also like to point out that you're comparing a lack of funding for city schools in the US with the problems of providing proper education to people living in some of the most remote places on the planet. You can't *seriously* think those are the same, can you? Edit: ALSO the lower graduation rates in Nunavut are certainly not the result of funding disparities - those schools are super well funded, because they have to be in order to operate effectively in what is, again, *one of the most remote places on the planet*.
It comes from a graph on the page which specifically lists the chances of a student graduating before the age of 19. A significant portion of the northern population of students graduate later 'cause they end up going to school later. Plus it's amazingly stupid to compare the problems facing an inner-city school with the problems facing one of the most extremely rural and difficult to access places on the face of the earth. If it were just as hard to get teachers and resources to the poor schools in the US, then I'd buy that, but it isn't.
Oh for sure, there are a lot of social problems too, but it seems ridiculous to just pile more problems on top of some already difficult lives by making the schools funding so shitty by definition.
But he *didn't* jump to a conclusion. He *asked.* What kind of world are you advocating for where people aren't allowed to ask questions for fear of causing offense? Sounds to me like you're more aligned with the problematic parts of social-justice culture than you'd like to admit, honestly.
So I was right, then. You're just having a tantrum because you don't *like* that it's a Nazi symbol and you can't figure out the difference between your desires and reality. Gotcha. I'm sure pretending there isn't a problem is *definitely* going to help fix the admittedly stupid fact that this is indeed a new Nazi symbol.
Lol at least usually the "for men" stuff is basically just them going "Well, let's avoid the pastels that normally come with traditionally feminine stuff" which I get, to a point... but this didn't even bother to do that XD
From other comments made by that Redditor, it's pretty clear they're heavily biased against the idea of porn being empowering.
I'm not sure if you're trying to suggest that she's somehow representative of feminism, but if you are, you should know that she's really, *really* not.
&gt;I love real strong independent woman btw, just not the armpit hair Lol "I love an independent woman so long as she's *just* dependent enough on my validation to do what I want with her body rather than what she wants." Yeah, buddy, very convincing XD
To be fair, I've found most games that include romance (assuming the romance isn't a primary point a la Boyfriend Dungeon) include it *optionally.* And most of the time, if a game includes romance options, you're pretty much guaranteed a minimum amount of character development, whether you engage with the romance options or not. So even if you're not into it, you may find that seeking out games with romance options to be a good short-hand for seeking out games that actually care about character development.
Thicker skull? That comes from having to have the stronger jaw muscles required to chew raw food. What does that have to do with cell phones?
I made a set of tables and put them on display in my house :)
&gt; My idea for driving them into the NN is that it's a place for them to gain power and progress, that while Mab gifted them a degree of power to strike out at her enemies this power will not be enough to deal with the issues she will want them to confront. while the mortal world will be a place for them to investigate and gather resources to accomplish their goals. So my only concern with that is that it a) might be a bit too meta to serve as an appropriate in-character reason to start exploring the NN, and b) that doesn't actually match up with how progression works in DFRPG. The first part might be easy to just hand-wave, depending on your group. Some people are totally fine with saying that their character would just jump into the NN with the explanation of "I need to get more powerful" and that would be that, but others might have a hard time maintaining that as a character goal. Especially since it's not immediately apparent why getting more powerful in the NN is a better idea than doing it in the real world (at least to me). So you probably want to chat with your group about whether this is sufficient for them. If it isn't, then I suggest just asking them to make "exploring the NN" something that their characters would want to do *anyway*, and provide their own backstory reason for it. The second part is my bigger concern, because, according to the system rules, you only get more skill points and refresh by progressing in the story or accomplishing goals, so running around in the NN with the aim of "getting more power" doesn't actually *do* anything. That's not to say that this wouldn't work, but you'd have to explicitly depart from the rules-as-written with your progression system in order to make it happen. Now, to be honest, I think you'll have to change the progression rules a bit anyway, because the premise of West Marches demands that not everyone be there for every session, and I don't think it would work well if you only gave progress to those characters who just happened to be there on the right sessions. To that end, I would recommend allowing the group to progress together - they are, as a whole, working towards the same goals and achieving those, whether their character was personally present for the achievement or not, counts as a milestone. Because everything should be relatively driven by the characters and you probably won't have specific story arcs as you would in a traditional Dresden game, I would recommend laying out a more generalized set of rules for what would constitute a major, significant and minor milestone, so then you don't have to worry about trying to figure out later what should count as what at the risk of being inconsistent. As an example, here is what I am using (currently) for my game. This will probably shift as the game progresses, but it's still early and the group is still in survival mode, so this set of rules still makes the most sense. In general, milestones are defined as any progress made towards settling the system, more specifically: &gt;Minor Milestones - A minor milestone occurs every time your character returns to the space station from an expedition. &gt; &gt;Significant Milestones - A significant milestone occurs every time any member of the group makes progress towards settling the system with a singular and immediate effect - collecting enough water to survive another month, repairing the seals on the station, etc. &gt; &gt;Major Milestones - A major milestone occurs every time long-term progress on settlement infrastructure is made - finding a consistent water source and developing sufficient infrastructure around it such that water is no longer going to be a worry for the middle or long term, building defensible landing zones on the planets, etc. I recommend creating a set of generalized rules for milestones like this - that way, your group has an idea of the impact of their own goals. They can sit down and say "Okay, we have found a promising way to get regular water to the station, which might be a major milestone. We also have a promising spot to go find some repair materials, which is probably a significant one," and that gives *them* the ability to make an informed decision about which to pursue.
&gt;can still be hilarious even in written form. Pretty sure the greatest slapstick sketch in existence would never been funny in written form, just saying.
&gt;before the sensitive snowflakes took over You sounds pretty sensitive about that.
Yeah that's what's confusing me. They *do* look too close together, IMO, but when I look closer I think that's just because I'm super thrown off by the fact that the anus is waaaay too far forward and the vulva isn't nearly long enough. So if the vulva was an appropriate length, then they would be ridiculously close together.
Oh no, I totally buy that you made a fair decision. My Hawke was the same as yours, right down to romancing Anders. The only reason I didn't kill him is because (IMO) he clearly expected to be killed and therefore turned into a martyr, and I honestly didn't want to give him that. I felt it more appropriate to put him in the front-lines defending the mages he just put into the line of fire. But you know, killing him does make a lot of sense too.
Yep. Worse is that the management knew that it was dangerous - their offices were protected. Meanwhile, they were teaching the girls painting the watch faces to *lick the paintbrushes* so they could have a nice precise brush tip.
None of this means you have to store more stuff. It means your single-use products need to be made of something biodegradable.
You know this still allows single use products, right? They just can't be made of plastic.
Those aren't the same type of needle. It's effectively impossible for them to inject from the type of container that they use to store blood taken for testing purposes. Honestly, the level of angry ignorance on display is sad. You're so desperate to get a shot in at a child that you're literally just making shit up to give you the excuse, and it's genuinely pitiful.
&gt; I feel like it's really strange for her to not realize that I would want to be the one taking these pictures. Ohhhh she knows. She just doesn't give a shit.
I find it rather frustrating that we're in a place where my first thought upon reading this was "I'd better google here to make sure this isn't someone being a veiled TERF before I say anything."
Probably closely related, but we can differentiate differences in hues/shades of green better than any other colour.
Back when the wildfires were at their worst in BC, I remember the sky turning red on Vancouver Island because the smoke was so bad, even though there weren't any fires on the island at the time.
It's usually about the impact it had on the medium. It's the reason why people call out Citizen Kane as being the Best Movie Ever Made. Honestly, watching it now, it's long and it drags and most the point of it is lost because almost no one alive today actually knows anything about the man it's satirizing. But it did have a massive impact on the medium itself in terms of both technical and creative approaches to film-making. I would say Avengers is up there too, because the film industry changed pretty much overnight after that film came out (though it remains to be seen if the shared universe thing is just a trend or if it's just how modern movies work now). So while I'm not sure about crowning Fortnite the *most* important, it's way the hell up there by this definition. And it doesn't have to be a *positive* influence, either. IMO, Fortnite is mostly credited with pushing forward methods of insidious addiction-mongering more than anything else. But it has certainly made huge leaps in that field and led the vanguard in psychologically manipulating its playerbase. Yay.
Yeah, professional sports teams weren't out here implementing rules for how long players could spend on Minecraft. They were with FN. You don't have to like FN to recognize that's a huge deal.
The article isn't calling it Game of the Decade.
You clearly don't have a real 9 year old if you think asking a question is getting "pissy." You might wanna take a break from Reddit if that's all it takes for you to get so defensive. And you literally just stated that you'd be doing takeout/delivery if it was an option for you because it *is* a time-saver, when it exists, so.... I'm glad you agree with me, despite being apparently quite upset about that fact?
I love the recent spat of posts that are literally tagged with #satire and people still get confused.
So, IMO, Ori and the Blind Forest was the best game of the decade. Please explain how that magically gives it the biggest impact of any game released since 2010. You can't, because clearly those things are unrelated to each other, and the suggesting that Ori is the most important game of the decade is kind of ridiculous. It was great, sure, but that doesn't make it important to anybody but me. The impact of a game (or any work of media) is largely measured in how the industry and culture around it changed as a result of said game. Your personal tastes are completely irrelevant to that. Some contenders for games that had a huge impact: Minecraft single-handedly created a new genre that is drastically different from anything else that was available before. Other "new genre" games have existed (one could argue that Souls-Borne is a new genre) but none of them are as clearly divorced from existing genres as Minecraft. Hell, one of the most compelling arguments for Minecraft as Most Important Game of the Decade is that I would draw a *direct* line from Minecraft to the very gimmick that makes Fortnite so unique and compelling (in terms of gameplay). Beat Saber is currently the #1 reason to purchase any kind of VR system. It's by far the most adept at making use of VR's capabilities while adapting to its control limitations. I would genuinely argue that VR would not be growing the way it is now without Beat Saber. League of Legends has catapulted eSports from a comparatively small-time, niche interest to something that rivals other physical sports in size and entertainment value. Granted, there's an argument here that this doesn't make LoL itself important, but rather the marketing and design teams around the tournaments themselves did that (and could maybe have done that with another game, which calls into question how important LoL itself actually is to this mix), but still, that fact that it did end up happening with LoL does earn it a place as a possibility. Fortnite has broken into mainstream culture in a way that no game has before. There are a lot of games that have had more industry impact, but FN can probably be held up as a clear winner in terms of cultural impact. Most people now recognize aspects of Fortnite (like the dances, emotes, bus, etc) without even know that these things *are from Fortnite*. They're genuine cultural touchstones (regardless of whether or not they may be shortlived). Mario is like that, but Mario took *decades* to get there. Fortnite has also driven "forward" the industry's understanding of how best to manipulate its playerbase into giving them loads of money. Most other publishers are looking directly at Fortnite to rip the "how to hook a whale" concepts into their own games, and they're pushing that line forward all the time. Nobody say that the impact had to be a positive one, after all. Now, notice how none of these arguments have anything whatsoever to do with whether or not I liked them? Yes, *generally speaking* a game has to have some entertainment value to get to a point where it can do any of these things, but "I didn't like it" is not an argument against a game being important. A lot of other people clearly did, and that has changed the gaming landscape in some manner or another, whether you like it or not.
I have a small guide written down on what easy-to-get stuff should be saved as gifts from the beginning of the game to work on getting people to love you. It's on paper somewhere. It's not the most efficient thing, but it's based mostly on using stuff that you'll have anyway so you don't have to really go out of your way. Maybe I should post it.
Kay but who the fuck calls them "discussion groups"?
I'd personally be really appreciative if they'd do something about it when drivers run red lights. Though actually I'm also 100% behind the idea of slapping fines onto people who use their cellphones in the car, too. There's no reason to do that.
&gt; I mean you can still take the threat seriously by realizing that... WWIII is hyperbole I mean, considering that "the threat" I'm talking about here is specifically the threat of WWIII, no, you can't take that seriously and recognize that it's hyperbole. Those are mutually exclusive. I'm not suggesting that this is a good thing or that these events aren't going to have repercussions. I'm saying that people who are genuinely afraid of being nuked by Iran because "Twitter said so" are kinda stupid.
Oh my goodness, yes, thank you, it never once occurred to me that the police would need to see someone running a red to do something about it. Why didn't I think of that? /s
&gt;The officers will issue citations for people who run red lights, if they see the infraction. I mean, except they don't always do this. You're basing your entire argument on the assumption that this always happens. Did it never seriously occur to you that maybe it *doesn't*, and that's why I brought it up?
&gt;I'm saying the leniency is not the norm. Kay well... that's good, because I never said it was, so maybe read the comments again and this time read what's *actually* written instead of putting all these words in my mouth? I dunno why you're so eager to get into a fight about this. Are you a traffic cop who read some kind of personal insult into this or something? I literally just said I'd like to see stricter enforcement on red-light running. I said nothing about *why* this is happening or how I'd expect it to be fixed, and I'm certainly not about to suggest that this is a problem with the actual individual officers. The fact that you've jumped to bizarre conclusions about how I'm apparently accusing cops of being lazy is really telling, dude.
Super well. Just make sure you change the blade often (which is fine when the blades are like 5 cents a pop) and you should be good to go!
It's probably a fair idea, *but* make sure that you're asking an actual Sephora employee. There are reps for the various brands that will spend time at the stores as well, and they are absolutely there to sell you on their brand over all others. The other thing that I'd recommend is to educate yourself on the important skincare ingredients. A huge number of products are just like "skin essence" and give almost no information about what the essence is supposed to be *of*, or what it's supposed to do. It's just like "give you skin a youthful glow" and then there's almost no further useful information. And that's just because there's nothing of actual value in it, beyond maybe a bit of moisturizer. So, in that case, I would learn a little about the big-deal skincare ingredients (and you can find tons of info on the sidebars) and then you might have better luck when asking the Sephora employee if you can say "I want an anti-aging product *with retinol*" (or something).
it's 2020 stop pretending that nuance is some kind of sin against wokeness
The idea that we should censure the entire existence of a person because he did bad things in addition to good ones is *not helpful*. There's nothing "woke" about sticking your fingers in your ears and acting like he didn't do anything of value because it's morally difficult to balance that against the bad things he did. To do so isn't virtuous, is *lazy.*
I bought a pair of these black lace flats from H&amp;M *years and years* ago. Like... maybe 2010? I remember I had to buy them because I was working in a lab that summer and they required closed-toed shoes, and I hated the idea of having to wear shoes and socks, so I went looking for something cheap that I could wear barefoot at work. They were like $7 for the pair. They weren't supposed to last. At the time, I lived all summer in sandals and never imagined that I'd ever change that. I still have them, I wear them multiple times a week from about May through to October every year (alongside a couple other similar pairs I've bought since). Who would have thought that a pair of cheap-ass shoes that I didn't even like that much would have become such a wardrobe staple for me?
"why not just give out gift cards to the grocer's" because food banks can buy 4x the food per dollar than you can.
I'm really confused about why you're so upset. I'm literally just saying that it's a good idea to make your decisions off ingredients lists and not marketing buzzwords. Which is weird, because I'm pretty sure that's also what you're saying, so I'm really just super lost about why you're so adversarial about it. Why do you need a list of brands that use marketing jargon? I doubt you're seriously trying to suggest that there are *no skincare products* that exist that tend to use marketing over actual value to sell their products. All I'm saying is that educating yourself about ingredients is a good way to avoid getting suckered in by that. If you take issue with that stance, I'm not sure why.
&gt; If that’s the point you were trying to make, you literally could have just said that. I literally did. I'm sorry you're so upset over the fact that you misread my comment, but it is what it is.
I'm already most of the way to being her and I'm only 30. I'm not sure how I feel about this.
You can also get it from wantboard, which is a site that specializes in shipping products from the US to Canada when they aren't otherwise available here. You can get DE's Babyfacial that way, too. It's pretty expensive, but they have sales semi-often. I got 3 tubes for boxing day.
There's a problem with people renting AirBnB homes for one night to hold raging parties and completely trash the fuck out of the house. The logic is literally "I don't want to trash *my* place, so I'll pay a hundred or so bucks to trash someone else's!" Narcissists and psychopaths are more likely to engage in that sort of intensely self-centered behaviour. Not saying this is a good idea or that it'll actually work, but I can see why they'd want it, for sure.
Everyone knows that the best way to help someone who is struggling with a problem is to pretend there isn't a problem and act like their negative feelings are a result of something trite and stupid. See: "Must be shark week."
This has actually been studied and is kinda true. More money can't buy more happiness -- *once you make at least $100,000 a year*. Now, this number is several years old so it's probably a bit higher now to account for inflation, and it's for the average American, so this value will change depending on where you live, but the premise of the point is still present and important. Basically, what they found was that, once you reach a level of income that essentially prevents you from stressing about money, more money does fuck-all to make you happier. Then, and perhaps more importantly, once you become very rich (ie: once you reach the point where it becomes difficult to spend the kind of money you have), money tends to make things worse again. This seems to be because, at that point, your bank account value stops representing buying power (because it's not the money that matters - it's the things that you can buy with the money that lead to greater happiness) and starts representing your value as a human being. Think of it as people trying to get a high score in a the Game of Life. It causes the same kind of toxicity that common to many online games. So it's not money that makes you happy. It's the lack of stressors that tends to result from having money. And I realize that sounds like I'm splitting hairs, but I want to be clear that these stressors are not a fundamental law of the universe. Our society has *created* the problems of rent and bills, and then we sell the solution in the form of money. It's all artificial, and that's really fucked up when you think about it.
Couldn't possibly be that anyone benefits from convincing you to maintain the status quo, right?
&gt;is oblivious to double standards Fucking ha.
It's "disgusting" by that definition that we have to pay a lot of things. Isn't it also disgusting that we have to pay for food? For shelter? For heating? Water? Like, it genuinely is fucked up that children end up homeless and hungry. But nobody seriously sits there and pretends that your landlord should let you live rent-free. I'm sure many of them would love to do that and don't like turning out families. But if they don't, *they'll end up homeless too*. *Because that's how money works.* Betcha she's the exact same kind of person who would bitch bitterly about any attempts to raise taxes that she won't even pay (but of course she expects that she will when she becomes the millionaire she thinks she deserves to be in the next few years) to make it so that these sorts of "disgusting" payments get covered by the government instead.
&gt; it is quite short and gives few details. While that's true, you were completely ignoring all the details except those in the headline, so I'm not sure why you were surprised that I asked. &gt; I was expecting a more technical discussion to develop. Then maybe you should have used more technical details. If you want a technical discussion, I'd be happy to oblige, but the implication that this is a miscommunication because you're just talking over my head with your complete lack of technical details? Come on, dude. Especially when your primary complaint isn't a technical one (at least not in the machine learning field). It's a psychological one. You're questioning the validity of the presumption that the traits being tracked will actually lead to problem tenants. So maybe, instead of complaining about the non-technical nature of the discussion, you should actually *look* into the psychological and sociological studies that exist on the matter (of which there are quite a few) and answer your own question.
I feel like Susan B Anthony would not approve.
That's actually sorta what I was thinking. The sequence of events as portrayed in the article makes no sense at all, so there's definitely information missing somewhere. The way I see it, there are two possibilities: 1. the employee did literally just state a fact, and all the other employees got upset at their management because they agree that it's bad. Management decided to punish the employee to revealed the information rather than actually deal with the problem. 2. the employee figured his fellow coworkers would care a lot and do the above when he told them, and it turns out that they didn't care as much as he did, so he harassed and/or bullied them about it, leading to a legit dismissal. I'll be interested to see which narrative starts to form out of the trial.
Yeah, I only use a cleanser once a day. I cleanse in the evening, and then I use a gentle cloth with some plain water to "cleanse" in the morning before I put on my morning routine. The only thing I find I need to clean off in the morning is what little oil gets produced while I'm sleeping, and wiping it away with one of those makeup remover clothes works perfect.
It's a cringey way to say it, but the message of "don't argue with people who are trying to say something nice about you" is pretty legit.
Gatekeeping ain't cool, but anyone who claims to have an "evolved" sense of humor is up his own ass.
True, though I still get the impression that this is directed rather specifically towards those (largely younger) girls who made a constant habit of calling themselves ugly and such. In that specific situation... yeah, learning to just accept that some people think you're beautiful is healthy.
No, dude. I am 100% on board with using ads to support a free service, but is not that. Also the fact that you're getting all uppity about the background when half the content area of the page is covered in ads is honestly really weird.
No, no it is not.
lol Farm Farm.
It depends on the person. Some people don't mind the idea of telling others early as they find it very comforting to know that there are others who know and will care if they lose the pregnancy. I know some people who much prefer having a big support network like that and prefer to tell people early, and some who hate the idea of having to tell people about a lost pregnancy, so they aim to avoid telling people until shortly before she starts showing. It's a personal thing.
I mean, I dunno. Digging hard into the Sims methods of creating relationships as a game unto itself actually doesn't sound like a terrible idea. You could get a lot more complicated relationships and emotions involved. I'm just pretty sure that it wouldn't meet the expectations you seem to have put forth in your post.
Well. At least there's a tiny glimmer of self-awareness at the end?
&gt;if they didn't specify their dietary restrictions. Lol I love how, despite the fact that this is almost certainly not what went down, you're just assuming that this dude had an opportunity to even specify, just so you can continue to justify being pissy about him daring to have standards.
I'm curious about what you expect them to do when it comes to planning? I ask because I'm on the other end of this same problem - my GM clearly wants us to plan things, but we don't. Why? Because we're never given enough threads or information to plan with. We tried to plan a few times, and we never rewarded with anything apparently useful, so we stopped trying. If you want your party to plan, you need to give them information to plan *with*, first. Otherwise, they'll just pick the most obvious and direct solution and run with it. Example: if you want your party to break into a manor and steal things, have them make a couple of casing rolls before you pass the reins over to them. Actively provide them with useful information. Don't just say "there are guards and spike-topped walls around the manor." Say "There are guards that patrol the manor, but you overhead some of the off-duty ones complaining about their terrible pay at a local tavern. From watching the manor, you learn that the guard changes at midnight and again just before dawn, and you find that there's a spot on the wall where the vines have grown over the spikes on the top." If one of them starts asking for a weakness in the patrol patterns, *give them one*. If one of them starts trying to come up with a plan to bribe the guard at the front gate, let them run with it. If they start trying to plan their entrance through the vined-over section of the wall, make it so going in that way makes it less likely for them to get caught on the way in. Or, if they come up with something completely distinct from any of those, try to make it possible as a plan, so long as it makes even a tiny bit of sense. I've found that GMs often take too harsh a tactic when they expect the party to plan things like this. Either they have a single "correct" plan in mind - and refuse to allow the party to do anything else successfully, turning the whole thing into a "guess what the GM is thinking" game (not fun) - or they get too nitpicky about how it wouldn't make sense for the guards to have obvious holes in their patrol pattern and get obsessed over realism rather than recognizing that you are not, in fact, running a game for a group of actual professional thieves who would know how to overcome sensible security - expect them to be capable of producing plans accordingly. Example: my GM who doesn't give us enough information seems to be of the latter "but it has to make sense" type. He would tell us that our task is to break into a prison. We'd try to plan, but our information gathering efforts often come up with very little information or completely useless information. No layout of the prison. We'd find out when the guards change over, but it would be made very explicit that the change-over didn't leave any holes in security, so that's not useful in any manner. Going over the building itself doesn't reveal any weaknesses. Try to bribe a guard? Turns out that he's loyal to the system and we'd have to do something to silence him before he gives away the whole plan. And like, maybe he wants us to get risky and get ourselves arrested on purpose, but why would we *ever* take that kind of risk when we're constantly punished for trying things we aren't 100% certain will work? In my experience, the best solution is to decide that, whatever plan the party comes up with, there's a chance that it'll actually work. Be explicit that just rushing in without a plan will get them wrecked (and, you know, make that actually true), and then actively dangle a couple of clear hooks for plans in front of them. Once they get used to the idea that you'll reward that kind of thinking, I have no doubt that they'll start coming up with plans on their own.
It's not really that difficult, though. Harder than previous version of D&amp;D, maybe, but to call them superheroes that are difficult to kill is an exaggeration so extreme that it rolls over into just being false.
Me at the end of Hades: "Wait. Did I just win? I beat the last boss on my first attempt? With no respawns left? SERIOUSLY?!" Last boss: *abruptly rushes and kicks the shit out of me in a surprise start to the second phase of the fight.* "... Ah."
I don't think it's that Reddit dislikes all female pop singers, but it doesn't help. Think of it like this: Any given unknown artist starts at 0 points. Then you add or remove points based on style, singing ability, whether they write their own songs, etc. Being popular among teenage girls nets you an automatic and significant penalty in this point system. Does it mean that it's impossible to overcome that and end up popular anyway? No, but it clearly makes it a lot harder. And being a young female pop artist pretty much guarantees that you're going to be popular among teenage girls before you're popular with any other demographic. Honestly it's not just for music artists. Anything that's popular with or for teenage girls is automatically assumed to be terrible and has to be exceptional to win back any respect from... well, not just Reddit, but pretty much anyone.
Yep. My coworker was talking today about how he's comfortable driving, and I mentioned this problem - it's not him I'm worried about. I watched no less than *three different vehicles* slide through a red light or into an opposing lane of traffic walking a block and a half at lunch today. People here drive terribly in the snow.
This is honestly enough to make me want to try watching some of the CW superhero shows. I watched a bit of Arrow and a bit of the Flash. I'd really want to get in on this.
&gt; That information should be freely given, but it should be based on the players doing something to discover it. In my experience players rarely take actions to come up with a plan And how do you imagine you're going to teach them that there's something to discover in the first place, exactly? Like, it strikes me as odd that you, in two sentences, say what you'd wish would happen and then recognize that this doesn't actually happen almost ever, but you're still advocating doing a thing you *clearly* know doesn't work. I'm not trying to be harsh, but this literally does translate into "I think they should plan, but I know they won't and yet I also don't think the GM should actually do anything about that." Maybe once you've fed them a little more information the first few times, they'll learn how to engage in this sort of planning, and you get leave them to take a more active role. You won't have to ask them to do the casing roll after the first few times. You won't have to feed them the information about how the guards aren't paid well, because they'll know that they can go looking for stuff like that and expect to get something back. But to just say "plan the thing" and expect them to guess what that means isn't going to work, regardless of what you want. Show them what you expect, otherwise it's absurd to expect them to do it.
The argument being made is that it shouldn't cost $50k for the extremely limited additional value that the piece of paper gets you.
Yeah, because getting your entire education off of Youtube couldn't *possibly* cause any problems. You know, it's not like anti-vaxxers exist for this reason. Or flat-earthers. Also you realize the benefit of university is not memorizing a bunch of facts, right?
Education also represents a monumental economic value, and it's similarly irresponsible to pretend that that value only exists if you're engaged in a training program for a specific career. You're pretending - wrongly - that the American system is literally the only one that offers liberal arts. If the only way to support your position is to make shit up, you need to recognize that your position is fundamentally flawed, dude. Maybe, just maybe, you should actually learn a tiny bit about how the universities in other countries run before you start acting like their systems support your point. They do not.
That's how it works in every other country with "low" tuition rates. What do you expect, that the tuition for other countries genuinely only costs a couple hundred dollars per semester? No. But the fact that the government pays most of it does mean that the government then has significant power when it comes to negotiating said price, so the cost does come down when this happens.
It most certainly does not cost that to run a university. Most other nations don't have tuition fees that are that high, even after accounting for government subsidies.
I have. I'm not American. I just think that it's fucked up that ya'll don't recognize the value of an education. Your country is burning down and it apparently still doesn't occur to you that a lack of an educated populace might be part of the problem.
&gt;I think it can still have a place in our system, but that simply giving everyone the same expensive liberal arts education our parents found so rewarding is not the right answer. Then it's a good thing that this generally *isn't* what universities are doing, so I'm not sure what point you're trying to make. Most programs are directed towards some form of career, with additional breadth elective requirements that form a small addition to the core course list.
The average tuition for a state university is $10k for a single semester. I suspect you're either being absurdly misleading in how you got to that number (perhaps through failing to mention that your schooling was 90% covered by scholarships) or you're lying. Or you're talking about community college.
The *actual* value of the piece of paper is extremely limited. The fact that our society has assigned a bunch of value to the sheet of paper, well over and above the value we've assigned the actual education being obtained, doesn't change that fact. The fact that a bunch of additional debt for a piece of paper ended up getting you more in the long run is just further evidence of the problem. The value of education in general is extremely high, don't get me wrong. The value of the act of obtaining a diploma is almost nothing, but it's come to serve as a proxy for a lot of value that it shouldn't, and it's come to cost overwhelmingly absurd amounts of money as a result.
I... actually sorta think they should do this? I mean, obvs no not literally, but donate it to auction and give the proceeds to music programs. I'm sure it could buy a reasonable number of beginner instruments.
I'm not talking about the difference between going to a library and getting a structured education. I'm talking about, for example, those who get most of an education and then are forced to drop out for financial reasons. They have most of the education but they can fuck off because they don't have the paper. And I'm also saying that the value of an educated populace pays for itself, and so burying your youth in debt because otherwise they can't get a decent job - because, let's be real, that's why most people go to school, not because of some vague sense of educational value - without the piece of paper. And that has terrible echoing impacts on society as a whole. So yes, the piece of paper isn't worth $50k. The fact that you've convinced yourself that it serves as a fair proxy of the actual value of the education is part of the problem.
She's one of those daytime talkshow host type people. Think like Ellen or Oprah, but the trashiest possible version of that.
I dunno, I've never watched her show on TV, I've only seen it online. But there's a toooon of trashy bullshit on daytime TV, 'cause people watch it.
I'm not really suggesting that other talk shows like that are super classy - only that Wendy Williams is by far the worst one :P
&gt;The problem with asking her to stop is that mom seems to hold grudges whenever she is told something that she doesn't like. That sounds like a her problem. Tell her to stop. If she can handle that like the grown-ass adult she's supposed to be, that's her problem. You're not responsible for her inability to hear the word "no." Just like... out of curiosity, would you have this kind of hesitation if the genders were switched? If your father-in-law was doing something implicitly sexual with your wife, would you care if he might sulk after being told to stop? Because the fact that you're a dude doesn't make this okay.
Unpopular opinion: this isn't gatekeeping. Saying "this piece of media isn't for you" may be aggressive and off-putting (and intentionally so, here), but it's still fundamentally different from saying that you're not allowed to watch it. I can 100% admit that Adventure Time is for children and not for adults without therefore saying that adults aren't welcome to watch it. I mean, I actually think there's something to be said for having a (politer) version of the discussion being brought up in the original article. Women watch and enjoy movies directly aimed at a male audience all the time, but it seems like men (generally speaking) aren't keen on doing the reverse. And like... that's okay, but women seem to be capable of respecting the existence of trashy male-oriented media, so it's fair to ask that men do the same thing. Charlie's Angels was by no means any more stupid than your average testosterone-fueled dumb action movie, but because it was an estrogen-fueled action movie about women dressing up in awesome dresses and generally being femininely badass (as opposed to the more normal strong female character who becomes strong by engaging primarily in masculine behaviours), it's suddenly *so* much worse. I'm by no means trying to say that this movie was a hidden gem or anything - it isn't - but it gets SO much more shit than an equivalently bad movie aimed at men like "normal." Bad or not, a dumb movie about women punching bad guys in high fashion isn't a fundamentally flawed premise the way people acted like it was when the movie was first announced. There's something to be said for calling out the toxic conversations that surrounded the film, especially before it came out. There *were* a lot of men complaining that the movie doesn't looked sufficiently sexed-up, or that they would have preferred hotter actresses or whatever, and yes, then sitting down and pointing out that "this point of this movie is not to get your rocks off, straight men," is a completely valid conversation to have.
&gt;the fact is that 'Off road transportation' is not 'Housing', Why do you keep repeating this? I don't see any indication that they just randomly moved off-road transport into the housing section of the chart. They did a lot of manipulation of the data, don't get me wrong, but there's no reason to believe that they did that in specific. It's much more likely that they simply removed the off-road transport from consideration entirely. Did you miss the fact that the total measured emissions in the city chart was lower? Did it not occur to you that this is because they outright *removed* certain parts of the chart? I'm not saying that this means there *must* be a justifiable reason for doing that, but there are *possibly* justifiable reasons for doing so, which is a drastically different take on the situation from yours, which is an accusation of unrepentant lying about the nature of the data in question.
&gt;How does a category like "Residential buildings" which includes both single-family and multi unit dwellings go from 15.6% to just "Single family homes" at 19%. By lowering the total emissions being considered. Which is what happened. If you have 100 objects and 15 of them are yellow (12 are lemon yellow and 3 are sunshine yellow), and then you remove 30 non-yellow objects from the pool for unrelated reasons, the result is that you can now say that 17% of your objects are lemon yellow, and that's true, even though it doesn't make intuitive sense that you suddenly have a higher percentage of lemon yellow objects than you had yellow objects before. And this isn't me saying that the data wasn't manipulated to be misleading. It still looks bizarre and bad that they moved multi-tenant units in with commercial stuff. But it's important to recognize that it's *possible* that this data isn't completely fabricated, which is what you're suggesting.
&gt;could someone give me a reason why i’m being downvoted for this? At a guess, because there is a 100% chance that someone looking for an excuse to be a dickhead will take your experience and use it to justify being a dickhead to someone else. It's not that your experience isn't valid, but your experience *is* the exception rather than the rule, and people don't really need to be given a pass to be jerks. It's not *your* fault that someone would use your experience in that way, but it is a fact of life that someone will, if they see it. So I guess you're getting downvoted to make it less likely that it'll be seen.
&gt;Where exactly did I say I’m either fat shaming or encouraging such practices? Context. It's a thing. You were the one who chose to pop up to complain that the ill health of fat people are putting pressure on your waller in *direct response* to a comment about how it's dumb to pretend health concerns justify fat-shaming. If you can't figure out why that comes across as trying to justify fat-shaming, maybe it's time to take some remedial courses on basic human communication.
&gt;Walmart produce is all they can afford. I'm sure driving away most other low-education jobs in favour of jobs at Walmart is going to help.
Walmart is not the solution to that problem. Defending them will only put more people into your friend's position.
I already answered that question, if you'd please read the whole comment. Social support like UBI are the more sustainable and appropriate solution. In the mean time, I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that we do, in fact, already have a Walmart in Victoria where she can shop. There are also a number of food banks available in the city.
It's neither, because you're being so extreme in your misrepresentation of my points that I wonder if you're even capable of basic reading comprehension.
&gt; Coun. Sarah Potts said there are a number of studies showing the benefits of providing lunch to employees. Oh okay, so you're going to offer to buy lunch for literally every city employee then, right? Because it's overall beneficial and has a high ROI, apparently, right?
&gt;”What? You don’t like the conversation?” Oh, you mean the conversation where you assume that OP's pain isn't real because you don't personally suffer it? I fucking wonder why she wouldn't like that conversation, dickhead. As a petty bitch, my recommendation is that you bring up his "I'm in pain all the time" bullshit the next time he says he's in pain for anything. "Why would a headache bother you? I thought you suffered all strong manly-like through your pain for 30 years. What's a little headache to you now?"
I don't get why people always act like they only have the two options of "girls" and "women" anyway. 99% of the time, if someone is trying to refer to a woman or a group of women of above the age of like 14 or 15 where I live, they get referred to as "lady" (as in "I paid that lady on the register" or "I spoke to a lady on the phone" or "There was a lady at the park"). I dunno what the whole paranoia about "woman" vs "girl" is - just call them "lady" or even "young lady" and it's totally fine. More polite than "woman" anyway.
&gt;No one really. It's a personal moral and ethical question. So you genuinely think that the take of a high school student who thought about an issue for 5 seconds is just as worthwhile as that of a PhD in ethical philosophy? *Really?*
Defensive, are we? I said nothing about what position might be held by the doctor in question - only that it's ridiculous to assume that all ethical opinions should be viewed as equal. Some people really *are* experts in ethics. It's too bad you can't deal with that relatively straightforward observation without jumping to angry conclusions about how their opinion is worthless because you can't deal with the possibility that a *hypothetical* expert *might* disagree with you. Also, I don't think you know what "nuance" means, because pretty much every person educated in moral philosophy has a nuanced opinion by definition.
Lol you're eager to insult an imaginary ethics PhD, but *I'm* somehow whiny. Sure, okay buddy, whatever you say.
&gt;Intention is going to evolve, whether that evolves positively or negatively is entirely up to you. Actually no, it isn't. That's not what intention means. You're thinking of interpretation. I'll continue this comment taking it on good faith that this was just a vocab mistake - that's fine, it happens sometimes. But yes, interpretation is going to evolve with time, I agree. That's why I'm so baffled about your insistence that people are not allowed to try to take control of the evolution of that interpretation. The current context of the statues is *heavily* biased towards an extremely misleading interpretation, but you don't seem to be willing to recognize that, and equate fixing that problem with the destruction of history. It isn't - it's appropriately updating the context of the object to reflect a more accurate historical narrative. Moving them is the only valid way to preserve their *accurate* history. The history is that these men went to war in order to continue to own other human beings as slaves. The current context of the statues is misleading, making it look like these people were heroes who fought a valiant battle for freedom. This is wrong, and needs to be fixed to provide a more accurate reflection of what really happened. If you're this resistant to the idea of being clear about that history, maybe it's time you do a little self-reflection about whether or not the preservation of legitimate history is really your concern, here.
You're right. And one of the ways to explicitly encourage that change is to move them into a more appropriate context less likely to glorify them. The implication that moving statues out of positions of honour is "destroying history" is ridiculous. Nothing is being destroyed - they're being *moved* into a context where their nature as a reminder of past evils is made explicit. I can't figure out why people hate the idea of being explicitly honest about what the statues actually are. If you can't handle the idea of pointing out that these people were racists who fought to own other human beings, then you need to sit down and really reflect on whether you actually just think that this is an issue of preserving history. You're not preserving history if you get upset at the idea of actually being accurate about said history.
&gt;I'm telling you if someone have a ethical philosophy phd and cannot see the nuance in when someone becomes a human and when they deserve human rights then they should not have the degree. Good thing that's not what I'm talking about, then, isn't it? &gt;You though, have said nothing. No, I said that the premise of the idea that ethical experts don't exist is flawed. The fact that you're not capable of differentiating that from a commentary on abortion is your problem. &gt;If some fool told you these are solved issues, ethically speaking, I'm not sure whether to be angry at their lies or sympathetic to your gullibility. Good thing I didn't say that, either, then, isn't it? It's rather difficult to hold a conversation with someone who can't figure out what was actually said without projecting a monster-sized strawman onto the relatively simple point being made. Let me be clear, honey: I haven't said anything about abortion. My argument was not about abortion. I don't plan on getting into an argument about abortion with you (for reasons not the least of which include your apparent inability to actually read what's being said without hyping yourself into a frenzy over imagined arguments). I'm pointing out that it's flawed to suggest that all ethical positions should be considered with equal merit. That's all. You can calm down now.
You know, as much as I hate it, I can at least sort of get why male authors get weirdly obsessed with describing women's boobs. But what I don't get is why they personify them. BOOBS DON'T FEEL COMPASSION WHAT THE FUCK DOES THAT EVEN MEAN
I think part of the issue is that spending money on microtransactions is incredibly normalized for modern children in a way that it wasn't 10 or 20 years ago. I mean, sure, my parents would never have given me money to buy hats for Mario or whatever, because I never would have asked for that. To go "lol my parents wouldn't have bought me this" misses the point, because your parents almost certainly *did* buy you something else that you begged for when they didn't fully get the appeal or desire for it. The issue isn't that parents ever buy their children things that they don't understand - that's a pretty normal thing. The issue is that, ***in this case***, the thing the parents don't understand is dangerous and can create a gambling addiction in a person who already lacks the capacity for self-control. If you had an addiction as a child, yes, you would have stolen your parents money for that bullshit. Because that's how addictions work.
&gt;but the issue is not about children gambling in this case, it's about adults not securing their fucking credit cards So you genuinely want to argue that large corporations luring children into casinos dressed up as games is perfectly acceptable, as long as their parents don't give them money to spend there. Really?
&gt;I think it's just as much of an issue as casinos doing it. You know that it's ***illegal*** for casinos to do that, yea? Many casinos can't even legally permit a child to enter the building. I don't think you're making the argument you think you're making, here.
lol wat, who confuses art deco with brutalism?!
I don't think any of those are easily mistaken for brutalism. You'd have to slice off literally every facing of all of those buildings to even start suggesting they look brutalist, and even that's very questionable.
I'm also pleased with the humor. I loved the fact that there's just this completely random and amazing Marie Kondo joke, but it's something many people would miss because it's in some random house that there's no reason to enter.
Knowing that someone has beamed audio of you to another phone might alone be enough to deter people. Most people who engage in these sorts of attacks operate on the assumption that they'll get away with it. Plus, sadly, the fact of the matter is that strangers in the area generally *don't* come to the aid of victims in these attacks. They'd prefer not to get involved. That and many such attacks happen in situations where there aren't people around, so blowing a whistle for no one to hear is even more useless. And... I mean, why are you assuming that this is a replacement? What has you so convinced that a woman wouldn't carry both?
Whaaat? You mean they're creating 1000 beds for a virus that I already said has already had 1300 confirmed cases? Well, I dunno what to say. Clearly this is proof that they have way more cases, what with the fact that the hospital is sized almost exactly to the size of the existing outbreak. This must mean they're lying and plan to... what, hide these other cases somewhere else? Do you think the hospital is a distraction? Healthy skepticism is one thing, but you've pulled this accusation from nowhere and, given no actual evidence of the issue, have started trying to make up evidence where there is none. The thing about skepticism is that you have to be open to *every* possibility so that you can come to the correct conclusion with an open mind. It is not assuming that literally everything is a lie and then going to unrealistic lengths to seek out tenuous evidence to confirm your existing position. Your articles are both talking about the hospitals as marvels of engineering, with no mention of this being evidence of additional cases. You think, maybe, there might possibly be a *reason* for that?
If you didn't want to get into a debate on the issue, don't post an essay outlining your opinion and justifications for that opinion. What did you expect, that the whole website would bow down to your clear wisdom? No. There are inherent logical flaws in the arguments made. I don't even have to disagree with your core premise to recognize them. But it's on you to defend your claims about morality being applicable only to humans if you're going make the argument in the first place. If you don't want to get into a debate, why the hell did you post what is basically an opening statement for a debate?
I mean, in theory, sure, but reasonably speaking we don't have the kind of public transit system necessary to genuinely claim it should be treated as a privilege. Maybe we should fix that so we can actually appropriately respond to things like this.
&gt;To get value out of the Temcard+, you need to fail at least 5 TIMES with a normal card, which almost never happens. Can someone please explain this further to me? Why do you need to fail 5 times in order for a Temcard+ to work?
Go for a walk while your code compiles. Treat yourself to a trip down to the local cafe for a tea every day (aim to find one that gets you at least 5 minutes of walking each way). Do 20 reps of an exercise every time you go to the bathroom (I like squats for this). Find an active class (martial arts, dance, yoga, etc) of some kind that you can sign up for near the office and go a couple of days a week, either right after work or even in the middle of the afternoon - talk to your boss about taking an hour off during core hours with the promise that either you'll make up additional time by staying a bit later those days, if that's necessary to get your work done.
Right yeah. Please tell me more about how a game that has no purchases beyond the extremely reasonable cost of the game itself is a "cashgrab," especially when compared to Pokemon's "please buy two full-price games to actually catch 'em all" bullshit.
The effect is actually the passed back to the children - if the parent is told their child has had sugar, the kid will actually start behaving more erratically in response to the parent's expectations.
I mean, that's nice, but there are actual studies on the issue and there's no evidence to support the idea that sugar intake meaningfully changes a child's behaviour (any more than eating other food would).
Because children respond to the expectations of the adults around them. It's far more likely that your son's "crazy eyes" is a direct response to you assuming he's going to go crazy after sugar than it is the result of the actual sugar eaten.
This is also why people think that all vegans are raging guilt-machines. Chances are way better that the "nice" vegans are people you assume aren't vegan because they don't talk about it with acquaintances.
Er... I lived in Toronto for 15 years and didn't see a single trans person that didn't pass until year 12 or so. I'm not sure why you think this requires that you live in bum-fuck Alabama.
Oh I mean the kind where you basically take a variety of dried foods and dump them into a pot with water - people often will make a bunch in mason jars and store them away for ease, but you don't need to do that if you don't want. You'll find lots of examples if you google "mason jar soup."
and what were you doing?
&gt;So if you give them quick energy in the form of sugar then they are more able to act and continue acting on those impulses. Children do not become more impulsive when provided sugar. So yes, what they said was false.
that's the watchface i've been using since Christmas too :D Did you know the daytime/nighttime indicator on the left is the battery?
'Cause like... metaphors are a thing that exist. They don't have to be perfect one-to-one comparisons, you know.
As long as you let the vegans know beforehand, that's cool. You're not required to accommodate them. I do think it's a dick move if there was an unspoken pattern of accommodating them that you broke without warning them first, though.
Are... you suggesting that Mexicans plan to genocide white Americans? Really?
&gt; What happened to the native Americans is a good example of why illegal immigration should be curtailed So yes, you are suggesting the immigrants are trying to kill you.
Buddy, this conversation has gone on longer than just the one comment. You do know that, right?
&gt;at least a hundred times You'd probably want to do quite a lot more than 100 to check in on that factoid. It's not especially unlikely that you'd get like 40/60 or something drastically off, and it would be extremely incorrect to suggest that this means the results actually are 40/60, statistically speaking.
https://lmgtfy.com/?q=positive+masculinity
&gt;Big city liberals use all of those minerals in mass. This is definitely false evidence of some kind of "fault." What alternatives do you propose, exactly? It's like getting angry that an environmentalist uses a car without considering the context. If they *could* use something else, they probably would. If they lived in a city with robust public transit, they'd probably use it. If they don't, then yes, they need to use a car to drive to work, because they still live in reality regardless of what they want from their local transit system. Does that mean literally every environmentally considerate person just *has* to move to a city with good public transit in order to "count" as a real environmentalist? No, because that's an absurd thing to say and certainly won't result in any of the other cities fixing their shit. It's not reasonable to call someone a hypocrite for living in an imperfect society, especially when *they're* the ones trying to fight to change it.
And like, this isn't the first time I've seen this! It's a pattern across many books, where the author acts like boobs are a balloon that get inflated with arousal. Wat.
Fuck. I literally laughed aloud in the office. Now people suspect me of redditting work and it's your fault :P
Heh, don't I know it. I play a frankly ridiculous number of dice-based RPGs, so I've seen enough unbelievable luck to know that everything happens *eventually*. That's what made me call out "flip a coin 100 times" as a misleading suggestion in the first place. I've done that kind of thing enough times to know that it's pretty likely you're *not* going to just magically get the 50/50 or 49/51 or whatever the actual chances of of a coin flip are. But actually I took stats in university, so I like to think I at least *sort of* know what I'm doing. I'm just 10 years out from that and I think suspect I calculated, say, the chances of getting a number of heads fewer than 50, without considering the other half of that set of possibilities (that you can get more than 50 as well). I did work it out, and the fact that I got something around 45% makes me think that's what it was. It's funny though - our intuition of stats is actually so bad that many video games have taken to lying about the chances of succeeding on something to make it align better with our intuition. If you play a game where it says you have a 95% chance to hit, there's a *really* good chance that the game is actually using 99 or even 100% under the hood. Most famous example I can think of is XCOM, partly because the Long War mod explicitly changed the chances to hit to actually match what was written on the screen.
Upbeat works really well. Plus, in the right context, perky is actually fine, but don't stick "perky" ambiguously next to another physical descriptor because then it sounds like you're saying she looks perky. As in, her boobs.
I never suggested there wasn't. That's completely irrelevant to the point. "I buy shit from you sometimes, so you should be happy to handle all my problems for me" is not a good argument.
Okay well, if you're gonna stick your fingers in your ears and go "BuT mUh AgEnCy" instead of actually reading the points being made, I hope you have fun with that. Edit: lol nice, you stealth-rewrote your entire comment.
&gt; youre out here trying to thought police, and im about to tell you to go fuck yourself translation: I can't handle the fact that someone is questioning my flimsy-ass point and, instead of actually responding to it, i'mma just whine about "thought police" and pretend that counts as an argument.
&gt; My point was that the human body doesnt care about "18" I never said it did, so I'm not clear on why you choose to go on a super unclear rant based on that. &gt; Its more about the fact that a 16 year old person should have the agency to determine that outcome, and not have to worry about some fucked up notion of rape or pedo because of technicalities. I dunno why you're harping on this so hard when *they largely do*. The vast majority of places with age of consent laws have exceptions that allow 16-year-olds to consent to other 16-year-olds. And if you're genuinely having this much of a tantrum about the idea that 16-year-old isn't granted the "agency" to consent to a 40-year-old, then you need to step back and get some fucking perspective, dude.
&gt; broooo, just shut up why are you even here Lol man, what a well-explained and totally sensible defense of your position. You've totally changed my mind here, man. You're absolutely right.
&gt; he made a lot of positive social strides that are ignored. Do you have any actual examples of these because... I honestly can't think of any. I get that he's not the root cause of these issues, but he's methodically worked to make them worse for his entire presidency by dismantling any and every form of oversight in every possible way.
&gt; But you are pitching the idea that voting for the guy that isn’t Trump is going to help fix this. Well... yes. Because voting for someone who isn't systematically doing everything in his power to make it *worse* is going to be better, pathetic a choice as it is.
Yo, first time I read through your story I thought your hubby went over to his buddy's place *on this own* and the dude said something about your short-shorts. I was gonna say that your hub's friend is an asshole for being so judgmental. But then I realize *you were there* and your husband *left you in the car for an hour* and just.... what the actual fuck is wrong with your husband?
&gt; If individual police officers want to be allies then they should be able to see why the police as an institution, represented by the uniform, is not an ally to many people taking part in Pride. And how do you expect them to work to change that when you're denying them an avenue to seek that change?
Thank you. This explanation is literally all I've been asking for this entire time. I don't particularly agree, but at least now I get what you were trying to say.
&gt; Those companies don't really care about social issues other than to take advantage of the publicity While true, it's still a good thing because advertising is a BIG part of normalizing things. It's a really sad observation on the state of the world, I think, but that doesn't change the truth of it.
You're putting a lot of words in my mouth, here. &gt; Tell me something, do you feel the same way when a bullied student goes to school strapped to the teeth and kills classmates that had nothing to do with the bullying? Do you justify the death of the other classmates to get back at the original bully? Okay, one, the implication that the protesters are collectively *murdering people* is ridiculous. Looting isn't murder. The protestors aren't physically harming people. But even outside the extremely absurd comparison between theft and *murder*, I don't blame the unrelated victims of looting, either. But you'll notice that a huge amount of the looting is happening to corporate entities more than individuals. That's not by accident. The looting started because a group of *peaceful* protestors went to get milk to relieve the pain of being teargassed and were denied service. They denied service to the innocent victims of police violence. Don't pretend like the looting targets are all just innocent bystanders in this. The majority of them are part of the same system of oppression being protested. And maybe, if they'd listened back when the protests were peaceful against them, too, instead of threatening the livelihoods of the poorest members of our society when they tried to pursue their *legal right* to unionize or to protest for higher wages, they wouldn't be in this position either. Besides, if you want to extend the analogy further, let's talk about the fact that the school administrators (aka cops) have show up to the school with tanks and are now bombing classrooms in an attempt to take down these angry victims of bullying, harming *far more* innocent bystanders than any one else. &gt; are the students who fall victim in the school responsible for the piss-poor management by the school administrators? I never said they were, so I'm not sure how that's relevant. I'm saying the school administrators are, and that I place *all* of the blame on them for this. For admins to sit around and cry about how they could never have done anything to stop a senseless tragedy when there exists years of video evidence of them not only *permitting* the bullying, but encouraging it and codifying its existence into the school's rules, then I would call out their bullshit in *exactly* the same way. Especially since, again, the admins are responding to this with violence against the entire student body that *far exceeds* anything the protestors have tried to do.
&gt; said I'm fine with peaceful protests and the message is good. No, you didn't. You responded to my comment about protestors by talking about looters. You conflated them. If it was accidental, then own up to it and admit your originally comment was badly phrased instead of complaining that we read what you wrote instead of what you meant.
This is what happens when the police take away every other means of engaging with them in good faith. They spent decades proving over and over and over again that they won't listen when asked nicely so... yes, now they're being *forced* to listen. That's what happens. It's unfortunate that it's come to this, but this whole idea of "just ask nicely and the cops will listen!" is naive in the extreme.
Yeah, uh, you're brother's a huge asshole. The fact that you told him the truth and he had a temper tantrum over it is not *your* problem. What a childish reaction, jeez.
Ehhhhhhh.... YTA, but only a little bit of one. It makes perfect sense for you to be upset and to demand that she not do this again, but getting petty and condescending about it is unnecessary. When you're angry, you often have to pick between making yourself feel better and actually fixing the problem. Sounds to me like you consciously picked the former and choose to be more dickish about explaining the issue than you actually needed to be because you felt she deserved it. In doing so, you've made it that much less likely that she's actually going to take the lesson seriously.
This idea that our problems can be laid exclusively at the feet of Americans is super dangerous. We aren't a perfect people, and we wouldn't be so regardless of the state of our southern neighbour. It feels really good to push off all our issues into "well Americans made us do it" but honestly, we need to take responsibility for our own shit. It's a little sad how much pride we take in being not American. Don't get me wrong, I get it - we shouldn't *want* to be like that dumpster fire. But that's an embarrassingly low bar - we could be bathing in a dumpster of our own and still be proud of ourselves because at least it's not on *fire*. That's not *really* something to be proud of.
Oh, don't get me wrong, that's a problem - I just had the dumbest possible conversation with someone a couple of weeks ago who thought we had a second amendment and that it involved a right to firearms. But like... we aren't racist because Americans are racist and we absorbed that. We're plenty racist all on our own. Getting rid of American TV isn't going to change that.
I love this so much, and it always makes me wonder why we (being like... just anybody who isn't a racist) don't do this with *all* white supremacist stuff. Why can't we do exactly the same thing with all the random-ass symbols that Nazis keep "claiming"? Like let's get a movement going to make 88 a completely meaningless number again. Or give it a better meaning. Or just anything other than letting Nazis claim a *fucking number*.
I'm super not disagreeing with you, but I wonder what actions you'd expect him to take? I actually just genuinely don't know what he could offer, given that he has no actual power anymore.
&gt; Is this really how it works? It works however you need it to work at the time. That's the beauty of tarot. There isn't a hard and fast set of rules for how you're *supposed* to read or ask or do anything else. All the "rules" are more guidelines that help you get in touch with your own intuition. The cards, in the end, aren't really saying or doing *anything*. You are. The cards are just a tool that you use to focus and explore your own intuition and self-awareness. If you feel the cards are telling you something, that's because *you* are telling *yourself* something. So listen :)
Yeah, that's true, he has a lot of money he could put to good use.
H is the 8th letter of the alphabet, so Nazis started using it to represent HH (standing for Hail Hitler). Basically it was supposed to be a "secret" symbol that allows Nazis to recognize each other. It became less secret as it became more socially acceptable to be an open Nazi (which is a phrase I still can't believe can be honestly used), but it still gets used as a symbol among the neo-Nazi movement.
Dude... read the room. I don't care whether or not you're right - being a condescending douche about it is unhelpful. We're in the middle of a riot that threatens to burn down half the country because black people are still being so badly mistreated by people in positions of authority, and you sit back and think "yeah, I really think *now* is the right time to patronizingly explain to a black person why I feel his anger is irrational." Like... buddy, let it go. It doesn't even matter which of you is technically in the right. You need to get some perspective. Realize that there is a lot of shit that's worth being angry and resentful about as a black person in America, and maybe have some sympathy for that experience instead of getting into dumbass internet arguments about how it's not fair that he gets to use a word when you look like a dickhead for doing the same thing. Grow up, man.
Honestly, dude, being a drunk was maybe the only defense you could have had for your cruelty, and now you're trying to deny yourself even that? If you were an alcoholic, then this would be something you could *fix*. But if you insist you're not, then this is just who you are, and that... may actually be worse.
I meant the "back to business" part. I'm not what "business" you think we'd have to get back to if we completely cut off the island from anyone and anything from the mainland. Like... you know the ferries are part of where our *food comes from*, right?
You know, pretending you don't understand the meaning of a word in context is not the *best* way to prove your own intelligence. Just saying.
If Nazis are allowed to use the 88 as a symbol, so am I. If LGBTQ people are allowed to the rainbow as a symbol, so am I. There's nothing inconsistent or hypocritical about that just because I *happen* to want to use to 88 symbol in a way that opposes Nazis while wanting to use the rainbow symbol in a way that supports the LGBTQ community. So yes, I kinda think you *are* confused about the freedom of speech thing, because the only issue you take with my supposed "hypocrisy" here is that I'm choosing to use my speech to contradict one group while using my speech to support another. Which... yes, is pretty much the very definition of the confusion I mentioned. Your "universal principle" is that anyone has the right to try to use a symbol and, in so doing, imbue it with meaning. I've never once said anything to the contrary. *You* can try to use the rainbow to oppose LGBTQ people if you want. A couple of churches have tried that exact thing, in fact. And *I* will use the rainbow symbol to reinforce the existing meaning of said symbol, because imbuing meaning into a symbol is something we all have the right to do. The fact that you don't *like* the meanings I'm choosing to imbue (and would encourage others to do the same) is completely irrelevant.
That is a *lot* more that slightly.
On the other hand, there's also been a shift whereby you're not allowed to personally dislike a representation of a bad thing as long as there isn't an endorsement. As if there's no validity in the position of "I'm tired of 80% of male POV characters being a 'little bit sexist' as their primary character flaw."
Performative activism would definitely be an appropriate term for this specific *type* of virtue signalling, but there are other types. A good (if slightly over-the-top) example of non-activism-related virtue signalling would be something like this: say you just had a newborn child, right? You have this sister who *never* speaks to you and *never* visits you. She shows up at your door claiming that she's here to help with the new baby - she wants to help you cook and clean while you and your spouse bond with the baby and get some much-needed rest after the birth. Except then she comes in, does a couple of token tasks and takes a billion selfies while doing them. The tasks are done so badly that you have to redo them *anyway*, and then she starts whining that you're being bad hosts because *you* aren't making dinner for *her*. And when you kick her the fuck out of your house, you jump on FB the next day to find that she's posted a bunch of photos of herself "helping" and is gushing about how she's such an amazing aunt to the new baby and all her friends are praising her for being so selfless and helpful.
No, no, I was mostly just trying to be witty. Calling it only *slightly* sexist seems like a massive understatement, is all :P
I've actually had weirdly good luck just googling things like "opaque blouse" and "women's pants with pockets" and stuff like that. There are apparently a bunch of smaller clothing companies that seem eager to try to fill the niche.
&gt; “I told you leaving home to chase some wild unrealistic dream was a bad idea” Can I just say this is the **dumbest** possible response to the pandemic? You took a sensible, calculated risk that made perfect sense at the time with the information you had available to you, and she's gloating because you didn't magically guess that the whole world would shut down for *months* because of a pandemic? Is she *actually* trying to suggest that she saw this coming somehow and that was why she didn't want you to leave? That's like... full-on delusional.
&gt; We've stopped therapy because our counsellor was not helping us at all, so now I feel like I'm completely alone in this. Honestly, go find another therapist. You guys need it. I feel like your boyfriend has some issues beyond just the accident itself - the fact that he feels he can't be honest with you, and the fact that your whole bedroom is dead and not just the anal part. If you've been trying to deal with this for a year, it's not likely to be something he'll be able to deal with on his own, even with your support. Ya'll need a professional.
&gt; buying two pre owned games and getting one 50% off. And of course, they apply the 50% off to the cheapest game that I picked out. I mean... yes, because that's the deal. That's how every BOGO deal in the universe works. That isn't just a Gamestop thing. The Starbucks thing isn't BOGO.
&gt; She should have asked everyone in the queue Why? That would arguably take longer than the actual wait for the woman to check out with her 4 things. Maybe if she'd had an overflowing cart full of stuff, but she was ill and added like 90 seconds to their day, tops. People need to calm the fuck down XD
Nope. NTA. It's not "mansplaining" if you're correcting something she's genuinely wrong about. Mansplaining is when a dude just *assumes* a woman doesn't know anything about a topic (despite there usually being evidence to the contrary) and starts talking down to her. Mansplaining is when you go to an AI conference where just about everyone present is some kind of impressive figure in the field and you start explaining in simple-terms a specific AI topic to a woman because you've just assumed she's an assistant or a journalist or something, despite the fact that, in reality, she wrote a book on the topic you're trying to explain. This is not that.
Literally this entire comment applies to policing as a whole, so I don't really understand why you're acting like the anger at cops wouldn't somehow apply here. It's one bad apple, they need better training, etc, etc... So why is it sensible to protest police in general and to mistrust your average cop, but when those *exact same* untrustworthy cops are in a position of authority over children, it's all of a sudden a wholly different thing to you?
NTA It may seem, right now, to you, like an overreaction to this specific incident (it isn't, but I can see why you might wonder), but that isn't what this is. This is the final act in a pattern of behaviour that convinced you that they're not making an effort to be the family they should be to you, and that's okay. It's okay for you to drop that rope. You've been putting in effort to help them be the family you deserve for *years*, and they've done nothing in return. You don't need to put effort in to get nothing in return anymore. Maybe, some day, you will be in a place where you might *let* them put that effort in, now that they understand there are consequences for their actions. But you don't *owe* them that. You don't owe them anything. You can do that if *you* want to, if you think it would be healthy for you to allow them to make it up to you, when *you* are ready for that to happen. Otherwise, you don't ever need to speak to them again.
&gt; There was no need to push him and absolutely no excuse for walking past him as he lays on the ground bleeding. Yep. The shove? I'm not surprised by the shove at all. It was a grossly unnecessary show of force, but it wasn't a *surprise*. But watching the video as a parade of cops just walked by and around him while he lay on the ground bleeding from his head? That made me nauseous. What the *fuck*.
I wouldn't call the injury and callous disregard of an elderly man neutral or straightforward, either, so the language seems pretty on-point. Emotional language is not inherently alarmist. You're gonna have to do better than "this guy sounds rightfully pissed about a thing that is actually happening" before I'll buy anything about alarmism here.
So... what, nobody should ever be realistic about the negative repercussions of what's happening? How does that make any sense? You can't seriously expect that people are going to continue fighting for change while pretending like the cops are just going to lay down and accept the dismantling of their illegitimate authority. I get that there does come a point where getting *overly* emotional and spreading fear is a bad idea, but you're not calling for a realistic description of what is *actually* happening - you're calling for people to lie about what is guaranteed to be the consequences of these riots. The cops are ***going to crack down***. That's not an emotion response - that's just a fact. They're already doing it, they're already escalating, they're already using absurd overwhelming violence that is getting progressively more extreme. To sit here and demand that nobody admit that's what is *actually happening* is naive at best, and nobody is going to stop being afraid of that violence just because you demand that we not admit it's happening. Besides, you claim that "getting prepared" won't help, but we already know for a fact that isn't true. Protest groups are organizing to create squads of riot medics who can respond to injuries inflicted by the increasing police violence. Protesters are using this awareness of the violence to find and spread means of protecting themselves. Being aware of the threat is not a *bad thing*.
&gt; EMT/MEDIC is on the scene and they are the ones not on the line that can assist Oh come on, cops know how to administer first aid. That's a bullshit excuse.
No, *you're* intentionally misframing the problem. Don't pretend like it's somehow impossible for a school to operate successfully without a resident cop. Removing police from society entirely is not the same thing as removing police from a school when they can still come if they're called.
The thing is, I'm just really thrown off by this idea that a cop in schools is a normal and almost necessary thing. Most places outside the US don't have SROs, so this idea that we should keep them even if they're not really *helping* strikes me as kinda bizarre. Schools are completely capable of operating without them. If we're gonna have them, they should be required to actually be *shown* to be a positive influence.
Not only is it not as bad, it's not an organized group. The Klan is an actual organization, with leaders and ranks and a hierarchy, like a racist Boy Scouts org. Antifa is just the word for anyone who is willing to go to unusual extremes to fight fascism.
NTA. I would have gone with NAH had she not asked you twice - it would have been understandable for both you to be honest and her to be upset. But you gave her a good answer about cooking at home more, and she continued to push. It's entirely her problem that she pushed so hard for an answer she clearly wasn't willing to hear.
Imagine sitting down to a restaurant dinner with your family, and having the wait staff serve everyone *but* you. Now imagine how fucking stupid it would sound if, when you said "I would like to eat, please," everyone else at the table told you to STFU because "*everyone* wants to eat, stop being so self-centered and demanding special treatment."
I knew Ford's "good guy" act wasn't going to last. Dammit.
&gt; is disabled, at least partly due to him, Woah woah woah, that's a big deal. What do you mean, she's disabled partly *due to him*? I honestly kinda think this is important - if your brother caused life-long damage to his wife and then refused to give her anything in the will, I actually think that really changes the context of this story a lot.
&gt; it's surely not because he simply forgot he's got an ex-wife who could need it too. You're right, it's surely not - but considering OP says *he disabled her*, it sounds a lot like there's a story going on there that might matter a lot.
&gt; but saying "the waitress that my husband flirts with" is a huge downplay. I disagree - that would have been perfectly fine, especially since OP hasn't indicated that this is anything more than that. It's perfectly reasonable to read this story as a flirty waitress who preyed on the husband's generosity.
&gt; Victoria is like a bigger version of Kitchener/ Waterloo With the extremely key difference being that Vic is missing the public transit infrastructure KW has.
Not OP, but the definition you quoted is literally the only one I've ever heard. This thread is the first time I'm my life I've ever encountered it as meaning anything in anime or porn.
There are a shockingly wide variety of cooking oils available so I actually wouldn't be surprised if gf's mom uses a weird one that OP has actually just never encountered before in his life.
&gt; I simply just people as I saw them. A lot of people knew we were struggling so wanted to see how we were getting on. Were *you* the one bringing it up, or were you answering honestly to those who asked you directly about it? If the former, YTA. If the latter, not so much (though maybe the people asking you about your pregnancy at someone else's wedding really should have known better).
&gt;and spending a couple of hours every day planning and preparing a meal (picky husband) is not helping. I brought up getting takeout at least once a week till my exams get over but he got very angry that I was valuing my convenience over our health. No, you're valuing your mental health over... honestly nothing. The chances of getting covid from take-out are comically, pointlessly, stupidly low. *He*, meanwhile, is valuing his laziness over your stress, your happiness, and your health. If he hates the idea of takeout that much, he can cook. Yeah, sweetie, he's the asshole here, not you.
Doesn't sound to me like you actually think you're the asshole :P
Clearly NTA. &gt; Yelled at me, mum, and dad saying they were trying to turn me against him Lol no, buddy, you did that yourself by lying to your wife about *naming your child* (seriously, who the fuck does that?!) and choosing actively not to be a father. What the fuck is this dude thinking, claiming a right to your life now? &gt; I've gotten a mixed response, with most people saying I should apologise to William. Man, all the people on FB who are giving you shit should be ashamed of themselves. Like, they either know the dude and therefore know *very well* the kind of shit father he's been to you, or they don't know him that well, in which case what the *hell* are they thinking getting involved in such a personal matter? &gt; Mum and dad are on my side but say that I should probably take the comment down, anyway, to avoid further bullshit. Nah, IMO William caused the bullshit by posting his lie on FB in the first place. You taking down your defense could easily make it worse because then nobody has any reason to suspect that his story isn't the whole one. On the other hand, though, if you take the comment down, then his shitty friends will have a harder time getting into contact with you, so it might insulate you from the bullshit, so it might be worthwhile. It's up to you.
IMO, blood magic is just magic. There's a lot about it that's scary and dangerous, of course - what *isn't* scary about the idea of turning someone into a blood puppet - but that's true of most magic. It's not *really* any more scary than like... setting an entire room on fire or paralyzing a bunch of people and trapping them inside a nightmare, all of which you can do with perfectly acceptable schools of magic. The thing that makes blood magic dangerous is the Chantry. The lore has been pretty clear that there are *many* ways to learn blood magic and one of the things most dangerous about it - the fact that you "have to" learn it from a demon - isn't a part of the fundamental nature of blood magic itself, but rather it's only true because the Chantry has systematically destroyed every other method of learning the practice. You could learn it from a book the way you learn elemental magic, except that the Chantry burned all the books. And yes, absolutely, the idea of using *someone else's* blood to cast spells is extremely dangerous, don't get me wrong, but it's hardly true to suggest that "I will use another person against their will to serve my own power" is a problem that exists solely within the practice of blood magic. Me? I think the reason the Chantry misrepresents the danger of blood magic, I think the reason they burned all the books and *made* it more dangerous, is because they hate the fact that it effectively immunizes a mage from one of the primary methods of templar control - you can't effectively drain a blood mage of mana. All the rest of it, all the other stuff about blood magic being this separate thing that is just fundamentally evil for "reasons" is just bullshit justifications they wrote afterwards to make themselves and everyone else feel more ethically vindicated about the choice to ban it - "we didn't ban it because it took power away, we banned it because it's eViL!"
I'll be real, I was fully prepared to call you the asshole until I got to this part: &gt;She has a real bad habit of deciding any food she fancies is fair game and eating other people's stuff without asking. We had a problem with it a little while ago when she ate some cupcakes dad made to take to work, and on at least two occasions she's drunk entire bottles of wine Mum bought. So, you're not yelling at her because she ate you're pizza. You're yelling at her because she crossed a boundary you've set multiple times and is, at this point, just showing completely flagrant disrespect for everyone else in the house. It might have been a mistake the first time, maybe even the second time, but there's no way this is an honest mistake anymore - she just doesn't give a fuck. And that's definitely worth getting that upset over. NTA.
Yeah, I could see making the mistake once, maybe even twice - maybe she thought the food is just communal (and thus expected that other people would feel comfortable taking her food, too), or maybe she thought the first time she got called out it was because that food in particular was special (the cupcakes were for work and *that* was the problem, not with food sharing in general). But even that's being pretty generous, and this clearly isn't the first or second time.
Oh yeah, they'd be able to counter-spell, I didn't mean to suggest that blood magic renders Templars completely useless against a mage. It's more that Templars are all about being able to drain mana from a mage, which would be a pointless gesture the instant a mage cuts him or herself, and that makes fighting a mage WAY more dangerous, even if they're still able to counterspell.
&gt; I couldn't take any calls because everyone was pissed and I didn't want to hear it. I'm sorry your family sucks so bad. Jesus, I know canceling a flight would be less than ideal, but to take that out on *you* in that situation is just fucking disgusting.
&gt; If he’d have let me I would’ve stopped after our oldest. Weeeeew holy fuck you guys need couple's counseling, stat. Talking about who is or isn't an asshole isn't going to help because this isn't a one-off instance of behaviour that can be fixed or justified so easily. You guys need help, right now.
My vegan SIL lived in Morocco for a year and now eats Moroccan dishes on the regular so... yes, definitely both of those things.
&gt; Also honestly even if there was only one suitable vegetarian option on the menu, Kay but speaking as a super long-time vegetarian, that's just how it goes. You go to a restaurant knowing you're gonna get 2-3 choices on the menu, tops. It's gotten to the point where if I go to a place that has more vegetarian options, I get like choice paralysis because I'm so not used to having a variety to pick from. The idea that vegan cousin isn't *extremely* used to that is just a bunch of BS, tbh.
&gt; She only told a select few close friends, and likely from what I gather it was in the line of conversation about whats going on in your life.. You don't know that - you're just *assuming* those things. That's why I *asked*.
&gt; I was a bartender in New Orleans for a fine dining restaurant that's main dinner menu was very not vegan friendly, but if there was a large group coming in Chef was always really happy to make something AMAZING for that guest. Yes! I totally did that once. I'm not one to go to fine dining places very often, so I had no idea what to expect and so I called ahead to just ask. Like, I dunno, would there even *be* a menu? And the staff were SUPER nice and were like "don't even worry, we'll make you something" and they were cool enough to even ask me about my personal preferences since they were planning to make me something special anyway. It remains, to this day, one of the best meals I've ever had. I can't even describe. So good.
&gt; He is miserable as king, something even Isabela comments on in the comics. He isn't if you harden him, though.
Not the same Redditor, *but*... Because then someone else is deciding what "counts" as a graphic detail, which isn't super helpful in many cases and can be even less so if you live in a puritanical country like the US. It's incredibly frustrating to me that I can't meaningfully look at the rating of a movie and know whether the sexual content involves two happy people having eager consensual sex or if there will be a graphic rape scene, because those are both described in *exactly the same way* by the MPAA. And that's not to say that you should *only* have content warnings for sexual violence because, for example, I was watching American Gods with my MIL and I *really* would have appreciated a heads up that there's a super consensual but also very long and relatively explicit sex scene in the second or third episode because like... man, that was awkward as hell to watch with her, and I would have turned it off when she joined me if I'd known it was coming. I think there has to be some detail involved so you can make a properly informed decision about whether or not it's something you're interested in watching.
Honestly, this thread reads like it was created by someone who spends a little too much time in r/shittumblrsays and has forgotten that that's not reflective of actual common opinion. This is no different from when a couple of news outlets went on their little circus about how "the internet" was trying to boycott Mad Max Fury Road for its feminist themes when it was actually just one pissy little incel blogger and his 50 or so readers. You'll find literally any opinion that could possibly exist, if you go actively looking for it. When you spend time on subs like that, it skews your idea of "common criticisms." Do there exist people who think cyberpunk is sexist because they don't get it? Yes. Does that mean it's a big problem that needs a brave Redditor to stand against it on a cyberpunk subreddit? Fuck no.
NTA. It sucks that your sister's wedding venue place didn't refund anything, but it's not *your* fault that this happened, so I'm not sure why everyone just assumes *you* should be the one losing out on wedding help because your sister had some shit luck. &gt; why save it when I'm still single and will be for years now anyway. Do they plan to refill the wedding fund with another 15k between now and a few years from now? Because that would be the only way this would make any sense. The fact that your parents apparently managed to save 30k over the course of your entire lives makes me think this is a very unlikely option, but it's something to consider - is their intention to produce another 15k in the time it would likely be between now and any potential wedding for you, and would you trust them to follow through if it is? If so, then maybe it's a fair option after all and this is just a case of miscommunication (in which case you would still not be the asshole because omfg they need to *tell you this* if it's their plan). And, if you're interested in finding a compromise (assuming the above option isn't in the cards), maybe suggest splitting the remaining funds between you and your sister - $7.5k each. I realize this may not seem entirely fair either, but this isn't a fair situation, and then everyone gets something, even if it isn't perfect.
I'm sorry, but that doesn't make any sense whatsoever. "Hey, we're worried about people touching their face more often" is not the same as saying that they're more dangerous or that they contribute to transmission. It's a real worry that actually does have a basis in reality, and the fact that *you're* not able to differentiate between "hey, here's this concern about masks" and "MASKS ARE AWFUL AND NOBODY SHOULD EVER WEAR THEM" that's on *you*, not them. It's not *their* fault that you can't work in anything but the strictest black and white reading of these issues.
&gt;it’s customary at his job for the boss to buy lunch for all the guys. Then the workplace can pay for it, if it's a "work requirement." It's crazy to me that they've just decided that this is something the bosses need to pay for out of pocket.
Oh that's actually probably a good thing for me. I've let my whole skincare regimen slide because one of the primary drivers of actually doing it is this sense that I *have to* wear sunscreen for my commute to work in the morning, and if I'm gonna put on sunscreen, I have to do everything else because otherwise my skin texture is super gross and putting on sunscreen feels awful. But I haven't been doing that because I haven't been wearing sunscreen because I haven't been leaving the house... and perhaps this was just the kick in the pants I needed to get going on my skincare again properly :)
Oh the sunscreen doesn't make my skin feel awful - I just have awful skin texture unless I do something about it. Putting any product on gross flaky skin is just not a pleasant feeling XD
I don't think the point being made is that Harry's story isn't a good one, but rather it's a story that has been told a dozen other times with a dozen other characters in almost exactly the same circumstances because it's *such* a ridiculously common trope. The story Butcher is telling here just *isn't* original, and it becomes less interesting when it's like the 10th time you've read that exact same arc.
&gt; I’ve also seen men who only draw naked or sexualized women complain that it’s just so much harder to draw men because they’re not curvy or some other bs excuse. Lol yep, that's bullshit. I spent most of my adolescence drawing women to the complete exclusion of men because I wanted to draw... well, honestly, I spent all my time drawing pretty much only my own D&amp;D characters doing cool shit, and I always play female characters so I have years more practice drawing women. I learned to draw men later and I'm still not as good at it, but it's not because men are fundamentally *harder to draw*, it's because I have *a literal decade* of practice drawing women that I don't have when drawing men.
YTA. I get not wanting to stay up and wait for your sheets to go through a full wash cycle in the middle of the night, especially given that you were apparently feeling unwell. I even get stealing into your roommate's bed for the rest of that night. Ideally, you wouldn't do that without permission, but that would have been an understandable and forgivable thing to do, *if you had followed through in a polite and reasonable way*. Instead, everything after that shows that you are self-centered and childish, and if you genuinely think this behaviour is acceptable, I'm quite sure that you're a terrible roommate in other ways, as well. Here is what you needed to do if you wanted a chance to not be considered the asshole: 1. Strip your bed as soon as the puke happened and toss it in the washing machine. If you don't have a washing machine in your apartment/dorm, strip the sheets and dump them in the shower to rinse. It would have taken 5 minutes tops, and then you would have been at least partway to getting rid of the puke. 2. The moment you got up the next day, strip your roommate's bed. Yes, you were hung-over, but that's an excuse to sleep in, not an excuse to do fuck-all once you finally get up for the day. 3. Take both sets of sheets to a washing machine. Ideally, you'd wash them separately. You needed to do this THE DAY AFTER IT HAPPENED. Not leave it for a fucking week. Gross. 4. Put your roommate's bed back together at least as nicely as you found it, and spend the rest of the week *in your own damned bed*. You had an understandable excuse for the invasion that first night, but the rest of the week is just straight lazy bullshit. 5. Tell your roommate about what happened, recognize that it was an invasion of her private space and apologize for it. Make sure to tell her that you washed her sheets. 6. Get yourself a spare set of sheets in case something like this happens again, so all you'd need to do would be to strip your sheets and replace them - then you could stay the night in your own bed. It doesn't matter whether they're your roommate's sheets or not - *you* used them, and you did so without permission. It is therefore *your* responsibility leave them at least as nice as you found them. If you had done that, then and only then would you not be the asshole. And even then, your roommate wouldn't have been an asshole if she'd been pissed off because, no matter how you slice it, you slept in her bed without permission and that's a pretty significant invasion of privacy for someone you say yourself isn't even a friend. Also, am I correct in reading this to mean that you left your boyfriend's puke on your bed for a *week*? What the fuck, that's fucking disgusting.
In a 60 second trailer, there's about 10 seconds of "exploring" gameplay (aka walking around) and about 15 seconds of combat. I don't mind that they wanted to use the first 30 seconds of the trailer to set tone and such, but the back half of the trailer should have been another 90 seconds rather than just the remaining 30. The combat stuff looked fairly interesting from what I could see of it, but they should have made each cut a little longer because it's hard to tell what any of that combat stuff even means without the context. And I would have really liked at least a little indication of what the NPC interactions would be like - standard Bioware response wheel or what?
You would be the asshole if you did that, but you're not the asshole for feeling like you want to. You need to talk to them. Your boyfriend may work, but that's 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. Raising a child is a 24 hour job; he absolutely needs to do more work than he's doing. Your roommate sounds like an ass because if his presence were truly neutral (as you bf implies), then he wouldn't be creating more work for you by being a lazy asshole: &gt; Well, I guess my rm decided today was his laundry day, so he just put my clothes in a basket and did his laundry. Now my clothes are soaked, the dryer and washer full of his things, and I have nothing to wear for the day. ***Why would anyone do that?!*** If you're moving clothes out of the washer, it's literally exactly the same amount of effort to shove them into the dryer and turn it on as it would be to find a basket and shove them in there instead. Like, this is just straight-up spiteful. If they can't bring themselves to accept that they should do at least *some* stuff around the house, the appropriate response is *not* to just let the house go to shit - it's going to affect your mental health and could be dangerous to your daughter. Instead, is there anywhere you can go for a week or two? Family or friends you can stay with? That would be an appropriate response if they continue to refuse to help you at all.
&gt; not everyone would want to make the statement that if the occupant DID shoot first, that he was justified in doing so. Yeah, I'm not sure I buy this argument at all. I'm a Canadian, I think your 2nd Amendment is fuckin' dumb, and I have no issue whatsoever claiming that this guy was completely and utterly justified in shooting first. Saying so doesn't make you pro-gun.
Dude, no, you're clearly not the asshole, here. It's not really about the fact that you feel you're owed money - the issue here is the drastic and frankly disgusting differences in the way your parents treat you vs your siblings. And even if it weren't - even if your parents had foolishly spent the college funds of all your siblings instead of just yours - it would still be totally reasonable to be upset that they pissed it away on new flooring. If it had been like "oh we spent your college fund on cancer treatments for your sister" this would be a whole different story.
What makes you think that? You might have found your way back to solid ground had you woken up 10 or 15 years ago, but you insisted on sleeping while your politicians systematically dismantled every bridge and buoy that you might have used to make your way back to said solid ground, and now you're out to see with pretty much no tools to find your way back.
&gt; It’s not like they were born into this shit. The overwhelming majority of them come from families with money. Not billions, but they're easily all within the ~~top 90%~~ 90th percentile of income. So yes, they literally were.
I remember going to see a showing of The Book of Mormon several years ago and, after intermission, maybe half the seats still had people in them. *Half the audience* left during the intermission. I was so confused. Like, musicals aren't something you just walk into on a Friday night because you have nothing better to do. How did they end up spending what was probably a pretty hefty amount of money on tickets to a show like that *without* first learning that it was written by the creators of South Park?
If most marathon runners only finish their marathons because they were born with two legs, why do so many two-legged people not finish marathons?
Hokay, I'm gonna be that one asshole who agrees with you but I kinda think this common approach to answering the "video games aren't art" criticism are taking the entirely wrong path and will never convince anyone that doesn't already agree with you because it fundamentally misunderstands the requirements of anyone who disagrees (or at least anyone who disagrees from a position of something other than fundamental ignorance about what video games are and can be). It doesn't matter that video games are pretty. Lots of things are pretty. My mouse pad is pretty. Mouse pads are not art, nor are they trying to be. The second point you make is actually a really interesting one, about the *creation* of art using video games, but that makes video games an artistic medium, not a work of art in and of themselves. A paint brush isn't a work of art - it's the thing you use to create art. And nobody in the art world would generally disagree that the *creations* you showed are works of art - but they're not video games. They're like.... digital sculpture or something. The other thing about how each part of a video games include almost every form of "the arts" is technically true, but also kinda misses something that critics would be looking for - it doesn't really matter whether each individual piece "counts" as art because what makes the art is the whole. Certainly this *helps*, but it isn't enough alone. So, then, what makes art? Here's the definition I will use: art is anything that is intended to be art and which is produced in any medium that permits human expression or exploration of a concept in (and this is the key caveat) *a manner that is not better expressed or explored using some other medium*. I'm including the caveat because that is the *only* genuine argument against video games as art that I have ever in my life encountered, and also I kinda buy that idea myself. So let's break down the definition real quick here: *Art is anything that is intended to be art* is kind of a tautology but that's honestly really fine. Basically, all I need is either for the art to be self-evident in what it's trying to be/say/do as art, or for the artist to be able to produce at least a semi-coherent explanation of the same. This doesn't make it *good* or *successful*, but bad art is still art. *The art must be produced in a medium that permits human expression or exploration of a concept* is kind of a given, given my first requirement - if the art has to be an attempt to say/be/do something, then it *obviously* has to be done using a method that allows you to say/create/do that thing. Duh. *The medium must be one in which it is possible to create a work that is not better expressed in another medium.* In other words, in order for video games to be art, there must exist something to express through art that is expressed *best* through a game. If everything games ever tried to do would be done *better* through film or literature or painting or whatever, then I would grant that gaming is not art. The first two requirements are entirely subjective and completely up to the whims of the creator: "I'm trying to create an art that says something, and I'm saying it through a video game." Once a game developer says this is true, it's true. However, nobody who claims that video games aren't art would accept the argument that "this creator says he created art and that alone is sufficient" so we need something more objective... ... and that's where the third caveat comes in. It's something that can be discussed and argued in a manner that is at least *sort of* objective, and it's the only one that isn't defined completely by the creator, but rather by the player (or viewer or reader or whatever). I would hold that all other artistic mediums can be held up to this definition and be considered art, and thus it would be completely fair to hold video games to the same standard. This is why the fact that video games can be pretty, or the fact that video games have awesome soundtracks is irrelevant. If your sound track is great, then it's best expressed as music. You need something to make it so that the soundtrack's *interaction* with the rest of the game improves it beyond the soundtrack alone (for example). A video game being "pretty" doesn't suit either, because a film would always, always, *always* capture that exact same visual beauty more effectively, given the perfect control the director and cinematographer have over things like framing and edits. Now, I do think video games are art, but it's not for the reasons you describe - rather, it's because video games are capable of expressing other things that are not better expressed elsewhere. Now, before we continue, I want to clarify a few things that this *doesn't* mean: 1. that video games can't use techniques taken from other media to pursue that expression - a sweeping, film-like vista with a swelling soundtrack are all things that *can* raise a video game to art, *if* it's in pursuit of the concept the video game is trying to express or explore. 2. that a video game that pursues an expression that could arguably be expressed better elsewhere isn't, itself, a work of art - we're arguing about whether the medium is an artistic one, not about whether a specific work counts as art, and the experimentation involved in trying to see if an expression works in gaming is valid and valuable on its own, even if one specific experiment fails. It's only necessary to argue that the medium is, as a whole, capable of producing art in order for all attempts at art within that medium to "count" as art. 3. that the existence of games that aren't trying to be art in any form somehow invalidates the artistic merit of other games. This one is probably self-explanatory. So, what do I mean by saying that there must be "something" that can be best expressed by a medium in order for it to be an artistic medium, then? It's not like it's reasonable or possible to actually just list all the things a given medium can or should be capable of expressing - any such attempt at a list would be painfully incomplete by definition, since part of what makes art is the experimentation and discovery of new forms of expression and concepts to express. So... some examples. Theoretically, we only need *one* thing that video games are best at expressing for video games to count as an artistic medium by this definition, though it would be immensely unsatisfying to actually only have one. But thankfully there are plenty ;) Please note that calling these out as examples of art does NOT mean that they're the BeSt GaMeS EvAr or that they are immune to critique. All of these games have issues (some fairly obvious and glaring) but are, none the less, examples of concepts that are best expressed (or, in some cases, can *only* be expressed) using video games as their medium. **Example 1: Player Agency in Bioshock and Spec Ops: the Line** Both the Bioshock series and Spec Ops: the Line are, at their core, games about the illusion of agency in gaming. The fact that these exist are, kind of on their own, unequivocal evidence that there is a concept that can only be expressed in a video game because the concept itself is exclusive to gaming - trying to talk about "player agency" in the context of reading a book or viewing a painting is just straight nonsense. They do have their own similar versions of the concept (see: interpretation, gaze, and the death of the author) but player agency is fundamentally a *video game* concept that can only be explored through gaming. Still, some might call this a tautology and write it off, but thankfully I have other concepts and ideas to discuss :) **Example 2: Horror in... every good horror game ever.** Horror is a genre that is, in general, best expressed through a video game. Don't @ me. I know obviously that some specific horror tropes and concepts and stories may be best expressed in other media (we haven't really managed to pull off that Lovecraftian kind of horror to full effect outside of literature because it relies so heavily on imagination and the unknown, for example, and it may be that that specific type of horror is just best expressed through the written word), but, generally speaking, take any horror trope or story and shove the person literally into the middle of it instead of sitting and watching as a passive viewer, and it becomes *instantly* more visceral and effective. *Especially* now that VR is growing as a means of consuming video games. **Example 3: Intended Play in Undertale and the Stanley Parable** In every other form of media, there is one story and one story only. This is what happened. Period. Sure, sometimes you get films that kind blur that line up and make you question the reality of what you're seeing, but film is limited in the ways it can do that. The illusion of "intended play" is something more more effectively explored in gaming. One of the most interesting parts of this exploration is the notion that, when you "disobey" the narrator in the Stanley Parable, you're deviating from the story the game *tells* you it's trying to tell, but you're *not* actually escaping the intended mode of play, because, if you were, it would just be literally impossible to choose the wrong door. Any choice you're provided in a game is intended (for the most part), despite the narrative's insistence otherwise. So there's something really interesting to be explored in this notion that there's an intended story but then also an intended alternative that only *pretends* to be unintended. And then there's also the really *very* interesting interaction between that concept and *actual* unintended modes of play, through the discovery and exploitation of bugs. And these are concepts that can only be meaningfully explored through gaming.
**Continued** -------- **Example 4: Personal, visceral emotion** This is probably the one that actually causes most of the friction between those who do and those who don't believe that video games are art. The argument usually comes down to the fact that films are capable of producing a very particular experience with deft and almost perfect control over the audience's emotional reaction through specific control of the soundtrack, cinematography, pacing, tone, etc. And, let's be real: the things I just listed are things that video games cannot and will probably never be able to control to the same level of perfection. It's really okay to recognize and accept that - yes, a game *can* have pacing, but the control of that pace is much more general. Any player can decide to fuck off and do something completely unrelated to the story missions which might completely kill the pace of them. And yeah, that's the player's "fault" but that doesn't matter - it's still true. The fact of the matter is that game designers just don't have the same level of control over the pace of a video game that directors have over a film. And that *is* going to have an impact on their ability to create specific experiences for their audience. And so, the argument goes, that film will *always* be better at producing emotional reactions from their audience, even considering the additional attachment that comes of being in control of the main character. However, this is... honestly just kind of willful ignorance. Pacing (for example) seems like a fundamentally necessary aspect of creating an emotional experience but there's really no reason to believe that that is true, or that there doesn't exist a game design technique that could overcome that limitation. What developers lack in specific control, they can make up for through other means. There was just recently an interview with a Ubisoft designer discussing how their open world games have an Oz-like wizard behind the curtain, orchestrating encounters and NPCs to create a difference in pacing that the player feels without really noticing that it's there. Video games also benefit from time. Films are rarely longer than 2 hours, and almost never longer than 3. TV shows overcome this by having a greater amount of time in total, but then are often trapped within the necessity of having episode arcs that can screw with the pace of a show. Video games suffer from none of this - they can be as long or as short as necessary and the player decides when each session starts and stops, which basically means that developers don't *really* need to concern themselves with creating arcs because the player will start and stop at points that feel appropriate and satisfying to them (or, if they're not doing that, then the issue is one of external time pressures, at which point there's no difference between turning off the game mid-quest and turning off the film halfway through, at which point comparisons of pacing become irrelevant). And... honestly, it's probably true that *most* games in this category still kinda fall into the "would be better as movie or TV show" issue, but the fact that a ridiculously nascent art form isn't as good as one that's been around for more than 100 years is like... um, yeah, duh. Learning the techniques of effective expression in a new medium takes time. Ya'll think Michelangelo could have done what he did if he'd been born during a period when they were still scratching buffalo pictures onto cave walls with sticks? Because that's basically what these people are demanding, here - it's a medium that has only been really taking itself seriously as a potential art form for like... 15 years, tops. Film has benefited from several generations of children growing up with film, learning things from their predecessors, and making advancements. People have been writing treatises on critical theory as applied to film for decades, and gamers don't even have a consistent critical language to use to even *start* doing that yet. And, to that end, the last thing that needs to be said about this issue. Gamers need to accept everything that comes with video games being treated as an art form. The thing that makes it most difficult to have this discussion is, honestly, the community itself. If something is art, it means that it gets critiqued. It means that people start studying it in liberal arts courses and they write essays on it through the lens of one of a billion types of critical video game theories which largely don't exist yet. It means that people are going to get hyper academic and start using weird words in weird ways. If we want people to take gaming seriously, we gotta stop through tantrums when people actually *do exactly that*. Taking it seriously means, yes, talking about games thought the lens of, for example, feminist theory. If we don't want to have to deal with what that means, maybe we need to take a stop back and stop arguing that we want it to be taken seriously as an art form. For the record, I don't think we should do that, but we as a community have to recognize that there's a valid place for those things in the critique of any form of art, because that weird, esoteric, academic shit is how the medium progresses.
&gt; does that make creating SpaceX easy? No, but it makes it *possible*. Do you seriously just think it's coincidence that the first dude on the planet with a private space company just *happens* to be from a family that stole a bunch of emerald mines?
tbh, every system ever has been made fun of for it appearance at reveal.
Pounds is not a unit of pressure. If they want to make up bullshit "science" arguments to defend someone, they're gonna need to do better than a 6th grader.
Oh, no, it's just really too bad that OP lives in an area where the HOA and/or local bylaws mean that they definitely can't stay near OP's house. They're just gonna have to pay for an RV park, I guess!
OP, it is extremely uncommon for local laws to permit someone to live in an RV in another person's driveway. Parking an *empty* RV isn't the same as parking an RV that's lived-in. Use that to your advantage. If she comes anywhere near you with that RV, she'll need to book a space in an RV park.
NTA. Pregnancy is way more dangerous to your health than a vasectomy is to his. I know multiple people who got into car accidents - I've been in more than one myself - but that doesn't mean I'm going to get pissy if someone needs me to drive somewhere, especially for an important reason. And driving is actually a legitimately dangerous thing to do, unlike getting a vasectomy. However, I do want to point out that there's another option that I would like to make sure you're aware of - IUDs. They're not perfect, either, but they're very effective at preventing pregnancy. The hormonal ones work using basically the same concept as the pill, but they dose is WAY the hell smaller because it isn't a systemic dosage, and might reduce or eliminate the issues you have with the pill. I'm not saying this is a better option than a vasectomy for a variety of reasons (not the least of which is that IUDs are more likely to have problems than vasectomies are), but it is another option for you to look into if you'd like.
&gt; you still believe those people are “involved in the act”? Yes. Their presence is inherent in the sexual fantasy. They are obviously involved - if they weren't, he wouldn't have any interest in doing it on a call.
But if you could, theoretically, be discreet about it, would you actually think that it's okay?
&gt; because they don't know. So like, would it be cool for a dude in a trenchcoat to start jerking it at a park as long as nobody actually noticed him doing it? Because nobody would know in that situation, either.
NTA. Let's say that everything he does actually is intended to be completely innocent in both sides, that what you saw was a normal thing that you misunderstood or something. I realize I'm being kind of absurdly generous in my assumptions towards your boyfriend here, but stick with me. *Even if that were true*, he's still kinda being an asshole. Relationships require a certain amount of compromise - he doesn't have to get why you're uncomfortable with this (leaving aside that he kind of should be able to figure it out) for him to respect it and find a way to make sure things are comfy for you. Asking him not to spoon his sister and asking her not to barge into his bedroom without knocking are not weird or particularly difficult asks. They're very small things that they could easily do which would make your stay with them way more comfortable. And instead of doing that, your boyfriend is getting pissy about it? That kinda seems like a red flag all on its own, and that's before we even start to discuss whether the behaviour itself is a red flag (**which it is, oh my god**).
&gt; I'm talking about a guy jerking off in the woods because he likes the idea of being near the trail but invisible. Then it's an inappropriate analogy that doesn't apply to this situation. &gt; For example, a couple dirty talking about having a threesome with one of their best friends. ... and if they called said best friend to chat about Game of Thrones in the middle of sex, that would also be extremely fucked up. I don't really get why so many people are arguing about this. Yes, it's a grey area, but why are so many people *so eager* to enter into a grey area about *consent*?! There are like a billion and a half super sexy and interesting things you can do that don't involve questionable issues of consent. You don't *need* to do this stuff in order to have fun, so why would you pick something that toes so close to the line of being unethical? Edit: oh yeah, and the other reason I'm *so* iffy about this specific case is because you can't really just leave a work conference call (without potentially being called out for it). If someone else *does* figure out what's going on, they aren't empowered to leave the situation. It's like the difference between having sex in a bar bathroom vs having sex in an airplane bathroom. I'm not really suggesting one is totally *fine*, but the airplane bathroom is *obviously* worse because the people in the near-bathroom seats can't really go anywhere to escape the situation, and that just makes it so much worse.
&gt; Theoretically, how would you feel if the couple engaged in (as I've said in a previous comment) dirty talk about having a threesome with their roommate? Personally, I don't think people should do that, mostly because it's really easy to get a similar experience without involving a real person. Just like... make up a theoretical third person, rather than using a real person. There's a SUPER easy alternative that doesn't even err a tiny bit close to something that might make their roommate uncomfortable. Why would you *ever* not do that?
She thinks she's right about her "method." What if your child shows fear of something? Given the fact that there is literally no evidence she thinks she ever did anything wrong, it's pretty likely she'll start plotting to traumatize your child using that fear with the excuse of helping your kid get over it. Is that something you're okay with?
&gt; is it hard to get why people feel this content isn't worthwhile? I don't really see how that's relevant at all. If you don't feel it's content you want to engage with, don't engage with it. There. Easy. Wasting time complaining about it when there are obviously people who do enjoy this type of content on the sub is such a ridiculous waste of time. Besides, it's not like this type of content is overwhelming the sub in any meaningful manner. I would get the complaint if this type of content was crowding out everything else, but it *obviously isn't even close*. This is the *only* post of its type in the first 40 or so posts on the front page of the sub right now. Chill out.
&gt; I make absolutely no effort with her but she makes even less effort with me. Why the fuck would it be *her* responsibility to make an effort to make up for the shitty thing *you* did? She's mad because you broke up her family, and I would get being irritated by this if that wasn't actually true, but **it is**. You **literally did break up her family.** You need to grow up and accept the consequences of your actions.
&gt; Lol I hate the logic that if you shouldn't comment if you don't like something because anyone who says that is automatically not following their own advice Except now you're not following that advice, either. If you're allowed to comment that you don't like the post (which you are - I never once came close to implying anything else), then I'm allowed to comment that I don't like your comment. That's how this works. It's comically hypocritical for you to complain about how you don't like the content of the sub while simultaneously trying to argue that it's somehow hypocritical for other people to voice their dislike the "content" you're adding with your complaints XD &gt;I might as well post a pic of my dog here Dude, don't be disingenuous. You know very well why content completely unrelated to the topic of the sub is a wholly different issue from this. I'm not going to engage with someone who's going to put up pretend arguments.
&gt; I told her she was being crazy and irrational, acting like an insecure teenager See, here I was, all prepared to say that there were no assholes here. Your wife isn't an asshole because, man, body-image issues just suck a lot and she's clearly suffering. You were not an asshole because it's really sweet of a husband to want to help his wife through those sorts of issues and to make her realize that he'll love her no matter what she looks like. Except instead of recognizing that she made herself extremely vulnerable to you by admitting this difficult issue and supporting her, you decide to be a huge dick about it. You're not in this to help her through an issue, you're just trying to shame her into shutting up and doing what *you* want with *her* body. So yes, you're the asshole. Also you are right that she should see a therapist, but the fact that you want her to do so for your own selfish reasons is just unspeakable.
Honestly, sounds to me like Moriarty is just kind of out of touch with the modern art world in general. The idea engagement and interaction with the audience somehow invalidates the work is hilariously ridiculous. There are a number of works of art - the kind that get show in galleries without anyone really blinking - that are made *solely out of* audience interaction. Nothing about that ever wrests control of the concept behind the work from the author. If the author is seeking to investigate something *about* audience engagement, then the fact that the audience is engaging doesn't invalidate that, because that engagement is the point. There's a large and relatively accepted movement in art that's been around since like... the 50s or so, starting with people like Jackson Pollock, where the art is in the action of creation, and the resulting object is a *record* of the art, rather than the art itself. So, in Pollock's case, the actual *art* is the act of getting in touch with one's subconscious, and the resulting splatter painting is simply a record of that exercise. The quote provided implies that Moriarty believes the resulting object is so important in the process of creating art that it *is* the art and literally anything else is just "interference" which kind of suggests that the therefore believes that Jackson Pollock - one of the few modern artists that is actually a household name - actually isn't an artist at all, which just suggests to me that his definition of "art" is really badly skewed from any of the other definitions used by anyone else.
&gt; There are sadly issues with every industry- While you're correct, the fact of the matter is that *every single issue* that shows up in the production of vegetables is exacerbated in the meat industry because domesticated animals raised for slaughter eat feed (yes, the overwhelming majority of meat produced in the US is fed on animal feed, *not* grass - the grass-fed label has been intentionally eroded by lobbyist groups and now means almost nothing). So yeah, vegetables involve migrant workers being abused and paid horrible wages, and contribute to monocultures and everything else... but, animals raised for meat need to be fed all of the same things (though with less variety so the monoculture issue is actually a lot *worse* with feed), and they eat far more vegetables per calorie produced than you would if you just ate those vegetables instead of getting that energy through the animal as an intermediary, and that's ***just*** talking about the feed - we haven't even started talking about the other issues involved in raising animals for slaughter; methane production, significant increases in shipping and waste, issues with food-borne disease, antibiotic use, etc. So because of the feed issues, every calorie of meat you consume ends up contributing *more* to the same issues of vegetable farming than eating an equivalent amount of vegetables would, *plus* the additional issues associated with the actual raising of the animals themselves. There really just isn't any feasible situation in which eating meat is better for the environment. And I'm not saying this means OP must become vegan, but it's not going to help him any if you're giving him factually incorrect justifications for it. If OP wants to keep eating meat, he should know that it *is* worse for the environment and accept that.
You're agreeing with someone who is making the argument that vegetables can be worse for the environment and for workers than meat. That's factually incorrect, regardless of whether or not something may be completely "guilt-free." Besides, I hate this argument that improvement is a useless gesture, that nothing is worth doing unless it's perfect. Yeah, so veganism isn't perfect, but it *is better*.
&gt; I’m extremely lazy. Every second I fight the urge to lie down somewhere and sleep forever. Yo, I just want you to know, that doesn't make you lazy. That's very often what depression feels like. It's not often really a case of being miserably sad all the time, you just kinda stop feeling *anything* and it feels a lot like being unrepentantly lazy. But it's not, and it isn't a personally failing. I beat the crap out of myself for being so lazy for so, so many years and it doesn't *help* anything to do that to yourself.
&gt; The longer you snooze, the more tired you feel throughout the day. Mmmm no. Not everyone responds to sleep like you do. I do like what OP's husband does and if I *don't* get my slow wake-up in the morning I feel like shit for the entire day. I don't think OP is the asshole here, but it's hilarious how many of you can't comprehend the idea that your sleep patterns aren't universal.
And what did you find, then? Faux-science human interest articles from newspapers that are about as solid as those that write about how red wine prevents cancer, probably. You shouldn't be getting your science information from journalists. They're bad at it. They're the ones wrongly selling you universal truths about science when the reality is pretty much never that simple. The actual papers on the matter can be a little more nuanced and tend to show that there's no harm whatsoever as long as you're not cutting back into a full cycle of sleep to do it, and that waking slowly is actually something that some people just do naturally.
Really? I'd love to see the links to the actual papers that Google produces for you. I'm shocked that you've somehow managed to overcome full-time SEO manipulations *by accident*.
Yes, it is factually incorrect. Literally everything that's bad about farming plants is worse in farming animals for reasons not the least of which are that the overwhelming majority of farmland is used to produce feed, not food for human consumption. *Literally everything* bad about farming vegetables (monocultures, shipping, use of arable land, etc) applies to farming meat, plus everything additionally bad about farming meat (methane, animal cruelty, antibiotics, low variety in feed making monocultures even worse, etc). So implying that "vegetables are bad too" somehow counteracts the bad things about farming meat is just a fundamental misunderstanding of how food is farmed.
Yeah, and it's factually correct that it's immoral to slap someone and it's also immoral to beat someone to death, but you're deluding yourself if you're not going to admit that it's disingenuous in the extreme to argue that you can't judge a murderer for murdering someone because you slapped someone once. In a similar manner, I'm not saying it's factually incorrect to say that there is an environmental impact associated with being vegan - I'm saying it's factually incorrect to imply that the magnitude of that impact is even close to being comparable.
I'm really sorry that happened to you. I wish you'd been allowed to just live as a woman without people making it so hard on you that their bullshit actually ended up being *worse* than the dysphoria. That's so fucked.
&gt; All of the actual data on this topic supports that young adults/adults who transition gradually, after consideration and usually therapy, are happy with their decision post transition. And it seems like (from this thread, anyway) that those in this group who did eventually detransition have done so not because they're *not* trans, but because living with dysphoria is easier than living with people treating them like shit. Which is just... man, that's so fucked up.
I already had this conversation with someone else and I'm not getting into it again. If you're not able to grasp the idea that there humans can have different sleep patterns or that generalized recommendations in articles by bedding companies might not apply to literally every person on the planet, that's your problem.
You think *all* women with depression got it from *Tinder*? Fucking what?
So, you *don't* agree with the comment you called "an excellent response." Sure. Gotcha. I totally believe you ;)
It's your own fault if you spend your time actively seeking out bullshit "opinions" to get pissy about. Because no, "any time on the internet" does not disprove anything about that. You sound like those alarmist media pundits throwing a fit about how "the internet" was going to boycott Mad Max for being too feminist when it was actually just one pissy incel and like a dozen people on his bullshit blog.
Mm yeah, I'm totally gonna take the bullshit Reddit diagnosis you've given me over an actual sleep doctor ;)
What argument? You asked a question which I answered. If you have a point, maybe you should make it instead of making me guess what you're trying to say. The drugs that delay puberty *are* reversible. That's why they use them on young children. Puberty will start/continue once they take the child off said drugs. They're used because it's *extremely* well documented that the less a trans person goes through the wrong type of puberty, the less dysphoria they suffer later, and the easier it is to transition. It's a ridiculously good middle-ground: a trans child doesn't need to suffer going through the wrong kind of puberty, but you're not risking permanent changes on a super young child who may no fully understand the consequences of their decisions.
&gt; There are a lot of jackasses out there who will carve a swastika into their desk but the head of the KKK isn’t in contact with most of them. You're right, but the head of the KKK probably *is* in contact with the teenage jackass who does those things and just happens to be the son of two other extremely prominent and high-ranking members of the KKK.
&gt; it does matter that you take in healthy food because the calories etc of a fresh apple or a good steak are processed better than those of junk food. No, they aren't. A calorie is a calorie is a calorie. 100 kcal of twinkie is *exactly* the same as 100 kcal of celery and will have *exactly* the same effect on your weight. Processing means literally nothing with regard to how your calories are metabolized. The *actual* difference is simply that junk foods are often more calorie dense - eating 100 kcals of celery will make you feel more full than eating 100 kcals of twinkie, which makes it easier to eat fewer calories in total (plus veggies will generally make it easier to get your necessary nutrients alongside your caloric intake). But it is absolutely incorrect to suggest that the processing is actually the issue - it's rather that processed food just *tends* to have more sugar and oil. You can eat extremely processed foods that are hyper healthy and they're not going to be magically worse for you than a salad just *because* they're processed.
No worries - I just worry about that being such a common myth, because it leads people to being all "oh I can eat raisins for a sweet snack instead of having skittles because they're natural and healthy" and like... nope, raisins are just about as bad for you as skittles are :P
You know, I was gonna say raisins are pretty severely lacking in nutrition but I actually went and looked and they're much better than I expected. So maybe that was a bad example XD
Nope! If you're bi, they're set genders. A and N are the same gender, and M and F are the same gender too. I *think* a bi woman gets Adam/Nate/Morgan/Farah and a bi man gets Ava/Nat/Mason/Felix, but don't quote me on that.
Oh yes, sorry, it matters a lot when you're talking about musculature. I thought you were trying to say that different types of calories get stored as fat in different places on your body, like "alcohol gives you a gut, protein goes to your thighs and carbs add fat to your ass."
&gt; He said just leave her to it, she’s just excited. Mkay, well, is *he* going to be the one who takes the fallout when he lets her work herself into this state of excitement about something she isn't going to actually get? &gt; To which my MIL said, I’d like to see who’s going to stop me from holding her, either someone brave or stupid! You're right, MIL, mama bears *are* pretty brave ;)
&gt; My wife's sister was upset because Kaylee is Gia's only "friend" Yikes, that's a much bigger concern that your wife's sister should be paying more attention to. For one, the fact that she has tantrums when she doesn't get her way is gonna be a lot of the reason, if it happens often. But the other thing is... if Gia isn't behaving like most 13-year-olds, she's *not* going to find friends in school. Kids stick to grade-level when finding their friends, for the most part. Heck, they stick with *classroom* - when I was 13, friendships lived and died according to whether the kids in question were put into the same class, even if they were in the same grade. If Gia isn't connecting with other kids her age, her parents need to find her a way to connect with kids of a different age group. Maybe a club or something. That's what I did. As a 13-year-old girl, I was into very boyish things and tended to be a little less mature in my interests than the other kids in my class, and the result was that my actual *friends* as a child were the neighbourhood kids rather than other kids at my school - they were all a year or two younger than me, and most of them were boys. Gia might be a lot happier if she found other kids to connect with more naturally like that, regardless of age, instead of trying to push someone onto her as a "friend" just because they happened to be born the same year.
I'm actually a really big fan of the system - the dragon die is *such* an elegant feature, I love it :D
Yuuuup. I'm extremely cautious with my pot goodies - we (my husband and I) have a particular, well-marked tin that we use for any goods with marijuana in them. We put them away pretty much immediately, we are very particular about making sure each dose is controlled, and the tin is always marked with the dosage of each item. I absolutely will not stand for having unmarked cannabis goods in my house, even though it's extremely unlikely that anything would go wrong. Even I, with my strict as fuck rules, think OP was 110% in the right here. Which probably says a lot.
&gt; I'm not going to say (or suggest) sunscreen is the biggest factor in determining aging. I don't think anyone else here does that either, so...
The first game I ever played that used this concept of multiple difficulty sliders was Omensight. It was much simpler - just one slider for combat difficulty and another for puzzle difficulty - but the moment I saw this, my immediately reaction was exactly the same: *why isn't every game like this?!*
Season 5, Episode 17. Though, fair warning... it's not really the *happiest* of episodes.
&gt; so mommy has a boyfriend over some night that counts as 2 parent household? That's not what "reside" means, so no, it doesn't. Speaking of being "willfully blind" maybe don't make up bullshit new definitions for words to support your existing position.
True, but if we're *only* after the placebo effect, it's way better to give someone a sugar pill than it is to start prodding them with needles. The former has a lot less risk associated with it.
That's the one!
So?
Seems somewhat less likely for them to do that with the kind of people who own a lake house, though, being honest :P
&gt; Trans rights weren't really a thing back then. The political movement for trans rights is generally considered to have started in the 50s, and there were trans people heavily involved in the Stonewall riots. The *word* transgender wasn't commonly in use yet, but that doesn't mean the people weren't there and that there wasn't an awareness of their demand for rights. &gt; I don't know what political lesson is supposed to be taken from this I mean, the audience is **very obviously** supposed to sympathize with Riker and his beliefs on the matter, so even if the analogy is a bit clunky in places, I don't think this makes it somehow hard to tell where the writers come down on the concept of trying to force someone into a specific gender identity.
No... it's, at most, a statement of recognition that white households had black people who worked in their homes as servants, often as cooks.
Regardless of the validity of the premise of this comment, this is a pointless and irrelevant thing to suggest because we still have racists in the world. What exactly do you think we're gonna do, tell them to stop teaching their children to be racist? Yeah, I'm sure it's just a question of miscommunication and all the racists will just stop being racist if we ask them nicely, right?
The fact that you haven't even *tried* to learn what systemic racism means does not, in fact, mean that you get to make up whatever definition you want for it and pretend that it actually matters in the grand conversation about these issues. Your username is ironic in the extreme, considering how little time you seem to have for actually developing your own knowledge.
I'm actually struggling to figure out how to even begin explaining how wrong your definition of "systemic racism" is, based on this comment. Edit: here's a good video that explains systemic racism actually is in a short, simple manner: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrHIQIO_bdQ It's *not* systemic to human biology, it's systemic to human *society*.
&gt;It's really not hard to define I don't know why everyone is struggling You're right, it's not, which is why I can't figure out why you're using *two completely unrelated definitions*. Why the actual hell would systemic racism make two babies *removed from the system* racist?
But that has literally *nothing* to do with systemic racism.
This is one of those situations where you've clearly fundamentally misunderstood some extremely core concept of either racism or English, and I don't really have any way of knowing what it is, so trying to correct you is going to be a fruitless exercise in frustration. If you wanna go actually learn something about what systemic racism *actually* is (because your listed definition still isn't right, even though it still sounds like you're not actually *using* your definition in your arguments because it seems like you think it's in-born or something equally bizarre), I encourage you to do so. You might have an easier time conversing with others when you recognize that words actually mean things.
If the business person in question feels this resentful about it, then he shouldn't be in business. This is how the system works. If you're *this* against it then - surprise! - you're just not a fan of capitalism.
The writers actually said that he was INCREDIBLY close to giving up his entire plan and staying with Lavellan during the vallaslin scene if you romance him, so I would hardly be surprised if that was an option.
I'm going with NAH. I don't blame you in the slightest for being intensely uncomfortable with the situation, and your ex isn't your responsibility, but it seems to me like she's just in a super shitty state, between being left by her husband and the probability that your wife's pregnancy dredged up some messed up memories. She didn't exactly handle them well and shouldn't have come over to your house like that, but I admit that this just mostly makes me feel bad for her rather than feeling like she did anything very assholish.
NTA. Even if she'd been right about where you'd gotten your scars, she'd still be the asshole in the situation. "How dare your journey towards health and happiness and becoming comfortable in your own skin make *me* mildly uncomfortable - me, someone who chose a career path with the knowledge that it would involve children and teens from all backgrounds and histories. No, I'm not the problem here, but rather it's you, for daring to want to wear a t-shirt ever again in your entire life." What an awful person.
It's not really *our* fault that you choose to listen to the relative minority who behaves childishly instead of having an adult conversation with the rest of us.
I've never actually encountered anyone who does this though? Like, do you genuinely know people who have tried to serve up hunks of tofu in place of a steak when making a steak-and-potatoes sort of meal?
Those... aren't just slabs of tofu, lol. In fact, tofurky isn't made of *any* tofu at all. The majority of those are made of other sorts of vegetable proteins, most of them *aren't trying to be meat*. Sure, yeah, some of them are, and I'll grant that they're not usually particularly good at it (best I've had is Beyond Meat), but those aren't made from tofu anymore. Some were, like... a decade ago, but they gave up on that pretty fast. Tofu would make a terrible attempt at replacing beef, lol. Nobody actually thinks a tempeh burger is supposed to be a perfect 1:1 replacement for a beef burger. A tempeh burger is a tempeh burger and isn't trying to be anything else. This is like asking why people try to replace beef with fish - if you're eating a fish burger, it's because *you want a fish burger*, not because you're trying to pretend it's beef. My favourite veggie burger in this mushroom-swiss patty made by a local place. It's savoury and delicious and *super not trying to be beef*. And I've had a really good tofu burger before, but it was like this scrambled tofu miso thing that was kinda like a sloppy joe almost and, again, super wasn't trying to be beef.
I haven't eaten chicken in 15 years and I don't think even I'd find that convincing, tbh.
NP. My cousin is a cop, that's how I know - otherwise I wouldn't have been sure either, honestly :P
Please tell me you've played the Sexy Brutale. If not, it's a game in which a bunch of guests at a super aesthetic casino-mansion are murdered on the same day which repeats over and over and over again, and your character is the only one who remembers. You're given a pocketwatch with which you can restart the day as you wish, and you spend the game watching each murder and trying to figure out how to prevent it without anyone knowing you've interfered. It's also easily one of my all-time favourite games ever.
I'm just explaining that the "shitty meat replacements" you're talking about aren't made of tofu, and the stuff that *is* made of tofu isn't a meat replacement, it's a wholly different food. If that's defensive to you, then... sure.
So let's get this straight. You have two groups of people: The first group are healthy adult individuals capable removing themselves from the situation at hand with no issue and minimal inconvenience, who are suffering some minor and self-inflicted discomfort. The second group is made up of one woman who is recovering from a birth, has a baby to wrangle, likely hasn't slept a full night in more than a month, has to interrupt her own time to care for the needs of a small human pretty much constantly and whose behaviour is completely natural and normal. And you think, after sitting down and considering this, the group who should be asked to move is... the second one? WTF is wrong with you, OP? YTA. So obviously.
&gt; I don't know where or why you brought Asian cuisine into the conversation Maybe if you'd read the whole comment thread from the start, this wouldn't be so confusing. Context is a thing when having a conversation. If you jump into a conversation in the middle and you make a mistake because you didn't hear (or in this case, didn't bother to read) how it started, it's hardly my problem that I didn't magically guess that you were starting a wholly unrelated conversation about the same topic when you didn't bother to tell anyone else that.
Oooo omg that sounds super cool, I'll have to check it out. If you're looking for more, I also recommend checking out Omensight, in which you play basically an avatar of the world itself manifested because events are about to lead to the complete destruction of the world, so you keep looping through the last day before the end of the world to figure out why it's happening and prevent it. It's definitely a fantasy action game, but it has a really hefty dose of murder mystery too.
&gt; the school want both students to come to an understanding. If that understanding is anything other than understanding that homophobia is not acceptable, they can shove it. NTA.
One inhalation of fresh water is enough to kill you. It's kind of embarrassing that so many people here are throwing fits that OP didn't know about the danger of charcoal when none of ya'll seem to know the *way more obvious* issue with potential drowning. Ya'll really think it's just coincidence that drowning is one of the most common types of accidental death? Jesus, no wonder it happens so often when people seem to think it's so hard to do. It isn't. Water is *very* dangerous.
&gt; I finally told them that I’d burn the recipe before I gave it to them. Well... that might be a bit of an overreaction... &gt; First of all, they ostracized my mom and me and treated us like shit my entire life to the point where my dad went NC for almost 3 years (my mom was his second wife, and his whole family took issue with that and the fact that I wasn’t biologically his). Ahahahahahahahaha these assholes deserve nothing from you. NTA.
YTA. This entire post is a giant parade of red flags about your psychotic level of jealousy.
&gt; They try to justify it by saying they want my wedding to be perfect and they don't want people to be distracted. "You're right, my wedding should be perfect. *Her* behaviour is not going to make it any less so, but *yours* will. I won't accept anything less than perfection on my wedding day, so either you will stop or you will not attend." NTA.
Yeah, I don't really get why people present it like everyone wants to magically cure him of depression with *LoOoOoOoVe*. No, I realize he's going to be depressed and that's okay, but the fact that he goes back to drinking and I apparently *don't give a shit* is Not Cool.
Is it, though? Like, is it really a saviour complex to be upset that your recovering alcoholic of a husband goes back to drinking and apparently I'm not allowed to give even in the tiniest fuck about that? The issue isn't that he isn't magically cured of his depression. The issue isn't even that he fell off the wagon and started drinking again. The issue is that he apparently goes back to drinking heavily and the farmer *doesn't care*.
Yep. I totally get being annoyed, but the appropriate response is to just block her and leave it be.
&gt; whilst making her feel like she’s some knight in shining armor who’s battling the big bad world for the cause of special needs. ...you say while acting like you're some knight in shining armor for dealing her the "truth bomb" you're so obviously convinced you deserve. At least the stress of raising a child with special needs is an actual relatable reason for getting a little to zealous about the topic. What's your excuse?
YTA. You could have just muted or unfriended her and got on with your life. It was in absolutely no way your place to try to change her behaviour. While it may be true that she's too absorbed in her child's special needs and brings it up too often, a constructive conversation about that would be in person from a friend actually close to her, not from some pissy ex-coworker on a semi-public facebook comment section. Especially since you were so *obviously* unnecessarily insulting about it. &gt; Eventually I got bored of reading these posts If you wanna talk about someone who has a social media problem, let's talk about the fact that you're apparently *completely* unable to stop yourself from combing through every single comment on every single FB post.
I mean, you're not wrong that that would be super harmful, but the issue is that I don't think the premise of the comic is actually true. It reads as being super self-congratulatory for not being like "everyone else who tries to change Shane and gets mad when it doesn't work" when the actual reality is, honestly, I really never encountered someone who would behave like the person in the first panel in the first place. Way, way, *way* more often, I encounter people who point out much more nuanced issues with his storyline and who get written off by people who claim "well you just can't handle that your love didn't cure his depression" when that's just... super not accurate at all.
I agree, the combat in DA2 felt *fantastic*. The only problem I have with it is that the weight feels a lot less satisfying when combat goes on so long. It ends up feeling really bizarre when you have this satisfying, crunchy attack that feels like you should have just taken the head off your enemy, but then said regular human enemy takes like 8 more before they go down.
*First 28 seconds* I don't see the problem with this, this looks actually really yummy? *At 29 seconds* Oh. Oh I see. :(
&gt; Maybe she was promoted because her natural tendency was more masculine, too. I think that's what they mean - the idea that we only promote masculine people kinda misses that there are some more traditionally feminine traits that *would* lend themselves to effective leadership, if we were ever to allow that.
This isn't a "subtle sign," it's taking advantage of the security process to protect yourself. The point of the spoon is to set off the metal detector so they take you into a private room to figure out what it is you're hiding in your underwear. That's the point at which you're alone with figures of authority to *tell them* what's happening.
You're kind of missing the point. Either your concern is with the child - in which case OP's behaviour is not dickish and not helpful - or you need to admit that you're more interested in giving the mother "what she deserves" than actually helping the kid.
I'm not sure continuing this conversation is going to be of much use, since you're just repeating yourself regardless of what I've said previously, so... yeah.
[citation needed]
I dunno, man. Your average male ass is definitely very *different* from your average female ass, but IMO they have their own particularly nice characteristics, too.
Hell, I'd ever get it if OP had gone to back their friend to tell them what they'd done and offered to put the art in the gallery for the artist to sell and basically claimed the initial profit as like a finder's fee or something. It would be a *bit* selfish, but I think it'd be more fair simply because the artist is going to start seeing all that additional profit on future sales, but OP *didn't tell their friend shit*. Which honestly kinda makes me wonder how many more times OP planned on doing this.
Honestly, IMO it's not about the fact that he didn't cut her in. The thing that makes OP the asshole is that OP didn't *tell her what he'd done*. And worse? Now he's trying to spin some bullshit into this very post by claiming that the $300 is a fair price for showing her that she was underselling... but he never actually meant to show her anything. He's taking a "fee" for a service he was actively trying *not* to provide her. An *actual* friend would have turned around and said "Hey, listen, I put two of your pieces up at the gallery where I worked and they sold for a much greater price - let me introduce you to my boss to so we can talk about putting more of your work in the gallery." At that point, to be perfectly honest, I don't think it matters if OP keeps the $300, because OP would be helping his friend into a situation that would provide her *way* more income than just a single $300 payment. No, it's the fact that OP didn't tell his friend. And I think OP knows it, or else he wouldn't have tried to justify his decision to keep the money by lying about it being a "fee" for showing her the truth when he never intended to do anything of the sort. If he *actually* thought that this whole thing went down in a way that absolved him of any guilt, he wouldn't be making up stuff about it being a "fee" - he'd be totally fine to just tell us that he thinks it's a fair business deal where he bought an item and then sold that item at a profit.
What makes you think these people wouldn't critique weird proportions in games, too?
Okay, and some people are going to critique that choice, so I'm not sure what you're trying to say? "He *wants* to draw anatomically incorrect hips!" isn't really a meaningful response to the point being made.
It *could* be, but it isn't. She's basically the primary love interest for the Jesus allegory in the book, if that gives you some indication of how the author views her. Plus honestly large portions of the book just devolve into the author going on for pages about his "brilliant" insights into philosophy and psychology, and this isn't out of line with those times when he is *directly* just lecturing the reader. A lot of those asides are just openly sexist and/or homophobic.
... is it though? There's quite a lot of evidence that being surrounded by impossible standards of beauty can psychologically fuck with people. Are you prepared to argue that fudging a little historical accuracy is going to cause actual psychological damage? Because if not, then no, it obviously isn't just conveniently situational. It's actually quite apparent why people would treat those things differently.
Because it doesn't really matter whether it's a choice or issue of skill, in the end. The result is the same either way, and the underlying critique is still completely valid. It's a bit pedantic to break it down into a question of whether the artist meant to do it this way - if he did, then that's a choice deserving of critique, and if he didn't, then he's lacking an obviously important anatomical skill which is also deserving of critique. I mean, when someone says "learn to X," IMO it's fairly obvious that their response wouldn't meaningfully change if the critiqued person came down and proved they already know how to do X. The actual underlying critique is still "it would be better if you drew your hips in a manner that made at least a little biological sense."
&gt; I mean, when someone says "learn to X," IMO it's fairly obvious that their response wouldn't meaningfully change if the critiqued person came down and proved they already know how to do X. The actual underlying critique is still "it would be better if you drew your hips in a manner that made at least a little biological sense." Mmm, sorry, I added this additional paragraph for clarification afterwards, and I guess it wasn't fast enough for you to catch it. My bad.
Oh. Well in that case then, yes, I agree.
Sure, yeah, but usually the incorrectness is apparently intentional. Like the Hulk - he's not anatomically correct, but nobody in their right mind would think that's because the artist *fucked up*. His weird proportions are clearly intended. Or when you get those really extreme fetish drawings of women with boobs bigger than the entire rest of their bodies - nobody is *seriously* going to imply that was an anatomy *mistake* (regardless of their other issues with the content). Those are like that on purpose. Truthfully, though? That can't be said for the weird hips. They're *not* oversized with the obvious intent of sexualization. They just... wonky. There's no apparent intent there. So it really does lend itself to the idea that the artist just kinda fucked up.
Lol it would figure you'd still be pissed off about a "controversy" that didn't even actually happen.
But is that how you'd phrase it? It's my understanding (from other people in my life who have/art pursuing PhDs) that they're usually much more specific than that. Like, my SIL doesn't call her PhD a PhD in "science" or "biology." At her most general, she refers to hers as a PhD is primatology, and sometimes gets considerably more specific about her field. But I'm asking mostly because maybe the traditions/social mores are different in comp-sci, so I dunno if my assumptions apply.
&gt; Can't read a shit simple sign, you shouldn't have a license. Exactly! One, most of the people complaining about the bike lanes are driving through those intersections literally every day, so regular commuters have *obviously* figured out the rules after the first couple weeks. If they can't manage that, they have other issues and shouldn't be driving. And two, if you're that unable to respond to clearly marked signs indicating that you should act in a way you didn't *quite* expect, how the actual fuck am I supposed to believe that you'd be able to respond to an unexpected situation *without* signage? Like, what if a kid runs out in front of your car? Are you gonna try to defend yourself after you hit him because you found it "confusing" to decide whether you should brake or swerve? The number of people coming right out and admitting that they're *not able* to respond to a new situation on the roads is frankly terrifying.
Yeah, I dunno what's up with people claiming China is communist anymore - it's fuckin' not. China is authoritarian and capitalist. The suggestion that it's even trying to distribute wealth "to each according to his need" is just straight-up laughable.
But there's a huge difference between a planet-sized alien and a wonky-looking hip: it's clearly obvious *why* the planet-sized alien isn't accurate to regular body proportions. It's like the people in here going "lol the Hulk is regularly proportioned?!" That's a frankly disingenuous argument to make - if you want to complain about human men with weird proportions, pick an *actual human man* instead of a fucking green atomic monster as your example. It's not like the image in question is short of great examples of that exact issue. The Hulk isn't *supposed* to be proportioned like a human - that's literally the premise of the character. And that's the key point - it's fine that he deviates from expected proportions because there's a clear and obvious reason for it. The same argument can be presented when it comes to why so many of the men *aren't* normally proportioned - they're supposed to look inhumanly strong, even if they are humans, so adding exaggerated muscle tone is a sensible *choice* to make to communicate that. How, exactly, is Gwen's fucky hip part of what makes her Gwen Stacy? Why does it look like that? What's the *purpose* of the deviation from normal human anatomy? There isn't one. That's kinda the point. So if he's doing it on purpose, it's bad because it's a nonsense choice, and if he's doing it because he can't draw hips, it's also bad because it's not a choice at all, but rather a shortcoming in artistic skill. It really doesn't matter which it is - it's still bad.
&gt; Remember - these are opinions. Why yes, they are. And you'll notice that mine is reasonably well justified while yours seems to consist of vague observations that you just hadn't personally noticed the hips are weird-looking. I wonder why I might hold our opinions in different levels of esteem? &gt; Gwen's hips may be wonky for no reason, but does that mean it's instantly bad? Yes. It does. If you disagree and think it's good, give me a reason. I don't really care what your preference is. I've stated my opinion and given quite a lot of explanation about why I feel this way and how I came to my conclusions. Now it's your turn. The fact that you hold an opinion doesn't mean *I* have to value it. If you want me to take your seriously, be serious. Defend your position. If you can't, then just admit that. &gt; Might I add, nothing is done without purpose Okay then, what's the purpose? Go ahead: "I think that Gwen's hip-shape is a good choice because..." I'll be real, I would be really eager to hear a genuine explanation of the reasons why you think it's an actively good choice. But your reasons haven't been active - it's literally just "well maybe some people prefer it that way." Okay well, maybe some people prefer her with purple skin. I don't see how that's relevant.
That's fine. &gt; You can’t expect everything to be the way you like it. Your argument is getting pretty disingenuous at this point anyway.
I mean, that *is* what happens though? As soon as you do that initial "go claim the crossroads and help the refugees" thing, you go to Val Royeaux to confront the Chantry sisters there and, immediately afterwards, you get a series of invitations to add some more people to your party - Vivienne and Sera in VR itself, and Iron Bull the next time you return to Haven. IB draws you to the Storm Coast. Maybe it's just me, but collecting new companions was always really high on my list of priorities, so heading off to collect Bull happened pretty quick, as soon as I realized I could.
You ain't wrong, but there's a lot to be said for genetics and sunscreen, too.
&gt; you would agree with me that the stories of the males in the MCU more often put them in training-heavy roles than the females No, I would absolutely not. I'm not really sure how you got that from my previous comments. &gt; And that would compromise the variety of potential body types, right? I'm confused. You were just saying that it makes sense for all the Marvel characters to have *one* body type. Are you changing your mind? &gt; Captain America: He trains a lot, and has continued training to maintain his powerful physique long after gaining his powers. We've seen him jogging and training with a punching bag. Okay, so, just to be clear, you think Captain America gets to be built like a truck because he's gone on a couple of runs, but apparently Black Widow shouldn't have muscles because she *died*? What? &gt; Falcon, Bucky, Black Panther, Hawkeye, War Machine. We've never seen any of these characters engage in much physical training except *one* run for Falcon that was the butt of a joke, but you *assume* that they all train on the regular, and yet somehow you're trying to write off Carol Danvers who, I should point out, spends *most* of the first third of her movie in various fist fights and training montages? I mean, really think honestly about some of the characters you've brought up. Hope? There's a training montage in Ant Man where *she* trains Scott in hand-to-hand combat. Meanwhile, Starlord is a layabout bro, but you're trying to say it makes *more* sense for him to be build vs her? Because he *is* more built than she is, in both film and comic. Or the fact that a huge amount of Captain Marvel's character development in her solo film occurs *through combat training*? You don't know that War Machine trains - hell, Rhodey is paralyzed and can't walk without support. What makes you so convinced that *he* is a character bench-presses on the regular when you're not willing to assume the same of any of the female characters who have a lot more reason to do weight training? And, in fact, we *know* Bucky doesn't train for long stretches of the films' chronology. Bucky gets a lot of science-torture done to him and spends a huge amount of time strapped to a chair, but he gets massive muscles instead of, you know, the atrophy that would actually cause. You see what I'm getting at? There's really no reason to believe that superhero musculature even comes close to reflecting the actual training effort they may or may not put into building said muscle. Sure yeah, *some* women in the MCU shouldn't be built, but some of them obviously *should*, and it's really ridiculous to suggest that *all* the men actually work out and diet enough to have the rippling 8-packs that literally all of them have, even if they're 90 years old. 'Cause like, yeah, maybe you can come up with a couple of men who should be built like trucks, but I wasn't suggesting that *none* of them should be like that - only that it's absurd for literally *all* of them to be built like that, especially when there's clear reason for some of them not to be. And, on a similar vein, there really should be at least *some* women who are built... well, like athletes. Most of them, in fact. But instead we just get a parade of women who definitely suffer back problems because they have so much weight hanging from their chests and clearly no abdominal muscles capable of even partially reducing that pain.
Sounds like one of those hilarious stories where someone assumes that the target of their rant can't understand their language, and then it turns out they can. She 100% brought this upon herself. There's no reason to be so rude and talk behind your back with other coworkers. NTA.
NTA. People who are currently working - especially in a service like childcare - don't necessarily feel empowered to be anything but polite and gracious at all times, even if someone is being creepy or aggressive. You are the one who has power over both of them, as their shared employer, which means it's *crazy* easy for you to shut him down, comparatively speaking, whereas she has no real assurance that trying to defend herself won't cause "drama" or piss you off. It's 110% appropriate for you to take action in this situation.
