It got released before Deadpool 2
The virulence of Jedi-hate always shocks me.
&gt; Finn martyring himself would only have delayed them for a little while That's literally what the Resistance needs, and it's what they were aiming for when they started the attack. They were planning on hunkering down and waiting for potential reinforcements. &gt; She didn't want him to die for something that wouldn't have made a difference, She crashes into him at full speed right in front of all the FO Walkers. All she did was delay his death a little while. Of course, in the movie the collision doesn't kill either (which is fine) and the FO makes 0 attempt at killing or capturing the helpless enemies right in front of them (which makes no sense). The whole sequence is awful, especially when you take into account that the resistance is ultimately saved by virtue of a delay that cause Luke Skywalker to die.
Al lot of people harp on how arrogant and vain the Jedi are in the prequels, but no one can back it up. Most of the prequel Jedi are Kit Fistos, Plo Koons, and Shaak Tis, fundamentally good people, not Mace Windus.
Did you? Most of the Jedi Masters in the Prequels and especially in the Clone Wars are great people and not at all arrogant.
Yeah, Vader was 100% Obi-Wan's fault, obviously. Sidious and Anakin himself bear 0 responsibility.
&gt; Jedi are like the Sith, liars, selfish and arrogant, Totally, they're the same. One side commits genocide and enslaves entire star systems, and the other has Mace Windu being a dick. Seriously, where the hell does this equivalence come from? Are Plo Koon and Kit Fisto arrogant? Are Shaak Ti and Aayla Secura selfish liars? How in the world do you watch Star Wars movies and TV shows and manage to come out equivocating the Jedi and people like Vader and Sidious. Mind-boggling.
Too bad absolutely none of that is in the ST though. You're pulling all of this from the books. Supplementary material is not something to just dismiss, but at the same time, you can't call this a theme of the era if you don't get a whiff of it from any of the movies. An average moviegoer has 0 idea about what you talked about.
&gt; And Luke created Kylo If Kylo being betrayed by Luke was the only trigger needed to get him to murder his fellow students in their sleep, he was already pretty far gone. Luke does share some responsibility, but he did not create Kylo, Ben and Snoke did. Same for the Jedi and Luke. The majority of the blame and responsibility fall on the person choosing to become evil and the already evil shifty old dude influencing them. &gt; The Jedi have demonstrably brought disaster to the galaxy The *Sith*, and whatever Snoke calls himself, are the ones who bring disaster to the galaxy, not the Jedi. The worst the Jedi can do is not manage to stop the Sith, which is what happens in the prequels. Take the Sith and Snoke out of the equation, and there's no Vader, no Kylo, and no Empire. Take the Jedi out, and Palpatine has an even easier time running the clone wars and becomes Emperor, presumably forever without Luke to help stop him. The Sith try to fuck the Galaxy up, so they murder the Jedi to get them out of the way. Then they fuck the Galaxy up. The fact that so many people just straight up ignore the Sith and blame the Galaxy being messed up on the Jedi is ***astounding***. It's literally textbook victim-blaming to lay the responsibility at the feet of the party that failed to stop an aggression instead of the aggressor. &gt; it's a reasonable conclusion for Luke Skywalker to reach as a character No it isn't, because even if he did have a point regarding the Jedi needing to be replaced, there was still Snoke and Kylo out and about, preparing to abuse the Galaxy. There's no reason why Luke shouldn't at least address that before giving up on the Jedi. Unless you want to tell me that Luke genuinely believes that the galaxy is better off left in the hands of Snoke than if Luke is doing anything. If so, Luke's an absolute moron.
When? I don't recall them ever talking about that.
It sounds completely implausible to me that Finn and Rose can just chill in front of the FO and get left unmolested when the FO is on a mission to kill em all. Out of all the remaining resistance members, Finn is literally the one who knows the most about the cannon and how it works. If Finn thinks he can blow it up by ramming it, I don't see why I'd take the word of Poe who has no idea. Poe also doesn't say it won't work, he says it's a suicide mission. Given that the movie presents heroic sacrifice in a positive light both before and after this point, that alone is not really a good reason to pull back. As far as all the Resistance is concerned, unless they can hide in the bunker long enough to receive reinforcements from their elusive allies to save them, they are done for. That cannon destroying the door dooms them to death. As far as Rose knows, she just saved Finn for however long it takes the FO to storm the bunker, and she guarantees the death of everyone else. Luke unexpectedly provides a distraction ***and*** there happens to be a secret back door they knew nothing of. Two improbable things happen to save them despite Rose.
Perhaps. I'll admit I know little about pacing and the like. In my case, the ST conflict feels cheap and fake, in part because of how similar it is to that im the OT and in part because it has no foundation. There's a complete departure from the status quo from the end of 6 that goes completely unaddressed by the movie. In that sense, I think I'd have connected emotionally with the movie more if they had found a way to give us the necessary information even if it did mess up the pacing for a few minutes.
&gt;Honestly, to me it does suck to be someone who lets that ruin the movie for them. I don't really care. I still enjoyed the movies. Have you considered expressing this sentiment without being a dick about it? The movies aren't ruined by that alone for me, they're ruined by a bunch of stuff. But this is literally completely besides the original point and completely irrelevant. &gt;ANH didn't explain the politics of the galaxy at all. There's one line about talking to the Senate. Within an entire scene describing the setting, including the political situation.
Even though I think even just the criticism is exaggerated, I can at least acknowledge that it's rational and justified. But those frothing at the mouth saying the Jedi deserved order 66 will always confound me.
None of this fixes anything though. It doesn't stop racism, it just sweeps it under the rug.
This quote is not meant as an absolute, unless you genuinely think there's no difference between lifting a pebble and a Star Destroyer.
Honestly, I thought I was tired of it after the first Captain America and the first Thor. Came back to watch Age of Ultron, didn't particularly like it. Then for about 3 years I didn't watch any of the movies bar Guardians of the Galaxy. I gave them a new chance this year and ended binging them all in about a month. I'm sure there are people that are genuinely fatigued of it, but I feel like some are like me, they just happened to see a cocktail of their mediocre movies and tuned out before they got good again, but blamed it on fatigue instead.
Filoni still has to make stories that appeal to children even more so than regular Star Wars movie stories, so that explains some of the more weird kid-elements like space animals.
Don't forget JJ. Iger shares a big piece of the blame too.
Solo's performance points in that direction, but it's not the only thing. The Last Jedi had bad legs, which were made up for by an amazing opening. It still under-performed compared to many early projections, even if it was still a financial success. Given that openings tends to be indicative of hype, and legs tend to be indicative of word-of-mouth/General audience reaction, that's concerning, and in line with the thought that Episode IX might severely under-perform.
Speaking of pathetic, you should have seen the almost daily posts back in June literally begging people to go see Solo.
Poe is portrayed as wrong in his conflict with Holdo, even though the only reason she offers for why he should follow her is that she outranks him. Putting such stock into authority figures purely based on their title is the definition of authoritarianism (which, according to Merriam-Webster, is " of, relating to, or favoring blind submission to authority") Had Holdo told him her plan, or put forward anything other than just her rank, it wouldn't be a lesson for Poe to blindly follow authority. And before you tell me that that's just how it is in a military setting, since many have told me that in the past: 1) The military is authoritarian 2) Movies can't ever be as nuanced as the real world, filmmakers have to pic and choose what they depict and how. The OT shows the military of the rebellion in all 3 movies, but never emphasizes or props up blind obedience the way TLJ does.
Because I understand the fact that actors have to promote a movie, and that they do it due to contractual obligations. So when Mark Hamill is repeatedly talking about how he disagrees with the portrayal of Luke for months before release, both in the media and in the making-of (and the writer-director concurs), but suddenly changes his tune right around the time where controversy sparks up, it's pretty easy to put one and two together. Also, as far as I remember, all he said was that he came around and now loves the *movie*, which is different than saying he likes or agrees with the portrayal of Luke.
What you're talking about is continuity errors. It's definitely inconsistent in tone and intent.
&gt; Wrong. The reason she gives was because he was demoted for being a hot head and getting people killed, so I don't want you part of the plan right now You're right, the reason she gives has nothing to do with rank, it has to do with demotion, which as we all know has nothing to do with rank /s. She never mentions having a plan, or that she doesn't want him involved "right now". She just tells him to follow orders, which is based on rank. &gt; it's almost literally what she says to him. You can't miss it You're right, it's *almost* literally what she says, with the difference being that was she actually says contains nothing about a plan, which completely changes the meaning of the conversation. &gt; How he never took the opportunity to calm down and examine the situation Poe literally walks up to Holdo and calmly asks her what the plan is. He offers her a direct path to constructively wield her authority. Had she explained her plan, or at least, as you wrongly suggested she did, mention that she has a plan that's on a need-to-know basis that doesn't currently include him, it would be fine. Instead she just berates him, emphasizes **rank**, and tells him to obey orders. She doesn't put any reason forward for obeying besides rank differential, which is authoritarian. &gt; She only brings up rank in the first place because Poe ignores his demotion and punishment for behavior that actively harmed the Resistance... again, you're missing the point. Even if that is the case, it's still the *only* justification she brings up, meaning that the overall point is unaffected: rank is the only justification she brings forward to have him obey. Besides, Poe also brings up her rank as vice-admiral, which is higher than his both his current and past ranks, meaning that either way he isn't challenging her authority. So the way she puts him in his place, even if it is somewhat unjustified, is still largely unnecessary. And again, at no point does she talk about anything but rank. So yeah, it is authoritarian. It could easily not be by just actually having Poe be a hothead who doesn't listen to Holdo's plan, but that's not how it goes down.
You're completely misrepresenting the scene. I literally just rewatched it. &gt; &gt; She never mentions having a plan, or that she doesn't want him involved "right now". She just tells him to follow orders, which is based on rank. &gt;She tells him to stay at his post and that she doesn't need him involved right now. Again, the demotion is the representation of leia's slap across the face to him and doesn't actually play into anything past that. So you're wrong. I know "Again" is your favorite word, but I'm not even talking about the demotion in the segment you're quoting, so you seem to be missing the point entirely. I'm talking about her only legitimacy behind her "Follow orders" command being her rank, since she doesn't give a justification for it. Telling someone to follow your orders without added justification is to do so based on rank differential. &gt; &gt;You're right, it's almost literally what she says, with the difference being that was she actually says contains nothing about a plan, which completely changes the meaning of the conversation. &gt; No it doesn't. That's not a rebuttal, that's a statement with no backing. Mentioning a plan would change the meaning of the conversation, since it would give Poe a reason to obey Holdo aside from just their difference in rank. If you're not going to actually engage the point, I'll take that as a concession. &gt; He's now trying to usurp that punishment and take direct control of the situation again now that Leia's not in the picture, signified by his disappointment that Holdo is put in charge and not him when she's first brought out... Woah woah what? First of all, where are you getting the fact that Poe wanted to be put in charge over Holdo? Because that's not anywhere in the movie. The only thing even remotely related to this is Poe telling his pilot friend that Holdo isn't what he expected, which makes complete sense since she's an admiral wearing a ball gown instead of a uniform. You could maybe stretch that into disappointment about her appointment, but it definitely doesn't indicate him wanting the position. Second, he's not trying to take control because he walks up to her, refers to her superior rank, which is an acknowledgment of her position, and asks her what her plan. He doesn't try to get her to go with some plan of his or to obey him, he's differing to her. None of what you said is in the movie. &gt; &gt; Besides, Poe also brings up her rank as vice-admiral, which is higher than his both his current and past ranks, meaning that either way he isn't challenging her authority. &gt; The mutiny says otherwise. His disappointment that she's out in charge and not him (his reaction when she's first brought out) shows he wants her position. The mutiny comes after, in case you didn't notice. At the moment I'm talking about he isn't challenging her. The mutiny comes about because she seemingly has no plan even though they need one to survive. Because all she has over him is a position of authority as far as any of the mutineers know, not actual competence. &gt; Again, you do not understand what you are talking about Sure, and after all this, even if you are right about the demotion, which is all you talk about, you still haven't addressed my main point, which is that: Holdo offers no reason for him to obey aside from rank differential, aka blindly listening to authority, aka authoritarianism. If you're willing to address that, do so. If not, this conversation is done.
It's not excluded, as in, it's not impossible, but it is clearly not what TFA is going for. TFA is not trying to make you think Luke is a hobo the way TLJ is. Luke was also originally going to be lifting rocks with the Force, so there's definitely a disconnect there.
Wow you really proved me wrong there. I'm not making any complex box office predictions, this is is pretty basic stuff
Ah, the good ole "find some slight circumstantial difference and use it to declare the entire comparison as invalid" shtick. TLJ's legs are bad in general, including compared to other December releases of movies. They are bad even compared to Rogue One which isn't even a saga movie.
EA BAD
As another person who really hates TLJ, how is Ant-Man and the Wasp at all like that?
He said something similar recently, it's not just a sentiment from 2005. I'll try to look for the quote and add it in an edit. &gt; He doesn't say or even imply he wants "half the people to hate it." Also, you're the one seriously characterizing what he says. He doesn't say that he simply enjoys having people that dislike the movie, he says, verbatim: ***"Having those two extremes (people who adore the movie and people who hate it), to me is, you know, is the mark of the type of movie that I wanted to make"*** He wants to make the type of movie that has a group of people that find it brilliant and another that find it awful. It's literally undeniably what he says.
Luke isn't a Mary Sue, or Gary Stu. He's got enough skill to be relevant while still being out of his depth and constantly needing help. Han and Ben keep bailing him out. Rey is not like that, she's always bailing Finn out and she rescues herself with 0 help (which is actually an element I really enjoy when taken individually) And yeah, another Mary Sue aspect is not just competence, but "endorsement" by major figures. Leia, Han, Chewie, Finn, and Kylo all take to liking her very quickly if not immediately in some cases. In TLJ this isn't as bad since Luke and Snoke don't.
I read it but I don't agree personally. The author says that none of the Star Wars characters have been Mary Sues, but I do think both Rey and young Anakin qualify. He spends a lot of his article explaining how Rey would have picked these skills up, but that's not really my issue with her. As he said, ordinary people in Star Wars pick up crazy skills pretty easily. Every justification for Rey's abilities makes some sort of sense in-universe (with the Force stuff being the sole exception in my opinion). My problem is more meta in that the creators chose to make Rey this good at everything. They chose to make her good at nearly everything in a way Luke wasn't. At every step of the way she matches whoever she's up against on her own. That's just lame from a character design perspective. You usually want your young hero to be competent enough to not be a loser while still limited enough to show vulnerability. Rey only displays emotional vulnerability in TFA, which is good, but isn't the whole picture. You could come up with a lore-friendly character called Roy who spent some of his time on Jakku scavenging old blasters and practicing with them to the point that he's got Rey's skills and is also the best gunslinger in the galaxy. It's just a bit lame to be so over-powered. Kid Anakin is like that too. Luke isn't, and he constantly comes up short individually. As for what the author states about everyone liking Rey, he's really selling it short by saying the same happened to Luke. Of course, the protagonist eventually gets everyone's attention and/or approval, but Rey gets it almost immediately with Han, since she impresses him after fixing the Falcon, and does get it immediately with Leia, when she cuts through a bunch of decade-old friends to go hug a girl she doesn't even know. The last bit is the most egregious case of "everyone loves Mary". Meanwhile, Han warms to Luke much more slowly. It's also possible that we simply have different thresholds for what we consider Mary Sues. And for what it's worth, I still like Rey, just not as much as I would have.
Yup, my thought exactly. Star Wars should reflect the real world on an abstract level. But it shouldn't limit the crew of the Resistance to what you would see on Times Square.
If EDI and the Geth survive that's just way too happy and convenient of an ending, especially since Shep survives too. Only the morally ambiguous endings allow for everyone's survival.
Where do I report bugs? The science lab icon is showing up all blurry in my game for some reason. edit: stronghold too
It's really sad but I'm not. I like Rey but I don't really care where she goes from here. I like Finn but he's really not that interesting, or at least a far-cry from how interesting he seemed when all we knew was that he was a former stormtrooper. Kylo is well acted but besides that I'm still not sold on him until I actually see why he went dark. Luke is dead, without any children, with only one niece/nephew who's irredeemably evil. His last interaction with the only remaining person who's even close to being his student had him sprawled in the mud and looking away in shame. The projection doesn't even begin to make up for any of that in my opinion. Sure he'll be back as a ghost, but it's not the same thing, he'll be extremely limited in what he can do. The Skywalker family itself is going to die out forever, unless Rey and Kylo get together. I don't know which option would be worse, though if I had to choose I'd rather have Rey not actually fall in love with her abuser. As far as the resolution of the war is concerned, I also don't care. The progress made in the original Rebels vs Empire struggle was undone so cheaply and casually for JJ's remake that this conflict has no weight in my eyes. It's just nuts, a year ago I was so incredibly excited for VIII, and now I'm not even sure I'll go see 9 in theaters. It's not only that I doubt that I'd like it, I actually can't even imagine a version that wouldn't disappoint me. None of the macro plot's possible resolutions that I can think of are good, they're all just differing levels of bad. Needless to say, this bums me out.
Thank you. I enjoyed reading the article you linked too, even if I didn't agree with all of it.
Super late response, but there is a semi-solution to the whole "vassal getting imprisoned" thing. If you set the desmesne limit to quartered in the game rules, the AI lieges will stop trying to fuck with their vassals so much to fill up their desmesne. It's also more lore-friendly in general.
Yo I won't go see it either, make sure to buy one on my behalf. Poor cash-strapped Disney needs your support
The Sith are just authoritarian. They hate any authority above them, but love imposing their will on others.
Some of these are real stretches, and it doesn't include some of the blatant ones, like the sublight chase.
YES! Leia is the only female Skywalker, but also the only one to not fully embrace the Force. She remained a general and politician. Now, the Skywalker Force User group is pretty much forever closed to girls, in a way it literally never has been before. The ST is progressive in only the most superficial ways, and incredibly regressive in so many other ways.
Great cross and header Very slightly offside, but not enough to give a significant advantage. Very difficult real time call.
I think it wouldn't make much sense for anyone to be fighting like that in 9. Should a new movie be set in the OR though, they should use that kind of style. And really go nuts with the saber colors and variations too.
This is such a stupid thing to be talking about.
I don't see why he'd be stuck on Tatooine, especially in the early years when Luke is too young to attract any attention. Obi-Wan could leave for a week or two if something important enough came up.
As someone who really dislikes TLJ, I agree with what you're saying. There's legitimate reasons to both love and hate the film, and calling people names or accusing them of malice is wrong. However: &gt; I hope that after TCW season 7, The Mandalorian, and Episode IX, we can all collectively move past this era in the Star Wars fandom and focus on enjoying Star Wars for what it is. This is the issue. I can't look forward to what's after that, because I know that a very significant portion of the next few movies will be Rian Johnson's trilogy. I don't think he purposefully wants to make bad Star Wars movies, but after seeing what he considers his personal vision of Star Wars in TLJ, I know that I don't want to see any more of it. I've also seen speculation that his trilogy might deal with the Dawn of the Jedi, and I can't think of anyone I'd want less to define that important moment. I know a bunch of people love this dude, but until he's gone, I and a lot of other fans will not be able to put this behind us, because it effectively isn't behind us.
Yeah, none of what he quoted debunks the question. Ironic that he used the stupid sentence meme for it when he's not making any sense.
None of them were disproven. All the dumb theories are as valid or invalid as they were before. RJ just ignored one of the elephants in the room because he didn't want to deal with it. Also, mocking your fanbase for being engaged with the movies enough to wildly speculate is stupid. And I know he was posing and didn't make the stickers himself, but he should have known how this would come across. Barely anyone theorizes on here anymore.
Just because the audience likes something exciting doesn't make it fanservice. The final battle is just a final battle. Only the Vader part is fan service.
Luke's pontificating is misleading and his conclusions are wrong. He's not actually teaching her useful philosophical concepts besides his first lesson.
It could be if done well. Plagueis could tie in neatly. Or it could still be a new character, but with an actual background that's at least hinted at if it can't be a major part of the story. But Snoke simply being no more than the Snoke we glance at in TFA means that he's still no more than a paper-thin cardboard cutout of the Emperor. It's lazy and cheap.
Are you genuinely serious? The first one is clearly not neutral.
Going further: White athletes are "cerebral". Black athletes are "beasts". Both positive comments, but they do reveal the subconcious bias of those making them.
No? They did let them happen. Whether it's because they didn't exercise oversight or because they liked what they saw, the shock unsatisfied fans that Lucasfilms would let it happen the way it did is still legitimate. None of this dispels that. If anything, had it been revealed that a lot of these things were sneaked past Lucasfilms for some reason, then that would explain the question away better.
Great reasoning. Might as well just stop making movies entirely if that's the reasoning behind not even trying to depict certain things.
It's more of an expression of shock than an accusation. From my perspective, it blows my mind that they couldn't see the polarization coming.
You realize you don't need to downvote all my replies right? Doesn't really matter, but doesn't exactly foster a good environment for discussion either. I can see why you would be shocked by it. But from my perspective, TLJ is awful. And I can't imagine no one on the production side realizing that a significant portion of the fanbase would be disappointed, even if another significant portion, maybe even larger, would love it.
That, or you have Holdo tell him she has a plan but it's on a need-to-know basis. That way, Poe isn't as justified in gambling on his own plan.
This thread is one detailing a change that the OP thinks would improve the Holdo and Poe dynamic. This is saying that Holdo should throw out Poe on suspicion of him being a mole, instead of originally simply dismissing him as a flyboy. It's referring to their first scene
I'm sure there's plenty we'd agree on, it's just that the more recent and prominent issues are not among them.
I really hate TLJ, but I was still able to find something I liked. I'm surprised that nothing at all came to mind for you with RotS
That's true, I'd forgotten that part. It was pretty cool
TWOIAF itself was a big undertaking from scratch. F&amp;B being overflow from that doesn't really change the point that he's been focusing too much on auxiliary material
God damnit, I didn't notice my mistake till you commented lol
We just need new map modes to make sense of it. Edit: A few ideas is a population mapmode, a colony type map mode, and a species map mode.
Yeah, and this deadpool *is* accessible to all the under-17 year olds who had significant barriers to seeing the actual Deadpool movies.
"the beatings will continue until morale improves"
The diversity push is definitely not the issue. It's actually a good development. The problem is that the people hired to actually write the stories incorporating this diversity, like JJ, RJ, and Chuck "wibbles and wobbles" Wendig have done a fucking shit job, and use the inclusion of said diversity as a shield to detract from proper criticism. Thank god they at least fired Wendig, seeing his tweets you'd think he invented gay people.
What's nuts is all the stuff that you can't use favors for. Like, you can't use them to force plot support. Why?
I really wouldn't be surprised if David Villa does watch Spongebob with his kids. He seems like a great family man.
Yeah, no. The fact that our enemies are awful people does not justify inhumane and savage behavior from us. That's preschool playground logic. And while most of the people who were victims of this are the awful people you describe, there are always innocents caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Slight aside but: &gt; D&amp;D from Game of Thrones will probably make a Star Wars that looks nice, but knowing them the writing will be weak. I've seen this multiple times here and elsewhere, and I think it's not that well thought through. People have been saying this because it's widely believed that the last few seasons of GoT have had subpar writing, but D&amp;D have been dealt a really tough hand. They masterfully adapted the first 3 books in 4 seasons while remaining mostly faithful to them, but then they ran into a few problems: - Books 4 and 5 are generally thought to be the two worst, a sentiment I agree with. Quality aside, they are absolutely unadaptable to TV. Not only do they balloon the story in scope to a point that would be near-impossible for the already huge show production to cope with, they also feature storylines that would not translate to TV, and would definitely disappoint a large portion of the GoT audience. - They had to keep their schedule up. They are on a yearly schedule that they've already had to stretch. During that year they must not only write, but also oversee production. GRRM, the author of the books, has taken multiple years just to write these later books - GRRM is slow as hell at writing, but he's also the worst estimator of his own work's completion that I've ever seen. He thought his next book was months away from publishing 3 years ago, and it's at least a year away today. So whatever estimates he gave D&amp;D about what to keep in mind for the later seasons has been inaccurate. To put this all together, D&amp;D suddenly found themselves needing to write a continuation to the story that GRRM himself struggled with in a fraction of the time. They had unreliable information regarding future books, which likely made their selection of what to adapt and what to ditch from the nearly unadaptable books 4 and 5 that much more difficult. All in all, I think the lowered quality of the writing is more attributable to these circumstances than to D&amp;D's ability. Besides, Star Wars has never been as complex as GoT. The most "complex" Star Wars so far has been TLJ, and we know how that ended. Star Wars is great but also pretty simple. With that in mind, I think D&amp;D are more than capable of meeting the standard required. Finally, their experience helming a mature medieval show would translate well to an Old Republic setting, should they choose to go there. That way they can give us a slightly darker tone than usual, which would fit well with all the Sith and their tendencies to both mutilate and seduce. We could get more PG-13 Star Wars basically.
Reality isn't balanced. Games should be.
I notice this a lot. They'll argue by disputing everything at the literal level. The free thing you mention is an example. Another is when you mention that the US is supposed to be a democracy and they smugly declare "No, we're a republic". Yes, the US is not a literal democracy in the Athenian sense, but it is a democracy according to the modern usage of the word. Another is when someone says that the US needs socialism, only to have its literal definition from Marx thrown in their face instead of it being recognized that 90% of the popular usage of the word "socialism" is a shorthand for social democracy. The tactic is effective, because it derails the conversation, forcing the person to stop arguing their actual point and instead argue semantics.
It's insane. I remember seeing the Leia slap in theaters and being shocked. It was like a callback to the 60s depiction of women. How the fuck is this shit feminist.
Yeah, it's nuts. Labeling the fans of Star Wars as toxic makes Star Wars appears toxic by association. After all, why else would a franchise have so many toxic fans? They've sacrificed so much long-term value to defend this one movie, it's nuts.
"You're officially pardoned... from life!"
Jedi never kidnapped anyone, I'm so tired of reading this bullshit on this sub.
What? You're saying that people instead mean Marxist Socialism when they talk about social democracy?
You've never seen a right winger respond to a comment that advocates for socialism with some variant of "Having the workers own the means of production is stupid"? Because I have.
This exchange is from months ago to be fair.
*you're Star Wars hasn't been irrevocably ruined, but I do have very little faith in the current creatives at Lucasfilms given their recent work.
That's the beauty of opinions. But just because other people's opinions differ doesn't mean you need to revel in their misery or disappointment.
GRRM would make more money from Book 6 than from 3 supplementary books put together. He's definitely struggling with it.
Yeah, this is where this whole line of thinking literally falls apart. The threat of Kylo killing his family and taking over the galaxy is enough motivation to instinctually prepare to kill his nephew, but Kylo actually going down that path towards killing his family isn't enough motivation for Luke to not be a pathetic loser on the island.
Yeah. I have only one system with piracy, so I park a corvette there and call it a day.
I read that line over a decade ago and it still triggers my cringe reaction. What a fucking awful fanservicy name.
I've had pirates spawn. It takes a while though, and the risk gets completely reset to 0 whenever enough military force enters the system. So it's possible that that's why you haven't seen them.
The British already were exempt of a bunch of the added European institutions. The UK had the best deal out of any of the rich western nations by far. Your comparison to the mafia makes absolutely 0 sense. The mafia fucks you by physically wrecking your shit. The EU isn't invading the UK, or seizing their assets. The EU is "fucking" the UK by not going easy on them in negotiating new economic agreements. The UK is not entitled to get a good deal. They want to leave the EU, and now they find themselves with way less bargaining power compared to the EU, which the latter is leveraging.
As the other commenter said, the differences lie in the gender of the following noun as well as whether it's plural or not. I would also tell you to pay attention to the article that follows. I'll stick to the other commenter's example sentence. Starting with the feminine, which uses "De" : De *la* viande. For the masculine "Du", you might wonder where the article is. It's actually in the word itself, since "Du" is a contraction of "de"+"le". It gives us : Du (de+*le*) vin Plural is the same except it's "de"+"les", which give "des" : Des (de+*les*) carottes. So in short, to figure out which version of "de" you need, look at the noun that comes after and match it to its proper article. Now, it's important to remember this is used when the noun is the object of the sentence. If instead, the noun is used to qualify another (like "Glass of water" in English), you don't use an article, and "de" or "d'" is used for everything. Examples: Verre d'eau Chateau de cartes Sac de sable
He wanted to make Snoke as uninteresting as possible to justify his own decision to discard him.
What I don't get is that it's also horribly thought out from a financial standpoint. Having only one Skywalker who's also evil basically dooms the family, and any hope of using the Skywalker name in future movies. Like, why?
Glad I could be of service, though you should post that essay of yours on here one of these days!
I'll be honest, I'm still struggling to understand the new system, even with your added explanation. I do remember seeing that piracy "reached a maximum value" after a specific number of days, but that countdown reset once a ship passed through.
On the contrary, it seems to me that it's a weird hill to die on to say that a parental lie over an otherwise meaningless topic for the sole purpose of giving a child joy is a significant violation of trust. I get being irked by it in the moment and immediately after, but given both the intent and the fact that it's an experience common to most children, I have a hard time relating to the idea that it's harmful. If anything, it can be used to constructively start teaching a kid about critical thinking, if done carefully. The only exception to this, is the really creepy "He knows when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake" part of Santa. That's something that I think should die out. Santa should be for giving kids joy, not a tool for parents to keep their children in line.
TLJ performed below expectations. Here's a [Hollywood Reporter article about predictions that said that the movie would still hit 1.6 billion despite a predictably large Christmas drop](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/heat-vision/star-wars-last-jedi-dips-at-christmas-box-office-1070314), and here's a ["pessimistic prediciton" from a Forbes writer written before release, saying that it should hit at least 1.44 billion.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/scottmendelson/2017/11/14/star-wars-the-last-jedi-the-pessimistic-box-office-prediction/#114e62ac5f1b) TLJ ended up getting 1.33 billion. People seem to think that just because it made a lot of money and was still overall a financial success, it must have hit expectations. It underperformed.
I've noticed that a lot of the dialogue, when looked without thinking of the movie itself, is actually garbage. It speaks volumes of not only the talent of the actors, Driver most of all, but also of Rian's talent at directing actors. Unfortunately, he's the one writing the garbage dialogue in the first place.
Instead, they get to play a bunch of F2P games on their parents' iPad. Poor kids.
No one deserves abuse like what he's gotten.
Then Luke just sat out for years while knowing what Kylo would do. This does contextualize Luke's reaction in the moment, but it doesn't do much to improve my opinion of the portrayal at all.
I linked you to two out of many predictions. All of which are much higher than what it ended up grossing. Unless Lucasfilm was somehow the only outlier in the prediction game, it underperformed in their eyes too. Also, you say whether it performs up to expectations or not is up to the company's predictions, but you still confidently state that: &gt; TLJ hit expectations Are you an employee at Lucasfilms with access to their box office estimations, or are you just talking out of your ass and switching up the goalposts in the face of an actual argument?
You literally just repeated yourself without even attempting to argue what I said lol. I'll take that as an admission that you were talking out of your ass earlier when you said it met expectations then
He was at the club but I don't think he played. More accurate to say 1 league title
Likely because he has lighter hair so it doesn't stivk out as much
I don't think so, but someone else told me with conviction that he both played and scored, so I'm probably wrong. I'll have to look that up later
Some greys are way darker than others. What the Empire did wrong is magnitudes worse than what the Republic did.
This update has moved Stellaris a great way towards what I consider to be the main strength of Paradox's games: the ability to roleplay at the scale of a nation. Nothing else really comes close. Stellaris, while more like that than most 4X games, was still a bit "generic" due to how dull the old planets were. It's also opened the door for modders, which is fantastic.
Yeah, or more likely you're feeling a bit shitty but you're not sure if you're seriously ill or not, so you go in for a checkup. It's really liberating. In the States I always have to judge my health myself to figure out whether the price of the visit is worth it, which is dumb because that's what the doctor is for. As a bonus, doctors get plenty of clients.
Yup. I'm all for not idealizing the Republic, but some of the equivalencies that get thrown around are nuts. Same thing for the Jedi and Sith.
I like Rogue One as much as I did when I saw it in theaters. Maybe even more since, with time, the "meh" first part of the movie is fading from my memory while the awesome ending doesn't. I left TLJ feeling weird. I knew I disliked it but I tried finding a few positives, to little avail. Over time and after seeing it again, I can confidently say that I really don't like that movie. It's like the anti-Star Wars movie, and it's killed all my interest in the rest of the trilogy. Now I'm on fan standby mode, waiting for 9 to get out of the way, successful enough not to hurt the franchise while underperforming enough for Lucasfilms to hopefully stop dismissing TLJ's split of the fanbase and reevaluate getting Johnson to make a trilogy.
Sidious didn't directly control the droidekas. Sidious didn't really care who came out on top, no matter what he got what he wanted, which was getting elected chancellor.
The species and the order were pretty much synonymous for most of their history. The Empire committed multiple genocides in 20 years. They blew up billions of people to prove a point. Again, nowhere near the same.
I understand the reasoning obviously, but it's still completely horrifying and disproportionate. I play CK2 lol, I'm no stranger to being an awful person to be a good ruler.
*because they were associated with an order that repeatedly enslaved planets, committed genocide, and generally tried to oppress everyone they possibly could due to their fixation with power. You're not seriously trying to tell me that the Sith were slandered by the Jedi and not actually evil, right? I'll never get how the Jedi came to be so utterly loathed that people are willing to whitewash the Sith lol.
&gt; The Old Republic literally committed genocide on the Sith (species not force users). Practically the entire Sith species were Force users. They were practically exclusively dark side as well. That doesn't excuse what the Republic did, but it's more justification than the Empire had for all the genocides, successful or attempted, that they committed in a mere 20 years.
The Sith species was full of power hungry space wizards. There's no way of ridding the species of these people, because they make up a significant number of the population. Sith were highly likely to be force sensitive, and connected more readily to the Dark Side by their nature. And their culture was the precursor to the Sith Order. You'd need at least cultural genocide to possibly neutralize the Sith threat. That doesn't justify wiping them out, but it does show why such a thing was considered. It wasn't as simple as regime change for the Sith. Besides, while the purebloods did die out, lots of their ancestors survived. They were being outbred by non-pure Sith before the Republic attacked again.
But the way you present them makes them seem equivalent. The Empire, for all its efficiency, was undoubtedly much worse than the Republic.
The Jedi aren't all Mace Windu. Yoda, Obi-Wan, and all the other masters do not deny their emotions, they just have them in check. I feel like this aspect is really overplayed sometimes.
&gt; Might as well abandon both and just focus on being a good person with magical abilities That's the issue, it's not that simple. Anakin was a good person with magical abilities, but he made a Faustian deal to save a loved one. The Jedi were too rigid, but I still think they got the jist of it right. To be a Jedi, you have to put the Republic (all of it, not just the government), first. It's a life of service. Emotions and relationships are allowed, as long as they don't become so indispensable that they supersede a Jedi's duty, else they can easily be corrupted and everyone suffers.
Bruh I don't know what movies you were watching but in Star Wars there's always been a clear good side and bad side. The good actors not being flawless, and the evil ones not being completely worthless doesn't change that.
I'm so sick of seeing it repeated on reddit that the jedi kidnapped children. It's a blatant lie. Younglings were recruited with parental consent, not kidnapped. The Clones were not ordered by the Republic, but by a single Jedi manipulated by Sith. By the time the Republic discovers the clone army, tensions have already reached a boiling point. They had no choice but to use this army that was dropped at their feet. The Clones were definitely given a raw deal. They were at least treated as people by the Jedi, though that wasn't mich consolation. The New Republic is so negligent there's no way it's clean. And the CIS? War criminals who sponsored slavery? They were dirty af, at least the leading members Edit: and besides, all of that is nothing when compared to the literal obliteration of a planet with billions of people on it. Just as evil? No chance
The Jedi have guarded the Republic since its inception. They are an integral part of the Republic.
I disagree, what Snoke does between Rey and Kylo is more impressive in my opinion.
Anakin dwarfed Obi-Wan in raw power, and still lost to him. Raw power has always been potential in Star Wars.
Snoke is a weird one. His force bond/skype creation is the most sustained and impressive use of the Force in the movies, and the fact that he was supposedly able to corrupt Kylo from a distance is crazy. But at the same time, Luke scares him enough that he dedicates so much time and effort to eliminate him. So it's tough to say.
Alien diversity definitely counts as an actual **portrayal** of diversity, unlike just having diverse casting. Star Wars humans are not racially or sexually divided. To tackle diversity in any form, aliens are necessary. It's touched on briefly in Phantom Menace.
I doubt there'd be a saltierthancrait equivalent. I feel like, as bad as TLJ was, it's the response from Lucasfilms that got us so pissed off that we're still going on about it a year later. Lucas wouldn't have done that.
THANK YOU! The Jedi are compassionate. Their detachment just means that they don't allow themselves to be dominated by emotion, not that they are heartless automatons.
None of what I said is false. The entire Sith species was highly force sensitive, and attracted to the dark side. Their culture was based on tribal warfare and near-constant violence. Pretty much every aspect of the Sith religion originates from the Sith species's culture. Later, non Sith reached Korriban and adopted their values. So, while not every Sith lord had to be of the Sith species, the Sith species itself was like the Sith order.
Did you read the fine print on that "migration" treaty? Sounds more like formalized sentient trafficking.
That's not Force power, it's Force sensitivity. Obi-Wan had way less midichlorians than Anakin and still beat him.
Yeah, Poe literally makes the right decision every time. And he's not even particularly hot headed. Ironically, it would have been easy to actually cast some real doubt on Poe's judgement without changing much about the movie at all. All they needed to do was to have Holdo tell Poe there was a plan that was on a need to know basis. Because in the movie, it seems obvious that Holdo is bullshitting given how insistent she is on not saying anything despite Poe literally begging her to. But that would have foiled what RJ was actually interested in, the **subverted expectations** once the plan is revealed and we;re supposed to change our mind on Holdo.
It wasn't bigger but it was still massive. The huge opening weekend shows that.
What? None of the Marvel TV shows are "core". You can watch the movies and be completely fine.
Lol. You have to be willfully ignorant to ignore how heavily Rey's past is teased in TFA &gt; So the question is would you care if there weren't litterally hundreds of articles and videos speculating on who Snoke is? Haven't read or watched a single one, still care. Or rather, cared.
Yes, but you're not describing a real situation here. Of course, if you offered a studio magical control over the time distribution of a box office run, they'd stack the opening to maximize returns. The studio doesn't control that though. All they can do is hype the fuck out of their movie to get the biggest opening possible. They still want legs after that, because that's still more money for them. TLJ was still a financial success, but it is still concerning that the legs were so bad. It also affects negotiations for following movie cuts. Movie chains will be less likely to roll over for Lucasfilms as much after TLJ and Solo.
Depends on what you consider a Sith. You're right that there were only a few Darths, who were the most powerful Sith under the Emperor. But below them were a bunch of Lords and then below them were just "regular" Sith. I consider all the above to be Sith, so in my eyes there were thousands of Sith. If you consider only those with the Darth title to be Sith, there were maybe a dozen, with thousands of Dark Jedi below them.
Yeah no. Even if migrants have a higher rate of assault per capita, the majority of assaults still come from natives.
I thought aquaman wasn't out yet?
Ah ok, makes sense.
Lucas Vázquez
Want another conundrum? Luke is so devoted to the protection of his family and of the galaxy that even just the possibility that they would be harmed causes him to almost strike down his own nephew. Then after said nephew actually walks down the path that leads to all the horrors Luke had foreseen, he removes himself from play entirely, giving the nephew free reign to kill his family and enslave the galaxy. It's mind-boggling how he just jumps from one extreme to the next. I can understand that such an event would cause him to change, but that much? And are we to believe that Luke makes one massive mistake, and then immediately another diametrically opposite one? Is Luke the dumbest and most worthless hero in fiction all of the sudden?
Yeah. I understand her being angry at Luke for being, at that point, such a lying and useless fuck, because I too was angry at him. But actually assaulting him from behind like that? Scummy move. *The notion* that a protagonist could act like that without it being portrayed negatively is ridiculous.
Exactly. Even if I completely stretch so that Luke's proposition of ending the Jedi isn't stupid, *the notion* that he wouldn't at least stop Snoke and Kylo first is downright ridiculous. It goes completely against the already flimsy justification for the Jedi ending, which is that the Jedi somehow keep creating the dark siders that fuck the galaxy up. Luke already created one, why would he let him run loose and train more before Force Suiciding himself? There's no coherent reasoning for TLJ. Whatever reasons justify a segment of the movie immediately contradict and invalidate the others.
Because we still like Star Wars, and the disappointment in TLJ is still relevant given that 9 is coming out. It's also a form of longing. I remember being excited for episodes 7 and 8 and for the first time it's just the opposite. Also, part of the reason why I personally can't "get over" TLJ is that it isn't really over. The person who wrote and directed the movie is slated to create an entire trilogy.
English is the largest ethnic group, it isn't reported that way because many Americans of English descent label themselves as native instead of English.
Brits and Americans both. The Anglosphere in general really.
To want to keep fighting from the colonies? No, and that did happen to an extent. But the main military force that was on the front against Germany was beaten.
OP, this isn't aimed at you specifically, but I'm really wondering how many times I'm gonna see this post by the end of the month. I've seen this exact post like 5 times already.
Star Wars has already been soft rebooted by TFA. An actual reboot will almost certainly never happen at the movie level, though I could see the EU reset again. Disagree about direction. Not a huge fan of the current path, hopefully they switch it up soon.
France has a bunch of military contracts lol. It's one of the world leaders in aerospace. &gt; i also don’t think gauging how a country’s products compete internationally is a bad way to gauge their economy. It is because you're doing it from a surface level consumer perspective based on what you currently know, which is extremely simplistic. If you're going to look things up, it would be a good way of gauging the economy.
I was never raised Christian. Never baptised, never went to Church.
That would be good. The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Nope, not in the formal Hutt space, but it is under near total Hutt control. Like an unofficial colony.
I don't think you understand what *soft* reboot is. A soft reboot is a non-total reset that lies in the same continuity. That's exactly what TFA is. It carries some elements forward while also resetting the story by bringing back the Imperial vs Rebel conflict. Note how I say an *actual* reboot is not likely to happen.
Lando getting married to anyone seems messed up. I don't care what gender he's romantically involved with though.
The way Chewbacca has been glossed over regarding ownership of the Falcon really grinds my gears.
Rey is a nobody in the mundane world, as the child of scrappers. But she's still a Chosen One (speaking of the trope, not the literal Star Wars prophecy). The Force picked her to be Kylo's opposite. Same as Anakin. The Skywalker name means nothing in the mundane world until the Force chooses to have his mother conceive the Chosen One. This is the embodiment of born, not raised.
Luke used the Force to amplify his existing skills at first, he didn't run around mind tricking people. The first time we see Luke use actual Force powers is in ESB, 3 years after his intro via Obi-Wan.
At least the OT ultimately all stemmed from George's mind in its broad strokes.
Lol you're being willingly obtuse. At the begin of ESB Luke isn't the best, he struggles with Force pull. But you're right, it is completely unrealistic for someone to get moderately proficient at archery with 3 years of self-instruction. It's much more plausible to be performimg trick shots two hours after you hold a bow for the first time.
That's what people said about Justice League, and until Solo, the idea of a Star Wars flop was ridiculed. But I agree that I strongly doubt it will outright flop, though I would not be surprised if it underperformed.
Yes, there are different levels of natural ability, but Rey is far beyond any previous example. Luke took much more time and practice to do what Rey does automatically. Anakin went through long training as well. Force use is supposed to be a spiritual and physical pursuit reminiscent of eastern martial arts, not a superpower you just have and can use.
That's all enhancement of reflexes and piloting. Enhancement of pre-existing skills. That is indeed innate. Actual use of the Force for advanced telekinesis and especially mind control was never innate until Rey. It takes Luke long to reach that point. That's the big difference.
Star Wars was a money printing machine when they acquired it. It took them 4 movies to turn the surest thing in cinema into a historic flop. Yeah, they've grossed a lot. They could be grossing more and for longer had they not been stupid about it.
Yeah, it probably didn't have enough ANH rehash in it for the JJ's taste.
There was no plan. RJ, Mark Hamill, and others have said things that indicate this.
They are arbitrary when the a person who wrote a single draft at the very beginning of the process based off of a Lucas treatment gets a screenwriting credit but Lucas himself doesn't despite writing multiple and introducing the major elements the movie is remembered for, like the Vader twist. &gt; Lucas hired science fiction author Leigh Brackett to write Star Wars II with him.[27] They held story conferences and, by late November 1977, Lucas had produced a handwritten treatment called The Empire Strikes Back. The treatment is similar to the final film, except that Darth Vader does not reveal he is Luke's father. In the first draft that Brackett would write from this, Luke's father appears as a ghost to instruct Luke. &gt; Brackett finished her first draft in early 1978; Lucas has said he was disappointed with it, but before he could discuss it with her, she died of cancer.[29] With no writer available, Lucas had to write his next draft himself. It was this draft in which Lucas first made use of the "Episode" numbering for the films; The Empire Strikes Back was distinguished Episode II.[30] His disappointment with the first draft probably made Lucas consider different directions in which to take the story.[31] He made use of a new plot twist: Darth Vader claims to be Luke's father. According to Lucas, he found this draft enjoyable to write, as opposed to the yearlong struggles writing the first film, and quickly wrote two more drafts,[32] all in April 1978.[33] &gt; This plot twist of Vader being Luke's father had drastic effects on the series, which would include the audience's interpretation of the original film.[34] Lucas outlined a new backstory: Anakin Skywalker had been Ben Kenobi's brilliant student, and had a child named Luke, but was swayed to the dark side by the Emperor (who was really a Sith Lord). Anakin battled Ben Kenobi on the site of a volcano and was horribly wounded, but was resurrected as Darth Vader. Meanwhile, Kenobi hid Luke on Tatooine while the Republic became the Empire and Vader systematically hunted down the Jedi.[35] &gt; With this new backstory in place, Lucas decided that The Empire Strikes Back would be the second film of two trilogies, designating it Episode V by the fifth draft.[32][36] Lawrence Kasdan had just completed writing Raiders of the Lost Ark, and the screenplay impressed Lucas,[37] who hired him to write the next drafts with additional input from director Irvin Kershner
Even I'm shocked. I know opinion has been shifting recently on /r/StarWars , but this is crazy. Every top comment and all the big replies are at best neutral, with most outwardly negative. And this is the place where people are supposed to be the most supportive! I think this movie is going to severely underperform.
I'm not qualified to predict anything, but my completely wild guess is that it will make less than TLJ but more than a billion. Which is bad, since the final chapter should be closer to TFA than to TLJ. And yeah, nothing to look forward to. I've even seen people who explicitly enjoyed TLJ say it felt like a conclusion.
I'm sure the space whale sets are selling like hot cakes.
I might on the 3rd or 4th weekend if the reactions of people I trust are positive and the plot summary is good.
The number of scumbags and war criminals who have been whitewashed in the last 2 years just because they are outspoken against Trump is disgusting.
Raging fucking narcissists.
"Knock and enter" meaning "knock and wait for an answer" or "knock and immediately enter"?
It was definitely that one. That was one of the worst times ever for Tottenham and the mods wanted to prevent non-fans from trolling them. It has been all positive since then though.
&gt; He recognizes that the Force isn’t the Jedi’s tool, but rather the Jedi are tools of the Force. All the Jedi recognize this. This is a core Jedi teaching. Sith believe the Force is a tool.
1) The Jedi are not stoic. They all outwardly display emotion and affection. They just learn to be able to let go. That isn't unhealthy. They have no idea how to teach this to people who already have strong attachments, which is why they ended up repressing Anakin. That was abusive, but it was also an exception 2) The Jedi weren't responsible for the clones. A single Jedi ordered them in a rogue action, and the clones belonged to the Republic. They would have fought whether or not the Jedi led them. What the Jedi did do was actually value the clones as living beings, doing their utmost to protect them and encourage their individuality when the Republic itself saw them as no more than meat shields.
Don't see how. Snoke created a 2 way connection between Rey and Kylo that allowed for physical crossover, without it killing him, and robust enough to survive his actual death. Luke created a one way projection that ended up leading to his death. The dice survived a little while but faded away quickly.
It's fucking crazy. Ultimately, having Luke fall wasn't too big of an issue for me, but killing him right after he comes to his senses? Why? Why does everything have to be that shitty?
That, and also the fact that the very act of fan speculation has been viciously mocked by the media and Lucasfilms. That doesn't create a good environment for theorizing.
The campaign is short but fun. It even has minor stealth elements, which differentiates the gameplay from typical battlefront.
Do you genuinely believe this is even close to a good argument?
Lol. The French did not, in any way, adopt whatever the "anglo saxon gov" is supposed to be. France exported feudalism to England in the 11th century, kept its monarchy for another 7 centuries, completely overthrew the nobility, and developped a specifically Republican Civil code that was then spread throughout western continental Europe by the Napoleonic conquests.
The problem with ASoIaF is that this is not communicated well at all. A large portion of readers actually believe that there are no good or evil characters in the series, only "shades of gray". And I definitely disagree about "Team X" and "Team Y". Stannis fanatics definitely play into this, even though Stannis himself is a hypocrite who was ready to painfully murder his own child nephew for power while acting like he's acting out of duty.
Yeah, it's not impossible for kids to say stuff that can be insightful. But this story does sound like bullshit. It's at least very heavily misquoted.
&gt; I also think it’s naive to think Bob Iger is all “could you please alienate half the fanbase? Good thing no one here said this. I don't think this was the goal of anyone but Rian Johnson, who for some reasons considers controversy to be the hallmark of quality. He got hired because he was a successful indie director. If Iger and Kennedy knew about this interview, they probably thought what you do now.
Egoshoppe MVP
What I'm saying is really not that complicated. I'm saying Rian has an underlying edgy philosophy when it comes to moviemaking, and that Kennedy and Iger probably liked the movie as it was, and misjudged the backlash or how big it would be. I don't know why you insist on performing olympic level mental gymnastics to discredit the use of an interview of Rian Johnson saying he wants his movies to be divisive as evidence that TLJ was purposefully divisive.
Lots of the Caribbean is like this. It facilitates touristic spending.
&gt; You’re working on the assumption that he intended to alienate a large potion of the audience based on comments regarding his indie days and also his notion of challenging viewers More like I'm using a direct quote from Rian Johnson where he states that he wants his movies to have X property as evidence that TLJ having X property is purposeful. X property, in this case, being "ultra polarized reception, adored by many and abhorred by many others". It's ultra-straightforward, and relies on very little assumptions. Your reasoning is based on the assumption that, because the quote was made 14 years ago before Rian Johnson worked for a major studio, it is worthless because he almost certainly changed his view. That's a major assumption. &gt; Look it, you hate Rian. This whole sub is going a 1+ year strong with shitting on one film and that takes a level of hate I’ll never understand. I probably shouldn’t be here just because I have minor quibbles with some of these films. I don’t have full on hate and can’t be bothered dredging up old quotes. Y’all are tenacious. I get loving Star Wars. Empire was my first theater experience. I’ll go back to /r/StarWars then Do whatever you want. You don't have to have a 24/7 hate boner to participate here. But don't expect not to receive pushback when you start doing mental gymnastics to defend the director. &gt; Edit: also, I’m being downvoted like crazy yet another comment here that simply says that Rian looks like a nerd is being upvoted. Classy discourse in these parts. Have fun in the echo chamber This place is an echo-chamber most of the time, and the opinions sometimes do cross over into childish territory, which is unfortunate. With that said, you're being downvoted because what you're commenting is willingly obtuse and makes little sense. Go find an echo chamber that suits you better if downvotes affect you so much.
"Why the hell isn't anyone talking about The Last Jedi for Best Picture" LOL
Yeah, the Donnie Yen casting has me really ambivalent. On the one hand, his character made perfect sense for Rogue One and was a great concept. On the other hand, he would have a been a perfect instructor in Luke's Jedi academy had Lucasfilms not given up on actually continuing the story.
What? Did they do that for the Chinese release?
&gt; What I really hope for in the show is a complete lack of Jedi or lightsabers. You want what you want, but given how little of this we've seen under Disney, I can't understand this sentiment. The ST has brought back the ultra scarcity of force users that the OT had, both of the Anthology films have been completely free of them bar a single scene in each (and more of a cameo in Solo, really), and the Cassian show will almost certainly not have any. If the Mandalorian has none, there will have been almost only non-jedi stuff. We'll have seen the "seedy underbelly" from multiple angles, and had only a few Force users in the saga films. I think the Force is what makes Star Wars special, they need to produce some Jedi content at some point.
That's exactly my feeling too. I want it out of the way so hopefully more interesting stuff gets made.
They have a victim complex for any other party existing. The very existence of left wing parties drives them nuts, and admission you didn't vote for one of their candidates will get you abuse.
Completely right, since the previous Lingua Franca was French up until the early 20th century.
Because I don't care that much about cheesy acting and dialogue, which is the main issue with that movie. TLJ is just awful, storywise and thematically.
I likely won't be seeing episode 9, but I appreciate the sentiment. I'm glad not everyone was as bummed out by the movie as I was.
The Prequels are much more fun when they are allowed to have a surprising ending instead of being casually spoiled by Episode 4 exposition.
I actually did the exact thing she did a couple months ago. The idea of being shot hadn't crossed my mind. Reading this story makes me even more uncomfortable than typical police shooting stories.
Police in most countries always have guns. It's the behavior that's extremely odd.
The last movie the dead actress will ever take part in will be episode 9, where they Frankenstein-stitch old footage of her from an entirely different movie together. How can anyone consider this to have been the more respectful option?
It's ironic that you would pick that example because serving in the Foreign Legion gives you French citizenship.
I think they cared more about Rian Johnson's movie being intact than keeping her scenes, given the treatment she's getting for 9.
This might be the dumbest and most one-sided argument I've seen in a while. You're utterly fixated on the fact that the hyperspace ram would cause the loss of a **single** cruiser and how the Rebels can't afford to lose that much because of how many more ships the Empire has. Then, you say that they should stick to traditional confrontation, which causes them to lose **multiple** cruisers. "Multiple" is greater than "singular", yes? In the interest of preserving their limited resources, the rebels would rather lose a **single ship**, correct? Jesus, this is not complicated.
R2 apparently downloaded it from the archives of the Death Star.
Lol. They advocate violence against fascists, which is warranted given the fact the fascism is inherently violent. They don't advocate violence against the vast majority of people that are not as extreme.
The way the democrat party has started jerking itself off about patriotism since 2016 is so pathetic
Neonazis "peacefully protesting" means neonazis advocating for the ethnic cleansing of members of the community. It's an attempt to intimidate and increase visibility to recruit more members. That warrants active opposition, which often escalates to violence.
Drinking attitudes and cultures are more important than pure volume in this case. Drinking wine every night with dinner and getting some drinks with friends can result in more volume drank than getting shitfaced once a week. In the states for example, binge drinking culture is different from places like France
Your center right party has been going after pornography pretty hard. Might not be as puritan as the US, but much more than in most of continental western Europe
Smh Bernie this is clearly why the campaign has to unionize.
Account named "Debbie-Wasserman Schultz for president" posts stupid comment in opposition to Bernie Sanders. What a shock! Why didn't Warren endorse Sanders doing the primaries last cycle when she wasn't even running?
None of this involves a plan of any kind. This article title and comment section are laughable.
Glad she put political concerns over her progressive beliefs. Inspires lots of faith
Neera I applaud your service. Thank you for standing up for pragmatism.
Seriously, Gaetz may never recover from this gruesome attack. Thoughts and prayers.
&gt; How dare he help out the LGBTQ people in Ohio Biden was at a fundraising dinner for the HRC, which is controversial as fuck given the number of cases where they endorsed candidates that were worse allies to the queer community than their opponents. Biden is gunning for a political endorsement he doesn't deserve.
This is HAUNTING footage. Shows how violent and depraved the left has become. Thoughts and Prayers.
Their odd beliefs are fueled by their own delusions, not by random milkshakes. What this does is embarrass the shit out of them. If there's one thing the far right really hates, it's being humiliated. As long as this doesn't turn physically harmful, I hope it keeps up.
Only one game? That's legitimately unbelievable.
Reddit's response to any and all issues in a relationship
Christian Anarchism is a thing as well.
&gt; Better to be atheist I used to believe that until popular atheists introduced me to anti-feminism in my teens and put me on a path to the far right. Had I not gotten off the atheist-to-chud pipeline, I might be hanging out on the_donald right now. Atheism as a movement seems to suffer from the same kind of cognitive dissonance that many religions do. On the one hand, it's a position held by mostly leftists, on the other, those that embrace atheism as a significant part of their identity seem to drift towards reactionary right-wing positions. From Hitchens to youtubers like TheAmazingAtheist, they start off very left, some even socialist, but over time start to push right wing shit: Islamophobia, anti-feminism, anti-SJW, etc. But they don't forsake their leftwing views either, remaining anti-capital and the like. That leads to really confusing shit. I'm not saying it's worse than general Christianity, but I personally feel like being a hardcore atheist is worse than being a chill Christian who doesn't put much stock in denominations and just wants a "personal relationship with God", all other factors equal.
No, normal way of saying I don't support the US playing god and fucking the world up. The US don't give a single fuck about the Venezuelan people, there is no guarantee of better outcomes for them as a result. History shows that with the death squads they've funded and armed over and over again. So spare me your stupid condescension. &gt; USA has done the same thing as Canada, France, and 20+ other countries. Wow, it's almost like the 1st world is a bloc of aligned nations, all of which are settler states or former colonizers, and they tend to follow the US diplomatically, so much so that the refusal of one (France) to fight in their war caused a major diplomatic incident.
Holy shit &gt; Because we both know you’re just being too bipartisan to admit the trump administration did something good. Amazing sentence. I'm too non-partisan to give credit to the other party. More pearls of wisdom from you please. &gt; Also, you do realize that a lot of Latin/South American (12+) countries have shown support to Venezuela the same way the USA has done, right? What happened to that whole 1st world rant? Almost like the US has [forcibly aligned Western Hemisphere countries to themselves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_involvement_in_regime_change_in_Latin_America) for over a century. &gt; USA supporting Venezuela’s constitution and trying to make sure a republic country like Venezuela doesn’t turn into a fascist one is bad? Remember that time the US tried to do the same in Chile? Oh wait, no, [they actually overthrew a democratically elected government to help install a fascist dictator who then committed mass killings of his people.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_intervention_in_Chile#1973_coup) Oops. Or that time [they backed the death squads of a fascist government that killed about a million people.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesian_mass_killings_of_1965%E2%80%9366#Foreign_involvement) Also, "fascist" is a word that means something. Venezuela can turn authoritarian under Maduro, but it won't be fascist. That's literally the opposite of what he is. &gt; What a horrible way to live your life if that’s your mindset. I find it far more horrible to uncritically back the imperialism of your country and get selectively outraged at foreign governments based on the prevailing media narrative. &gt; We both know the real reason you’re supporting Maduro. You don't even know what "fascist" and "bipartisan" mean, so no, you clearly don't know my reasoning. And again, I don't back Maduro, I back letting Venezuela sort itself out. If I trusted the US on this, which I would if it didn't have the evil record it does on foreign intervention, then I'd be fine with ousting Maduro.
Don't waste your time with them, they are completely unable to grasp what you're saying, they're far too deep in the "we're the good guys" mindset.
&gt; It's not atheism as a movement. It's leftism as a movement. Yeah, if you assume the atheists are leftists, you bypass all the problematic elements of atheism in general. I could say the same about leftist Christians. The point is that being atheist isn't a requirement to be a leftist, as Christian anarchists and the more extreme adherents of liberation theology show. Religion has obviously been used throughout history to repress people. That's why separation of church and state and combating fundamentalism are important. That doesn't mean there's no place for religious belief in a leftist world. You're ignoring the huge problems with atheism today. How it's most popular figures influence a bunch of disenfranchised young people to turn their skepticism towards feminist and other social movements, how they advocate "freeze peach", and how reactionary they tend to be to any minority in general. And atheism can and often is technocratic as fuck. There's a reason why there's so many libertarian atheists. There's nothing wrong with being a leftist atheist, but it is not a requirement.
A muslim or christian marxist is no less a leftist than an atheist one. They already reject the conservative elements of their beliefs. Who cares whether they have spiritual beliefs beyond that.
Innocent until proven guilty is a courtroom concept, it doesn't have to be applied outside of court.
If all third party voters in 2016 were forced to cast a vote for one of the two parties, Trump would still win, because there are several times more libertarian vote than green ones each election cycle. The third party blaming is a complete distraction that has literally no merit.
That's after he already alienated millenials and zoomers with his "no empathy" shit. Good luck getting women in their 20s and 30s enthusiastic with Biden.
You're missing the most important thing, which that there's a D next to his name on the ballot /s
We all got fascism, because the democrats think they're entitled to people's votes and can shame them into supporting them instead of doing what politicians are supposed to do, which is appealing to people.
Yeah we gotta make sure the dem candidate is as appealing to republicans as possible so we can further depress democratic turnout.
&gt; "Hillary Clinton annoyed me so I had to vote for the orange moron. That's not remotely what I said. Have you ever considered that you might be the unbelievably stupid one?
It's amazing how you somehow think that at all makes what he said any less condescending and alienating. Also amazing that Biden talks aboug his generation pushing for civil rights while he was cozying up to segregationists and voting against abortion rights
Go fuck yourself Joe McCarthy. Biden is a shitty candidate.
Establishment stooges are trying to stigmatize dissent within the democratic party, so yeah, that is what they want you to do.
If Biden wins the primary, I'm not voting for him. Simple. He doesn't represent any of my values and has promoted abhorrent ones that have caused pain and grief to millions of Americans. No party is entitled to my vote. I'll vote blue in the other races to oppose Trump, but Biden can go to hell. Try shaming me into it, I'm sure it'll work.
Yup, climate change will wait, and the radicalized masses that support Trump will totally disappear over-night if Trump is defeated and totally won't elect Mussolini Junior in 2024, thanks for the great analysis
Fuck the DNC. The democratic establishment needs to be kicked out. We won't get meaningful progress until then, just lesser of two evils bullshit, holding the country hostage using the republican shitshow as leverage.
Thanks for the shitty advice but I'll pass
It's what Rep Paul Gosar's mother should have done when she realized what a piece of shit she raised.
Lol. The French don't take the government's bullshit sitting down
How would endorsing a primary candidate be playing kingmaker? It's a super common thing to do.
Seriously, people acting like Bernie is bad at selling his plans is beyond ridiculous. Half his policy positions would be considered political suicide 10 years ago. He single-handedly shifted the fundraising standard to grassroots only (except for Biden, who seem to unsurprisingly not give a fuck)
Sanders was the one to drag these issues in the political mainstream 4 years ago.
The blood sacrifices give us bountiful crops they do.
That's good! It's really tough at first, but it actually works after some time!
I know girls who had lots of sex in high school but not after. Not that it's a huge deal either way tbh. High school is a weird time for lots of people, full of influences people often regret later. It's not worth dwelling on
Incels aren't horrible people because they don't have sex, they're horrible because they turn all their frustration into pure misogyny
Actions speak much louder than words. Warren has consistently voted for military budget increases and has connections to Raytheon.
It's not a joke. Literally all the "humor" it has derives off of being inappropriate. It's 100% shock value. It's basically the same thing as a toddler yelling "poopypants!". That's Crowder's comedy.
"Moderates" are enablers. They don't get a pass.
You're right. I wasn't being very fair to Crowder. The joke is 5% reference 95% shit toddler humor
Probably because of how whitewashed Bush has become. I've seen people express Bush nostalgia over Trump. A bunch of ex-Bush people seem to have suddenly been redeemed because they are nevertrumpers.
["she’s left herself an out for the general election, writing in her email to supporters that if she becomes the nominee, she’ll 'do what is necessary' to match Republicans financially."](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2019/03/elizabeth-warren-rejects-big-donor-events-2020-bid/583951/) If she's just postponing her being beholden to corporate donors, then her grassroots-only fundraising in the primaries is little more than a gimmick. It's worrying that she hasn't closed the door to dark money entirely.
On military spending? Yeah. You're not gonna tell me you actually think increased military spending is good, right? What's next? Are you gonna claim the Iraq war was about defending American liberty?
They're also the place where lots of young people who have had their brains rotted through years of pledging allegiance and other stupid shit get to actually learn about the world and evolve. The me who graduated high school had disgusting views, while the me who graduated college is an emotionally ruined wreck but who has decent takes. More seriously, another dude at my high school was a libertarian when I met him, a liberal when I left for college, and is a straight Marxist now who lends me books so I can read theory. The number of my friends who were radicalized through their college years is honestly astounding to me, especially since most of us went to very different schools (Ivy, Southern Ivy, or top public schools) Now there's obviously lots of chuds there too, but I honestly can't think of anyone who left college significantly worse than they entered it, but plenty of the opposite.
This is exactly it, don't tolerate that bullshit.
"How many more Latin Americans do we need to murder before you realize socialism doesn't work?"
&gt; If you're repulsed by getting drug dealers to stop preying upon minority communities, that's on you. This might be the whitest comment I've ever read. Good lord. Yeah, the war on drugs has been a real boon to minority communities alright. Every comment of yours I see is breathtakingly out-of-touch or just plain stupid as fuck. If your account wasn't as old as it was I could at least have the relief of knowing you were a paid shill.
The boomer energy is overwhelming with this one.
This would be funnier if it said "white people" instead of Americans.
You realize the only people in America who shoot up schools are white, right? Also, it's funnier because of how much it would piss off the reverse racism crowd
Like that time Benny Boy was being interviewed by a neocon and the slightest hint that the interviewer was to the left of him caused him to throw a fit and cut the interview.
What?
People think it's normal. The idea of European healthcare is literally fanciful to lots of people here. They think it's propaganda.
And making a clear point obviously isn't yours. Not all uses of figurative language are born equal.
&gt;As an aside, why that logic doesn't follow its logical conclusion and get people on board with national health care, I have no idea. Which is why you should be extremely wary of any political candidate that advocates for a "path to M4A" or "starting by introducing a public option". Smaller coverage base would significantly weaken it and allow insurance companies to lobby against it until the Rs scrap it. We need to implement universal single payer completely.
&gt; Sanders on the other hand hasn’t said what he’d do, which is a tacit admission that his position is probably identical to Warren’s. Might be one of the most disingenuous things I've seen on this site, Jesus. Bernie is anti-big money in general. He's never put any conditions on it, unlike Warren.
"Russians are meddling in our election because they are subhuman scum.", reddit libs in the thick of election coverage a year from now.
Sanders has completely sworn of corporate money. Period. No qualifiers, no conditions. Warren has specifically said she isn't committed to it for the general. Bernie doesn't need to specify when he will take corporate money, because he said he won't. Nice projection and mental gymnastics though.
Which always confused the fuck out of me. Like wouldn't it be shorter and far more strategic to just ship it straight south from Sweden?
Promises are just that. Given her past of acting contrary to her promise, I'd like an explanation.
I'm speaking about this issue specifically. She's voted to increase military funding and is in good standing with Raytheon. So any promise to do away with commercial interests in the military rings hollow.
&gt; past relationship with Raytheon and her military spending votes
That one had me up all night. I was too angry to fall asleep after that. Cops can literally just kill you for fucking up at Simon Says.
I appreciate the suggestion, but I've had CS Lewis texts recommended to.me in the past and it seemed very conservative, and, to someone like me, almost confrontational if that makes sense. Is this one different?
Women do see most of those. A lot of them are a byproduct of male supremacy, which they fight to end. &gt;I'm just tired of being called a rapist or an opresser, just because I have a penis instead of a vagina Yeah that's the vibe I get from you too. It's not appropriate to call you a rapist, but by you voicing opposition to feminism, even if you claim to still value equal rights, you are supporting the status quo and are therefore reinforcing oppression. I get that it isn't a pleasant thought, I don't enjoy it either, but putting your own mental comfort over social progress is selfish.
Yeah that's totally what I said. 10/10 comprehension. Dunno why the concept of being suspicious of someone promising to do the opposite of what they've always done on an issue is so confusing to you.
High school and middle school can be toxic as fuck for girls. For guys too, but not quite to the same extent
You didn't ask for what was better or worse, you asked for what was more left. &gt; In M4A, are we talking the entire abolition of private insurance? Because if that's the case, Medicare will either need to expand significantly (covering cosmetics, dental surgeries, etc), or it will have to allow for private insurance Cosmetics and dental are typically considered apart from general medical coverage, even in countries with socialist systems. Those areas typically need supplementary private coverage. So what I mean by a fully public universal healthcare, I'm not talking about dental and the like. When I'm talking about other plans being hybrid systems, I mean that they often want to preserve current private insurance as we have it but with additional consumer protections and introduce a public option for those who aren't covered. And since M4A is so popular this is often presented as a first step.
It's worse than that, he'll "compromise", which means he'll pass Republican legislation (remember the ACA is literally the a right-wing think tank plan), get demonized for it by the right anyway, and allow the Republicans to effortlessly slide even further right than they are in contrast.
They're completely falling for the titles that get posted on here about Warren.
Watch out for those advocating for a "Path to M4A, starting with a public option". They will try to get the healthcare votes while protecting the insurance companies.
&gt; as an end goal That's the problem. No fucking end goal bullshit. No half-measures. Ram that shit through however you can, don't give private insurance years to lobby against your gradual steps.
Yes, 100% Fuck fuck vote blue no matter who. It allows the establishment to pull out all the stops to push their policies, no matter how unpopular, no matter how destructive. Trump is not an aberration, he's a consequence of this country's slide to the right. It will not end with a Trump loss in this election. I will not vote for Biden. Ever. I will go to the polls, vote blue in the other races, and vote third party if he's the candidate. I'll show I'm an engaged voter whose vote is there for the taking. And maybe the Democrats will finally fucking blame their shitty lesser evil candidates instead of feeling entitled to everyone's vote no matter how much they sell out to the right.
Yeah super funny what a joke the democratic party is as a whole that they would make him the frontrunner
She was a shit candidate, you just fell for domestic corporate propaganda.
&gt; Your adolescent pride is not worth another Trump admin. Oh no, you totally convinced me!!! I will not stay home if Biden is the nominee. I will go vote blue in the other races, and then either vote green or write someone in for president. I won't support the democrats' endless ratcheting to the right, nor their attempt to hold us hostage against our class interests with the threat of the Republicans that they consistently enable.
Lesser of two evils has been the line in every election in recent memory (besides 08, but Obama ended up being a corporatist through and through anyway), and will be in the future as well. Trump is not an aberration, he's just extra fucking rude and transparent about his corruption. Lesser of the two evils is how we get to this point, it's a self-perpetuating voting policy (almost like there's a class of rich people who benefit from this arrangement 🤔 ). Stop falling for it. Demand better. Stop this fucking slide to hell we're on, where the best we can hope for is small breaks when the Bidenses of the world win. Stop enabling the corporate democrats. Run left, help people for real, give them the fucking quality of life guaranteed by social programs that Europeans in comparatively poorer countries, and you will beat the Trumps EVERY TIME. Half this country doesn't fucking vote, they don't care which letter sits next to the president's name, or how much they respect decorum. They want a government that represents them, show them that and the Democrats will never lose again, at least not until the Republicans rework their approach. For fuck's sake.
&gt; Your post sounds exactly like the type of divisive shit that russian intelligence spewed onto US websites in 2016 Centrist dems literally cost us 2016, but you're so busy lapping up the corporate propaganda spewed by the outlets ***owned by the companies that sponsor centrist dems*** that you do nothing about it. You think you're an informed voter, when in truth you're a useful idiot who voluntarily defends the interests of the richest Americans. Russian propaganda sure did a lot of damage boosting Trump in 2016, but its real fucking deathblow is how successful it's been used as an excuse for the establishment's systemic failures. You're a bigger dope than you could possibly imagine.
&gt; Domestic corporate propaganda? What the fuck is confusing about this? Do you think propaganda is only a foreign thing? Do you not realize that the corporations that fund the Republican party and Democratic establishment also own the news networks? &gt; Takes more work, but at least you don't get tricked into sabotaging yourself. You've literally fallen for the charade that is US politics, which repeatedly pits a far right candidate against a center right one, and you consistently vote against your own class interests (assuming you're not wealthy). In Biden vs Trump, Hillary vs Trump, Obama vs Romney, you know who wins every time, without fail? The rich, who fund them. Obama was the furthest left of all of them and the first thing he did after the worst crash in a 100 years was have Wall Street pick his cabinet.
Any person that has the courage to declare 'Orange man bad' is part of the Resistance
For every Stein voter there were 3 Johnson ones. This 3rd party blaming is literally nonsensical.
Trump came to be because election after election we're told to settle for the lesser of two evils, and as a result we get this slide to the right that makes pigs like Trump viable. Centrists inaction in the face of injustice is what gives the far right the desperate people it needs to thrive. So I repeat again, if you care about the people of this country and can think longer term than just the next year and a half, you won't tolerate a shit candidate like Biden. Show the establishment dems that if they want to win, they need to represent people. Give Bernie or Warren the chance to implement their policies and Republican won't be able to touch them once the people see the benefits they receive
Warren has been astroturfed to fucking hell on reddit and it works.
Voters are influenced enormously by the media, and the media is owned by the corporations that support the democratic establishment financially.
&gt;How in the hell do you equate Biden's milquetoast centrism with Trump's proto-fascist lunacy? Because the former enables the latter. &gt;One will be ineffectual and Clinton-esque, Which furthers inequality, causes the people to grow more desperate about their future, and makes them ripe for fascist indoctrination. Vote for biden and you're voting for a worse trump in 24. Which, in turn, gives the establishment license to put another centrist challenger in 28 because they can rely on their lesser evil voters. We need to stop the ratcheting to the right, but we can't if the democrats keep putting up centrist garbage like Biden or the Clintons. We're up against the majority of the political establishment and against the media who support them, if we the voters play ball then there's no hope that things will ever improve.
I didn't say you were voting for Biden in the primary.
Well that's good to hear, but plenty of people have dismissed the DNC leaks and openly say they didn't reveal anything wrong.
"I don't realize that powerful special interests influence elections through media manipulation and disenfranchisement"
"I actually, genuinely believe a 3rd way Democrat is a 1000 better than Trump, when instead they're just the prettier side of the same coin the coin use to fuck us all election after election, and I continuously enable this state of affairs by refusing to hold my party to account." Here's a bonus I wish crossed your mind: "I wonder why, in America, the establishment of the leftmost party in America can get away with not supporting the basic social protection poorer European countries have successfully had for decades. Maybe my uncritical support of my party allows them to be so shit 😕"
Imperialistic? It's about defending your homeland from foreign invaders who want to install a tyrannical government. In context, it's about defending the newly-born revolutionary Republic from the coalition of monarchies who wanted to destroy it and reinstate the kings of France.
They even went to get Roof some Burger King.
Definitely abuse. I think the distinction you're trying to make is that it isn't done maliciously by your mom.
Stop declaring unyielding devotion to your political party every election for the sake of a lesser evil's mentality, thereby giving the parties an actual incentive to legislate in the people's interests if they want to receive votes
It took her academic research in her 40s to realize that the Republican party is batshit crazy? This is not the positive you think it is
wOnK
The point being that she isn't fully dedicated to rejecting corporate money if she is keeping the option open. That's not good enough
&gt;Not everything is a conspiracy theory. Not every conspiracy theory is wack either. Corporate owned media influencing election coverage to help corporate-backed politicians is obvious.
Contribute to their campaigns directly, sign up on the justice democrats website to get news.
Are you talking about the Masquerade game?
You just shattered my reality.
They want a D to be back in the White House who will say a bunch of empty words about tolerance while migrants are locked up so they can go back to ignoring it. I'm in disbelief at this thread. It's the ultimate proof of how similar centrist democrats are to republicans, yet criticism seems to only go one way.
These people blame voters but never politicians. It's beyond ridiculous, complete bootlicker behavior. Say it with me everyone: ***You can't shame people into voting. It doesn't fucking work. You get people to the polls by convincing them you will actively make things better***
This is it, right here. The actual left in this country has surrendered to corporate interests for years. This is why we have so much apathy.
A bunch of gang members abusing our population.
Given how many cops are domestic abusers, they'd probably like seeing that happen to their wife.
That's why corporate fucks like Biden will do everything in their power to prevent the progressive wing of their party from rising, but will bend over fucking backwards to "compromise" with the Republicans. This is the reality. If we want to do more than stall against the Trumps of the world, we need to elect leftists to positions of power in this country.
Yup, Clinton and most "moderate" democrats since have done nothing but hurt the working class, they just aren't as bad as the Republicans so they use that to create the illusion that they're good. It's why the US is so far behind literally every western nation as far as social protections go. Don't tolerate the centrist bullshit.
&gt; Whatever quarrels you have with Biden, he's still infinitely better than the scum of the Republican party. Yeah no, he's better, but he's not infinitely better. If you looked at his record alone, you'd probably think he was a Republican. Even today, with pieces of garbage like Mitch the turtle in charge of the Republicans, Biden can't shut up about how good they actually are and about how he'll work with them. So yeah, I'd rather vote for Biden than Trump, just like I'd rather eat a dry turd with rainbow sprinkles on it than a wet smelly turd. But plenty of people will just outright refuse either. Enough people are sick of not being represented and of choosing between bad and worse, and they won't vote. Call them idiots all you want, that's a fact, and their grievances aren't baseless. We need someone who can energize the usually apathetic voters, and that will be a progressive.
It's not undecided voters, it's apathetic ones.
Nah, it's a pretty clear representation of who's interests Biden really represents.
&gt; the guy who is literally the worst president of all time. This is literally one of the worst takes I've ever seen. The only thing Trump is arguably the worst on is personal conduct. His destructive policies are beyond dwarfed by the crimes committed by past presidents. This take is either not thought through, or indicative of you caring more about the appearance of the presidency than about the shit presidents actually do. Edit: since so many seem to have forgotten the kind of shit presidents have done: Lied to get us to go to war, Trail of Tears, etc...
Reminds me of how Ben Shapiro unironically credits "the West" with ending Nazism.
Not a rad-christian here, but someone exploring. Didn't Jesus once tell his disciples that they knew him before they'd ever met him or something? As in, when they helped the poor and the orphan? Seems to me that something like UR must exist, or at least explicit faith in Christian doctrine can't be a requirement for salvation. If so, then the only people going to heaven are white people and those in some countries that were colonized. Billions in Asia are born, live, and die on the expressway to eternal pain and damnation. Colonialism suddenly is not only no longer an evil, but one of the best things a country can do. Cultural genocide becomes a kindness. Not to mention all those who lived and died before Christ was teaching.
Everyone has a conscience! The key is to silence it by dehumanizing the fuck out of others as enemies constantly out to get you.
This is the one thing president Biden will fight for.
But you don't understand, she's been in Congress so long without ever needing to worry about checking in with the electorate because she never faces real election challenges that her experience makes her opinion on this factual.
Because she's Palestinian? Duh
"I'm making it home tonight, no matter what"
Yup seems that way. Bootlickers gonna bootlick.
I thought for sure it was MIT.
There were some real enlightened centrist takes at the time.
He would've been fine had he not tweeted out his rant, now he's made national news and any college that accepts him will be scrutinized.
Southern Italians literally have more in common genetically and culturally with Tunisians than with Norwegians. This idea that there's a "white people" to be displaced in the first place is dumb as fuck.
So? Trump-like politicians won't go away if Trump loses an election. Biden's shittiness is bound to give them all a boost even if he wins.
&gt; Biden is a relic from back in the day when the people who said "both parties are the same" weren't all that far off. That's not the past. Biden and his ilk still dominate the Democratic party. There's been some movement against it in the last few years, but not nearly enough.
Nah
God the fucking McCartyism is out of control lmao.
Lol, Clinton went after welfare programs. If you think the Democrats haven't been the good cop to the R's bad, you haven't been paying attention.
Bush is a tax-cutting war criminal. There being little difference between him and a moderate democrat is exactly the problem.
&gt; "Let me be your little piggy. Just piss on me, beat me, i don't fucking care" ~~Biden~~ **the /r/politics liberals** said ~~on Tuesday~~ **all the time** FTFY
This is literally ridiculous. Chuck Todd just chastised AOC for using the correct terminology regarding these camps. Where the fuck are we at when a major journalist from a supposedly left outlet is smearing one of our best Reps?
Chuck Todd just outright called her wrong and agreed with his guests who called her ignorant. The media in general wants to discredit her, as they do with any progressive. Fuck the media and their disinformation.
Chuck Todd for another. The media is a joke.
According to many comments I see on here, we should learn how to "fall in line" from Republicans. I don't know about you, but between "lower my standards to back any candidate of the right team" and "stick to what I believe is correct and refuse to compromise core beliefs", the choice is easy.
&gt; and she's objectively the best candidate Unless you're not a fan of Israel's policies regarding Palestinians, don't like increased military spending, don't want a candidate who hasn't completely sworn off corporate money. Off the top of my head. Subjectively prefer whoever you'd like, but if you say shit like "she's objectively the best", there's a 100% you base the entirety of your opinions on the titles you skim on /r/politics .
It's worked, because people do not read anything past the title of what gets posted.
What a coincidence that I see this comment now. I'm currently reading the Bible and Paul's letter to the Romans really struck me as a 1st century Fox News monologue passing itself as scripture. Compared to John or Mark, Paul seems incredibly arrogant and far less of a witness, and more of a demagogue.
To be honest I'm very new to the Bible, so you may be right. But the contrast between Romans and books like John and Mark is just kinda crazy.
In what world is this whataboutism, this is literally the topic of this thread? It's not one agency and it's not just 50 years ago. It's nearly continuous. The NSA lied to Congress only a few years ago.
I mentioned one famous example from 50 years ago, but there's many more from more recent years as well. Intelligence agencies have repeatedly lied and acted against the American people for their entire history, you have to be incredibly naive to trust them. That doesn't mean you need to crucify every janitor and office worker in each agency, just that you should be skeptical of their reports.
It's uh heritage not hate
Isn't one of the favorite "woke" arguments from the "pro-life" crowd that black fetuses are the ones that get aborted the most? Can't have it both ways.
Ouais Gauvin est très bonne
Bobo is hard to translate. Kinda similar to "basic" I guess?
Nooon n'enlevez pas Gauvin elle est si bonne 😩
Gauvin est si bonne
Mes sillons sont très assoiffés
Your argument is literally "how is improving things for people going forward fair to those who struggled before". It's a shit argument, and if people listened to it progress would never happen.
Low wages too
What?
What a nauseatingly jingoistic proposal. Beto is a fucking clown.
The US doesn't go to war to protect anyone's freedom, saying so is moronic and naive. And being opposed to this war tax, which would further single out military members as if they were a class above the rest, doesn't make someone anti-vet. Fund vet healthcare, don't do so in a way that leads to even more military worship.
People in America are bombarded with military propaganda, it's never out of anyone's mind for long. This policy's exemption for families of military members seems more like a punishment for not volunteering for these inane wars. Tax everyone, and make the tax far more progressive than it is with heavier burdens on the rich, otherwise it's a fucking joke.
You're as inspirational as Beto is.
Because she's a fucking joke
My favorite is the MSNBC ad for their portrait of her or whatever where they go: "She's a hero to the left, a villain to the right, and perhaps Donald Trump's greatest rival" Lmfao. The media is so out of touch.
Bruh they really taking Gauvin out? Dumb decision
Putain Majri keep playing
Even in the debates you've still got like half the candidates talking about how good they are at bipartisanship. Democrats are hopeless.
Biden an ally to progressives? Good one. Pelosi is one too I'm sure.
This has nothing to do with Russia lmao.
The presidential election sets the mandate. It definitely matters how progressive the president is.
"Americans like their private insurance"
The Tea Party did not fade away lol, they absolutely won, they got their people in and have shifted the overton window far to the right. They abuse the fuck out of migrants and have passed all their useless tax breaks.
The Tea Party were the crazies in the image of Bachmann and Palin. They were the reactionary response to a black President. They absolutely took over the party
Pretty sure bitch is still misogynistic when applied to men because the meaning of the insult changes.
They don't get a pass for fucking things up for Iran just to sanction other countries
Specifically the leftwing. Any democrat will not do. In fact, most won't. Biden certainly doesn't.
Was Kissinger on that list too?
It's not whataboutism to point out that the moral high ground most Americans constantly grant their country is non existent
Nah America just carpet bombs civilians and funds death squads
You talk about retired billionaires earning obscene amounts of cash passively as if they are the reason we have jobs lol, I'm not gonna take any lessons on the economy from you. Just because you know how to run a pool store doesn't mean you haven't fallen for supply side propaganda.
I didn't say it was cash. &gt;you can imagine the impact of losing 100 billion in investments/stock Yeah, on him. He no longer would earn passive income out the ass, except he still would because he'd still have an estimated 7 billion. Microsoft would be fine, unless whoever his stake was ridistributed to decides to try to liquidate it all. I'm guessing any part taken by the government would likely be sold off, and any part distributed to employees wouldn't
Everyone in France hates Parisians lol. Driving around France with a Parisian license plate can earn you abuse and road rage from other drivers.
Yes, but Paris is on a whole other level compared to pretty much anywhere as far as tourism goes.
How about all the dead Iraqis and Iranians? It's not just a tragedy when Americans die.
This fact just never fails to astonish. There are at the very least 3 layers of government continuously failing to give a single fuck about Flint.
[Here it is. It mentions multiple different studies with wide ranges of casualties, many of which fall in the million+ range.](https://www.salon.com/2018/03/19/the-staggering-death-toll-in-iraq_partner/)
Pathetic. Overthrowing a democratically elected government to put in place a dictatorship that represses and slaughters its own people is inherently undemocratic and evil, no matter how much you want to rationalize it away. America will prop up democracies when the dictatorship is opposed to their interests and dictatorships when the democracy is opposed to them. It's all about money and domination, not about spreading democracy and freedom.
o7 thank you for your service
You can use a padlock on each side to keep the curtain in place if it has holes drilled in it.
Let me guess, the good guy democrats once again handed total surveillance powers to the executive?
What is he if not a liberal
The US did not go to war to stop the Holocaust. The US couldn't even be bothered to not reject Jewish refugees. The US was attacked by Japan and had war declared on it by Germany.
God I can hear her voice
95 census? Pretty sure the census is at the start of every decade
I love how you pearl clutchers always call it "disagreeing with someone" when it's actually "not tolerating Nazis". The fact that you guys always use massive understatements to minimize the awfulness of white supremacists is really telling
Floch is completely evil lol wtf. He's literally threatening to kill the volunteers who don't kneel to the reborn Eldian Empire.
The Volunteers literally can't do shit to Eren, it's not like they're gonna be able to stop him if they don't kneel. Floch isn't just trying to survive, he's trying to subjugate.
You ever try to figure out why they've "always" been our enemy? Bracing myself for "tHeY hAtE oUr FrEeDoM"
We have fucked with Iran and other countries in the region for decades. We've contributed to the destruction of their democracy in the 50s. They saw how we manufactured a reason to invade their neighbor, Iraq, and the absolute massacre that has resulted over the next 15+ years. They saw how that allowed the fucking insane ISIS caliphate to emerge, which as militant Sunnis, would like nothing more to destroy Iran. You are right that there are parts of the Iranian population that are friendly, but to Americans and American culture, not to the American Government or its military, not in a million years, and it has everything to do with how those entities act. You putting all the blame on Iran and are ok with attacking them is ridiculous. Stop being a mindless cheerleader, look at the history and understand where the Iranians are coming from.
The answer overall is to stop fucking with the world. Stop toppling governments willy-nilly, stop thinking we have any business doing this stuff. If we stop doing that for more than a couple decades people abroad will just stop hating us naturally, and we won't have suffering and blood on our hands. Good on you to have an open mind.
Holy shit I recognize the username of the OP in the picture! They've had some real galaxy-brained political takes lately
Even then though, "getting fucked" is, as opposed to "doing the fucking", the part of sex that is considered feminine, or at least non-masculine. It's implicitly part of a world view that partitions sex into different roles and then assigns those roles positive and negative values, in a way that advantages straight men and shames women and gay men (or at least the ones on the receiving end)
Mononoke is a masterpiece of a movie
Centrist democrats simultaneously declare than any leftist not bowing to the party needs to run as independent and endlessly attack and smear any left-leaning independent candidate as a spoiler.
It's literally nothing. Pointing out why Bernie is a better candidate because of his demographic appeal is a normal thing to do, especially given how big of a fucking deal "electability" is. It's not a smear, it's not "trashing". This is a 100% manufactured "scandal"
A little bit of salami.
She's been too busy trying to finally annihilate the DCCC recently. I figure she'll eventually get on this.
Getting betrayed by them in the Spanish Civil War tends to do that
Imagine fucking saying this as your own country is in the process of invading two muslim countries for no fucking reason.
The economic consequences of Apartheid didn't end in the 90s either.
Biden tried to pass a constitutional amendment to balance the budget that would have absolutely fucked working class Americans. It failed by a single vote. But I guess Biden knew that and therefore was never serious about it, it was just a "challenge" to Republicans. It was a prank bro. All those times Biden has called for small cuts and freezes, those were all not serious.
The quote literally has Biden saying that he doesn't want to cut ***as much*** as Republicans. That's not arguing against austerity
11th
Taibi didn't make MSNBC bring a "body language expert" on air to call Sanders a liar.
25% of Clinton voters went for McCain in 08, who had just elevated the crazy edge of the Republican to the fore with his pick of Palin as VP. A further 5% didn't vote for Obama. More than twice as many Clinton supporters voted R than Sanders supporters did in their respective elections. If you want to add third-party or non-voters, it becomes closer, but it's still less unity on the Clinton end. Point is, this is not a new phenomenon, it literally happened last time there was a democratic primary, and it was worse. Obama still wiped the floor with McCain.
Don't forget that the Clinton campaign strove to elevate Trump back during the Republican primaries because they knew he was more extreme than the rest and would be easier to beat. They put the American people at greater risk of suffering under the far right for her benefit.
He held 14 for her in 5 days in like 6 different states. The fucking lie that he didn't genuinely endorse her and did her wrong is so beyond ridiculous.
Vote downballot at the very least.
Remember though, Bernie is the "Trumpian" candidate because he has big rallies and enthusiastic support.
Clinton is on a very specific side, her own. She does not give a shit about anyone bar herself and her close relatives. During the Republican primary her campaign wanted to boost Trump because he would be easier to beat. They were willing to put Americans at a greater risk of living under Trump because it would benefit Clinton's personal chances.
Thank you Pelosi and Schumer for this absolute gift to the Republicans
Yeah dude the mass bombings in Cambodia that massacred civilians definitely didn't help extremists like the Khmer Rouge take advantage of the chaos. Maybe if we had carpet bombed their country more things would have gone better for the Cambodians
Yeah? To an extent it can, absolutely. That doesn't mean it happens all the time, but it's definitely possible to do it to an extent
Against the Irish specifically? A long time ago, but it's happened every generation since then to other ethnic groups. Southern europeans got the xenophobe treatment up till half a century a got and hispanics and arabs do today
Biden has plenty of "Achievements", but it's the kind that have made America a more cruel and unfair place. Cheerleading for the Iraq War, stripping protection from people with student loan debt, voting for the Defense of Marriage Act, creating the precursor to the Patriot Act, being one of the architects of our ridiculous Civil Forfeiture laws. Almost all absolute shit, the kind of stuff you expect from the right.
It was about a week and a half, back in 2018
Feast and Dance are absolute meandering messes that have killed the series' chances of ever ending satisfactorily. I can't even imagine trying to adapt them
Clinton would literally pull votes in the primary from everyone but Sanders. I would be overjoyed if she ran.
What is it with British people and their imperial nostalgia? I feel like it's worse there than in the other colonial nations.
Biden was below Klobuchar-tier over a decade ago, his support today is literally all mooched off of Obama.
I hate that mindset so much. Misery Olympics are the dumbest concept, and can be incredibly hurtful to so many people. Human suffering isn't some quantifiable number that needs to pass a threshold to warrant relief. A kid being emotionally abused by his parents doesn't lose the right to support because his neighbor is both emotionally and physically abused. It's a way to shame vulnerable people into silence. Disgusting.
Yeah, turns out that human beings are not purely rational beings and we can compartmentalize like crazy. Lots of people have political opinion so far divorced from their behavior that it's clear that they didn't get it by thinking it through. Same thing for religion.
Beautiful cartoon.
Very distasteful joke.
I'd recommend reading up on the many candidates to local elections that are a part of Bernie's movement and giving to them instead of to the DNC. Cisneros in Texas, for example.
Anglo countries on the whole are more right-leaning and individualistic in my opinion, America is just the pinnacle of that.
Power doesn't have to be wielded by a state to be oppressive. An organised religious organization could use their clout to for example influence its members to shun certain groups of people.
Yeah it is. Oppression isn't just cops beating you up and locking you into jail. Being demeaned and ostracized if you don't conform your behavior to what is considered acceptable is a form of oppression.
Nothing says "Men going their own way" like "Men obsessively post about women on reddit"
Yeah, that's exactly what "white feminism" refers to. Middle to upper class white people born into comfort, but who are women, and as a result have faced discrimination, double standards, objectification, harassment, sexual assault, etc when compared to their brothers or their male friends who grew up with the same class advantages. They are rightfully pissed about their treatment as women, but their other privilege leads them to reject intersectionality, or at least to accept it only on a surface level, and they especially reject any major changes to the class system that has benefitted them. To be honest, I wish it wasn't called "White feminism" because that potentially alienates working class white women or even potentially middle/upper class women who are potential allies but don't know better, especially if they're young. "Bourgeois feminism" is a much more accurate name.
&gt; ONE PERSON! He cries, as four cops cooperated to murder Floyd.
ROME is the most important aspect of Christianity. Any Christianity not centered on ROME is wrong.
Same with the rogue archer. Sword guy got really lucky but even he's alive and mostly well. Pissed off mobs have literally been less deadly to people attacking them than four police officers were to an already subdued man.
The lack of reporting of all the egregious cases of brutality is so awful.
And you won't see this stream on the major networks either, even though you should. They could completely expose the abuse and choose not to, talking about looters instead.
Cops have ever increasing budgets and power and ever decreasing responsibility. Mighty combo. We've got a bunch of thugs on a joyride on the taxpayer's dime
Look at how openly the NYPD union attacks De Blasio and how deferential he's been to them as they brutalize the city. I'd bet a hundred bucks he or his family have been threatened.
NYPD behavior is what's inexcusable.
&gt; Are police really this stupid and bad? Yes. And if you're in a big city they're eating up half your local tax contributions
Glad they're spending all this manpower arresting people walking home and not going after all the looters I keep hearing about. They're useless
Yeah Eren also hates "slavers", and given that all Floch has done since the rumbling is try and get foreigners to swear allegiance and kneel I don't think Eren would be down with that.
This is only controversial because the American center-left fetishizes "propriety" and civility to an absurd degree. We've had on-camera summary executions of mostly black men, but also children, white men, and women by police for years now, and I've never seen anything but impotent rage and frustration in response. This time is different, precisely because of the "rioting" around the country. We're now actually talking about drastic steps to curb the police. Cities are under pressure. This doesn't happen with a neat one-time parade that ends with a cupid shuffle with a few cops. Apartheid wasn't ended by parades. Civil Rights were not gained that way either. Change is messy, stop squirming about the unfortunate excesses of having millions of pissed off people on the street and be part of the solution instead of pushing them to act in ways that will reduce the pressure on the people in power.
You're not wrong but ultimately the language barrier in Europe between countries is massive in most cases. There won't be anything like the movement between American states for that reason
That's the best case scenario. Try physically restraining a cop and you'll likely end up dead.
Same with police here. Less likely to beat white people but they'll still do it.
Yes. When do you ever see republicans running for president tout their ability to work with democrats? They don't care, they set out to lead the narrative. Democrats are for some reason always reacting and trying to thread some sort of needle.
"Reform" isn't possible. 57 cops resigned from riot duty in solidarity with their thug buddies who pushed a 75 year old to the ground till he bled out his ears. 70% of Minneapolis cops voted for a police union chief who attacked the city's decision to go after Floyd's murderers. While the city was burning 2 weeks ago, dozens of them were standing guard at Chauvin's house instead of arresting him. Grants for new training won't do anything. Repealing a few protections will barely do anything. The institution is rotten, it needs to be rebooted at the very least. Obama barely did anything to curb police brutality, still he was painted as a cop-hater who's trying to give criminals free reign. Stop ceding ground to reactionaries under the false impression that it will spare your candidates from attack.
That's true, but lots of people are understandably worried that the people saying "reform" mean just that: change a few rules and give them money for training they'll ignore.
I don't know why you're still talking policy stances when it's ostensibly not what I am or was talking about in this thread. &gt; [Describing his plan to “work things out” with Senator Lindsey Graham to pass legislation if elected, Biden shared his worry that the Republican Party could suffer too great a loss in 2020, wondering what would happen if the GOP got “clobbered” in November and Democrats were able to genuinely wield power for the first time in a decade. “I’m really worried that no party should have too much power,” he told a crowd in Decorah, according to BuzzFeed News. “You need a countervailing force.”](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/12/joe-biden-america-needs-the-republican-party.html)
&gt; Sorry that doesnt seem to be something from the website which is where his official policy is. Funny, here's what I commented just above, bolded and in italics. &gt;&gt; ***I don't know why you're still talking policy stances when it's ostensibly not what I am or was talking about in this thread.*** It's very obvious that you're not reading my comments at this point. I'm not interested in discussing with a campaign chat bot. See ya
You literally, right here, have an example of the consequences of being a good officer in the police force, and the consequence is that they are no longer an officer. Had she not been a good person and instead quietly backed up the abuser, she'd still be on the job Police are not the victims in this story that shows that they root out good officers and kick them out, sorry buddy.
Tamir Rice also. Kid with a toy gun shot before the cop car even stopped. Didn't even go to court. That shit still pisses me off. And Daniel Shaver too, white guy, gunned down because the cops were LARPing as if they were in some sort of high pressure hostage situation. Not only was there no justice, the killer cop was traumatized by the fact that he murdered an innocent man so the taxpayer is paying him 40k a year for the rest of his life for PTSD.
Pretty sure Bernie Sanders, who popularized the idea, doesn't have any student debt lol. Of course people with debt will be more likely to support this, but trying to paint the position itself as always self-servinhg is complete bullshit
W's problem isn't that he was dumb, it's that he was a horrible war criminal.
Thankfully there's no actual situation in which you have to "pick one". Oppose both, and definitely address all the awful rehabilitating of W that's going on. Trump is awful enough on his own, no need to whitewash anyone.
Unfortunately so, you just gotta call it out when you can.
They will fuck you up. You'll be run out of the department or worse. "Accidents" tend to happen to cops deemed to be snitches that don't leave. Push for Defunding/Abolition instead
Thank you, so sick of having these people act like police abolition is some knee-jerk position just because they have never heard of it till a week ago.
They're decentralized, different cliques have different positions on things like race.
This incident with the kid is from nearly two weeks ago, it was in the earlier days of protests, maybe the parents didn't realize at the time
I'm not gonna say petitions are useless, but they're nearly so. Peaceful demonstrations are far more impressive than just having people sign a piece of paper, and even those typically don't lead to meaningful change. The problem is that both mainstream parties in the US are opposed to meaningful change. One wants to encourage cops to beat up more people and the other wants to give them money to enroll in some sensitivity classes.
They want to reform them by funding new training for the most part, which is laughable because the police by and large do not care. Some have floated the idea of a federal oversight agency that could possibly be good but likely wouldn't go after anything but the most flagrant murders. A lot of the protestors want to defang the police, instead of throwing more money at them for training they'll just dismiss.
And just a few months ago the US supported the ousting of an indigenous president in South America to pave the way for a Christian Fundamentalist.
Even if the victim says "yes" there's so much power imbalance it that situation that it isn't ever actual consent. If a cop and a detainee genuinely want to get it on they should meet later.
Ck2 will not be obsolete? And Holy Fury came out in late 2018, CK3 won't be out till late 2020, 2 years later. Ultimately you feel the way you feel but it's kind of bizzare
Damn I must have missed this part of it.
Oh I see what you mean
Given that this is an outdoor event, I'd be willing to guess that it's not gonna drive up cases as much as we'd expect at first glance. The indoor activity in retail and food service is likely what's really driving the cases up.
Do you have a link to the saturday stream?
I don't think you quite understand how research works if you think people arguing against you are the ones who have to look up your sources for you
Yeah, it's feudalism except instead of being based entirely on land ownership it's based on capital ownership (which funnily enough includes land). It's feudalism plus with a few more opportunities for advancement since new capital can be generated more easily than new workable land
Hey you got folks like levy the liberator out there under feudalism too! So like from .5% to 1%
&gt; FPEUC is next up for people still unemployed after the 12 weeks, and they'd still get CARES money through the end of July. After July 31st, it'd revert back to just state money. Given that my original comment was literally a question and that this would have answered it, you could have just led with that instead of fishing for an argument. Thanks for the info though
Chelsea's probably bigger now after 15 years of picking up international support too
Funny how that doesn't extend to protecting people from law enforcement agents by letting them off the hook easy every time they brutalize someone.
You literally just claimed that the difference between the presidency and the legislature is that the former is elected by the states and the latter directly by the people. Now you're also saying the the senate is elected by the states. The presidential electoral college is also voted for by popular vote within the states, no difference between that and the senate elections
And that's no different from the presidency. Popular vote within the states decides which candidate the state supports. At the national level both result in non-representative results in comparison to the national population.
