alright, this has to be it. This has to be something Trump did that he managed to not fuck up or half-ass. 2 years has gotta be enough time for this broken clock to be right at least once.
and samus was called metroid.
fun fact: otters are the only aquatic mammals that don't use blubber to keep warm, they have insanely thick fur that keeps em toasty. Also they are closely related to weasels. They are essentially sea weasels.
my new year's resolution each year is to never make any new year's resolutions. flawless record so far.
the exp is about 3 times faster, as 1) it is based off phinny post kunark boost (50% faster than original), and because there is a 100% exp bonus for full groups that wasn't in the original game. the bonus was introduced some time after classic, and was 10 % and later 20% for full groups. Much later ut was pushed to 100% to promote grouping. that is why you see so few soloers. before the big bonus, I could get exp faster quadding on my druid than I could grouping in Luclin. now it simply isn't feasible to level faster without a group aside from maybe an enc/clr duo.
necromancer, shaman, enchanter. Just be ready to mana battery a lot in groups as necro.
salaries aren't where most make their money.
doesn't matter if cats encounter snakes, snake detection has been bred into them. humans too. they have done studies on how humans have an uncanny ability to detect snakes.
yeah holy shit, that's like something you would see out of a scifi disastet movie.
was working with a guy with family in the area at that time. was a really shit day while we waited on word about them. next day we found out they were OK, buy from what he said, they were very lucky.
israel yeah, but I think a lot of what lead to everyone just going along with whatever Israel wanted was guilt about how much they fucked them over throughout history. Hell, the US and UK turned away a boat of Jewish refugees during the reich and at least half of them died in death camps.
It seems to come from NE NJ, we call it the Jersey Smell. I notice it when I go visit friends in Boston.
I think we are far from the least liked (I'm looking at you Oklahoma), but we were a dumping ground for NYC and there was a lot of issues with waste in the past thanks to the mob. We are also the most crowded state and have the second highest property taxes in the nation. We are one of the wealthiest states though, and actually have a ton of forestland. And the weather isn't as bad as many places. You pretty much have to go to socal and pray there isn't a fire to have better weather.
Na, M&amp;Ms last a long time. That halloween candy you buy was likely made in june or july.
One of those few moves he's made that I can't find a fault with. You know that one of his handlers somewhere is exclaiming: "FINALLY", and hoping he doesn't grab a pussy or tell another kid there is no Santa for at least a day.
&gt; YOU couldn't plan a trip to Irag in that little amount of time and you (and me) are a no one! To think that this hasn't been in the works for weeks, if not months is frankly foolish. I don't have an entire branch of the government at my beckon call, or I could have it planned for me in fucking minutes.
No one is voicing their support. Which is easy to believe because if you want to have everyone at work hate you, this would be a very fast way for that to happen.
I knew Santa was fake by that point, but I caught my parents in the act that year.
I've worked for the government. They can do things very effectively. My department did with 3 people what took the private sector 50. That being said, the government seems to run either very effectively or extremely ineffectively. I've rarely seen a department that ran anywhere in between. Either it was a small band of people furiously pounding out an extreme workload, or it was a clusterfuck of folks with not enough direction.
"Other people's money" is a garbage concept. It isn't other people's money if you have it, it is your money. I think you massively underestimate the amount of waste in private sectors. I've watched people literally throw away millions of dollars in brand new parts because they simply didn't like where it was stored, and have to order those parts all over again. And this is a company owned by some of the wealthiest people in the world. Privatization is not a key to efficiency. See prisons for a prime example.
Dolphins are basically the humans of the ocean. They like to have fun, are interesting and intelligent creatures, and are often dicks.
I thought this was Lasse Gjertsen, and wondered what he had been up to.
Heavy uncertainty and volatility. If you are close to retirement or needed money from the market, you should have bailed a while ago. Otherwise, enjoy the ride. If you have money to throw in, get ready, cuz odds are a crash is coming. You can toss it in now even, as long as you can wait 2-3 years to realize the gain.
Cantitbeboth.jpg
This is weird to me. All my packages are left in the open, never had anything taken, which really surprises me with teenagers living in my area. Maybe kids are a little better behaved than I was.
I think it is interesting that Japan, while it has a lower crime rate, has about the same recidivism rate we do with a similar "punish instead of correct" style justice system. Meanwhile places like norway that push Correction have rates around a third of both nations. There will always be those who are irredeemable, but I think we greatly overestimate their size and give up on people too easily.
It just goes to show where people's minds are. How is Obama on top? Don't get me wrong, he pretty good on the curve, but there are quite a few people who deserve to be more admired, we just get saturated with exposure to politicians, presidents in particular.
I'm going to admit I thought it was Poland for some reason before googling. I guess I was at least in the right vicinity.
You mean super Sinnoh stones, you make by combining 10 regular Sinnoh stones.
Wait, people don't like broccoli? I always like it, and green beans. Parents never had to convince me, they just keep putting vegetables in front of me until they found ones I liked.
I love Spacey's acting and his movies, but he should be done. No more shows, no more movies, done for this shit. It is a shame, but being a good actor doesn't give you a license to do whatever the fuck you want without consequences.
Or "how much efficiency do I need?". I only drive 25 miles round trip to work. I don't need 50 or even 40 mpg. 30 highways 25 city is more than enough. My roomate who drives 60 miles round trip really wanted 40 when he went to get a car. Someone who has to do a lot of hauling or has a large family may temper their mpg expectations too.
&gt; What's puzzling to me is the question of why it's always those doing actual productive work that don't reap the benefits of greater societal productivity. I'm serious, what's up with that? Because they don't own the automation that is increasing production.
Only if you are dirty.
Good companies don't need any investors. Source, worked for one of the largest companies in the world which has no investors and remains completely private.
I should stand corrected, I think this was the number just for NYC stores, it is hard to nail down how many employees they have.
Yeah only worked for 70 years, time to give up now guys.
yeah it would be a 50 dollar round trip ride for me on uber, except there are no ubers available. taxis would prolly run me 100 bucks or more and the wait could be insane for them.
oddly enough, I had the Massachesetts clean energy center call me when I worked for the NJ renewable program, asking how we were running things, since ours was succeeding very well. Basically had to tell them most of it was copied from cali, they just needed to factor in their geography (wind power isn't viable in 98% of NJ, for example).
I mentioned ti one of my coworkers how the same surgery in the US costs ten times what it does in Belgium out of pocket. His response was, "yeah but would you really want it done over there?" He thought Belgium was a third world country....
Looking at you, Arkansas.
This is right up there with Sovcits and flat-earthers. It's terrible, but I can't look away.
That makes quite a bit of sense. "we already spent the money on this and don't really want a lot of mercury in our air"
googled that and holy shit, that's nuts.
because in many cases they are talking about stripping away future benefits only . the biggest "i got mine, fuck you" ive seen.
Public schools are very very much in the sphere of politics, pretty much everything is. Since civilization started, politics has touched anyone involved, because politics is pretty much the running of the civilized world. There is no escaping that.
i question the speed limits in AZ. was doing 100 in a 70. cop passes me. as m dumbfoundedly staring at this, I pass a speed trap. 0 fucks given by the cops.
no need for the /s. anyone who lived in or has ever been to chicago in the winter knew the story was fishy, and beyond that the environment is a lot different in Chicago.
most of the people I've played with had no idea about any game events until they added the news in game with pop ups.
&gt; He's a genuinely great person but that doesn't always translate to good politician. See Carter. Very lackluster president, probably the best human being to hold the office in our history.
the eurozone is mostly capitalist and mixed economies. If memory serves, Iceland is the only nation in europe with a socialistic majority government.
make a special last episode for him where matlock is killed by a young gay man.
he was just baptizing it and it got raptured.
this is outright advocating for murder, which shouldn't be protected by the first amendment. if you are ever going to make a comment like this (don't), don't do it on a medium that automatically logs and saves it.
none of that compares to being on the fucking tallest mountain on earth, where there is an area known as "the death zone". ive done plenty of hiking and packed out all of my stuff, but was at 3k at highest, everest tops 30k.
it is pretty telling that Japan, despite a wildly different culture and much lower crime rate, uses our style of "corrections" and has similar recidivism rates.
the farmer's commercial for this would be awkward af
local cops are much more scummy in my experience as you stated. they had to purge my town's police force for corruption, they were the ones running drugs. meanwhile ive yet to have a state cop be anything but polite and helpful. after the purge our town is much better now. I think I confused the cop when i was nice to him after he gave me a ticket (it was my mistake for missing registration and he gave me a 20ish dollar bs ticket). it was nice to have q cop doing their job. but being lenient for an honest mistake, rather than looking for a bribe or a power trip.
thats because if they dont have a sure conviction, it doesn't go to court.
I'm not a voilent person nor would I be much good in a fight, but in this situation, if I got the upper hand, they might need dental record to identify the perp. I've had nightmares about this kind of shit, and the stabbing wouldn't stop for a while.
well shit, this gets interesting fast. i was assuming neither knew each other.
dexter series as a truck driver would be interesting..
ive literally faked being shot for solicitors. I enjoy fucking with them. I once jept one of them online for over half an hour by just saying things like "really, tell me more" , "that's interesting, what else do you have?" they stop calling fast after the latter incident.
i want to dump them, but bot too many other options with similar services.
only a third of nations according to WHO
you just described Trump vs Bush Jr., though Jr wasn't nearly as evil as his VP, who literally signed a waterboarding kit.
this is both sadly and oddly encouragingly the case. We live in the best times to date, and that fact is both nice and terrifying. The shit that used to happen each day on this planet is harrowing, and we are still baby stepping out of the darkness century by century.
They've done it before.
I do the same thing with indiana.
he wasn't a boomer, and they never said he was rising a harley.
yeah my friend's highschool had a teacher who was having sex with a ton of his students. IDK how he got away with it so long, most of the students seemed to know from the girls talking about it.
"how's the weather out Ollie?" "SUCKAS GETTIN CAPPED!!"
says in the picture no cigarettes or vapes allowed.
to quote my one professor "affirmative action by quota is the worst thing to happen to black people since slavery. Instead of something being hard to achieve and maintain, you make it marginally easier to achieve, harder to maintain, and cast doubts on any accomplishments you ever genuinely make"
because hes like... well, Trump.
yeah, but you have to watch them to and primary the fuck out of them if they step out of line.
they also have a compulsory system like the ACA.
"one of these days Alice, crash, boom, zoom, straight to the moon!"
yeah, just make it into a state or national park or preserve at this point.
so much of this is wrong. it is not universally legal to own a gun, and have it out, loaded in public your lap. that is completely illegal in my state, for example. No rights are unlimited, as was held up under Heller v D.C.. the government is free to regulated gun ownership and possesion. as for your last statement, the constitution is designed to be able to amended. you cited an amendment, it has been amended 17 times after that, and the very person who wrote stated that it is designed to change over time.
[this guy would like a word with you](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/05/27/covered-with-bees-and-a-swarm-pursuing-man-dies-after-being-stung-more-than-1000-times-in-ariz-park/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.a5f06dbc582e)
Hogwarts may teach less fiction than these schools.
A good story from my father. He was riding in my uncle's car when suddenly a wheel, tire and all passed them in a downhill turn. "Ha! some asshole lost a wheel!" then the turn ended and my uncles car slumped backwards to its side on an axle. It was his wheel that had come off. So much of this presidency reminds me of this story. edit: wow gold, thanks stranger.
the rights in the bill of rights are not absolute, the SCOTUS has ruled that time and again. freedom of speech is not absolute, you cannot call for direct violence against another. Hell, profanity is expressly not protected by the first amendment (which seems dumb). again the constitution was not meant to be static, it was meant to be a slowly changing living document, because times change. Everyone having military grade weapons made sense when it was written. we were a fledlging nation surrounded by hostiles, and we used muskets to fire every 30 seconds or so. Times and technology have changed the scope, and the writers of the constitution would have their minds blown by the capabilities of today's weapons.
thank you kind sir, it is probably the funniest story I know involving that uncle, but he has some doozies, from calling his father to ask how to get a car off a roof, to his bachelor party, which, lets just say he thoroughly enjoyed. Also he was dressed like a 3 musketeer for my other uncle's funeral, stood guard over the casket at the wake, and was so drunk he nearly fell into it.
"fixing" if you are wealthy. Our economy was fine before Trump took office.
The 3 kingdoms shit was nuts, like their own little internal WW1 in terms of fataliities.
You don't need suicide bombers when the government will just harvest your organs for you.
which is the absolute best government/economic model is debatable. We've seen that the worst 2 seems to be be feudalism and state socialism, which are out performed by pure capitalism/libertarianism, which in turn is out performed by mixed systems (nordic/regulated capitalism and fascism) democratic socialism is a bit of a question mark, it doesn't seem to last and slips into state socialism or gets rejected for nordic. it does seem to outperform its authoritarian counterpart though. So really its between the 2 mixed systems for the prize. fascism can move faster to tackle certain issue, but is under constant strain to maintain nationalist fervor or lose its grip. All of the authoritarian models have huge issues with corruption (the old saying about absolute power corrupting absolutely). This is where Xi may be the beggining of the end for China. China had managed to stamp a large amount of meaningful corruption by basically having everyone with a dagger to each other's back in the government. Get caught taking bribes as the head of the FDA? get ratted out and executed. With so much power concentrated in Xi, I see the potential for corruption blooming in China, and it, combined with external backlash for the crimes against humanity growing, grinding China's economy to a halt. How ugly things get from there is anyone's guess.
no, he was confusing 2 different deals and getting both of them wrong. Obama gave Iran back money that was theirs for hostages in one deal, and in another, part of the big Iran deal, was going to give them low grade nuclear material they could use for reactors as part of an agreement that Iran would stop any weapons grade nuclear enrichment projects.
dont go back and watch prior seasons and compare, it will make you very angry. especially if the "tactics" of the battle of winterfell left you angry to begin with.
my basement is 400ft above sea level is never not flooded. between living on an abandoned canal and record rainfall, im considering just converting the place into an ark.
I mean, we literally have glass bottles of coke in places in America, but I believe its manufactured in Mexico.
One place I work we had a guy came in stoned all the time, he even smoked in his car, security just never ratted him out. Eventually work fired him to "save costs". Turned out the guy was actually really good at his job, just no one really saw what he did and figured it was easy to get the same results.
I mean China will also harvest your organs if you get too uppity, they are probably not the best nation to emulate.
Didn't seem to be too much of an issue when we had a much higher rate of migration of poor Irish and Italians.
Yep fiscal mismanagement. Bounce between state and private jobs and it will astonish you. It never seemed like anything in the state ran mediocre or OK. Either it was insanely efficient (saw a department of 3 doing what took private 50), or incredibly mismanaged (had several state employees being paid nearly 200k each with no actual jobs).
They do when you run out of places to reasonably cut. Eventually quality, safety, and security suffer.
Both when I worked for the state and for one of my larger private companies, they cannibalize the hell out of stuff to get the last bit of life out of everything. We still have monitors from over 15 years ago. The policy is they will never replace them until they stop working. There were quite a few CRTs hanging about til 2010ish, I think they suffered unfortunate "accidents" after that.
It was massively different to me. While conflicts were going on, they were far away, and the US was virtually untouchable, and a civilian, let alone thousands being killed, especially in a single attack was completely unthinkable.
Trump has a habit of doing exactly what he criticized Obama for (see /r/TrumpCriticizesTrump), has John Bolton, a known war hawk as his national security adviser, and is lagging badly in the polls. He's desperate enough, dumb enough, and easily swayed enough to launch an attack on Iran. In fact, we know he did just that, and then called it off WHILE IT WAS UNDERWAY. Luckily, before any shots were fired.
People criticized him FOR intervention in Syria when he launched Cruise missiles. Also bear in mind he was much higher in the polls and not facing an election. Foreign relations are largely irrelevant to Trump until they begin to affect him personally, like most things.
"Get on the - ... well I guess that counts as the ground...."
Hmmm, that's true, at least of the brand I have, it makes a huge cloud of GTFO.
Uh, the gulf stream does not affect the global temperature average, it just shifts some of the warmer air towards Europe and a little to the northeastern coastline of the US. The winters will get more severe, but the warming will still make the summer months even hotter, and reduce both arctic and antarctic sea ice.
I was in ride that was basically this on a weird rotating claw. Apparently it was not designed for someone of my height and/or my seat was busted. The shoulder restraint come open and I basically spent the rest of the ride holding on for dear life to avoid plummeting 10-20 feet onto diamond plate. The funny thing was my nephew was the one one screaming the whole time. My fear mode is silence and hold on like some kind of howler monkey.
I was imaging halfway through an American cop just walking up with a gun and tapping him 3 times in the chest, turning to the other cops and just being like "really?"
[you had me imagining this](https://youtu.be/MJ6ayvGPP0g?t=124)
I mean, it is cheese. American cheese is Cheddar cheese with butter added, essentially (and probably 1929219 preservatives in most brands)
Cats started it :P.
Use meat instead, that will enjoy that more after they removed it from their face. (be sure to double check dietary issues with certain kinds of meat and don't throw an entire steak at your cat.)
Hmm, some like Mace: use up to 15%: https://www.mace.com/pages/pepper-spray-glossary The strength of the ingredients may vary too: https://www.selfdefenseninja.com/bear-spray-vs-pepper-spray-whats-difference/
that ahould be the eventual goal. the only reason for tariffs is to balance costs with countries that still have very low labor costs, and/or have not implemented robust human rights and environmental regulations. Ideally, international standards for environmental and human protection would be met, and standards of living in countries exporting large amounts of goods would make labor prices competitive, thus eliminating the need for tariffs.
honestly, thats gonna be a significant threat to the second amendment. currently support is sky high, around 80%. But raise a whole generation of kids scarred by these kinds of drills, and that could change rapidly.
The problem is with all the cruelty that has been done and exposed by the current administration, a lot of folks who would have shown up for a court date under Obama are sure as fuck not going to under Trump. When you are all but told your family is going to be torn apart, locked in cages, have a good chance of being denied basic hygiene, and will be guarded by the most sadistic fucks our nation has to offer who will [literally laugh at the crying of children and compare it to a symphony](https://www.propublica.org/article/children-separated-from-parents-border-patrol-cbp-trump-immigration-policy) Trump has made the illegal problem worse in his zeal to appeal to his racist ass base.
These some national guard folks are the type of people the cartels recruit. Money talks. There have been entire cartels formed from former military.
I dont know, but this is awesome for me, I get out of work just before 6, and now I actually get to do some of the CD! on the negative side, if this was night shift it would have mostly killed it for me.
heat soak is typically 5 pm near the solstice, but it varies due to location in time zones.
and to your point about their name, there were ~3 million in the colonies at the time, 90,000 would have been 3%. at least 200,000 served in the militia alone. to be accurate they would have probably had to call themselves 10%ers.
This is part of the reason I just block anyone who posts in T_D when they try to "discuss" things with me. The other is to give them the same treatment their sub gives, where anything other than complete agreement is banned outright.
works for a lot of CEOs.
"I'm not trying to criticize our president, but I had to present information to him in the same way you would to a 1st grader who had been dropped on their head a lot as a baby"
I honestly think Sanders is too old and needs a surrogate. But he should stay in to keep the energy up, if he doesn't get the nomination he can put his energy behind a like minded candidate and drive them to the white house. He's also a good pick for VP now.
Yep, as Booker has already alluded to, there is a high consensus among the candidates that there needs to be a woman on the ticket. That is why he would not accept a VP offer from Biden or Sanders. There is also a less official goal to have a white person and a POC on the ticket to appeal to as many folks as possible. A ticket like Warren/Booker or Harris/Sanders would cover a lot of bases. One the 800 pound gorilla in the room is "woman on the top or bottom of the ticket?" Our odds are much better with a man, sadly. Demographic shifts are helping, but with all the Russian shenanigans, I don't know if we can clinch a win with Warren or Harris at the top. Fortunately Harris is young enough that if she gets the VP nod instead, in 2024 or 2028, she would be in a prime position for the big seat. And if someone like Sanders was top of the ticket.....well, nature might give her an early audition for the role.
IDK, I know some folks who voted for Obama, who refused to vote for hillary because of how the GOP was able to poison that well. Just look at what they are trying to do to AOC, its already started on Harris.
I have to admit though, I would definitely be laughing my ass off if that was played for our anthem.
Try finding multi-million dollar budget mistakes during an audit. I was worrying about getting called to court for nearly a decade.
Yep, I used to drink it all the time, no more.
Troegs is much better, but I think pricier.
He saved your sole.
And would have me moaning about the same thing, giving up something for nothing. Obama did that quite a bit, but at least it was to people in his own nation and not a bloodthirsty dictator.
1. not everyone has an acceptable ID, and states can change which ID is required. 2. You have to be registered to vote, and you have to identify yourself for that. 3. See above 4. they really aren't. In person voter fraud is almost non-existent. Why risk hefty amounts of jail time for a few votes when you can just take dozens or hundreds of absentee ballots and stuff them. That's where the fraud is. Also with election workers stealing ballots or voting machines being tampered with.
In my county in NJ you just show up and say your name, and sign that you are voting. Only time ID is asked for is if someone already signed, because one of you is committing fraud. This has the double whammy effect of preventing most fraud, and making the best defense against it to vote.
And senate and house. You will only get it past the turtle if A) a GOP president that doesn't eat paste is in power B) the turtle isn't in power.
&gt; it’s a living document that is designed to be changed/modified/updated. What is funny, is the primary author of the constitution has a gigantic quote pretty much saying this on his monument in DC.
Same here. Been voting since 2000 and he's the only one who has ever made me open my wallet.
&gt; The amount of americans that would gloat about how they would rather pay a private company 2k a month than to give the government the same amount for the exact same service because "Government evil, taxes are theft" is astounding. "the government can't do anything right" - conservatives who has never worked for the government speaking to me, who has actually worked several jobs in the public sector. Good thing they tossed away millions on a private company to consult on something I could have prevented in about 5 minutes of discussion.
You don't even have to suffer that much to see the issue. I have a so called "cadillac plan" that costs my company around 20k a year and still have to pay $140 bucks to see a doctor if I get a cold. That's money coming out of my and my company's pocket to pay for nothing, just insurance bloat.
honestly putting them in a target range alone and watching what they do on camera would probably sort out the worst if some of the range videos we see here are any indication, like the guy who took selfies with the gun and then pointed at his friend's head as a joke.
I'm so sorry, at least you got to know an individual who cared about others and wasn't afraid to stand up for them.
Honestly, it always seems like carrying a weapon does more to protect others than yourself. When you are attacked, they have the jump on you, but someone nearby with a weapon can come to their aid. Nearly every defense I see with a gun is a bystander not being targeted jumping in to stop the attack.
It is a higher deductible plan, but still costs in the 20k a year range. It is madness. The big family plans that people have here are astronomical.
yes
Just people who are extreme. I live over in NJ, we have vendors tell us all the time about Hasidic jewish folk. Many of them won't even do business with them they are so terrible to deal with.
Hard to get them to pay, trying to haggle after prices were agreed to. Refusal to pay, etc. Being extremely hostile and disrespectful in general. There were also numerous complaints about hygiene.
Never gone to that area. I live up in Warren.
Menendez, please send aid. Booker is alright at least.
He's corrupt AF. We've had our share of that in NJ, would prefer to avoid it.
Actually only 2 states have no decriminalization: Idaho and South Dakota, so you likely won't be last!
Medical is legal in wisconsin. I should have been more specific, there are only 2 states with 100% prohibition. Every other state has either medical, decriminalization, or legalization.
Let me convert that to metric Canadian for you: A dusting.
We had an outdoor dog that would always find a way to break out of its leash. It would be gone for about a week and then show back up in its dog house. I kept asking my parents why we even bothered tying it to the doghouse if she kept getting loose.
here in NJ we are voting on full legalization.
Ah ok, you are correct, sorry for the mistake.
Is the orange the area with fire? or is it all just fire?
cut off pieces and give it to the kids
You mean today, its at least 2 years old.
"remember to always treat a gun as if it is loaded, you never know when it will *BANG* go off, now let's go over..."
I mean, it could end up being both. This is the kind of advertising campaign I wouldn't mind.
Turn and face them. While a leopard is more than capable of killing you, they tend to avoid attacking humans, and you aren't going to get away from them unless you are already at shelter. Pray you have a knife.
We barely put an effort in there. Honestly, we haven't really put much of our force behind anything after WW2. not worth return on investment.
You are talking about high altitude nuclear detonations. The EMP would knock out most civilian hardware, but a good deal of the military would be left intact.
Uh, have you been asleep for a few decades? [here is a useful chart](https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Top-Ten-Defense-Budgets-with-Sequestration-1.jpg) The US has been over 40% of global military spending for quite some time now. We have as many aircraft carriers as the rest of the world combined.
It is kind of crazy. We actually had a class project on taking over the world in middle school, no joke. Teacher asked us to explain how we would do it.
I like how your liberal party is your conservative party. Kind of odd to me over here in the states. Stay safe out there guys.
except for the people I saw going to take photos with grizzly cubs on the klondike highway. Some folks really don't get animals.
happened twice in one trip too. It was wild. I almost had my own moment with a wolverine. Was going to roll down my window to photo it and then remembered how quickly that thing could be in my car and just noped out of there.
It honestly reads like discussions I had about this back on Christianforums when the Iraq invasion was going down.
So time for us to bomb China then.
Sanders would almost be a conservative in most nations. He's more conservative than the liberal UK candidate that lost.
while we talk shit on cops a lot (and a lot is warranted) the vast majority will back off if they see you heading to work. I'm just glad the police force in my town got an enema (80%+ of the force arrested/fired in a big bust). It's nice having cops pull over to ask you questions ("have you seen a distressed lady around here?!") rather than try to investigate you.
I've dealt with the canadian police (at my own fault) good folks, remind me of state troopers (local police are usually the shit ones in the states).
Oddly enough I had a cop pull me over for my lights. I had some trouble with them before and had changed them. Cop was fairly flustered when I asked if I could get out and check them myself. Gave me a BS 40 dollar ticket since my registration was expired (I forgot the correct date). The cop was legitimately confused when I thanked him sincerely for pointing out my light and the registration. "you could have given me close to a 200 dollar ticket but you didn't" I don't know if I will ever understand cops in this way. Few seem "ok". They either seem like complete pricks or they seem so overly nice it almost pains you.
Wymoning would have no cities at all by that standard. The standard for urban in the US is 2,500 people with at least 1,000 per square mile, and an urban area (aka a city) is any such place with at least 50,000 people. Everything with less than 2,500 people, or less than 1,000 per square mile would be considered rural or "small town"
Yeah, I'm from near NYC. Indiana is not a small town at all. It is a city. There are smaller cities like Gary, Asheville, etc. and then there are big cities like NYC, Chicago, Seattle etc. Just like there are a large towns like Phillipsburg (30kish people last check), and small towns like the the one north of me that has 3kish. And then there are larger rural areas where you might be pushing 2kish people, and then places like Four Corners that has about 50 people.
how about we don't support either?
That's 118 freedom units for those of us in the states. AKA phoenix weather. No where should be like phoenix.
I got you fam. Tree Fiddy sent.
[reminds me of this gem](https://i.imgur.com/C78RK9P.gif?noredirect)
I don't know what the normal political leanings are of top brass at the pentagon, but I'm betting they are rooting for, and possibly voting for democrat president in this coming election.
Wipe it up with a towel and use your hand to catch the soap....
Agreed, just keep downvoting this shit.
Sorry misspelled her name: stacey abrams
That's his story, the land owner said hes been told multiple times not to hunt there or pass through, and there are signs posted all over, even warning about the paint.
The problem with that is nina who???
The only one better known that has a similar agenda to sanders is warren, which won't excite the black vote.
That's part of the appeal.
they support snfn a nainaf AKA no one cares because they won't touch the white house.
Not for me, just makes me feel like im spinning full time.
I once backed my brand new car into another car pulling it out of the driveway the first time. I died inside that day.
Uh, you are kind of making my point there. Palin easily cost McCain his shot at the presidency.
I can hear the cat purring in this photo.
Honestly I hate the kraken. Just tastes plain horrible to me.
I just hope you don't get the california special: where the rain then floods and washes away everything that caught fire previously in landslides.
There isn't much difference. Bear in mind one of the top 10 wines in the world comes in a box from walmart. Alcohol of pretty much any variety has greatly diminishing returns based on cost. I drink a lot of craft beer, but you don't get much better going from 2 bucks a bottle to 18 bucks, but going from 1-2 you generally get a monstrous difference in quality.
I mean there is plenty of justification for killing Soleimani. Just not for doing so in Iraq, with no notification to them, permission from them, and no notification to congress
Targeting cultural sites in the middle east is especially heinous because many of them are some of the oldest human structures built. They aren't just Muslim, arab, or (insert country here) history, they are human history, the very start of our civilization.
They will just pass it on to consumers sadly, but if you tie it to fossil fuel sources, it could make energy companies pursue renewables more aggressively.
guy is such A POS that his siblings made an ad supporting his democrat opponent.
the good thing is that recently, Sanders appears to have crossed a threshold that is making it harder and harder to ignore him. which drives up support, which drives up demand to cover him. The cycle keeps working this way, he might just have a chance. I'm just dreading the southern states.
When i was at glacier park in 2016, I didn't see signs saying they "would be gone in 2020', but that they "would be gone as early as 2020"
Just get a small loan of a million dollars from your father and bamkrupt a casino.
the generals are weighing options while Trump consults with Putin.
True enough.
I wouldn't call torching relations with Iraq a win for Trump or the nation. The only win is that Iran made an attack they knew probably wouldn't kill anyone and that it might sate their national pride. Trump can make the most of this if he just lets this die tomorrow, assuming no more attacks.
indeed, they determined it was't worth it. With weapons technology the way it is today, there are plenty of viable targets we and other nations could hit most of the time. There is just the math of whether it is worth the fallout and/or the fact we can't hit them all.
I'm not sure how seriously I would take polling number achieved at the end of a gun either.
Also don't forget the republican party's extreme shift. I was a republican in 2000 and voted for W. While my attitudes have shifted, the GOP has shifted much more.
"well at least they weren't family" - Morrison, almost I bet.
That's like you saying you don't pay for anything, your boss does.
The dam level is 4.1% current which would be just under 3 meters . The maximum level is 73 meters. This is just under 10 feet current with a max depth of 240 feet for those of us in the US. That is wild. Another meter or so, and some extremely tall folk will be able to touch the bottom of the deepest parts with their feet with their head still above water
Solid dude.
We would be spending that money anyway. The departments within already existed upon the DHS creation. The DHS just helps coordinate between them, streamlining information sharing to identify threats to national security.
The TSA is a component that can definitely go. It really serves no good purpose.
They should just pay a flat amount per hour or day fighting fires and have the emergency services verify it. Anyone willing to do this should be able to get something. Of course you could just staff more paid firefighters too. But that takes valuable coal money :/
In australia you will find dozens if not hundreds of animals looking to murder you. And this huggable fluff!!!
Water has latent heat of vaporization of 970.3. Aka it takes 970 times the heat it takes to raise water 1 degree F to boil the same amount of water. Another way to put this is it takes over 5 times the heat that it takes to take water from ice cold to near boiling, than it does to actually boil it. That being said, it is very very possible in a fire this hot. Consider that a boiler with a flame the size of a small car can bring water to boiling in 15 minutes or so. Now imagine the fire is the size of a building bearing down on you. If it gets close enough, or radiates through something enough (plumbing), it could boil water fairly easily. Source: I boil things for a living.
Uh, sure it is. The Iran you can't trust that is sloppy AF. Where have you been?
Iranian state lies as much as Trump, they just don't get as much air time here. Now I wonder if this was actually unintentional too.
"we feel you" - America
Sharks are pretty basic beings. "something touch am attack?" "uncormfortable" "moving, is thing food" "image does not match food.jpg" "meh, find more food"
Iowa is the first primary state and the center of ethanol and HFCS. That being said I've worked in a factory that uses cane sugar.....we made it into a syrup lol. There is a slight difference in taste from cane/beet sugar to HFCS but not super shocking honestly.
Yep, US soda is typically high 30s low-mid 40s g sugar per 12 once can. You have to search in stores for the "low sugar" brands that are closer to what you are used to.
I'm not convinced fires would stop the bastards, and we have too much rain here for it to do much. We have over 1,000 wildfires a year on average, and they each only get through an average of 2 acres of forest. and most of those are in the pine barrens which are..... well barren.
Died a hero. Stay safe over there guys. Wishing you the best from the States.
pete is gonna get slaughtered in the south though.
This story is even better than the gif, and that is hard to do, bravo.
Even with air you can die from air pollution in a horrible fashion. [the great smog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Smog_of_London) For those not curious enough to click, nearly 12,000 Londoners died in 1952 to smog. Smog is NOx, which when you breath turns into nitric acid, which burns and damages your lungs. Enough damage, you die while slowly suffocating due to reduced lung capacity.
Usually mean bad weather to the west.
We actually have quite a bit here in the states in our ocean, they are removing it bit by bit.
What is more is that the germans put whistles on them to produce fear.
I thought I ate a lot until I worked with a man we named "seagull" because he would pick at anything around. I watched the guy eat over 5 lbs of grilled chicken in one sitting and that was his breakfast. A lot of it had to do with our job. I came into there weighing 235 pounds. 2 months later I weighed 200, and I was drinking a 2 liter soda, eating a 12 inch hoagie, and having a full dinner every night. If I did that now I would blow up like a balloon.
You would be surprised how easy it is to fall into it. I've buried enough friends or watched them go to jail because of it. But I don't fault you at all. You almost have to treat them like a sick animal. You feel bad for them, but you can't let them just run amok.
Interesting point. I've never met anyone who is a functional meth addict, and I've actually met functional heroin addicts.
You have to rake the forests, our orange leader over here told us so, it must be the same for you, except upside down.
&gt; TL:DR Iran is not United States where only Los Angeles is progressive. And NYC, Chicago, Seattle, Portland, Baltimore, San Francisco, Boston, Miami, Austin, Denver, San Diego, .....
Wear a heavy poofy winter coat, make sure the back goes low, like below your ass. That way, if you fall like this guy did, you have a cushion to not shatter your tailbone. And remember to tuck your neck so you don't smash yer head.
A classic. Reposted at least once a week, but never gets old.
On another forum, people are already labeling this guy as a "major Clinton donor"
If it makes you feel less irrational, I was on a ride that was basically a claw of seats and spun around and went upside, when the shoulder restraint came undone. So I had to hang on to it for dear life while the ride spun me in a circles, and spun me upside down, 20 feet above a diamond plate floor.
When I looked, this was the 5th largest bushfire in Australian history, and all the others were withing the last 45 years too, the largest being in 74/75. So whole this one might not be extreme compared to some past ones, the rate of these record fires seems to be piling up.
Unfortunately i was not safe at all, no belt, and the shoulder restraint kept getting looser. It was actually, open by time it ended, like I could have slipped out.
Also the Tetons, and/or glacier park.
My mother couldn't retire because my father has a rare condition and she needed the health coverage. What is terrifying is that after she retires, they could still choose to rip it out from under her. I get a subsidy towards my retirement healthcare that builds with years worked. I lose out on building that if I leave my job. And the amount my company pays for healthcare is sickening. They send us the details. It is brutal how much they are paying for my shitty healthcare, where I still shell out 140 bucks to see a doctor about a sniffle.
It isn't socialism even, its just mixed economy.
I've heard one canadian compare living next to us is like being a mouse living next to an elephant. The elephant and you might get along great, but you have to be pretty weary of where the elephant puts its feet.
sounds like most religions. Source: was catholic.
should have given him a Russia version.
I mean, if you lie so much they have to track it and use gumballs to represent them in a way that won't bankrupt a producer, it isn't unreasonable for most folks to just assume you are lying about, well, everything. The boy who cried wolf.
Well, I mean, he doesn't care. Those people aren't Donald Trump.
No he just doesn't care about them, or well most people. They aren't Donald Trump. He only cares about himself and some of his children.
They are. The larger and the more rural the Walmart, the more flavorful it gets. You can also always go to [people of walmart](https://www.peopleofwalmart.com/) to see all of its glory.
I mean, I could imagine it being a real annoyance to someone working long shifts, just finally getting asleep and getting woken up in the dead of night by a bunch of kids. But then again I was a kid once and like many have said here, they would just get a bunch of cursing from me, maybe a minor prank back if I knew who they were.
Each individual thing to some degree, but life won't be extinguished that easily. While we lack the capacity to destroy all life with global warming (at least without deliberate and extreme effort), the sun doesn't. Within about 800 million years, the sun's growth will make the outdoors uninhabitable for humans. by about 2.8 Billion years, even microbes won't be able to survive. sometime between those 2 points, it is likely that even advanced environmental controls won't be able to sustain us in enclosed environments, as we would be constantly battling ever increasing temperatures. We are near the edge of where the sun is predicted to expand to, so even if we burrowed into the ground the sun may swallow us, and even then we are likely to have everything but the core stripped away before the sun starts to collapse. Sometimes in the next few million years, we will really need to get moving into the stars, and honestly, after looking at all the celestial anomalies that can wipe out whole planets, we should be gearing up for space right now.
Yeah that isn't what they are demanding. Many want a mixed economy like the nordic nations, and/or a return to the regulated capitalism we used to have before the rich started gobbling up all the wealth and gradually turning us into a third world hellhole where taking the wrong ambulance to the wrong hospital can bankrupt you. I don't know where you get the Jewel of south america from either, it was never that. It had some of its hardest years just before Chavez took office, including hitting 100% inflation. Chavez's administration was shaky, primarily in their centralizing most of the country's economy on oil, but was nothing compared to the trainwreck Maduro has drove.
You might want to make a slightly more robust argument. While we might be able to cause an absolutely massive cataclysm, we lack the capability to casually end all life on earth. Even deliberately, it would be difficult for us and require a coordinated effort just to attempt. What won't take much effort is that the passage of time will eventually erase of from the planet naturally if we don't disperse. Right now there are celestial events that could wipe us out that we can't even detect approaching. Space exploration should be a high priority for our species.
Funny you should say that when we currently have a president who quotes Mussolini.
And yet in the same article: &gt; profound tolerance to the diuretic and other effects of caffeine develops, however, and the actions are much diminished in individuals who regularly consume tea or coffee. Which implies there is a diuretic effect. My colon would also like to have word with you.
"this is madness, I should be getting a pot of gold instead, it is in the rules!"
You introduced me to something amazing today.
Do emergency service typically roll out in full tyvex? Around here they just wear normal uniforms.
The point is, that perhaps if they are doing that, maybe it isn't so much scare mongering and an actual significant health issue.
combine this with a bier garden, a pizza shop, and an arcade and I don't know how long it would take me to leave.
I see your point but disagree. I don't see dozens of people in NYC collapsing every day like in the middle of the day.
And to recap, in less than 24 hours since the poster talking about how slow it is spreading, it has infected 50% more people and killed over 400% more people including a young healthy male. I don't know that this is gonna be something truly massive, but it warrants serious concern. Saying that it has killed less than the cold is something of a misnomer. This is a new virus just starting to spread, the cold, and the much more deadly flu, have been around for ages and had time to spread globally. While this might (and hopefully will) turn into a nothingburger, its current trajectory is concerning, to say the least.
These animals are actually incredibly like us, Orangutans are pretty damn close to us on the evolutionary chain, with only gorillas and chimps being closer. Our common ancestor was ~16 million years ago, which by the standards of evolutionary history, is relatively short for large mammals.
These falcons are terrifying if you get near their nests. There was one at a power plant at my father's work, and it was dive bombing workers who were suspended from a harness doing work on a stack. They are insanely fast and have razor sharp talons.
Just remember that most primate are extremely strong. Not only are they more fit from being wild (or mostly wild), but their bodies are set up for a lot more pulling, crushing power than ours, and they can be deceptively strong. The trade off is that we have better balance and an extraordinary ability to throw. It is actually hard to understate our capability in this regard. While many primates can "shotgun" toss or lob objects (such as their feces), we can pinpoint hurl objects with lethal results at nearly a magnitude greater than they could even hope to strike a target, let alone kill it. In essense, Man is the only creature that can reliably kill you from greater than 6 feet outside its maximum reach. It is considered to be one of the key evolutionary traits that led to our domination of the planet.
Why would you be filming yourself opening a bottle of jack with one hand?
They will be required to spit into the mouth of at least one person afterwards as well.
Did you tell her it was too late?
It's the rules, you gotta keep unloading if you're clean. If you stop, they know you did something.
to put this in perspective, 2 days ago it was 500 infected and 6 dead. Even if the numbers aren't horrificly fudged, the response from China shows they know this is fucked, and that those numbers will continue to skyrocket.
well, reddit wasn't very popular in 2009. more people were on Digg, and I haven't even met a person who visited that site.
the problem is the known fatality rate on this is well over a magnitude higher than the flu, and it has a 2 week incubation. If it spreads to even a fraction of the population of the world, it could quickly surpass the body count the flu leaves behind. And that is before possible mutations.
yes. DC is a one party recording law jurisdiction. you do not need anyone else's consent to record a conversation you are party to.
And we pour a lot of resources into fighting cancer. Cancer isn't transmitted like a virus, and doesn't spread at an exponential rate.
A lot. It is Chinese new year. China makes over a trillion dollars annually from tourism, it makes up over a tenth of their GDP.
I mean, heart disease is pretty much the most common killer. And we expend a lot of resources on that. Again though, this is not something that spreads exponentially like a virus.
Yeah, thing is wildfires and withdrawing from the brexit aren't things we can do anything about. You can take steps to protect yourself against an epidemic.
my god that's awful, to lose not only their father/husband, but one of their sisters/daughters at the same time.
I vote, but that's about all I can do. I can't stop brexit from across an ocean, and all I can do for the Aussies is some financial aid.
Just going to the doctor for a cold costs me 140 out of pocket, and that's with 20k worth of insurance a year. Going to a hospital, I don't even want to think about it. And then there are the predatory ambulances.
https://nypost.com/2020/01/24/coronavirus-outbreak-video-shows-dead-bodies-in-halls-of-china-hospital/ Excuse the crappy music, but I can't find the original post of it.
And the flu is an ancient disease that has had time to spread globally. This is new. If it spread to the world at current fatality rates it would drop over 200 million people.
&gt; China would not shut down a zone of 56 million people on Chinese New Year, losing literally hundreds of billions of dollars, over a few sniffles. I've been saying this for days and people act like I'm chicken little. I'm not saying to panic, I'm just saying a bit of preparation, or at minimum keeping an eye on the news is a good idea, along with maybe wearing a mask if you are heading to international hotspots.
and that's what needs to be done if kids are around.
I'm having a hard time imagining wearing a gun into someone else's home. my reflex would be to take the gun off, just like I would at home, but then what if someone (namely a kid) picks it up and hurts themselves or others? If I keep it on me, that's almost certainly more dangerous than not having it on me. I would just lock it up in my car.
it is the people who bring up guns every moment they can. Ive had a few awkward moments at my jobs where a vendor or new go will go on about something crazy like this and get shot down, and get all pissy "you damn gungrabbers" only to find out that most of us own guns, and even those who dont support gun rights. We just also support not being braindead with them.
Honestly being off by a magnitude sounds right. Between information suppression and a lag in reporting, it is very easy to believe it is off by this amount. the number of reported deaths has increased by over a magnitude in 4 days, and reported cases has increased over fivefold in the same period. eventually it will plateau and drop off, but the question is how much damage it causes before then.
that is what is really amazing. over half of people don't just want a trial, they believe the evidence already known is enough he should be removed.
same here which is why I asked for a paper ballot last election
sorry, my state doesn't get to vote until it's over. Yay electoral college?
Making 100k is far above the norm. And it conveys a lot of advantages to your kid that many others didn't have.
No shit, but that isn't the norm. Not the income and knowledge you had to pass on to him. Not everyone is born with the advantages he had. Not to mention the predatory lending services and sham colleges that have milked so many.
I'm going to believe these folks were trolling these polls, mainly for my own sanity.
Man, it just ticked up to 107 now.
i witnessed 2 separate occasions on the Klondike highway of people getting out of their cars and walking away from them to take pictures up close of grizzly cubs. I just kept driving. Note had these dumb fucks been attacked they were well over 50 miles from the nearest town.
In roughly 3 seconds my old dog would have just eaten the whole thing, like the one time we got it a cup of ice cream.
Often a disease or parasite will not want to kill its host so that it can spread, the problem is when the killing becomes the vector. For instance making a creature suicidal so that it will be eaten and the parasite more able to spread.
There is also a massive undercount of the dead.
The fucked up thing is that if instead of jumping on you like that, if they encouraged you and gave you resources towards making that hobby a new job, they could have dropped you off benefits since you would have had a new career.
Can't count as deaths if the CCP doesn't count them as human. *taps forehead*
Depends on the virus, but often it may not, as purrell is only 70% alcohol.
I feel like the beer is a bigger threat to us.
Does the camera man control fucking gravity? because he gives some pretty steady shots of this madness.
a 23 year old. This doesn't inspire confidence.
&gt; I have cough, give it to me straight, am I going to die? twice, maybe 3 times.
yes there has only been this one death outside china thus far.
If you want something good that is vegan, i would recommend Chocolate mousse if you can find it. Be advised it doesn't taste like chocolate mousse, instead it has a pretty unique taste, akin to chocolate pudding. They replace the lactose with soy. It's delicious.
Honestly I can't really get into the fake meat stuff. But the more options for folks the better.
During a solar eclipse.
Yes, very busy honestly. I didn't understand it when they had so many better options. I would stab Colonel Sanders in the face to get a Popeye's in my area.
No one suspects the butterfly!
Flaming out because people gave them thorough attention, treatment and prevention. It is almost like people were scared of them or their loved ones dying from a virus and took steps to stop it. Ebola is still out there, it has had more than one outbreak and while not highly infectious, kills well over half the people infected. People were very right to be afraid of that virus. MERS killed 36% of the infected. Thing is none of these viruses spread as fast or as far as this one has, nor did they face the sheer level of quarantine or preventative measures being taken. This is a highly contagious disease, with a decently long incubation period that can transmit both before symptoms have started, and after they have finished. This is making it very hard to contain. While we have a lot more measures in place, there is still the very real possibility of this blowing up worldwide, and it taking a considerable toll on us. If you are young, don't have elderly family/friends, and live in a more rural area like me, it isn't too much to be concerned about. But if you do have elderly family/friends, and live in a more internationally traveled area, it could become a concern very fast and you should keep tabs on it.
I would not panic. just keep an eye on it, and take preventative measures (wearing a mask/goggles, refrain from going outdoors if unnecessary) if you are in an affected area. This has only killed 2 young people to date, it primarily has affected the elderly. Odds are if you get it, the worst you are looking at is a very nasty cold. Be more concerned with elderly family/friends than yourself (assuming you are not elderly yourself)
I mean it actually is a cold virus. But so is MERS. "glorified cold virus" is significant, considering how many people die from colds already. if you get a more infectious and more lethsl cold rampant in the world, it will be quite unfun for a lot of people.
can we do utility power next? 120v is silly.
"grandpa, how did the 2020 riots end?" "Everyone was laughing so hard at this dude getting plowed by a dumpster we forgot why we were mad" "Was that before the aliens landed?" "Yes, Hail Kang!"
Try using skim milk in a warm bowl, apply it the cat droppings and then scoop them into the bowl. it greatly improves the taste.
My father can claim this and I've been yelling at him to. I wish I could :(
It will be the same. We've had plenty of plagues before. Generally speaking, 2-4 years of shit and then it calms down/we find a vaccine and/or treatment.
If that is a reference to the minnesota order, you aren't allowed on your porch, its just that they didn't explicitly name porches as being public spaces, because that somehow slipped whoever wrote the order's mind. Since it is accessible to the public, it counts as a public space. But they put a catch all phrase in the order. TL:DR you aren't allowed on your porch, don't try it, fuck whoever wrote the order.
Keep your ID, registration, and insurance card, in your visor, so you don't have to open a compartment or go into your pockets to get them. Wear the whitest as polo shirt you can. A work badge if you have one helps too. Sorry you have to deal with this shit.
I've gotten this in a fortune cookie before.
Next time, just quickly burrito her in the blanket to cover your get away.
I used to have a cat named Satan, you learn all kinds of survival tactics when dealing with a 16 lbs ball of insanity.
I was actually going to say kind of the opposite, not that the value per dollar is bad, but man, you get what you pay for. Get spoiled with all the high def stuff out there.
a significant portion of nad things invovling police involve those who administer for them. a large part of what people are protesting about is needed changes to that. police are trained to believe everything is a damn war, instead of them being a peace officer. they are trained to shoot first, or at least early in many situations. they are sometimes understaffed and ill equipped to carry out peaceful recourse with accountability. It is hard to fire the bad cops, and they often get rehired by other police forces. There need to be a national certification required o be a cop or security, so that if a cop is fired, it can be revoked and that person can never be a cop again. bodycams need to be required by law, and if there is no footage, any testimony by the police is inadmissible, its their word against others. There needs to be a civilian review board to view bodycam footage and tevole that certification i talked about ealier, if abuses are found. there is more but this is a start.
Do it again, just so I can see the mental gymnastic olympics
25% unemployed and the rest will have no healthcare and with 7 digit care bills if they get covid.
"history doesn't repeat itself, but it sure likes to rhyme"
They won't wipe themselves out, just cull themselves down to a population that can sustain themselves on the food that is available. Then when we hit the subways again, they will breed like nuts as food becomes plentiful.
Remember the time a man was eating ice cream in his apartment watching TV and was shot and murdered by a police officer that walked into it mistakenly ?
"they are the biggest gang in the US" - former cop and prison guard I worked with. The force he left was so corrupt that not too long after he left, the state police had to take over because so many cops got busted, they essentially shut the force down. He left because he didn't feel comfortable bribing his way into a promotion, which was apparently how it worked.
probably already happened, its been a few hours
One of my coworkers: I'm amazed these people would protest like this, they are going to get hurt or maybe even killed. Me: they already are being killed. You think they should just go about their business until one of those cops decides to sit on their neck until they die for no real reason?
Hunger will definitely lead to more riots. Violent riots. These have been kid's games so far. I'm talking the potential for people openly packing and shooting at cops. I'm talking bombs being planted and thrown. When people start to starve, they will lash out, not in a mild, mostly vocal, or minor physical altercation way, but in a "you are killing me right now, I'm going to kill you if you don't fucking stop"
Hyperbole, I think, but he's definitely trying to take the crown.
honestly that would have been easy at one point. ive been watching this since january and given folks numbers to compare it to. the biggest point was when it passed suicides in annual deaths. suicides is the #10 annual cause of death in America, and thats with combining some other causes into single ones (flu is combined with pneumonia, all accidents are lumped together, etc). being in the top 10 signaled that this wasn't a minor event, that it noticeably impacted our number of dead and that many other events that produced so many fatalities would have produced a much more severe response. based on 2017 data, covid is poised to be the #7 cause of death for the year... and it is just june. at current pace, bt August, it will be #6. barring a miracle vaccine or a massive spike in the fall, it will likely end up being the #3 cause of death for 2020, adding another 20-25% dead to our usual number. while most were older, not many were on death's door before this and would have lived an average of 10 years beyond what covid le5 them, and so a drop in fatalities in the coming years from a "culling" effect is unlikely to be large, again, provided things don't go totally bonkers this fall.
guys, while we appreciate the support, please don't fuck your country up over how bad our cops are.
&gt;However, "by design" implies that there is a cabal of rich people in hooded robes intentionally making these things exist. That isn't the case. The real explanation is much more simple than an intentional conspiracy to keep the working class down - it's just money. [some of it is by design or at least being planned for](https://onezero.medium.com/survival-of-the-richest-9ef6cddd0cc1)
To truly reenact it, they would need 3 people with no invested interest in the persons well being to kneel on them in the same manner as they did to Floyd, and they would have to be relatively large people. I volunteer for neck kneeler :P
I've generally been the same way, but have a thin blue line sticker to avoid tickets that a former cop is worked with gave me. I've considered tearing it off recently out of disgust.
if you do get an out of state ticket, pay it immediately online and often it won't go into the database. This seems to be a feature and not a bug.
I've sat in a court room and watched a judge enforce a 41 in a 40 ticket.
shit, same here I think. I think Bart only had a year on me.
people are starting to say fuck it in NJ, you know the state with over 12,000 deaths.....
compliance was high in public spaces, but lots of folks went and had parties in fields and in the woods by me (NW NJ). masks were rare at first and then everyone had them. now people are starting to ditch them, though the vast bulk (90+%) are still complying so far.
And politics in general, as nasty as it is now, still isn't up to where it was around the civil war period. hell, we had a president shoot a man and kill him over insulting his wife, and he let himself be shot so he had more time to aim for the kill.
I've worked with COs that are definitely considered cops, especially by LEOs they interact with.
by the look of it he would have ate himself out of business. Imagine being a bike cop and being that out of shape.
But he's not the only officer Bologna. [there is also Tony Bologna](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/anthony-bologna-nypd-officer_n_983708?guccounter=1&amp;guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&amp;guce_referrer_sig=AQAAALabsOmEVN4q_KuhlSROu5UQ54q3rZCvGpgqeQ-U2asKVMOBhMK9sJExhx9BWRVNvmRZjFkpQ0u3ZSAqaHaCiIGXa6R3pG80qYTK-dczwaapWva4jXHBHn6wzYtfWjcQmpEC0ZsUQ9Iud3RM-GLhAGzA1RZFNCYUjB5V_Kzk75IA)
He's not the first. There was also an officer Tony Bologna in NYC.
A decent number, but last I checked elderly folks were people too. Sister's friend lost a 40 year old friend to Covid, the young aren't immune.
Summer won't last forever, people are literally killing others to not wear masks. Regardless of what happens in november, federal leadership will not change hands, so we essentially have none. the virus is lurking in natural reservoirs in every corner of the country. we have barely even started summer yet and are already over 112k, and that is only confirmed, the real number is much higher. Basically to avoid my prediction we have to prepare and execute by august. I have no faith in our nation to do this whatsoever. I just got done yesterday talking to a mechanic who has worn a mask all of once, because they threatened to kick him out and he didn't cover his nose. This is in NJ, the second hardest hit state, in a county with a higher death rate than Italy. If we can barely get our shit together here, it will be a mess elsewhere.
I'm from NJ and that's pretty hefty for here. your view may be skewed after Chris Christie, The Outlaw Jersey Whale.
any evidence of crime being affect? Oakland is one of the worst cities in the US
its also shit to work with and much more dangerous. you have to atomize fuel to burn it. for NG, thats just pushing it through a nozzle. same for oil, but the nozzle tends to clog and you need a blower. for coal you have to break up chunks into a fine, highly combustible powder, usually with large reciprocating hammer or a tube of massive ball bearings. its super fun when this whole process decides to explode.
this will start as early as late August. the decrease in sun intensity and duration will allow the virus to persist outside for longer.
yeah this is a bad move. the cop made reasonable decisions and she be reinstated. incidents like this should be examine to see where things could be done better, but the cops shouldn't be crucified for reasonable decisions.
likely only up to 2 years, barring vaccine or significant mutation.
Lived in Warren County nearly my whole life. Oxford is the running joke of our county. until about 3 years ago, googling the town brought up a picture of KKK members under the town's welcome sign. Lots of stars and bars still in that town.
NJ is a great state to work in, just plan on retiring elsewhere.
that's not true. police are allowed to use lethal force against those attempting to flee who is suspected of a felony, and there is probable cause to believe the suspect presents a threat of physical harm to someone. if you shoot at someone, and turn and flee with gun in hand, a cop can shoot you dead.
he shot a taser at a cop. A cop who didn't wrong him. that's pretty good cause. If he's willing to do that to evade arrest, what else is he going to do? Anyone willing to use a weapon against a cop making a lawful and completely nonviolent arrest qualifies.
the head for the state, but actually he was in Washington. I only know this because an ex-friend of mine introduced me to him, hence the ex part in friend. sad really, dude went off the deep end and I couldn't pull him back.
yep. these cops did everything by the book. if there is something that should have been done differently, that is on their training and current policy and procedure, not the cops themselves. you want to have a discussion about or outright change how things are done, sure. but don't crucify cops actually doing their jobs. save that for the fucking murderers and thugs like that shithead Chauvin.
no, but they are law officers tasked with protecting the populace and upholding order. their actions were justified. don't steal a cops weapon and shoot it at him, don't get shot yourself. this isn't hard to fucking do.
ah you are correct, I mixed those up.
this seems likely, regardless of what side, if any, he's on.
doesn't matter what their salary is, if they simply take in lots of "free speech" from lobbyists. this is one reason they and the president are paid a significant amount, in an effort to make them harder to bribe.
yeah a priest spit at the virus and everything!
not really. many cops aren't doing things by the book. they aren't attempting de-escalation, they are profiling people unfairly. they are using improper procedures. no where are you permitted or instructed to have 4 officers kneel on a man for nearly 9 minutes while he dies.
it is. a suspected felon may be met with lethal force when they are fleeing if the officer has probable cause for them to be a physical threat to the officers or others.
you make it sound hard to catch a guy breaking the law on camera 5 feet from a police car.. hope you aren't a cop cuz you would be shit at it.
I feel the way I feel about cops after watching them in action, such as when. they were the drug dealers in my town. Our current force is pretty good, because they finally got busted and had to hire nearly a whole new force.
They did wrestle him, that's how he got the taser in the first place.
I mean it was his taser. But cops are trained to the point where a lot of things are going to be nearly automatic. Ranged weapon pointed and discharged at me or an officer = fire gun. If you want cops to do something different, train them to do something different, because heat of the moment, they are going to fall back on what they were taught to do in combat situation.
Police ARE the help. Your idea is insanely infeasible in a country with more guns than pets.
So you are going to let an armed criminal go while the cops run to their stations to get guns, but that's only if the criminal doesn't just gun them down first. That's completely bonkers. How about we train our police better and hold them to better standards instead of making them toothless.
He's fathered about 800 kids.
Don't have to watch the news. I've met more than my fair share of klansmen, seen cops selling drugs to kids, watched a man assault a women 5 feet from a cop and the cop do nothing, had to chase away people trying to rob an old lady, watched a kid get thrown head first into a concrete wall by someone who didn't even go to the school, had a pedophile priest shuffled through my church, had another priest from the same church embezzle close to half a million dollars, had a guy drive up onto someone's lawn and stab them to death in the chest about a block from me.... the list goes on. People are shit, or at least shit enough to take preventive measures to make sure you aren't on the receiving end of their shitness.
It's really frustrating when you are from NJ, and seen how a delayed response can turn out, but the south has had ample time to see what happened here, there really isn't an excuse.
It's basically a restructuring. There are a lot of things better addressed by mental health professionals than police. We've pushed police into a role they aren't trained for, and the result is a lot of dead people with mental health problems. A lot of this has to do with the closing of mental health facilities and pushing the former patients onto the street.
You know, after leaving a massive body count.
Also they recite cereal names while being lightly punched in a circle of their "peers".
Depending on where you go, you will probably be alright *offer not valid in Arizona, Texas, Georgia or Florida*
Masks are mandatory here too, but some towns say fuck it all. They also have been running barber shops and bars despite those both being banned (though the former is about to lift.)
I love Banff, and would greatly appreciate it if my fellow countrymen would not go up to Canada to goober it all up.
Wait, is that 140k on top of the 116k confirmed?
To put it another way, .8% of America dies every year roughly. So .1% is over a 12% of the normal yearly deaths. that would make it the #3 cause of deaths at that point. Cancer and heart disease (#2 and #1 causes respectively) are so common, they make up about as many deaths as every other source combined, or half of total deaths.
It isn't confusing when you look at who was in Trump's cabinet in the past. (hint, check out Small Business Administration's former leaders)
Should be noted he was recently drop kicked by an unruly man.... the dude bounced off Arnold, and Arnold thought the crowd has just jostled him. He's probably the most in shape I've ever seen a 70+ year old be.
We are a federalist state, which means are states have enough authority in the matter that they can tell the federal government to pound sand. Governors have a quite a bit of power here.
us technically has no official language, all education is run state by state, most Healthcare is as well. the 10th amendment is the big deal with the states which essentially states "unless the constitution gives the power to congress/federal government, the powers by default rest with the states"
they essentially replaced the police force in my town, save 2 officers (who we are pretty sure rated the others out) because they were selling drugs among other things. force now is pretty great actually.
NW jersey, never heard what happened to the ex police, but the median age of the cops basically dropped to around 25 right after. My father used to ride his motorcycle with one of the new cops, seemed like a pretty straight shooter (my father is not especially trusting of cops either)
we have a bit if heard immunity here in the NYC/NJ area. just ignore those trucks, they are full of, uh the aurora borealis, yeah that's it.
She was spot on. It isn't a coincidence that so many of his supporters also fly a racist flag of traitors too.
Those numbers are nuts. Either the counter protesters are from out of town, or that whole city is fucking garbage.
Funny thing is, if you hit that cowardly little cunt half as hard as he hit you, he probably would have folded like a lawn chair. Not just taking that punch, but making a point of standing tall there afterwards. Major respect man.
the deep south in general is pretty shit from my experience and family I've had live there. Georgia seems to be the best of the 4. I'm not sure who is the worst, since the other 3 are so fucking depressing.
we need to start a gofundme to have this statue made, with this post as the quote on a plaque. It would be a fitting memorial to 2020.
I knew it would happen after Jefferson. Washington, while a great leader, did some absolutely horrific shit to natives. Some of them nicknamed him "the town destroyer". He lead the obliteration of entire native nations. Ad others have stated though, the statues of Washington aren't to honor his genocidal tendencies, nut his part in founding the nation. Jefferson's monument is profoundly self aware, having a quote dealing with how the past is often seen is barbaric.
I mean honestly I could see it stopping with monuments to slavery, racism, and treason. Washington and jefferson's statues are not about any of those 3 things. placing a Washington statue on an Indian burial ground, or a statue of Jefferson with his slaves would be a different matter. the confederate statues were 1. statues of literal traitors. 2. put up with the purpose of reinforcing white power.
Should of been here in NJ when we had weeks of &gt;40% positives. Good times, totally cool...we didn't need those 13,000 or so people. Hopefully florida doesn't get to that point, but I'm not optimistic.
In March I predicted 600k US deaths by the end of 2020. This was a combination of infection rates, death rates, and banking on people being pants on head foolish. People scoffed at those numbers here and in real life in early march. They told me it would never pass 50k. then 60k. Then 100k. Now folks have been saying it will never bust 300k. Wear your masks and prove me wrong you animals.
Also the vast majority of the protesters are wearing masks. The counter protesters on the other hand.......
I've seen one eat a squirrel. Picked him up by his tail, took him into a tree, and straight up murdered it. The seamless way he did it was scary. As he brought it to the branch, he positioned it so he would land on its body so it was at his mercy.
Yeah....equating full grown adults toddlers, I'm gonna hard pass on that.
You don't even have to hunker down. Hindsight is 20/20 and pandemics like this are pretty rare but basically: 1. Stay outside if outside your own home 2. Wear a mask whenever possible. 3. stay in your house if night time. We could have had a lot of stuff still running, just outdoors if cities/states could plan anything, and if people could follow a few simple fucking rules.
Yeah, this causes me great concern, and I work in power generation....
the clip is like 15 seconds. its relatively easy to hold you breath for around 2 minutes. The longest breath held is over 22 minutes.
10 min would be hard I think, but i have breathing issues (asthmatic cough, several allergies). You are pretty young though, so should be able to get up to 4-6 min pretty easily (I could probably pass 4 min and I'm nearly 40 now). If you really want to do stuff like this, there are probably professionals that could give you better directions on how to achieve it. Just remember one thing: DO NOT PRACTICE ALONE. Shit can go wrong, you can start to drown etc. You do not want to happen with no one else to help you. Always have someone more capable than yourself, or with equipment that makes them so (scuba, etc) when you are doing this kind of thing.
Ah yes, the sovcits, don't humor them, they are dangerous, call the police, be armed if necessary. Some of those folks are batshit crazy.
It is especially terrible since I'm 90+% sure I've had Covid already. This shit is to protect them.
someone better at diving/swimming, could be a friend. basically it needs to be someone that can get to you underwater, and get you out, without drowning themselves.
Murderface agrees.
They shot and killed him because he attacked them with a weapon and was fleeing with it.
I've never seen so many people immediately rally behind a drunk driver who assaulted people with a weapon. Could the cop have not shot him? yes. Would I have shot him in the cops position? Unknown, I would like to think no but as I've stated before, when you are in a physical altercation, you aren't thinking calmly, you fall back on muscle memory and training. If that training says to neutralize the threat with lethal force, that is what you are going to do. And what is good for the goose if good for the gander, cops can't just go running into people's houses during no knock raids and then complain when a homeowner defends themselves.
It has been classified as a dangerous weapon, legally, that justifies the shooting.
Cops don't have to tell you that you are being arrested to handcuff or detain you.
Police training is a major problem in the US, just look at the warrior training that the murders who killed Floyd had.
"they all float down here.....except....except for that guy, even I don't go down there"
You have some of this incorrect. 1 officer went to deal with a man sleeping in a car in a line at a drive thru. He woke the man up, call in back up to conduct a sobriety test. Sat and talked to the man. Another officer showed up and conducted the sobriety test, the man failed. He took a breathalyzer, failed. Officer said, "I think you have had too much to drink tonight, please put your hands behind your back for me", and proceeded to begin to handcuff him. the man then proceeded to assault the officers and attempt to flee. In the struggle he managed to get one of the officers tasers. As he was running, he turned and discharged the taser at one of the officers. The officer, taking this as a threat upon himself, shot the man.
You wouldn't be afraid after a man attacked you and then as you chased him, he pointed and discharged a weapon at you? I'm gonna call bullshit on that.
&gt; picture someone you love. When it is okay for the police to kill them? In this case it would be okay for them to kill them, legally and procedure wise. Obviously I would be upset, anyone would, but I would take it up with the people doing the training and the laws. I would not put it on the cop after seeing the footage and how they handled it.
And cops aren't super human robots immune to feelings of self preservation.
That sucks. We had cops harass us as kids, but we weren't the best kids so understandable. But they were also selling drugs... Eventually they got busted and the new police force has seemed great. But that's the problem with cops. Just like how they talk about being scared when they pull someone over because they don't know what they are dealing with, that's how I feel. Am I dealing with a professional cop who is just trying to address something I did or he thinks I did? Or am I getting a roided up asshole itching to hurt someone? I can't even imagine how much that fear is amped up as a black person.
That last one has my fucking sides in orbit.
This isn't just a regular asshole. All of us can be regular assholes from time to time. "assholes" in general are assholes a lot. This is premeditated weapons grade asshole. Think of the effort you have to go to in order to make a shit sandwich just to "prank" a homeless man, or to spread fake shit over a women's toilet.
Yeah, no dog. That is not the goal of the protesters. There is probably a fringe group someone in there that might believe that, but the vast bulk of the protesters would turn on them just as fast.
He hates the right people for them.
IDK if it was multi-thousands, but there are several pictures of him in significant sized crowd, which is pretty good all things considered.
There are quite a few folks just north of AC who don't wear masks, even some store owners in the 70s selling masks who don't wear one themselves.
I worked with a former prison guard who left the force because he wasn't comfortable with having to bribe his way to a promotion, let alone all the other shit they got up to.
So funny story from my father's high school days. He went to a catholic school and for a dance they wanted a Christian band, so they managed to get a rising band with what they thought was a Christian name....Black Sabbath. Needless to say, the kids were happy, many of the school officials, not so much.
Also part of their success was built on the political statements of their songs... you know for those of us that actually listened to and/or read the lyrics.
Holy shit, almost none of them wearing masks and they are hanging off each other. At least the vast majority of protesters wear masks.
More like 35,000 ish, but proportionally, canada has about 2/3 the death rate.
&gt; Or is that rock'n'roll is the music of the devil ? This. Catholic schools tend to be pretty high strung or were at the time.
I mean, quite a few of us do. We even had a candidate who did, but people decided to go the more moderate route.
"with the way you folks spell, my job will be secure forever, not even a computer can translate your brain diarrhea".
ah yes, so forgotten that I still regularly hear quotes from his movies.
daywalkers.
&gt;people per capita do you smell toast?
Especially frustrating because [chicago has a page dedicated to its murders with data on it](https://heyjackass.com/) Murder in chicago has trended down since 1992.
Oh yeah they do exist. This home built device will probably be hilarious.....until the cases start blooming.
this is the summer lull. 500-1000 deaths a day sounds bad until you realize we topped over 4k a day at peak and my state alone had 460 dead in one day. the lull is not a dead stop, due to how contagious covid is. it simply lowers a baseline transmission rate that gets multiplied by human actions and intervention. Thing is, we are already past the solstice. the days are already getting shorter. in less than a month average Temps start dropping too. this lull only has til late August before the weather starts favoring the virus considerably again. it could be a long fall and winter, and we are starting it off with the virus all over the place right from the get go.
the other issue I'm seeing is the heat of the day is pushing people to be active outside at night when the sun isn't doing its thing. the virus can survive on surfaces much more easily then.
we have 113 hospitals in my entire state and we have 9 million peole.
or my first time in 2000. Shoulda voted for manbearpig.
He can just say it right to your face because he wants the racism and wants it to kill the races he doesn't like. He will lie bold faced if it kills more minorities.
Sadly, this fall might show us what disaster really looks like if we don't keep our shit together.
110 CM would be absolutely devastating. My parents retirement town would be underwater every high tide, the entire marsh system there is gone on your map. The issue is also that the damage is essentially exponential for the first few feet. 2.5% of the US population lives within 5 meters of sea level. Climate change also lasts long after we stop. It has been estimated that if we stopped ALL emissions now, it would take nearly 500 years for the earth's temperature to normalize. And the time to slow down, stop, or reverse the warming just keeps getting compounded every year we fail to do it.
If it was the plague we would just take some antibiotics and be fine. The plague is still around, people still get it. It's just very easy to treat. Flip it on its head. If this was the 1300s and covid appeared, it would have killed more than 10% of the population, and spread like wildfire. There would also be no vaccine for centuries. We are lucking out due to centuries of medical advances and technology.
usually that is something that happens, but not always. take smallpox. it ravaged the world for hundreds of years. smallpox was such a threat, that it is one of only 2 diseases we ever destroyed entirely (the other being rinderpest). Malaria is similar, though thankfully not contagious. malaria still kills 600k a year, as much as heart disease in the US. it is so bad, that it makes mosquitoes the most deadly animals to humans. We attempted to destroy malaria, but failed. Our second attempt appears to be imminent and is equally drastic (we used DDT in mass the first time). we have genetically altered mosquitoes to make them immune to malaria. the genes for this are dominant and eventually, all mosquitoes will be rendered immune.
there is also some strain being created because cops are attacking and fucking with EMTs during the protests. they are really trying hard to alienate the last few allies they have it seems. Hell, Breanna Taylor was an EMT.
the thin blue line would mean a lot more if the cops wouldn't defend the other police who cross it by becoming murderers and thugs.
there is a lot they could have done. one word: outdoors. barbershop, food, etc, put it outside. hell during the Spanish flu, SF had their courts outside. open up public areas and parking lots etc to businesses so people can have some semblembance of normality without murdering each other.
It wasn't even doing nothing. 2 other knelt on Floyd. Only 1 said something about they should roll him over or move him and Chauvin just said "no". Then the officer told him he couldn't find a pulse. Chauvin didn't move, and I didn't see that officer move. He had a pang of guilt but did nothing but say 2 words. Couldn't even be bothered to stop assisting in the murder.
I think he means it has been a democracy longer.
America: freedom! Many other countries: Hey good idea, Freedom! Many other countries: look, America, we did it! uhhhh, America? America: *backsliding into authoritarianism sound*
[it seems to](https://www.nbcnews.com/video/george-floyd-arrest-store-owner-says-he-told-employee-to-call-the-police-on-the-police-84060229914) The dude just wanted Floyd questioned and possibly arrested (assuming floyd new the bills were counterfeit), he didn't want the guy executed.
I'm betting 600k by year's end, have been since March. I should have put money on it the way things are going.
*shoots America in the face for daring to ask them to wear a mask*
bear in mind 2 things, 1 the confirmed numbers are low. 2 the fall has the potential to be much, much worse. the virus is everywhere now, and hiding in natural reservoirs. as the weather turns, if people aren't taking precautions, the number of cases will explode. combine this with the relatively lengthy incubation periods, and by time folks realize how bad it is, you are renting refrigerated trucks.
for reference, that would have been 22,000 for America (based on estimation of 2.2 million if no prevention methods were taken). we are over 5 times that number now.
[brawndo was actually made](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00183VES0/ref=cm_cr_arp_mb_bdcrb_top?ie=UTF8) was a short run though, don't think you can get it today.
I've had a dry cough for over 30 years (cough type asthma). it's mainly psychosomatic, so thinking about makes me cough. this has been a fun 3 months....
temporary icus and field hospitals, redirecting of new patients, transferring some patients to closes hospitals nearby, and if it gets way too bad, people getting back tagged and/or dying in the hallways.
yeah its not a great set of data, also remember its global. for the US I use the 2017 cdc data. Covid has just become the #6 cause of death in the US for the year. covid will be at least the #3 cause of death in 2020. there are so many uncounted cases we might already be there. covid would struggle to become the #1 or #2 cause because of how lopsided it is. heart disease and cancer are those causes and make up nearly half of all us deaths combined. it takes nearly 4 times as many deaths to go from #3 to #2. it only takes about 3 times the deaths to go from #10 to #3. essentially, covid will be the #3 killer in the us for 2020 unless shit goes drastically downhill.
the most fucked up thing is that my cough stays in overdrive for months after being sick, and it is likely I actually did have covid in February, so the insane cough I had was technically a result of covid, I just wasn't infected anymore.
NYC is actually already above italy in death rate, NJ too.
until they need one. Google "my abortion is the only moral abortion" that article was eye opening. anti-choice protestors would sneak in the back door, complain and harass the others getting treatment, saying how their circumstances were different, get their abortion, and go back to protesting right outside, sometimes the same day.
cmon guys,, don't you want large armed men to deal with someone having audacity to flail their arms? actual incident btw and they killed the guy.
yeah people were saying it was just a weird looking not for a pull rope. nah, that's a fucking noose. It wasn't directed at Bubba himself, but at a whole race when it was put up, excluding some stupid edgelord possibilities.
its common for a lot of doors. we have them all over the place in our factory. none of them are a noose though.
typo, meant to say "wasn't"
It was a typo dude, calm down.
It had been there 8 months. The noose itself was not directed at Bubba, but he's the only black driver and just happened to get assigned that area, which is somewhat suspicious. The making of the noose is less disturbing that it stayed there for 8 months. The FBI found evidence of this. So people were just cool with a noose being there for over half a year......
They didn't come from other states, generally speaking. Most of the protesters are local.
There would have to be actual proof.
Ah, brisk.
I mean of course [this is totally a new thing with nooses, right](https://d279m997dpfwgl.cloudfront.net/wp/2017/07/AP_390503034-400x522.jpg)
I like how people think a doctor's note means anything. ADA specifically doesn't cover this.
also in there: &gt;I didn't threaten anyone's life Yes you did, when you keep trying to spread this virus like an ignorant bitch.
You mean the police? or was that just in my town?
I mean, that's why I do it, and I'm white.
Could just send her boxes of masks.
If someone sees nothing but assholes, usually it means they are the asshole.
For those who haven't read, its a new swine flu strain, the same line of viruses that gave us the Spanish flu and swine flu outbreak of 2009. The good news is we would probably be able to vaccinate against it relatively quickly if it started to get out of hand.
Sick people already have issues. I'm having some kind of issue that I suspect is nerve related where it feels like something is stabbing me in the head. I'm already dreading the bills and I'm insured.
I've been in stores with no one masked but me and my father, and that's in a county in NJ with a higher death rate than Italy. It's getting worse here. back in my home county, compliance is falling. Walked into a small pizzeria, absolutely no masked employees, 2 out of 6 customers, no mask. 2 weeks ago everyone was masked.
LBJ did some good things, but he was a raging asshole. he actually used to make folks talk with him while he was taking a dump as a power move. having someone get up in your face and yell down at you was referred to as the "Johnson treatment" during his presidency.
I saw a woman with her back to the street take a photo of a bison literally 3 feet from its face. like closer than most people would be comfortable taking a photo. she lucked out in that she found a bison giving 0 fucks that day, but my whole family held our breath when she did it.
I've had to warn so many people not to fuck with rangers. think of them as friendly forest FBI.
the elk in Yellowstone throw people off a lot. they are huge, and most give ne heed to folks. I watched a kid nearly walk into one around a corner and jump, the elk never even reacted. at one point I saw one trying to get into a house. wild animals used to people are a little terrifying, because they act chill, but could go ham at any moment.
I don't know if they train beside them, but they are definitely the same authority level inside the parks. I've met some fairly hardass rangers, but never mean ones. They might be going excessively to the letter of the law, but as long as you follow the rules, they've been nothing but nice in my experience. Same with the coast guard, who has unusually insane levels of power, but doesn't abuse them. It's actually kind of scary how much power they can wield.
