This isnt nearly as bad, but a girl i was absolutely crazy in love with fucked a disgusting 40 year old creep (we were 18 at the time) after we broke up. Then she told me about it. The thought of that shithead grunting and sweating on top of her made me actually, physically sick. I had no idea a single mental image could do that. What you posted really flashed me back for a sec. This was almost 20 years ago. Doesnt bother me a bit now, but man it fucked with my head so hard back then.
The Babysitter. This is when you are sinking two deep collar grips (like in a mounted x choke) and you give a few quick, abrupt shakes to get under their chin. Ya know, like shaking a baby. So offensive its brilliant.
I admire your views and compassion, i really do. So i dont want you to take this personally. FUCK THEM ALL. Every single trump voting, shitheel, coal worker has lost my compassion. Their stubborn refusal to accept reality at the expense of the health of the nation was the final straw for me. I wont enjoy their suffering, but i am done giving a fuck.
Yes. We need to invest in companies like Tesla. GM dug its own grave a long time ago.
Ethanol subsidies are a prime example.
Stay busy. Find something engrossing that is healthy, lifting weights is amazing. Avoid alcohol and hard drugs, that path is the road to destruction. Set small goals: get through today. Get through tomorrow. Force myself to be social once a week. It was a process of me learning how to be kind to myself. I knew how to be kind to others, i never learned how to comfort myself until i was forced to out of necessity. Just do NOT give up. There is a light at the end of the tunnel you are in. The person who finally emerge will make you proud. I mean it: It gets better. Dont stop fighting for your own life.
Thanks. Exchanges like this are why i love reddit. In a random thread about porn, a few of us have managed to connect on something real and that is so cool.
Savage
That is the nasty part: You are like a man lost at sea in a storm. You cant see land, so it seems like you are a hundred miles from safety. Its scary and feels endless. How can you survive? What you cannot see, is there IS a current that is pulling you toward shore. Its there, but you have no reference point, so its basically invisible to you. If you just refuse to quit, one day the storm will end, and you will see that the shore was much, much closer than you thought, and you will know that you can make it back. You must not give up. You must fight for your life. You can do this.
Absolutely not. The poorly educated include many with degrees who never learned how to THINK, only how to give the correct answer. Intelligence is about the questions you ask, and it requires a willingness to change your view when new evidence is presented. Its the people who are willfully ignorant, those are the "poorly educated" that can go get fucked.
Me too!
Yup. Same exact thing. If i sit for a few min, the pain goes away quick, but it returns just as fast. Its crazy though. I can deadlift 350 x 5 with no pain, bit standing for an hour would put me in tears.
I have said this before, but 2016 broke my sarcasm meter permanently.
Be careful with confirmation bias. I hear you, but it can be a dangerous mental trap if you dont keep it in check.
Just wanted to say that I have upvoted you often enough lately to recognize your username. Good stuff.
Yeah i thought about it a lot. But i knew that the part of me that loved her was dead, because i had to strangle it to death to get my life back. I will never get that part of me back, the part that i killed. I am happy to report, however, that the love of another amazing woman has grown my heart in new ways. I no longer have any feelings of loss or regret.
2017 homecoming theme: Enchantment under the Jim Crow laws. /s /30rock
I would like to point out that the extremely high suicide rate for transgender individuals makes their access to healthcare even more important. I am sure that many trump voters are actually full of glee at the thought of a transperson killing themselves, but to the rest of us who actually care for our fellow human beings, its a fucking tragedy. Every time a setback like this happens, i find a way to donate again to the Human Rights Campaign. Please support this org if you care: http://www.hrc.org
That is why if you compete in tourneys, it is crucial to practice on a solid, low lag monitor. My first tournament was a shock to me, for many reasons, but a big one was how different the game felt on a different monitor. If you can, get in as many casuals on the tourney stations before the comp starts so you can adjust.
Please upvote the thread. This could save lives tonight.
Google "ltg vs viscant". Prepare to cringe the hardest.
You said "that is what people here mean". I was commenting on that single assertion and i should have made that clear.
Your username... /r/bjj represent!
Just dont fucking lie, and dont list shit on your resume that you arent prepared to display your knowledge of. I interview a shit load of programmers for my team and other dev teams, and the amount of blatant resume fraud is fucking crazy. For example, if you claim modern C++ experience and have never even heard of a smart pointer or RIIA...you are going to need to explain that. Or if you claim VMWare/ESXi admin experience and cannot explain how a DVS works with vlan tagging/trunking, please do not waste our fucking time. Its maddening dealing with resume inflation / fraud. Just be who you are. If no one is interested, pick up new skills that are in demand and keep hunting. For reference I am a senior SDET and I specialize in network security. I build highly scalable test frameworks that span physical and software defined networks (aws, docker, openstack, esxi, etc..).
If you get a cs degree and then apply to 1000 job postings....just what the fucking hell is going on. I have worked in the industry for 14 years and i have applied to a total of 7 jobs ever. I have been rejected *once* ever and it was Apple, where i narrowly missed the offer by a tiny margin. Landed a better* job with a startup the next week. I am NOT a genius at all, nor am I a particularly gifted coder. No one should ever apply to 1000 cs jobs. Jesus christ. * by better, i mean that this job is more fun, but it does pay a little less. I am happy with that trade.
I always go the extra mile to help when someone asks that. Hell, asking that might get you a second in person interview if we were on the fence. Great advice!
The idea that this clownshoe is going to get access to SIPRNet is fucking terrifying. Jesus H Christ.
JUST LIKE THAT Gonna miss you Goldie, you crazy motherfucker.
The missing piece here is that ARS doesnt have the classified report. Obama and congress do, and this is one of the first times that GOP congressmen are willing to side with him. That is a fucking huge statement that this is not bullshit.
Trump is the kind of clownshoe who would learn CSS and use it to change whitehouse.gov into comic sans. SMH.
And yet all of them, including McCain and Romney have bent at the knee and kissed his ring. If the GOP doesnt start addressing this immediately and with great vigor, they are going to be complicit in what i fear is a truly treasonous administration.
Also: I have enough devices to keep charged. I want a wireless pair of headphones like i want another fucking hole in my head. I adore my SE. I hope they do a course correction for the 8. Or 9. I am not someone who upgrades often.
Samaung lost me forever with their smart tv ad injection bullshit. Never ever again.
That issue is a tricky one. If th me bar is "js cannot be trusted" then the only solution is GPG keys and manual decryption. That is what i use to get/send pen test reports on the job. But its really that same old question of security vs convenience.
Couldnt have said it better.
I was talking about sf4, sorry i could have clarified that. This was a long time ago at seasons beatings.
+1 to everything you said.
I am still on my 10 year old samsung 700 series that predates that crap and i hope it lasts forever. Not sure what i would buy today if i had to. Would require a lot of homework on my part.
Yup. I keep my tv as a dumb screen. Media duty is done by a combo of appletv + ps4.
I thought i was the only human left who isnt on facebook. The worst part is when i tell people i am not on fb and they act like i just stapled my face to the carpet.
Your snark and derision add fucking nothing to this thread. If you really give a shit, try contributing something.
Totally.
Absolutely. Or possibly a plugin for the Trezor. Its an amazing btc hw wallet that has lots of potential for other uses.
This is amazing. Your posts itt are 100% negative, and somehow me pointing that out is "base" and "derision". You are now engaging in projection.
HOOOOOOOOOOODL!
Man, if i had to dislike every overconfident fighter, i wouldnt have many fighters to root for.
The chans are fickle, but they seem to love him right now.
To all transpeople: if you possibly can, please join us on the left coast. We actually give a shit about you. I know how hard this is for a minor who is trans and trapped in the shithole south, but try to make it out if you can. The entire south and much of the midwest is a goddamn cultural dumpster fire.
Naw. I was a Miesha fan always. I know its not mutually exclusive. Ronda had my respect as an athlete for sure, but she rubbed me the wrong way personally.
I understand that. I recently ejected from IL to Seattle and its amazing. I recently interviewed a transperson for a job (she was mtf and it was obvious, probably transitioned a bit late, of course i would never ask) and it was so refreshing that no one in the office even batted an eye. In IL, there would have been gossip for weeks after. The west coast is really amazing. Here, it feels like the world is still worth saving.
Exactly.
If it makes you feel better, i commute via motorcycle for most of the year, so i use the hov lane and have a smaller traffic footprint. I do understand what it must be like for native seattleites though. I supported the light rail extension and the housing levy. Definitely trying to help solve the issue that i know i am a part of. I moved to Seattle suddenly to help my father who is dying of stage 4 cancer. SCCA has been so incredible to us. When i think about the kindness and care he is getting there, it brings tears to my eyes. Same for Harborview.
Fuck that shit. First: the procedure to disable it is maddening. Its multiple settings buried 8 layers deep into their terrible UI. Then it doesnt work. I dealt with this when my parents bought a new samsung smart tv. Took an hour of googling to find the solution on a media forum: i had to power off the tv, then unplug it for 60s and finally it was disabled. Until some automatic update re-enabled it a month later. Fuck samsung. Never ever.
Minneappolis / St. Paul is pretty cool. Drive out to Janesville and its nothing but Trump lawn signs. Like IL, there seem to be a few urban centers that are reasonable and the rest of the rural areas seem full of extremely conservative views. I have family in St. Paul.
So i know you were kinda joking about the cooties. Id like to expand on this. I have had arguments that almost came to blows over this with asshole conservatives. Their objections, when you really corner them and force them to explain exactly what their issue is, always boil down to one of two main arguments: 1. I dont want to have to see "that". They can go do what they want, but not in public. Apparently this means schools and even public parks. They literally feel that having to see two people of the same sex kiss is assult to them. Same for seeing someone who might look obviously trans. Smh. 2. Because the bible. Apparently all that shit about compassion and love thy neighbor, and what you do to the least of us, you do unto me....guess all that shit doesn't apply somehow. This is literally the same argument as "I shouldnt have to see interracial couples" and "dont use my water fountain / bus / lunch counter". These assholes are on the wrong side of history and i hope their bigotry dies with them, but i know all too well that they pass this shit onto their kids. My mother was born in a fucking internment camp during ww2. My family bears the scars of blind ignorance. I will always stand up and fight for those who are under the jackboot of this hatred.
If it has more views than daigo's full parry vs jwong, smh.
Other brands use the same panels. Only 5 companies make all of the panels for all brands. Samsung has been a good brand, but they jumped the shark on this smart tv design.
Love portland. Its like Seattle's slightly wierder little brother.
I would love it if Cali, Oregon, and Washington became Cascadia.
Source.
Because culture war jesus hates women, gays, and liberals.
He won by lying. That is not a solution. Its like fixing a broken finger by cutting off your hand.
This world will look like Elysium if the conservatives stay in power. That shit keeps me up at night for real. Do i even want to bring a child into this world? Im honestly not sure anymore.
Its less about abolishing it, but applying it only to the specific economic areas where it can still work. Our problem now is thay we are trying to use capitalism to solve problems it simply cannot solve (healthcare).
You have not forgotten the face of your father. Related to that, my father is dying of stage four cancer and only now do I finally understand the full meaning of that expression.
Jesus that was beautiful. Tears in my eyes. Thank you for saying that.
I did it. I fucked up and left my copy of the seed out one day when i was getting ready to make a second copy to put in my safe deposit box. My wife threw it out fuguring a list of 25 silly words was garbage. The upgrade worked and i kept my coins. If you possibly can, xfer them off first. In my case i couldnt do so, this was before any other wallet supported the trezor.
If he had to have his own life saved to see the aca's value, he is a sociopath with no capacity for empathy. Of course he voted for trump.
If someone really did that, he would use the emergency alert system to send dick pics to every cellphone in the country. Probably will be someone else's dick, but that is another matter.
Itabashi. He was maybe the best gief in the world for sf4. He is already tearing his way up the ladder in sfv.
There I will sing all their names!
No. Insurers are *already* filing to pull out Jan 1 2018. They cannot handle the instability. The market will be upended way before 2020, because the insurers are only in the exchanges voluntarily, because they are guaranteed profit. That guarantee vanishes the moment the repeal happens.
STOP PARROTING THAT BULLSHIT. YOU CAN BE RACIST AND MARRY A MINORITY. YOU CAN BE GAY AND BE VIOLENTLY HOMOPHOBIC. The list goes on. Its called hypocrisy. Look it the fuck up.
Wow thank you for the source! That is fucked up. I really hate AZ. My mother and sister live there and its just terrible.
You are flat out lying and no one here will fall for it.
That is not true. The popular vote matters. Please do not fall for that bullshit. Every. Vote. Matters.
Long days and pleasant nights, we are well met.
Agree. Can you imagine if every red state found a way to block dems from their ballots? Think about how dangerous this is!
The GOP will respond by blocking dems who cannot pass a review by the new Unamerican Activities Committee that Gingrich is trying to create. This shit is too dangerous. We are better than this.
My fear is that the precedent, once set for reasonable causes (such as disclosing tax forms), will be used freely by red/swing states for unreasonable applications.
I use the Brooks converter that enables my xbox360 TE2 to work on my ps4 and its flawless. Its also only ~$50.
Selfish answer: Cancer. Both my parents are fighting late stage cancer, as well as my very good friend who is only 35. I also lost my cat of 17 years to cancer this past year. When Biden announced the cancer moonshot project, i broke down in tears. Cancer is a horrible disease and watching a loved one be torn apart from the inside is the most pain I have ever experienced.
November 8, 2016.
Yes. I worded that post in a particularly obtuse manner. Thank you. Your wording is much more clear.
GG#4 ftw.
I am resisting schadenfraude over seeing poor rural voters get what they voted for. But the rejection of Trump by nearly every performer is fucking glorious. Whoever does perform is getting 10 letters from me, using different names, all explaining why I am boycotting the rest of their career. Their label and talent agency are getting them too. They are all ready to go, just need to plug in the names and addresses.
You are on the wrong side of history. In 50 years, you will be viewed as we currently view the people who supported Jim Crow.
They are proud to be supported by Nazis and the KKK. Jeff Sessions said that "those kkk guys arent so bad... except for the ones that smoke pot". They cannot disengage from the white power movement now, its too late.
They very fact that you say "your constitutional protections" instead of OUR constitutional protections, tells me and all who read this thread that I am right about you.
As if we can fight only one battle.
We wait months / years here too, because we cant afford the bill.
To put a crazy burden on them, so they can claim that the gov cant run anything well. Same for the pension funding requirements for the usps. Its treasonous madness, and it spits in the face if every man and woman who has served this country in the military.
My uncle got liver cancer from a river fluke he ingested as a marine in vietnam. Look it up. The va covered his entire medcial care, and is extending benefits to his wife and children. The va had his approval in three weeks, treatment started in the fourth week. He just died after a brave battle with cancer. The va gets it right sometimes, but they get it wrong sometimes too.
It cannot. Car insurance insures you against what *may* happen. Health insurance insures you against what WILL happen. Every single person will need serious medical care at some point in their life. Healthcare is INELASTIC and free market capitalism only works for goods and services which have ELASTIC demand.
A one night stay in the ER with tests but no major procedures just cost my friend $35,000. My father had stage four cancer. His bill this year is 1.5 million. Do you think you can save that kind of money?
Not only that: it is illigal for an American to buy the one from Canada. That is utter horseshit.
I am all too aware. Voter suppression should be treason.
Looks like akuma was pressing buttons on wake up?
True to a point. You need to experience both situations (you are better / they are better). Especially in a game this rushdown focused. I think an ideal ratio is about 70% they are better, 30% you are better.
Spent the day with a VA nurse. She 100% agreed. She is a combat vereran and absolutely not lazy.
Melting point is below the max teml of most common structure fired and banks have sprinkler systems.
I have always thought of it like this: Aggression: Tendency to be aggressive when optimal. Defense: Ability to withstand complex rushdown or zoning. Execution: Ability to hit hard combos/links under pressure. Creativity: Ability to situationally improvise in a successful manner. Risk taking/aversion: Comfort level with taking risks and abiity to play safe when tactically advantageous. Metagame prowess: Reading and conditioning the opponent.
Dont punch me in the face and expect me not to hit you back. The GOP turned this into a dirty fight. They are going to get one.
We are past that point. This shit is guerrilla warfare now. You cannot fight an emeny using standard rules of engagement when they are using tactics like human shields, and this is the level that the gop has decided to take the fight.
I cannot prove this to you for obvious reasons. I have a friend who is a CIA data analyst stationed in France. She said the CIA is *freaking the fuck out* right now. People are super depressed and scared because they are tracking active threats and the new administration appears intent on totally ignoring them. The feeling is "will i have a job, and if not, who the fuck will monitor these threats????" This is serious shit.
I am a democrat with a fucking stack of AR-15s. Daniel Defense, Palmetto State Armory, etc.... Please stop assuming thay we all want to ban evil assault rifles. However: I would burn them all in a kiln before i agree to watch good people in this country die due to lack of access to healthcare. Stop that shit.
In our society, the only way to get the attention of corporations is to vote with your dollars. A boycott is nothing more than people agreeing on a problem, and not buying from that company until it is addressed. It is a nonviolent action that does not involve use of force by people or the state. Acting like its silly to do this is complacency.
What they mean is that an exchange can vanish in an instant and if you are not the sole possessor or those keys, your coins are just gone. I have btc in Coinbase and i am not scared. They are in the vault. Idgaf.
I think trump is working for himself because he is clearly a sociopath who raped his first wife, sexially abused a minor, and bragged about it. Its probably that putin is dangling billions in oil money in front of him. Trump only has loyalty to Trump.
It would have gone up more if the aca was not passed. This is fact and not even disputed.
I live in seattle. Washington exports most of its food, despite feeding most of seattle. If it hits the fan, we can close the passes, disable the ports, and we are home to the largest collection of nuclear missles in the us. We also have the ocean, rainforest, logging, hydroelectric, and the entire skagit valley, the most fertile soil in north america. We will be just fine. Edit: i replied to your pre-edit. Here is my new reply: First amendment &gt; Healthcare for all &gt; fourth amendment &gt; second amendment. I am fighting to get an amendment passed for non-profit universal healthcare. I know it will be an uphill battle. When i lived in IL i fought tirelessly to beat chicago's insane gun ban, and for ccw. We won both battles. Now my focus is not allowing my fellow hard working americans to be bankrupted and die in the fucking street when they or a loved one gets cancer.
If google started drug testing, it would go under in a month. The entire software and it industry on the west coast is full of smokers. Not over-exaggerating (sp? Mobile ugh).
Stimulants like adderall and cocaine.
We agree that they have picked wrong battles. For sure.
In seattle it is cheaper and wayyyyyu better.
It may again? I kinda doubt it, but you never know.
I really dont give a shit. If this doesnt work legit/legal, its whatever. I have almost 10btc and if they take it, itd not a big deal. I bought cheap.
Me too. I was happy using KeepassX on OSX but once I needed cross platform access, I switched to cloud 1Password and its been excellent. If 1P ever has a serious breach, I've got enough MFA/2FA that my most critical stuff is still secure, but trusting so many of my creds to a cloud services does make me a bit nervous. So far so good.
&gt; Second edit: to the guy who trolled my history and saw my dad died last year and decided to message me and tell me he's glad he's dead, grow up. SMH jesus fucking christ.
Bullshit. No one making less than a million a year can afford to treat cancer without insurance. Full stop. There are no bootstraps to pull on that can make a 1.5M cancer bill or a 250,000 heart surgery affordable. Stop with that lie.
Ran down the list. 2/3's of the numbers on that list gave me "mailbox full". What a fucking joke. EDIT: Going to try back in the morning. Its possible the VMs were full because its after hours in DC time.
Yeah, I have heard that about him. I have trained and competed in a few pretty intense sports (wrestling, brazilian jiu-jitsu, some full contact stand up events, etc..) and at any competitive gyms, you have a few guys who are MONSTERS in training and then can't put it all together in competition. Some of them take a long time to download their opponent, which you don't get in competition. Others is a mental thing, and for others still, they just don't *like* competition as much as they like training. These guys are VITAL for a serious gym because the serious competitors MUST have access to these "gym assassins" in order to level up before big competitions. I figure Alioune is like that. Dude is a monster in training and online, but put him in a hot ass hotel conference room with 200 sweaty FGC dudes, shitty chairs, possibly different monitors, etc....and it just all falls apart. I fucking SUCK at these games, so I always got bodied in the first two rounds and then just had fun watching the real competitors duke it out...but I know how serious competition anxiety can be. I used to puke before I wrestled in big meets in highschool. My coach thought I was super dedicated about making weight, but it was really just that I was so insanely nervous before each competition that I would get physically sick. These days I'm mostly over my competition nerves, but it was a process of competing hundreds of times in sports where you will physically get your ass beat or get choked unconscious that finally got my head around it. If the stakes were lower, I don't know if I would have ever adjusted. If I did another SF competition (which I will probably do this summer, just for fun cause I really suck), I know that I won't be nervous, but that is only because losing at SF is still pretty fun. Its a shitload easier to shake off a loss when you don't wake up on the floor of a gymnasium with your teammates and the EMT's asking you what your name is, or who the current president is, or how many fingers they are holding up.
I have made this choice every single day of my adult life. I cannot even imagine how it would feel to feel free enough to go see my doctor or end up in the ER without spending two months in abject terror as i wait to see if the bill (i have "good" insurance) will be fair. By "fair" i mean whether or not i will see tens of thousands in "out of network" charges that i had no control over. Example: my wife had her gallbladder out. The surgeon asked for an assistant at some point without our consult. The one they used wad out of network. That single bill was 6x the entire rest of the bills that showed up. Had to have my CEO personally escalatw it or the hospital would not have agreed to charge the in network rate. We got lucky. This is a tragedy.
I have been meaning to packet capture a sfv session. I assume that the comms to capcom are probably an ssl(tls) tunnel pushing and pulling data in some format like json/xml/yaml, and i suspect that the player to player is udp, but i am just guessing. I may know more after a big wireshark capture, just need to set it up.
Nope. Cigna told us "fuck you pay me" and the hospital told us "its all cigna". It took the ceo of a fortune 500 company to personally call cigna on my behalf to get them to bend. The only reason it worked out is because my ceo was a great man who actually gave a shit.
Its not regional. Not a cluster. Just insanely bad luck. My father wad part of a research group at Amoco that was a cancer cluster. He is the only one left who isnt dead in his group of ten chemists. Amoco denies any responsibility and we are all too tired to try and sue (plus they are bp now and evil as fuck).
Holy shit your grandfather was part of the Bikini Atoll testing? Jesus christ that is terrible. My mom was born in an internment camp in WW2 but I think you have me beat for awful family history at the hands of government. Man. And yeah, I think by the time everyone started dropping dead, Amoco had already become BP and it seemed pointless.
Thanks. We still don't know what is causing her pain, but the testing last night ruled out many/most of the big scary things for now.
Just the observation that you are aware of the limitations of your understanding is a profound bit of wisdom that MANY people lack. One of the first things you notice when you work in a company full of literally brilliant engineers (as I do) is that when everyone in the room is smart as fuck, everyone is very careful about the fact that they could be wrong. I.e. - You rarely hear "I'm 100% sure I'm right about this". Instead you tend to hear "I am pretty sure I can prove this is correct, if anyone can find a flaw in this approach, please bring it up".
As a shitty guile player who cant do any of the stuff that makes him top tier, i find Daigos thoughts on this interesting. I picked guile without a clue about the tier lists, specifically because he felt fun to me. Glad to see Daigo stick with Ryu, but that mirror match with ChrisG would have been killer.
The only response to a "taxes are violent theft" anarcho capitalist is to point out their hypocrisy: by choosing to stay a citizen of this country, they are a willing participant. They could expat at any point and choose not to, therefore they condone tax collection by their own willing participation.
They prefer Chile because there is no federal income tax. I have a friend who drank way too much of the Stephen Molyneux koolaid and its beyond frustrating.
I do. Their counter is "i am a victim of state violence". Its frustrating. I point out that they would advise a battered spouse to leave their abusive spouse, therefore they should expat immediately if they truly feel like a victim, then out come the excuses.
I was trying to reach him, i just wasnt successful.
Just finished up an email to LLBean informing them that unless they denounce Trump and his administration, they are going to be boycotted just like every other business that has been a willing participant in the hijacking of our democracy. I urge you to do the same if you feel similarly. What we need is for businesses associated with Trump to become so toxic that it becomes economic suicide to be anything other than against him.
You literally could not have made your post harder to read. Those text boxes are insane...please reformat your post....cause I would actually like to read it.
Yes error 2100c for me.
Every benefit you just mentioned, which you and I see as benefits...that shit is what Trump voters hate about the ACA. Its scary times we live in.
The "discovery" phase of any fighting game is so much fun. Amazing to watch the community find this shit.
Money. These issues are almost always about money. I can't repeat the quote or source, but some people very much in the know told me that the Ribeiros have been jacking up their affiliate/association fees a LOT and a bunch of schools have just said "screw it" and gone solo.
Well....I just bought a Yamaha Super Tenere last year....but I think my next motorcycle is going to have to be a Kawi now.
I really enjoy getting into deep conversations about guns with someone who I know is conservative. We talk about what rifles we own, what mods we did, whether we prefer a mildot scope or something more traditional, etc... I mean shit, I could talk for at least four hours about the AR platform alone and its design, what issues it has, etc... and that is just scratching the surface. I probably own 2x as many BCGs as ARs and I swap them all the time depending on what kind of shooting I want to do. I usually wait until the third of fourth conversation to let them know in no uncertain terms that I am 100% a progressive liberal who is also in favor of reasonable gun control measures. These people shit themselves. I think its partly because they have been taught that people like me don't exist, and partly because they realize that there are liberals who are armed, trained, and will stand up and resist fascism and tyranny by force if it comes to our front door. There are WAY more of us than conservatives realize.
Porra (I train in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and this is one of only a few Portugese words I know haha.)
Best thing i did in 2016 was to put all of my congressmen/women into my contacts. Now i just call them anytime i get pissed about an issue. Works great.
&gt; This is also a girl who, at age 33, fucking refuses to learn to drive because it scares her. My sister is a diabetic. There are times her blood goes low and she can't drive, and her wife fucking refuses to learn to drive so she can care for her when she is sick. Your sister's wife is just straight up crazy. This has nothing to do with identity politics or LGBT issues. She is straight up insane.
No. My point is that the other factors he listed, such as being too scared to learn how to drive, so that she can care for her fucking SPOUSE indicate much deeper issues. That is why I quoted his statement about driving, not about him being a white male. Her issues as reported by poster above contain identity politics, but my point is that the identity politics is a symptom, not the cause. Show me a rational person who has gotten caught up in identity politics and we can say "that is identity politics at work". Show me someone who refuses to take a driving lesson, even when there is a need for her to drive so that she can care for her spouse, and I'll show you someone with a brain like a bag of cats.
I am already getting destroyed by Uriens left and right....for me personally that is a bit terrifying. But the good news is that I do need to learn to block crossups better, so I guess I'll get a lot more chances. I have a LOT of trouble blocking crossups. I either react too late, or if its really ambiguous I seem to literally always guess wrong. I do a lot of training mode drills to help, but I still fail SO much online. Its better face to face, but with the added lag of playing online...I'm kinda free to crossups.
I applaud your stance.
&gt;They aren't helping the poor or feeding the hungry, charities are. Yeah you lost me when you just repeated the neocon talking point that the gov isn't helping people and free market charities are. If you think that the homeless problem in LA is as simple as throwing money at the issue, you need to read more about how complex the problem is.
30 new DLC costumes, no changes to battle lounge, matchmaking or netcode. Run it.
It feels incredible to see a player like ChrisG get frustrated at this game. Its nice to remember its hard for pros too.
I am *still* strugging to get the muscle memory of defensive OS out of my game from SF4. Its been a harder habit to break than I expected.
I am a guile main also, but my issue is that I'm just not able to do a lot of stuff that make him so powerful. I can hit all 10 of his trials on the first attempt, but I am still not able to cleanly do boom loops in the corner offline...Been putting in a TON of time in the lab on that but its still not quite coming together yet. So someone in my position is still playing a strong character, but its more like "Guile Lite" since I can't pull off a lot of his crazy shit that leads to huge damage. I can pull maybe 250dmg most of the time on a punish if I get a big enough window to hit a st.HP or df.HK and get a combo or juggle started. What really frustrates me is playing against characters who can take 1/3 of your health bar on any confirm or whiff punish with either no meter, or by only spending one bar. Urien and Laura are great examples of the matchups where I may whiff one flash kick and lose the round. I'm not whining, just trying to figure out what to do. If I MUST work all of Guile's super fancy corner loops to get full potential, I may just have to accept that I'll never hit silver.
That is very encouraging. I am having a hell of a time getting into silver. I get so close and then i get like 8 opponents in a row with 1000 pts more than me and i get bodied by all of them.
Thank you! Some of what you suggested, i recently started doing. Will work on the rest.
The numbers behind voter fraud, when they do studies are a fraction of a fraction of 1%. Its such a small problem, its not even a problem anyone with half a brain gives a shit about. *By voter fraud I mean: People voting more than once, or people who should not be allowed to vote, voting anyway.
Yeah for sure. Plus with one sided rollback, i know i may not see what the other guy sees. I have some matches where the opponent is literally teleporting around the screen and i just free to be thrown because all i can do is hold down-back until the rollback stops.
Some highlights of Antonio competing in the Gi here: https://vimeo.com/28355925 That video is hype as fuck BTW.
65 attempts so far and its busy every time. Still trying...
No. There is no legal recourse for a failed kickstarter/indegogo/gofundme. I wouldnt want legal recourse anyway. I thought the doc had legit historical value and i just wanted it to exist. I still do.
Hywel's situation here has been so strange. I looked up to him and respected him for his tremendous contributions to the BJJ world, I love his work and especially his early films from back when it was really just him and Stu Cooper (who also kinda fell out of the good graces of the BJJ community in general due to a combo of the Roy Dean fiasco and the fact that he started to become really repetitive). But then that doc got stalled, and I imagine it was probably hard for Hywel to make ends meet or something, so he took the job with Flo. Initially I reserved my thoughts about it, even though I hated flo from day one because of how they entered the BJJ market and their general air of saying "We will do this better than everyone else" and the failing to be even half as good at IBJJF streams as Budo Videos was. But along the way, Hywel somehow went through what looked from my perspective as a personality shift? He started defending flo here when we were all angry with flo, and then it seemed like he became the official "damage recovery on reddit" account for flo, where almost anytime flo comes up, he shows up and defends them. I honestly can't figure out if Hywel really believes some of the stuff he says about flo on here, or if he just really needs that job. Either way, I kinda feel bad for him. He was easily the most promising BJJ filmmaker (this was before Eat Films hit the scene with Roll and pushed the genre forward) for a few years but then that documentary got stalled and stalled and stalled...and then he went to flo. Hywel kinda strikes me like Anakin Skywalker here. He had this great potential and he was working on this amazing project to document and showcase the living history of the first generation of BJJ masters...and now he appears to be mostly a cheerleader for an organization that has come in, bought up a huge chunk of the BJJ streaming market, and then fucked their customers over repeatedly while insisting that everything is great. "You were supposed to save BJJ flimmaking, not destroy it!"
That shit was nothing but fail back when I reluctantly tried it. I am tempted to say that I'm glad its better now, but I'm not. Fuck Flo. I want the IBJJF streams to go back to BudoVideos. No matter what else they do, they are assholes for locking down all IBJJF stream footage/clips/highlights via DMCA on Youtube. Taking it to the point of not dropping disputed claims against competitors uploading their own matches was just the icing on the shitty cake.
That flip kick is unthrowable becuse Guile is off the ground. I never use it from that distance because of how slow it is, but this makes me think I should start learning the meaty timing for this better. I usually meaty with cr.mp, st.mp up close or b.hk from far.
Showing compassion is the one thing that is verboten right now in the GOP platform. When you think about it, that is the one thread that runs through basically every issue on their "platform". If it helps someone else, its bad. Full stop.
And maybe if we kill the H1-B program, some of those people will end up back in their homeland, but many of the best and brightest in CompSci from India and other countries are here now on the H1-B program. I've been a programmer for 14 years and I've worked alongside some brilliant and talented engineers from India at every phase of my career. There is something about the environment of these big outsourcing firms that makes them perform terribly at large scale projects where inter group communication is necessary.
No way. You get a body like that with a combination of: 1. Super clean diet, no exceptions. 2. A 5-10 year commitment to strength and conditioning (outside of yoga). 3. Good genetics. You can get close with 2 out of the three above, but most people will need to check all three boxes. You are looking at someone with an olympic physique that happens to do yoga, yoga did not cause that physique to occur.
My team is in resume hell too. It sucks. I talked to a guy on here that applied to, i shit you not, ~1000 positions in three months. Its lunacy. There is *so* much resume fraud. Part of the problem is that i work in network security, so i need people who can code, do devops shit constantly in a bunch of platforms, and who know L2/L3 networking well. We have a sanity test for applicants, and one of the questions is, i shit you not: "True or False: 192.168.1.0/24 is a network that allows up to 24 clients". At least a third of applicants get this wrong.
Well played.
Yes. Second only to brainiac. He is beyond brilliant. The only way trump and lex fit together is that they are both obsesed with an idea of their own potency.
&gt; AWS also makes it as hard as possible (big complicated api, java, etc.) to pick a data center, get a new node online. And I've seen situations where the tooling around AWS is the thing that most often breaks. As a guy who works with AWS on a daily basis, doing fairly complex network deployments on that platform...you hit the nail on the head. I have a strong love/hate relationship with that platform. If they would just add a fucking console....
Grew up in the Chicago area when these were playing. You just gave me a powerful flashback to jr/high. I can tell if you are from chicago if I say this: "FIVE EIGHT EIGHT, TWO THREE HUNDRED......." And you hear "EMPIIIIRRREEEE" in your head for the rest of the day. You are welcome.
No. *Moved from Chicago to Seattle and no one here has ever seen these. It was a Chicago thing.
Yes it is. I just discovered that there is a pizza place here in Seattle that is claiming 100% authentic Chicago Style Pizza. I called bullshit immediately for two reasons: 1. Its almost impossible...many have tried and failed. 2. The true Chicago experience involves you almost being murdered within 24 hours of eating the aforementioned pizza. But this place...they actually SHIP WATER to Seattle from their place in Chicago to make this pizza. I really need to check it out.
Its a nice thought as far as I'm concerned. My dad is dying of stage 4 terminal cancer (brain, stomach, liver, lungs, spine). I have had numerous friends and acquaintances offer their support by saying things like "If you don't mind, I will pray for your father tonight". Here is my take on this: You believe in a god that listens to you and wants to help us all. You have a limited amount of time in your life to pray to your god and have a conversation about your life and what you want for the world. If you are going to take some of that time and spend it asking your God to help my father...I am honored. It doesn't matter to me what I believe...in this case I am honored by what YOU believe and the gesture that you are making. The fact that I'm an agonstic athiest really doesn't in any way, diminish the act of kindness and empathy you are extending to me.
No shit??? I always thought Empire was like Eagleman in that it was purely a Chicago thing. Man...I have been living a lie!
Just wanted to say I'm sending good vibes out for your Kitteh.
Piggybacking on this: Another example is that people with peanut allergies can consume highly refined peanut oil because the proteins in the peanut that people are allergic to (Ara h1, Ara h2, and Ara h3), break down in the process of creating peanut oil. http://www.peanut-institute.org/eating-well/allergy/peanut-oil-no-allergens.asp
Gave my dad 50% odds to reach 1 year after his stage 4 diagnosis. That was 18 months ago and he is still enjoying life. I can't in any way promise that you will have that same time with her, but I wanted you to know that people beat these odds all the time. You will be in my thoughts.
You cannot just say "weed" as if its all the same thing. You have two major compounds in question: THC and CBD, and then about 130+ other compounds that we still don't fully understand how they work with our endocannabinoid system. First: Smoking "weed" is going to be bad for your lungs and heart, solely on the basis that you are burning plant matter and creating tar and carcinogens. You would be better off ingesting edibles or vaping concentrates. Second: The various compounds have different effects. THC can act as a stimulant or a depressant, and CBD is still being understood (it shows promise in the management of seizures, and in some other areas such as reducing spasticity in spinal cord injury patients). There is not enough peer-reviewed research to answer your question definitively.
I very clearly recall when I bought my copy of PGP back in the day and it came with very serious warnings about it being a federal crime to export. Those laws changed, but for a while it was really stupid.
I am truly sorry to hear this. Cancer is a truly awful disease that I would not wish on even the worst humans I can think of. Keep your chin up.
&gt; People think I'm lazy and a thief. The only people who automatically think that of you for being on SSDI are ignorant fools.
You can get 0% THC, 100% CBD isolate that is legal in all 50 states and can be vaped through any normal vape mod (i.e. any electronic cigarette rig). There is no high. You can drive on it. You can pass any job related drug test on it. CBD is 100% legal as long as there is no THC in the product. You can order it over the internet without ever having to try to find a dispensary (if you are lucky enough to have one in your area). So...you do NOT need to wait for legalization to try CBD out and see if it helps you. It is helping people with seizures, PTSD, chronic pain, SI injuries, and more. The research is only now starting to really come to light. I have a compound spinal injury and I live in constant, chronic pain every moment of every day. CBD is pretty much the only thing standing between me and the opiates, which I absolutely refuse to take. I would consider a clean suicide before an opiate addiction. I would post a link but I don't want to look like a shill. If you are struggling with chronic pain and are interested in this, pm me and I'll send you some links to various vendors of these legal products. If you doubt me, check my post history. L4/L5 herniation + L5/S1 herniation with nerve root involvement and bone spurs. 20 years of martial arts took its toll, but I regret nothing.
In a fuel injected engine you can get away with it because those engines have knock detection and can retard or advance their timing to compensate. On a carbed bike...it doesn't have that ability to adapt, so its pretty important to get that part right. It goes the other way too: If your engine runs a low compression ratio, and can happily use 87 octane (such as every Toyota on the planet), you will get NOTHING from putting high octane gas in your car...in fact, it may even make slightly less power than the 87 octane since your engine will have to retard its timing to produce optimal combustion.
As a guy who works daily in AWS, Azure, Google compute cloud, etc.... what you said is spot on. It is not as easy as "slap a loadbalancer on it" or "spin up more containers". Secure, scalable architectures require excellent design and excellent deployment and configuration.
Right now: Back up the good wallet image and take an MD5 sum of the file so you can verify in the future that it has not changed in storage.
Its a pretty amazing product. Its a gas additive and stabilizer that you can also just straight up run your engine on with zero gas. In fact, that is the SOP for cleaning the crap out of old engines at the place I used to work. You can get it at any auto-parts store. I have used Seafoam for 20 years in over 10 vehicles with great success. I pour in 1/4 of a can about every season (so, four times a year) and if I winterize my bike, I use it as a gas stablilizer. I have run gas that sat in a tank with seafoam for THREE YEARS and the gas was good, bike fired right up and didn't even smoke. https://www.amazon.com/Sea-Foam-SF-16-Motor-Treatment/dp/B0002JN2EU/ref=sr_1_1?s=automotive&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1497560686&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=seafoam Here is a video showing what it can do. 1:33 you can hear the before. 9:16 is the sound after. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agAWXnT4-EQ I have seen numerous vehicles "restored" like the one in the video above.
All pre-FI sportsters that are less than 1200CC are 87 octane, and all the 1200s are 91+. The 1200 ran a higher compression than the 883.
This is why my nodes run in the cloud, on cheap storage where I'm not charged per Kb of transfer.
I would not recommend someone just "write it down" unless you meant to put it onto media that is safe against fire and store that at a physically secure location like a safe deposit box. But even "writing it down" is safer than trusting your memory. That is the best way to go. It eliminates the risk of trusting your brain, but its WAY safer than keeping it in your home (fire, theft, natural disaster) and it makes the wrench attack a LOT harder to pull off.
I am sorry for your loss. Both my parents have late stage cancer. I wouldnt wish it on anyone.
Once the dropbox app is on your ios device, go listen to a voicemail. Then, from that screen, hit the upload icon (looks like a box with an up arrow). One option will be "save to dropbox".
Personally: I think almost all V&amp;H systems that aren't 2-&gt;1 sound like raspy bullshit. Way too harsh. The perfect example is their "street sweeper" series which I honestly cannot fathom how anyone loves the sound of. I honestly want to tall you to avoid that brand entirely. The best sounding pipes to my ears are either the Cycle Shack slipons (literally, these produce the GOD sound from these engines), or the 2-&gt;1s from RB racing. https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/ Unfortunately the cycle shack website is down now, but you should still be able to order them through J&amp;P cycles.
They performed flawlessly for me. If you drop in a pair of XIEDs, you will eliminate all of the popping. The XIEDs do NOT void your warranty, but if you have that concern, they can be removed in 2min with no tools and HD CANNOT tell that they were ever installed. http://sales.nightrider.com/XiED-Fuel-Management_c_1.html
Arlen Ness is good stuff IF you can afford it. It tends to be spendy. Bassani is another good choice.
Their stuff in general tends to be pricey. Check out their $500 air intakes that are almost identical to the ones from other vendors that cost $150. All the Arlen Ness stuff appears to be high quality (based on reviews, the stuff I've seen in person, etc...)...so if you can find what you want from them at a good price, that is a solid option.
Jesus. I am legitimately sad to read this. Fuck....their slipons were the best sounding exhaust (to my ears) that you could buy at ANY price point for the 883 platform. Wow...that is the end of an era.
I was fortunate enough to attend the Seattle Mod Roadshow last night and it was such a great time. HUGE thanks to the Reddit Community Team for putting this all together. Had some great discussions on the state of reddit, handling ongoing threats such as astroturfing and vote manipulation, and general nonsense. Thank you Reddit.
Sure. A $1 a month plan would cover exactly $0.80 a month in benefits. See how that works?
I have to find it, but i read a study that showed that for every $1 a company spends lobbying, they realize $7 in return on that investment. This was post citizens united iirc.
&gt;they should all be blown up in one fell swoop I am extremely sorry that you were denied the experience of growing up with parents who loved you and raised you in a compassionate atmosphere. My father used to take us into the inner city to volunteer at local churches so we could get an understanding of how lucky we were to have what we had (nice house in the burbs, good schools, etc...). I can't imagine what my worldview would look like if my father was the kind of person who casually validated the ethics of mass murder waged against a population that is entirely nonviolent.
Yeah its still insane. Its really really common to end up taking 3 months or more to find a job, even if your skills are in demand. The process just isn't overnight at any large-ish company.
Can you expand on that? "These rules" could mean a lot. We are talking about someone who gets fired, loses their employer plan, and then looks to get new coverage....under what specific cases are they not required to wait the 6 months?
This is reason 343242034234029348 why tying health insurance to employment is so impossibly stupid. These issues should be orthogonal to each other...and yet we have tied the two together in ways that are now, seemingly nearly impossible to undo.
I am still looking for these answers. I am not sure anyone really knows???
1200 for a studio is cheap.
Guilty
As someone who may end up in a wheelchair in the next few years: It is already terrifying.
I have seen your posts around. I want you to know that you and your son are in my thoughts and you are NOT fighting alone.
Liberal gun enthusiast here, I left the NRA *years* ago when they went off the rails. Fuck the NRA.
Yup. I live in Seattle but I have been learning about Oregon's difficult and shameful history with race relations. For example: Oregon was the only free state admitted into the Union with an exclusion clause against African Americans in its constitution, a clause not repealed until 1926. That is right, Oregon straight up kicked every African American out of the state when it joined the Union.
Because the code is open source...you or anyone can do an audit. So, the smart move is to wait for it to pass an audit.
Conservatives: Taxation is theft! All charity should be voluntary! Me: Ok, so if we eliminated taxes for social programs, are you saying you would commit to donating the same % of your current social program tax burden, to certain charities? Which ones exactly? Conservatives: None of your business. I want the ability to privately refuse to pay a dollar to help anyone else, while reaping all benefits possible from living in this country. Me: So basically you just want to completely end all social safety nets, on the idea that charity will take over, but you are basically admitting that you yourself would NOT actually do what you are saying will happen? Conservatives: &lt;angry words followed by a total breakdown of logic&gt; Me: Why do I bother?
MD5 sum on the binary if you got the MD5 from a verified and trusted source is probably the best way unless you are 100% sure you know you would spot a security issue at compile time...which many/most people would not.
Of course it is. But the layperson cannot analyze source. Hell, I'm a career developer with 15 years in the industry, with a focus on network security and I do not trust myself to analyze that code well enough to put my faith into it. My point was: What matters is that you find a good, transparent security audit done by a very trusted name and understand it. The average person cannot and should not be expected to do their own source code review, its just not even close to reasonable for 99.9% of the population.
I managed to get confirmed in 5 days and I applied right when Coinbase was going tits-up during the BCH clusterfuck. I just wanted to share that SOME people are getting through in a fairly timely fashion, so I imagine you should be up very soon.
Exactly. I hate to say it, but the reason i buy and hold instead of buy and spend, is just that i am scared of making an honest mistake (me or my tax guy, cause this shit is not super clear at all) and getting fucked by the long dick of the irs. Fuck us, right? I hate this aspect of crypto so much.
I already pulled all my funds out of coinbase but this has me set on cancelling my account and blacklisting any future projects that Armstrong is involved with. Man this is so sad.
Meh. Its 1/3 (Islam) of the global population but frankly, if even 10% of the global population starts using crypto, it will convert the whole fucking world in time.
When my wife accidentally threw out my 24 word seed. I had taken it out of secure storage to hammer the words into a metal plate for long term storage...when she decided to clean the house while I was at work. This was ENTIRELY MY FAULT. I should never have left it around for her to find like that. At the same time: My Trezor was out of date. So when I reconnected it....it needed a firmware upgrade. So my security model failed bigtime, and I ended up doing a firmware upgrade on a hot hardware wallet with NO seed backup!!!!! I was literally nauseous for the entire process. That was the most nerve wracking firmware upgrade of my life and it was just dumb luck that I didn't lose my coins. Never again. Now my wallet runs on both a Ledger S and a Trezor and they aren't stored together. The seed is stored more securely than before and only I can access it. That was the worst. This was a long time ago when the price was FAR lower...but it was still a truly horrible feeling that I hope to never experience again. Update: I did NOT lose my coins. The Trezor update worked and I was able to transfer my coins to an Electrum wallet, recreate a totally new wallet on my Trezor, and move them back safely.
Gemini has been very solid so far. I have only used ACH (FUCK WIRES) but things work very well. The info here is accurate: https://gemini24.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/210709623-When-will-my-bank-transfer-ACH-deposit-fully-clear- Gemini is getting slammed also, but they have managed to stay pretty damn stable in the last weeks when basically every other exchange is on the bleeding edge of falling over.
Keep in mind that bitcoin is unregulated (for the most part). In a new space that is essentially not regulated (or, its regulated at a pretty minimal level for US exchanges)...this is the kind of problem you have when you play in a brand new space this early in the adoption curve.
Dude http://bittrust.org/cexio Cex is an atrocity. I know people in the US who lost thousands worth of BTC (in USD) due to their bullshit. If you are in the US, you may never ever see that money again.
100% First broken nose and I am sure the fight would be out of him. Men like him are hard on the outside and soft on the inside.
Fine. But its going to take forever and I will waste as much of their time as physically possible.
I love bitcoin but this is stupid. Kodak has a history of missing the boat and then floundering. See: * Them missing out on digital camera phones * Their recently failed launch into smartphones This reeks of desperation on their part. However: It shows two things for us.... 1. FOMO is a powerful force! 2. If they perceive that attaching themselves to blockchain tech will boost their stock, that is a strong endorsement of how the space is being viewed in general.
OP says: &gt;I wish Bitcoin was strong again. WTF its never been stronger. Goodbye? I never understand why people make these posts...do you want us to congratulate you???
Reminds me (in a good way) of the "give me your address" joke from Mr. Robot: https://i.imgur.com/nGJGBLv.jpg
Former IL resident: Durbin is one of the only bright spots in IL politics in my lifetime. I am nearly 40.
Agree on all three!
Good lord yes.
I am working on this theory also. The next 24-48 hours will be interesting!
Trading can be super fun and exciting, but you have to understand the game you are playing and who you are up against. I think taking $100 and treating it like its already gone, and trading that for fun and to learn is a worthwhile endeavor. The guy who lost 200 btc started chasing it, which is addictive gambling behavior...he was mentally not suited to trading.
I expected Scalia 2.0. I did not expect Scalia 0.2.1_alpha. Fuck
Many of us, strongly disagree with your proposal. Universal care for all, paid by taxation of the upper 10% is the only acceptable solution. P.s. i am in that 10%
&gt; I'd like to understand why you disagree. If you are going to use more healthcare, due to your personal choices, you are going to cost more to the system. Why shouldn't you pay more? You and I are never going to see eye to eye on this. Your question makes it clear that this is financial for you, and for me its a matter of principal.
We have more than enough to fund a proper system.
That is strange. One thing to check is the crank case breather hoses that run up into the intake. Those are another way that oil can escape if overfilled, and you should verify they are not clogged. I ran outlaw vents on my sporty, so i was venting crankcase air directly to the atmosphere. That nonsense is done for stupid EPA rules. Verify those hoses are ok, and that you dont see a lot of oil in your intake housing. After that: Drain the oil completely. Measure what comes out. Refill exactly according to the manual and report back! :-)
Keep this shit up FB, and you are going to find it hard to attract or keep talent.
Critical thinking is a learned skill. The scientific method is a learned algorithm for methodically testing hypothesis about the world. If you were never taught how to THINK as a child, the chances that you will self acquire those skills as an adult is, by my estimation, very low. Its not as simple as access. It has to be access, PLUS the ability to synthesize the information and apply it.
Formal education =\= thinking well
Bigotry for time is the WOD
The idea that an ex spy of his caliber does anything by accident is insulting to the reader. Smh
I have been there (UofI Alum), its a really nice spot by the Japan House, which was a favorite place for my wife and I to picnic when we lived there.
&gt; snorts cocaine WHAT THE FUCK IS A PREVIEW I just spit coffee on a $150 keyboard. Hoooooooolyshitlol
God fuck this industry. “Work for two days for free” Fucking never.
More like: You are getting bankrupt by our lack of functional health care.
Get sick for real and you are bankrupt on that plan.
I am also 40 and ive never felt like my skills were sharper. I just started some months ago at my dream job and getting here finally at 40 is extremely satisfying. I understand where op is coming from, but i feel like this is going to be something that each of us has to test for ourselves: When is it time to change roles? I don’t know, but I do know that I get stronger as an engineer every few years. When that stops, maybe that will be my sign to move on?
You mean the backstop/ bullet trap. Firing at the walls at an indoor range is an instant ban everywhere ive ever shot.
Vacuum systems like this have been in every dealership service area ive ever worked/seen
On the flipside: The ridgid and frankly lazy moderation here also doesnt help. I am a 15 year vet that typed up a four page guide on how to max your chances to get hired at goog and it was deleted on some stupid fucking naming issue and I was told to post it as a comment in another thread. This sub is garbage. I only lurk here now so i can PM people i know i can help, then i help them directly. Ask the mods to do a better job and stop chasing away the vets who try to help. Edit: well this blew up. Let me extract the write up from that throwaway account and i will send it out to the mass of people who pmd me. I have a busy evening so bear with me please UPDATE: Found the original write up, here is the original: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ PM's replied.
I will try to dig it up. I used a throwaway and i think i kept the auth info. If you have any specific questions, pm me and ill do my best. Lots i cant talk about, but lots that i can.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
Ok so I managed to find the auth to that throwaway and I took the post and stuck it into a pastebin: https://pastebin.com/PB1PAPXZ Hope this helps.
In my case the SRE role does focus more on ops and linux internals, so i focused on that. For example if you walk into a goog interview without having a solid grasp of things like VFS and inodes, that may burn you once they discover that hole in your knowledge. For SRE there are three tracks into the role: Sre-swe: You become an sre by demonstrating that you are a strong SWE who is passionate about sre. Sre-se: Your interview focuses less on algos and is wayyyyy more intense on linux, systems design, networking, and Nalsd. In my case it was a tossup. I have a very strong cs skill set and education, but i have more fun doing ops type work. I chose SRE-SE. That meant the coding was slightly easier but the rest was murder.
The halvening dates are known. Go look at a price chart and examine the price around those dates.
I love what you said, but you might surprise yourself. Its an amazing thing, the human condition. Sometimes, and usually for others, we are capable of incredible things that we didnt know we were capable of.
What a thoughtful reply. Thank you for sharing. Ill be a first time parent in September and i am going through the “my life isnt my own” transition now, so i feel like i am starting to understand where you are at.
If you cant parse that statement, nothing i could do to explain it would help.
So my best friend is gay and we had a really similar conversation recently about this. I think he similarly had kinda not thought too much about it. It went like this: “Damn. Parenthood is a trip. I just realized that i should probably install a level 3 kevlar insert in my kids bookbag. Its easy to do, but I am torn on whether or not to tell her. How the fuck do i explain school shootings?” “Fuck. Jesus. Yeah thats something you should do but maybe not tell her until later? Shit how much are those?” “About $100 on Ebay. I have one in my bag right now. Ever since fucking vegas.” “...” “...”
Upvote for the Keaton style batman logo.
Ah the ol Brazilian Tap.
Did-a-chum
What bothers me the most about this is that mugshot of hers. She is smirking, like she is proud of what she did. I think there is nothing on earth, not even cruelty to humans that makes me furious faster than animal abuse.
Absolutely not
This is hilarious. Bravo.
Thank fucking god someone else posted this. Cultural mores like turning down an offered gift when you really intend to accept, but are expected to first refuse are common even here in the states, but their commonality does not make them in any way rational. The server analogy is perfect. Try to create a protocol where the handshake is like SYN -&gt;, &lt;- RST, SYN -&gt;, SYN-ACK &lt;-, ACK -&gt;. Go ahead, we will wait.... Edit: s/jot/not/g
What a devious argument. Its brilliant in that it uses my concern for others to actually reduce my instinct to act to help them. Machiavelli would slow clap this one. What you have suggested is like saying “Yeah we know your brother shot you, but we are all one family, and it could have been anyone, so lets just move forward together as a family”
Let this be a lesson for you: In unregulated capitalism, the *only* goal is to make money. This is a feature, not a bug. Now you understand what we are up against.
Imho you are bikeshedding now
When i cross the border now, i factory reset my devices first. You assholes are welcome to inspect the chrome os and ios welcome screens. I just restore from the cloud at the hotel.
Since i started this policy i have been very lucky to have only gone through international customs once and it was not an issue. So far so good.
One reason why i use a chromebook is that i can wipe it or lose it and lose absolutely nothing
I got that covered. My accounts, all of them, require a FIDO physical key. I can send it to anywhere, and its there for me. I *cannot* unlock my credentials from the airport. Not possible. I use a different key, but start here: https://www.yubico.com
I cannot log in from the airport. Impossible. My logins require a physical security key. I do not carry it with me at the airport. This is part of what i do for a living (keep data safe).
No way around 2 from the airport. Ballot box, soap box,....
Not mutually exclusive!
Peter Benchley (author of jaws) wrote a great book where the antagonist was a giant squid. It was a great read.
If you wondering how this connects: Our warlike culture starts at home. We teach our kids lessons with violence, then those kids bring that singular problem solving technique to bear on the world. That is how you get a populace that sees preemptive strikes as ethical.
I tried to run this through Google Translate. It identified it as Russian, but could not produce a valid translation. I aslo tried Ukranian on the small chance that google was wrong. No luck. Can anyone translate OPs post into English?
Holy shit that worked where Google translate failed. Thanks! Translated: Hello Hello, help me please do not know where to apply in general today decided to transfer bitcoins through the exchanger best changa on the card sberbank I made 4 requests for withdrawal as y I failed to transfer tried to transfer 4 times to the wallet specified for transfer to the best changa enter the amount pressed send unsent comes out a bug related to update the purse electromo to 4 versions I updated the address of the recipient and the amount 0.016 pressed send to transfer and all Mai 0.032 bitcoin funds were written off instantly and the recipient's number was somehow another one to help where to apply for a refund now Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator
Learning about nonviolent parenting is something we need to talk more about. This should be a national conversation. And the data just doesn’t lie. Kids who were hit (yes even spankings) measure worse on a number of extremely critical measurements. The debate in the world of child psychology is over. Its not even an argument anymore. One of maybe 10,000 such sources: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/insight-therapy/201802/the-spanking-debate-is-over
Use a hairdryer or (more carefully) a heat gun to soften the adhesive. Carefully remove what you can this way, then start looking at dash-safe solvents.
Nearly everyone in WA west of the cascades already uses BECU.
Yeah no. Living Colour was an incredible band that was maybe 15 years ahead of its time. It also smashed through a racial barrier in the US. Trump is the opposite of everything that made Living Colour a permanent name in the history of metal in the 90s.
Not for metal. Do your homework
If you want to be technical, they were likely best classed as “funk metal”. Very small group, others that may have been fairly called funk metal are Primus and possibly Faith No More. Edit: How on earth could I not also mention Fishbone. Less metal, very similar in terms of influence.
Gonna keep upvoting these in hopes the visibility helps prevent this for others. OP this sucks, sorry you learned this the painful way.
Angel Dust is one of the albums from that era that still gets regular rotation in my playlists.
Even if they had. The Bible is supposed to be the moral and ethical foundation of Christianity. It specifies rules that humans should live by. And it fails the single most basic moral test possible: It permits and even encourages slavery. The bible is simply not going to help humanity. It never has and it never will.
That wasnt a disaster. That was a lab with shitty security, and a kid with curiously and a good brain. I work in security and a story like that might get you a call back tbh.
No dude. Its fucking stupid. Broken hands are fucking stupid. I spent years learning how to choke fools so i no longer have to break my goddamn hands. This just seems stupid, and appeals to the “just bleed” crowd almost exclusively.
I mean this in the kindest way possible: If this had been titled “A beginners experiment with network recon” and framed as you looking for critique on your approach, it would be a positive contribution to the space. By calling itself a guide for beginners, it does a disservice to beginners who will not understand why some of the design decisions highlighted by others were made. Take this feedback and try a v2 that is more accurately labeled.
Thanks! I had never heard of this until my wife saw an ad for a company that wants like $80 to make ONE PIECE of jewelry. She said she really wanted one and I was like "hold my beer". For like $30 I was able to make a few dozen jewels and she was blown away. Feels good man.
Heres a few pics of the finished product: https://imgur.com/a/5lhKkTm/
I have a trezor and ledger and love them both. Ymmv.
Wait is this a joke? I googled it and founf no reference to hoyt making a kosher bow. If so that is fucking rad tho. There is a custom that on the 33rd day of Omer kids practice archery. Cant remember the symbolism. Full disclosure i am not jewish but i had a few good jewish friends. Update: After thinking about it, i have decided this must be an antisemitic joke. That shit is in terrible taste if so. Edit: Not a joke, just a reeeeaaaally unfortunate autocorrect.
All of those rules are unmitigated nonsense.
You will not be hunt ready with a recurve in one year unless you shoot at least a hundred arrows a week, every week. Get a compound.
Its hard being short in a world built for tall adults! Good job my dude!
Maybe for kids? It looks really flimsy.
Make sure you know your cut charts. A 25 yard shot from a stand at 35 degrees is likely to angle compensate to about 22 yards. Factor in the fact that the deer likely ducked the shot and missing high is common.
My wife has had a really difficult and emotional struggle with breastfeeding. As a gift for her, i ended up turning some of her breast milk into jewelry so she could keep a little piece of the experience forever. She cried and was super appreciative. If anyone wants to try this, i wrote a guide after being asked a dozen times by her friends. Here is the guide if you or your partner wants to try: https://pastebin.com/RTkdCtqW Pics: https://i.imgur.com/uWhjLR1.jpg
That is the oxytocin. Its called Cute Aggression: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cute_aggression
Tip: Start with fletching tape. Its awesome and makes it way easier to redo a bad fletch vs glue. I have arrows i fletched (i make my own wood arrows for trad shooting) that i have shot hundreds of times and the tape is still holding strong. Also vanes can be removed and reused if you use tape. The Bohning fletch tape is my go to, even for hunting arrows. One of my arrows, tape fletched: https://i.imgur.com/GCoI0vk.jpg
Hoyt and Mathews are solid. PSE is good. Bowtech is also good. You can still find a Mathews Z3 nib with warranty for $499 om Ebay. That is my main bow (my backup is an older Hoyt). If you can find a used Z3 that would be a great choice, but be sure to get it in the correct draw as you need to swap the cam on that bow to change draws. I still shoot my 15 year old Hoyt that I paid $150 for years ago. It still shoots true. The only thing wrong with it is that its heavy as hell and wayyyy less smooth than my Mathews solocam. Id take it hunting without hesitation. Whatever you get: Have a bowshop inspect and tune it. If you buy used: buy from a bow shop, not a pawn shop. Pawn brokers dont know shit about bows. Another good choice would be the Bowtech/Diamond Infinite Edge Pro. That is kinda *the* entry level of the serious compound bow category and its super adjustable so you will have lots of room to get the draw and poundage right. You can find these all day long since people start with them a d then get brand envy and sell them to buy a Hoyt or Mathews. Example: $350 new (2020 model) and it has everything - https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F311885669435
Its a pain, but depending on your situation I would look for the best bow shop within a few hours drive and just go there. In my case my local shop is amazing (Nock Point Seattle), but i would not mind driving a few hours to get a really good tune on my bow. You need a good shop. You cannot tune your own compound until you get a lot of experience and equipment. Its worth traveling of your local shop sucks.
Those sneak boot pros are neat. Had no idea they existed. I have some bison skin mocs that are incredible for quiet stalking but obviously they are only good in dry weather. Great video. One trick that i would mention is that streams create cool air tunnels that run downhill. You can walk these uphill and be “face into the wind” if you stay in the air tunnel, even if the main wind direction differs. This is the same as how air runs downhill at sunet and uphill at sunrise due to the warming/cooling of the sun.
How long do those boot covers last? I may pick up a set for this next season.
Dark souls is the exception. Its perfectly understandable to get thay angry when facing Ornstien and Smough. I mean...dont act on it, but yeah that rage is sometime natural lol.
Holy shit dude. Triplets? You dont even have enough hands! Best of luck!
Fuck him. Our community deserves way better icons than this racist shitbag.
The fmjs bend if you look at them funny. I hate those arrows so much. Never again. I have bent those just pulling them out of 3D targets. They fly very well but they are too fragile for me. I switched to Carbon Express Maxima Reds and never looked back. They are tough as nails. You wont ever get them to fly right once bent. A bent fmj is done.
Both can be set up to be very reliable. No real concern with one vs the other.
Look for pinching wires at the grips. Big giveaway is the blinker. That is super common after people change controls/bars/grips and pinch a wire.
No right or wrong here, its up to you. I would not recommend a tension release though, unless you practice how you hunt: I.e. can you get your tension right on a high pressure, no warm up shot from a tree stand/saddle/blind? Otherwise, its all up to you if you want to use a hinge, thumb trigger, or wrist release. I would recommend finding a way to attach a lanyard to your release if you use a non wrist release. Too many stories of expensive releases lost in the woods not to, imvho.
I can vouch for 60x and abb. Heard nothing but praise for archery shack but never used them.
That shit looked like the Nicholson Joker gun lol. Never rub another man’s rhubarb.
Comparing recurve to conpound is like comparing a sailboat to a power boat. Both are wonderful, but they are very different. If the goal is hunting: Compound all the way. It has a far far shorter time from zero experience to being hunting accurate, and provides far more power. Very few archers can accurately shoot a 60lb recurve, but a 60lb compound wirh 75%+ letoff is pretty reasonable. If the goal is a love of archery: Get both. There is a lot more to recurve shooting that you can sink your teeth into at home. 20 yards doesn’t get boring for a recurve, but with a compound you can get bored fast at 20. I shoot oly barebow, trad barebow, horsebows, and compound. I shoot 3D, flat ranges, and fita. I love it all. If you said to me “one bow for the rest of your life” i would choose my 40lb recurve. That is just because recurve will always be the heart of what i love about archery. Plus i shoot every day. I can only hunt a few days a year, max. Archery as a sport means more to me than hunting, but hunting is what love to do whenever i can. However: I only hunt with a compound. Ethical kills are far more important to me than the deep satisfaction i would get from taking a deer with a recurve. Basically: Do what calls to you. I can’t deny the compounds win the day for hunting and they are so amazing. Recurves will always be my home base though.
Id say go to your local pro shop, tell them your budget and get fitted for a compound. Pick what *feels* best, not what looks coolest.
I just meant that it seems cam and joe are close. With dudley tuning joes bows its not a crazy thought.
Yeah i think your arguments make complete sense. Hell, I would love to have a company pay me to shoot their bows, can’t say i blame him!
White birch is the same. It will pop and send embers flying 4-5’ easily.
Drum set.
You aren’t going to get my sympathy here. If you had posted this as a “am i the asshole” thread i would most definitely vote yes.
Disagree. See: Mathews vertix blowing cam bearings left and right Bowtech anything from 2010-2017 with failing limbs. Hoyts various untunble bows, some of which cost $1500 bare. Defiant on #3 cams was a tuning nightmare. Rx1 had cam timing hell. If you want a reliable bow, you should ask someone working at a good pro shop. They, like mechanics with cars, see all the failures and know what models are solid. Meanwhile i have a 16 year old Hoyt Reflex that is a tackdriver and it was a budget model even back then. So no, it’s absolutely not a guarantee that dropping $1200 gets you a reliable experience. You still have to make a careful choice.
Man ive trekked all over the state of WA with this thing, up Rainier....its been good to me. Maybe i got lucky?
Subscribed for what i pray is a positive update. OP you arent alone. We are with you becsuse we are all connected. Stay strong.
Here is the other thread: https://reddit.com/r/bowhunting/comments/eifgpz/cheap_bow_to_get_into_it/ I was basically the only person who said you would need more time and that was because you wanted to hunt with a samick sage on zero archery experience and i said get a compound.
Yeah i hope it didnt come off negative, if so, my bad! :-) I suggest both if you can. A recurve is awesome because its unforgiving. It will teach you about form and consistency in a way that a compound may not. But its also a much slower learning curve and takes a longer time to reach hunting effectiveness...especially when you learn how tricky broadheads are with a recurve. If you get a sage to learn on, and can also get an entry level compound like a used Diamond Infinite Edge that will be a great combo. Be sure to have a good bow shop help set up your compound. They should set the bow for your draw length, set the peep for you, and give the bow a tune so it shoots true. Your draw is measured by measuring your wingspan with arms fully extended (think Jesus pose) from the tips of your fingers, then divide that number in inches by 2.5. For example, i have a 29.5” draw. The average is 28”. This matters for both recurve and compound. For recurve it affects your choice of bow and poundage. Recurves are rated at a draw like “40lbs at 28inches”. So if your draw is shorter the bow will be lighter and vice versa. My 40lb recurve pulls 42.5lbs at my 29.5” draw.
I strongly suspect PSE. There was a leak for a few hours today on their site that referred to a “nockon” edition of a bow...they pulled it down but it got screencapped on AT.
I suspect that he wants to help design a bow, and maybe pse was willing to let him do that. In theory it would be really cool, since he could help guide the design of a bow that has features that align with his archery style and how he teaches. I am not sure if that has been done before? Ive seen names on bows, but i get the sense that he wants real design input.
Imvho hoyt has been slipping a bit. They still make incredible bows, but many of them need expert tuning out of the box. Ata lengths .5” off, limbs up to #5lbs out of adjustment, etc... talk to any hoyt shop tuner after they have had a few beers and they will tell you the same. Meanwhile, my mathews was shooting bulletholes in paper out of the box. All it needed was a rest and proper dloop installation. I am still a hoyt fan, i still shoot my hoyt, but they have invested a *ton* into pushing carbon bows while pse, prime, and mathews have been focusing on factory build quality. At this point, there is no “best brand” anymore. The playing field has leveled off substantially.
What distance did you paper check? Its not hard to get into a situation where a point blank paper check gives a bullethole, but you have a massive tear at 10, 15, or 20 yards. Also did you check paper with a bareshaft or fletched? Check a bare shaft. Its *possible* that its your sight but unless you installed it wrong, you shouldnt need more left adjustment than it offers. That is usually a sign that something is way out of whack.
Op: if you are getting string bite on your bow arm, its a form issue that for many is solved by fixing their grip. Though the grip is vertical, your gripping hand should be at a 45 degree angle. The flat spine of the grip should press into the thumb part of your palm, not into the main palm where your “life line” runs. Try curling your pinky and ring fingers in like a fist, so they dont wrap around the grip at all. That should move your hand out to a 45 angle and stop the string bite. Then you won’t need an arm guard and the guard wont damage your string. https://i.imgur.com/XcAvoHH.jpg
I have a 29.5” draw and run 31.5” arrows. As long as your static and dynamic spine is good you are fine. Also i shoot broadheads so having the blades past the shelf (and therefore my hand) is a nice thing for safety.
This chart is easy to digest and good for carbon arrows. You select based on arrow length, tip weight, and bow poundage at your draw: https://i.imgur.com/Jd7aPIX.jpg Example: My trad recurve pulls about 42lbs@29.5” and i shoot ~30”-31” arrows with 100gr tips. The chart says “use a 400 spine” which is right on the money. I get great results with a 31.5” 350 spine arrow if i use 125-145gr tips also.
Ok so its based on a few things. Generally the standard is 100gr. The more weight you put at the front of the arrow, softens the dynamic spine. That means by adding weight to the front, the arrow acts softer. So, if you were running a bit stiff, add more tip weight. A bit soft? Reduce tip weight. I have arrows that are a bit stiff, say a 350 when 400 would be ideal, where going to 125 or 145gr makes them fly great. Start at 100gr and experiment from there.
Yeah it sounds like the inserts are free spinning. I hate hot melt.
My father’s name was James. Great name.
This was yet another artistic and beautiful testament to the sport we love. What a wonderful short film.
Hunting with a recurve is very challenging. You will need to have groups about 1” for every 10 yards. I.e. 1”@10, 2”@20, 3”@30,... and when you start shooting 4” groups that is likely your max ethical range. You will want to shoot not less than 40lbs at your draw length for hunting deer. Many states require either 35 or 40lbs minimum. The sage is a fine first bow. I recommend you start with 25-30lb limbs and get good with those, then buy a set of 40+ lb limbs. Starting heavy leads to building bad habits for many people.
Man i would want to be shooting 80lbs, at least 280fps with a 550gr arrow for bison. I would probably want an Ironwill fixed blade head for bison. I hunt deer with nap killzones on a 478gr arrow at 275fps but i dont know if i would trust them for bison. Much thicker hide and ribs on a bison.
They are nice if you take long shots in wind. Outdoor 3d is a great example. For any other use they seem like paying for a feature i wont benefit from.
I am not sure. They closed and apparently reopened registration. You can check here: https://totalarcherychallenge.strideevents.com/events-series/total-archery-challenge/series/register It says the registration is closed, i would email them and see. They are very responsive on email and by phone.
I shoot horsebows a bit. You want a feather fletched arrow and it is critical that you get the spine correct. What weight bow did you buy, and what is your draw? Are you going to thumb draw and/or overdraw? Will you nock on the right or left? Once you get this info i can help guide your decision a bit. Heres a few of mine, i made that arrow btw. https://i.imgur.com/DK2Ekkx.jpg
Ok start here with the archers paradox. https://youtu.be/jOiCxFbFIEM https://youtu.be/O7zewtuUM_0 Then go here: https://www.completeguidetoarchery.com/how-to-choose-arrows-a-guide/
You are a hero to that boy and he is lucky to have you as his father.
This one works: https://www.victoryarchery.com/arrow-guide/
Lol go ahead and try it.
I really love Plano cases. Their rifle cases will fit the bill. I have a few Pelicans too, but the tradeoff for their sealed design and end of the world indestructiblility is their weight is extreme. Its like lugging a dead body on wheels. Unless you need to check it for flight, or ship it UPS, go Plano. If you need to do these things, Pelican no questions. The air series is lighter (by Pelican standards).
Wtaf is wrong with you.
I recommend using both a TSA lock and a zip tie in a unique color so you know they were in your case. Irony: the only way to keep them out is to also transport a firearm. Even a harmless starter pistol fits that bill. They will inspect and seal it with you there and then it gets handled with a completly different process. They treat losing a case with a firearm like losing a nuclear weapon. For this reason, people who transport extremely expensive camera gear often throw a starter pistol in the case to ensure it wont get opened or lost.
You should absolutely adjust it for your correct draw. Also set it to the lowest draw weight in its range (something between 40-70) for your first few months. Coming off a shoulder injury you don’t want to take chances. Archery uses different muscles than many other activities and its common to get pretty sore (even for guys that lift) until you get your form down and good muscle memory achieved. For example: it’s probably a diamond infinite edge. I would take it to a bow shop and ask them to measure your draw, set the draw, confirm the peep is positioned right, and set the poundage to either 40, 45, or 50lbs. Shoot it at 50 for a while and then you can move it up. I shoot a 40lb recurve but a 60lb compound with 80% letoff.
For footwear: the softer the sole, the better. Some hunt and stalk hunters wear slip on covers where the bottom is memory foam covered in fleece. Basically: Moccasins. Leather is extremely quiet. A pair of Minnetonka mocs with the leather bottoms is likely the best thing you could wear for quiet steps. Bless you for what you do. From the bottom of my heart I appreciate what you are doing here. I am unfortunately too familiar with hospice already.
I do not recommend wd40 or any other penetrating oils since they might damage the limb materials. Obviously a bow shop is the place to take this. If you cannot or will not go to a bow shop: Find out if anyone you know has an electric impact driver. Put the frame of the bow in a padded vice. Set it to counterclockwise (i.e. to loosen the bolt) on the lowest power and give it a few pulses. I have used this method to get many stubborn bolts unstuck over the years but never needed to use it on a bow. Warning: You really should take it to a shop. This method is what i would do only if i absolutely had to do it myself.
https://shootingtime.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/paper-tuning-a-bow/tuningguide.jpg
Choices are: Move the sight closer to the peep. Move the peep higher. Get a sight with more adjustment. Something designed for longer ranges will have more vertical range, at which point fletching clearances will be the limit. Go to a super light arrow.
A perfectly level draw is not only the most safe, but it is the most efficient from a muscular standpoint. It also gives you more time to get on target if the bow is pointed straight from the moment your draw ends.
This is the kind i use for my oly recurve: https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F172485154689
This video covers it well: https://youtu.be/qcuxXpaT7Eo
Tons of us dont use them. I hate them personally.
Carbon for arrows. For the bow I recommend anything that has limbs in lots of weights. A black ilf riser would be great and then you can get a one piece recurve like a kodiak.
I am an archery nerd and i think archery is boring af to watch. I enjoy the highlight reels but thats it.
What this guy said. Bareshaft through paper doesnt lie.
Thanks that was a good video. Been wanting to try a saddle for a while now. I dont care for tree stands much.
Do you prefer climbing sticks or the ones you strap to your legs?
Thanks ill bookmark those.
That is the answer because that bow can be set for an extremely wide range of both draw lengths and poundage. Its guaranteed to fit him unless he is an nba player.
Oh i meant try out a tree saddle, not specifically this mod. I was looking at the tethrd Mantis. Thanks for the info!
I tried to scoop an arrow sticking into the ground and lets just say that is some next level shit. It was very hard. Still a beautiful design.
I was initially thinking climbing sticks to go up and down. Getting a simple belay device and just rappelling down is appealing.
Good on you for taking lessons. I think i was 8 when my dad handed me a long bow and a pile of youth arrows. I had no idea what i was doing. I shot instintively for years and years without a single lesson or idea of what was right and wrong. Then one day we had an archery unit in jr high. I picked up a bow and using my very wrong yet effective form, started hitting Xs and my teacher was like “how can you shoot accurately and do literally everything the wrong way?!?”. Years later I finally got an olympic recurve and started to unlearn a decade of terrible habits. It was like starting over completely. Dont be like me lol. Take lessons.
Distance? Bow?
Better move to a 5 spot at that distance or you are gonna start breaking arrows.
Yeah some of the walmart and cabelas arrows are actually quite good.
Please use these resources: https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
The ones made by Victory are excellent. Basically any arrow made by Victory is really good.
In those 1200 arrows how often have you waxed it? Wax those cables, shoot 50, check that spot. If the fraying is back/worse, you likely have an issue causing abnormal cable wear. Best bet is take it to a good pro shop and have them check it out.
Hmmm. I think it looks fine to shoot, but i would definitely get it to a pro shop and get them to check it out as soon as you can.
https://i.imgur.com/eyHUUUv.jpg
I have a few bows from alibow. They are outstanding. https://i.imgur.com/KFR2ZEM.jpg
It will fix your string bite. The string biting your bow arm is either a grip issue or you are way overdrawing (and its rare to be the second thing).
Cams are sold to mathews dealers. You can use the lookup on the mathews website to find your nearest dealer. Every mathews has a lifetime warranty. Call them and ask about your bow and if it’s registered. https://www.mathewsinc.com/find-retailer/ https://www.mathewsinc.com/contact/ Any multi pin will do fine. Single pins too. Trophy ridge makes good sights that are affordable and have enough adjustment for you starting out. You dont need a 3 axis axcel right now. Keep your shooting to 10-20 yards for a while. Rests... my advice is to start with a basic whisker biscuit on the bow and shoot that for a whole season. By the time it wears out you can dip into the world of drop away rests and dive into that rabbithole. Main points: 1). Go to a Mathews dealer. Not some bubba gun shop. Not a hoyt only shop. A mathews dealer. 2). Have them measure your draw. They will order the right cam. Have them inspect your string+cables and replace them if needed. Factory zebra strings are fine. 3). Have them move your peep so its right for you. They can help you find your anchor too. 4). Have them install your sight and rest. Request a paper tune. This is where they shoot an arrow through paper to verify the bow shoots true. 5). Let them sell you the correct arrows. Arrows are chosen by spine, tip weight, length and weight and all four are inter related. For now just use what they recommend. You dont need any fancy micro diameter bullshit. A basic carbon hunting arrow is all you need. 6). Buy a basic wrist release if you dont have one already. A trufire hardcore is like $60 and its awesome to start with. 7). Have them show you how to sight in your sight. Start at 10 yards. The pin follows the arrow: if the arrow is high, move the pin up. Left? Move the pin left. Do NOT move the rest, just the sight. 8). Learn how to shoot. Foot placement. Stance. Grip. Draw. Anchor. Sight picture. Shot execution. Follow through. Here are some references: Arrows: https://www.completeguidetoarchery.com/how-to-choose-arrows-a-guide/ Grip: https://i.imgur.com/9HMnbsg.jpg How to shoot (do this whole series): https://youtu.be/BvzzpNL2J-c
Welcome to the best hobby ever. Ive been flinging arrows since i was 8. It only gets better with time.
You are overbowed. I have been shooting all my life. I hunt with a 60lb conpound but my recurves are 30, 38, and 40lbs. You need to be very experienced to shoot a 55lb recurve accurately. Go get a 30lb recurve and shoot it until you break arrows at 20 yards, then revisit a 55lb recurve.
Man you know that arrow had a lot of foc.
Is that a mattress?
Do you really want a bow mounted quiver? There are other options. You can get a Kwikee Quiver and use the Sidewinder mount to get it on your hip like a gun. Works awesome even for stalking through brush. That is what i use because I absolutely hate bow quivers. Just a thought. Example: https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcSo0ZfL1UjgxdOn5EenkbqlqH-6_7VRc3lAbpfhOF_Am1z02tgz
Fix your shot process. Push the bow on your follow through and dont let your shoulder collapse.
Then take a look at the Tight Spot series of quivers. They seem to be the top quiver around and may work better for your use case. If not, it sure wont be hard to sell one.
Take down as your first because: 1). You can buy more than one set of limbs for most takedowns. This lets you start light and work up to shooting hunting weights. 2). Easier transport to and from the range. Be sure to get a bow stringer. Most recurves are broken during stringing and unstringing. Don’t step through the bow. Buy a stringer, they are cheap.
If you are hoping for kids to be nicer in jr high, I am sorry you tell you that is absolutely wrong. Jr high is the most vicious and cruel age for kids. Brace yourself.
What is your draw length? This is important. Happy to help you here. Arrows are chosen by length, tip weight, and bow poundage. Here is a lookup chart for carbon arrows that will help show what i mean: https://i.imgur.com/OKWKi68.jpg I think these days carbon is superior to aluminum for most applications except for certain target archery applications like fat line cutters for indoor competition.
I am so glad to hear that!! Jr high can be really brutal for a lot of kids.
Win and Win makes outstanding bows/risers/limbs. Best in the world imvho.
Talk to any hunter and you will learn otherwise.
Keep in mind that your peep height is a huge factor on your range. Watch long range shooters, it’s pretty common for them to have a low anchor, which comes from having a high peep location. The two biggest limiting factors for range are your sight making contact with your fletchings, and peep height. I would start with a peep location that gives you a low jawbone anchor. That will give you a ton of range potential, assuming your sight has plenty of adjustment and your bow is fast enough. HHA, Black Gold, Axcel, and Spot Hogg will be your best choices for sights. However: I have a trophy ridge alpha (a poor mans version of the ones i just mentioned) and with a high peep incan shoot out to 110yards. My bow is shooting about 275fps right now with the heavier arrows i like. If i went to a lighter 3d style arrow in the 330gr range i could hit like 295fps and likely get to 120-130yards.
Wtf is this from lol?
Sounds like me. I hunt from 10-50 yards. I practice from 20-80. I do some shoots like Total Archery Challenge where you take shots out to 100 yards though. For the 80-100 shots I usually just walk up a little since my sight isn’t calibrated past 90 and frankly i am not very consistent past 80. I like to practice past my hunting range because it gives me confidence that those 20-50 hunting shots will hit the mark.
60x is who ive been using for years. Honorable mention also to: Archery Shack, Twisted X, and ABB.
Jan, you have no idea the physical toll three vasectomies have on a person! Snip snap snip snap! (Congrats bro!)
Contact 60x and ask them. They are awesome. https://www.60xcustomstrings.com/
If you wrap them and keep them out of the rain, they last far longer. Example: https://i.imgur.com/qCkeYXO.jpg
Here you go: https://i.imgur.com/JQRqpK7.jpg
You may as well ask “who is over 40?” Parker was a name when i was a kid, but my bow was a Bear growing up. Shame to see any american archery company close, but parker failed to compete with Hoyt and Mathews. Such is the way of things.
Awesome
You be you! I think its awesome that you are expressing who you are, fearlessly, while allowing your daughter to do the same. I am fully sleeved, entire back inked and half my chest done, and my daughter just started noticing the colors on my skin. All i want is for her to be happy, strong, and compassionate. Whatever form that takes is good with me.
It *is* possible to have too much back tension. On a compound bow you will pull too hard against the back wall and it can result in poor or misaligned follow through. On a recurve it can manifest as overdrawing your bow or again, poor follow through. My yoga teacher had a great quote that applies here: “Relax what is possible, strengthen what is necessary”. Same applies here. “Enough” back tension is just enough to hold a clean anchor at the correct draw length with good form. More and it will distort your form.
Try fletch tape. Its really tough and bonds instantly. Bohning makes my favorite tape.
Its on his school of nock series. Paraphrasing: Stance / foot placement, shoulders, draw, anchor, sight picture, back tension, shot execution, follow through. https://youtu.be/BvzzpNL2J-c
I did for years, until i got bored with shooting at 20 all the time. Now i am a member of a club with two challenging walkthrough courses with shots from 20-105 yards and a flat range from 10-80. Muuuuch more fun. I always have to think about wind/rain, and the angles are up to 35degrees. An example of what i shoot now, 65 yards range adjusted to 60 @ ~30 degree angle. https://i.imgur.com/IeMUQ38.jpg
Jesus that grip hurts my eyes.
Crossbows are a blight on archery.
Thats nice. I go back and forth between wanting to make a stationary target like this, and putting it on a cart/wheels so i could move it around.
Oh sweet.
I shoot barebow also. That is a damn good shot.
Beautiful
Wow ok. Yeah sounds like a hybrid style. String walking is what works for me because my sight picture and anchor never change. That helps my consistency a lot. I mess with horse bows also and i shoot those instinctively. Just for fun.
Hmmm. I think the best would be to see an archery coach. Second to that, post a picture of yourself at full draw and ask for a form check. Something is wrong if you grip is right and you still get string bite, especially on a compound.
Stop shooting wood arrows? Wood can be dangerous if you dont know what you are doing. I make my own wood arrows and its easy to mess it up. Unless you are dead set on wood, switch to carbon. If you are set on wood: I glue my outserts to the arrow with two part epoxy. It is far stronger than the wood. It does *not* pull off. It sounds like you are shooting poorly made arrows which is dangerous with wood. If you break an arrow mid shot, it can go through your bow hand. Here is one of my cedar arrows just for reference: https://i.imgur.com/pW5S4SN.jpg I have shot my own wood arrows hundreds of times into hay, stacked foam, and even 3D targets and never lost a tip. But I take extreme care in making my arrows from the prep, sanding, sealing, tip application, nock application, and fletching. You should not be able to pull your outsert off the shaft. That is a red flag.
I love mine: BPE Pro Series Fletcher, R-Wing https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003DQY1KI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_Uj8jEbEHM40JG
Helical Its the clamp that determines. Mine came with the right helical clamp. They do make a straight clamp also. http://bpemfg.com/products/archery/pro-series-arrow-fletcher
Here, this will help: https://i.imgur.com/FgagO48.jpg
Noooo wd40! If you are sure its the cable slide, i would use string wax or pure beeswax to lubricate it. Those are safe for the strings. If that doesnt do it, take it to your proshop and have them check it. There could be an issue out of your pay grade. :-)
Pics please
You should have string wax already. If not, do get some, a tube is like $5. Use that, but use a tiny amount. You want to avoid any chemicals thay arent designed for bow strings getting on the string. I dont know what vegetable oil would do, so its best to avoid that.
You are going to damage arrows when they start passing through the back. Hang it farther from the cement wall.
If you cannot find a machine shop, your next option would be a highly skilled mechanic. The kind who rebuilds engines, not a dude who just does brake jobs and oil changes.
I am also right handed but left eye dominant. It sucks way more for pistols than bows. I shoot my bow right handed and use my left eye to aim and it works fine, once i got used to it.
No. You shoot it lefty or sell it.
Awesome bow. Living dangerously with it right next to the pool lol.
Measure her draw length. Have her put her arms straight out to the side (like jesus lol) and measure her tip to tip wingspan in inches. Then divide by 2.5 and that is very close to her ideal draw length. Check that against the draw of whatever bow you consider. The bow should either match or be adjusted to match.
Nice! I shoot a Mathews Z3 solocam, the riser looks really similar to this bow. Thats the halon, right? I am also a PNW shooter btw. North Seattle area. Come check out the Kenmore Shooting Range. We have an 80 yard flat range, a 20 yard indoor, and two 3d/walkthrough courses with challenging shots from 20-105 yards at crazy angles: https://i.imgur.com/ROWkskR.jpg We also have a 3D shoot this summer in July the weekend before Northwest Mountain Challenge. Ill be at the kenmore shoot. Ill also be at the R100 in Oregon in April and Total Archery Challenge in Big Sky Mt this july.
Ha i was there today! No i havent shot bownanza, i will look that up. Oh next weekend is the shoot at Cedar River club over at Black Diamond wa.
Oh yeah SVA is a good shop.
I have a early 2000s hoyt that still shoots awesome. All its ever needed was strings and a tune. Welcome!
Stop shooting groups. Shoot three or five spots.
Buy a bow at a pro shop. You will need them anyway.
&gt; To say that I’m selfish I take as a bit of an insult. I’ve worked full-time, come home and parent, go without everything I want to do, and then get told that I’m not doing enough. I think it’s a bullshit position Where you fucked up: You had not one, but two kids and you say you go without everything you want to do. Everything? Why did you have kids if the set of everything you want to do, doesnt include your kids ffs?
So hire a goddamn nanny and get out of your routine? If you want to run the spartan, go run it. Hire childcare and make it happen. Excuse inbound in 3...2...1.....
There it is. You just want to complain and we aint hearing it. There is no such thing as an area completely devoid of childcare.
You had two kids. You chose that. You did it in an area you believe has no babysitters at all. This sounds like shit planning mate. Move then. Change your life. Or dont. But dont show up here crying about all the shit you cant do and then make excuses for all the ways in which you yourself are refusing to do them. If you want to run the spartan, you can do that if you want it bad enough. There is literally nothing more pathetic than watching a grown ass man complain about his life when he has the tools to facilitate change and just wont use them.
You dont have the tools to service your own bow. Keep digging. Owning a compound bow is like owning a car. You either need to find a solid mechanic, or become one yourself. If you want to DIY everything, i applaud that, just realize the tools will cost you $500 at a bare minimum and many many hours of reading, watching, and learning. Its not a small thing to learn how to use a bow press and tune your bow. Its absolutely possible, but its a major endeavor.
So prouf of you, internet stranger! Its extremely hard to ask for help and you did it.
Even if the bow can handle it, its bad for the strings.
Its your grip: https://i.imgur.com/Mj7jvXw.jpg
My hoyt has an nap apache on it. I really like WBs for their simplicity. I think for stalk hunts they provide a level of robust durability that is hard to find in any dropaway. But like in this case they can be tricky to tune.
1). Get a paper tuning rig. You can make one, or buy one for like $15: .30-06 Outdoors Tune-IT D.I.Y. Paper Tuning System, White/Red https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00V72S0BG/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_crZlEbRHM4VFD 2). Put the paper tuner 5-6’ from you and shoot through it into your block/bag target. Make sure there is a few feet from the paper to the target so the arrow can completely clear the paper when it embeds in the target. Read the tears and adjust accordingly: https://i.imgur.com/QOolB2m.jpg 3). If you have a tear you cannot get out via rest adjustment - you need to start tuning the bow. If you dont have a bow press, take it to an expert.
You can buy mom a Camry tho. I get the sense he was buying baller shit.
My sincere advice: Leave him. This behavior is unacceptable under any circumstances and displays a gross level of disregard for your child’s health.
Paragraphs.
Diamond infinite edge is always a great first bow choice.
The issue for hunting is they are loud af.
Yeah for sure. I shoot a mathews solocam which is extremely quiet, and deer still flinch if the shot is 30 yards or less. Shooting with silencers, a 475gr arrow, and stabilization. So the fact that a lever bow is easily 3-5x louder is a nonstarter for many hunters.
Wow what a great bow/photo/story. Awesome.
I read it. I disagree with your reasoning. The reasons to hunt with a trad bow are numerous. The reasons to hunt with a lever bow are few when there are so many amazing recurves out there. Lever bows are just loud ass recurves from an era when compound tech had not taken off imvho.
The d loop rotates because its tied on wrong. You must reverse the knot direction on the top and bottom or you get rotation. Also you absolutely do need d loop pliers. Ebay has them for $15. See this video for the knot direction, in this video he uses regular needlenose pliers which are not the right tool but work in a pinch: https://youtu.be/4qytQDzWj_A
Its a friction thing. Ask any tech at any pro shop about this and they will tell you the same.
Oh sorry. We are talking two things here: 1). When *just* the loop rotates, its tied on wrong. 2). You have what is called *peep rotation*. That is where your string/cables are stretched, and/or the bow is out of tune, so the entire string rotates. I missed the detail that your peep is moving too. To fix your issue: Take your bow to a pro shop and have it tuned, and then the have the peep and dloop re-installed in the correct orientation. Your issue happens sometimes when either a new set of strings/cables stretch, or when the bow goes out of tune (could need to have your yolks adjusted).
I shoot a 40lb recurve comfortably and a 70lb compound comfortably. I think having a 20-30 ln increase from recurve to compound is typical. The letoff on the compound is what makes that possible. I would be horrible shooting a 70lb recurve.
About 100-120? I build my own though, that leads to having more around.
So far really well but we are still on lockdown here so I haven’t been able to shoot out to 60+ and really find out.
A hinge is not bad for hunting. Tons of guys hunt with a hinge. You just need dedication.
Never
Did you set the correct brace height and experment with changes to the brace height?
That is goddamn awesome
I think race swaps are great as long as the race of the character is not a fundamental part of their identity. Its never going to be cool to try a non black, Black Panther for example. A perfect example of a race swap that felt honest and brought new depth was Miles Morales as Spidey. Miles is the shit. He is maybe the besr example of how to update a character to reflect the times and audience.
There is a fiberglass bear recurve that sits on the wall of our local shop strung for like 10+ years and it still pulls 45# at 28” with no limb twist. Fiberglass is amazing.
What is the make/model of the bow? Looks nice
Keep in mind that you can take too much. Taking more than the rda of 1600iu a day over time could create problems for some people. While many people take 5000iu a day, i would not go over that. Too much Vitamin d can cause hypercalcemia.
More the animal: Age, pressure, temperment, rut, etc...
Some extremely punchable faces in the background of this pic. The hate in those sneers is palpable.
Amazon or ebay. If you cant find any: Pure Beeswax. Warm it in your hands first so its softer than at room temp.
That has to be hard as hell. Congratulations.
If you install the dropbox app on ios, you can export voicemails directly to dropbox to save long term. I still have dozens of voicemails from my father who passed away. I dont listen to them often because it wrecks me, but knowing i can listen anytime is a huge comfort on hard days.
Omg my 9 month old does the same thing when excited and its so freaking cute.
Also i just had a kid so now she can hear her grandfathers voice.
Once the app is installed, go into your voicemail from the phone app and there will be a “save to dropbox” option from the save icon (looks like a box with an arrow pointing up).
Here is a screenshot i took from my iPhone showing you the button that you press to get the “save to dropbox” option, circled in yellow: https://i.imgur.com/BDKOcQj.jpg
Very nice work.
Nock Point? I recognize that wall.
Interesting its a shoot through riser and no fletchings. I love horsebows, own a few, have never seen a bow set up like this. Neat.
Looks good. Pressure washer and some simple green will get all the blue off those walls.
I dig this pic. Nice to grow up in a house full of music. :-)
That is awesome. I would be temped to bury a smart speaker or something inside it so I could continue to use it in a modern way. (I.e. stream live phish and jam)
I snorted at Darth Tantrum.
This idiot in his high speed, low drag cosplay smh.
What kind of dumb shit pyramid scheme did you join? Drop that group and dont look back.
Impossible. Best you can do is get a really high quality pic and reprint a new version for your next ride. I detailed cars for a living for years.
