Probably the amount of tattoos and mustache wax the barber likes to go for.
Dubai. I know loads of people who have been there or would like to visit, doesn't appeal to me at all.
Which hasn't been too jarring IMO, Daario Naharis on the other hand...
Them seeing in greyscale does not make hunters invisible to them.
Better for what? I tend to think Android is better for allowing you to control more of how your phone works, Apple is a bit more user friendly. Other than that I don't think they are all that different.
Seriously though if they are just randomly laughing in your face they must be total assholes, regardless of their reasoning. I guess you could either ask them what's up or speak to a friendly coworker and find out if they have any clue. Sounds kind of absurd.
Protip: Don't tell people about these things, just do them. Your brain gives you a little reward just for telling people about your awesome plans and you are actually less likely to go through with them as a result.
Hold on, do you want to know good places to take a date or get suggestions to troll your date? Quite different questions, one a lot stranger than t'other.
Oh really? I had no idea, interesting. I grew up in the UK where it's generally: - Primary school 5-11. - High school (more often called Secondary school) 12-16. After than you can do 2 years of 6th form (usually at the same secondary school) or go to college. Then after than you can do uni. I was in college at 16 and lost it to Katie from biology class, heh.
Yeah that makes sense. I always figured it was kind of a bad representation of a street fight but actually KOing them with a well placed punch would certainly do the trick!
Stupid person here: What's the benefit of this over a phone? Apart from aesthetics.
My mates and I discussed this a while back and not one of us had experienced it. We wondered if it was due to lads being caught with jizzy sheets and claiming it happened in their sleep, creating the myth.
I like a lot of stuff I will never put on for people or at parties or whatever, it just does not go down well with the circles I am currently in. Things like DnB, UKG, Classical. It's not that people hate them (though it is sometimes that) but they would just much prefer something a bit more Poppy.
I would buy a bicycle. I need one but spent too much at Christmas so need to wait a month or so. Doesn't need to be anything special, just a used flat bar road bike or similar.
Probably one of the moments of pure joy I felt driving around the Nurburgring. Track driving is one of my absolute favourite things in the world and this track blew me away.
So many parts of the USA appeal to me but I just don't think I could handle the culture. Top of that list is work culture. FUCK spending your whole year working. I absolutely cannot believe people live their lives with a week off a year. I am currently living in the city I wanted to move to, Sydney. It's amazing. In the future I would very much like to move to Tokyo or perhaps somewhere in Canada.
Go get Fleetwood Macs Greatest hits. My GF loves them so I have been listening and can't believe how many good songs are actually by them. I never realised!
I would always use a fork.
Teenager.
Display an interest in the relevant subjects, ask questions that show you have thought about the business/industry.
You guys don't seem to really get what pizza is like. This pizza looks good.
Japan, China, Russia. All countries with histories and cultures that fascinate me immensely.
What would you suggest for east Redfern to Ultimo (near broadway shopping center)? Looks like Cleveland St might be unavoidable.
Lift heavy shit.
Which is generally harder to groom, a cat or a dog?
Sazerac.
At my last company they put a full page image of me winning the company sack race into the graduate prospectus. It said something like "Will you have fun at *company name*?!". Oh dear.
Exactly. Perhaps [Realestate](https://www.realestate.com.au/buy) too. Though personally I have had better luck with the 2 you mentioned.
Sounds like 2 people trying to pick new ringtones.
Wow, /r/Iamverysmart People have different tastes in music, get used to it. Assuming anyone who doesn't match your taste is somehow inferior to you is pretty silly. My initial comment wasn't even particularly negative and was clearly lighthearted. You sound like someone parodying a music snob. Cringe.
Wrong about what?
Focused on fixing myself, sacked off relationships. Worked out what I didn't like about myself and my situation and took steps to address things individually. Eventually things got better.
I remember thinking District 9 looked like a fairly generic action/invasion movie when I saw the trailer. It turned out to be fucking awesome and quite original.
Eastern Brown Mosquito. It's a species of mosquito that has the venom of the eastern brown snake. Oh shit.
Nothing, it's shit.
Because that's seen as masculine?
What do you mean though? Like when you eat it you hold it so the jelly side is on the bottom? Why would that make any difference?
Last night was Thai takeaway. Tonight I'm not sure yet, will see what the missus fancies. I rarely plan that far ahead.
I am from the UK but live in Aus. I went to a burger place the other day which apparently specialises in burgers from around the world. I ordered the American and it came out with beetroot and no cheese. It was lovely but still, I don't think they understand American burgers at all.
You said that and regret it or you don't care to answer the question?
* Kermode and Mayo's film review * Monday morning podcast (Bill Burr) * Criminal * Desert Island Discs * My dad wrote a porno * Dan Carlin's hardcore history edit: Also, someone is going to come here in a minute and recommend Stuff You Should Know. I just want to say ahead of time ow overrate that podcast is. It's like listening to 2 kind of dull guys read out wikipedia pages. They mess half of it up, aren't funny or insightful and I honestly don't get the attraction.
Well to move to a new country you need a visa for that country. There are likely many types with different rules and condition and so on so you need to research which you are eligible for and make sure they allow you to do what you are hoping to do. From experience I can tell you about moving to Australia from the UK. It wasn't too hard to get here but staying is a little more difficult. I initially got myself a working holiday visa. This allows you to stay in the country for one year and in that time you can only work for up to 6 months with any one employer. I got here and found a job and, before the 6 month deadline arrived, they made me a permanent employee and offered to sponsor me. This allowed me to apply for a new visa, a 457. This allows you to stay in the country for up to 4 years so long as you are employed with the company (you can transfer to other companies in that time though). It took a while to process so I got what is called a bridging visa in the interim which allowed me to work at my job for longer than the 6 months I was originally allowed. If I had not been sponsored I would have had to leave my job and find another for the second half of the year. You can get a second working holiday visa and stay another year but in order to do so you have to go do some farm work for several weeks. Unpaid but you will get to see another side of the country and they feed and bed you. So yeah, research visas and see which fit your plans best.
Erm I don't remember but yeah I probably knew ahead of time and didn't mind, just thought it was the best option and was amused at their claim.
Did he get badly hurt?
Oh for sure there are plenty of good burger places here, Sydney is full of them. Seems like a real trend at the moment.
Seek allows you to search for this sort of thing: [here.](https://www.seek.com.au/jobs-in-community-services-development/fundraising)
Nothing. Usually it's not a factor due to my already being erm...at attention.
Sashimi. I wish I liked it but the texture makes me feel a bit sick.
[Kings](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1137462/). It's fucking awesome but I hardly ever see it mentioned. It did get cancelled after one series but it's still fucking cool. Plus it has Ian McShane in it. Also I don't think [Party Down](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1073507/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1) gets the attention it deserves. Very funny and really quotable but again got cancelled so perhaps that's part of the issue.
Oh yeah I like that too, not sure it's up there with GoT for me though. How far in did you get? I guess if you make it through the 1st season and don't like it then it's just not for you.
That's why they call it the palisades bro!
Well it sort of sounds like they are being mean. They don't think you have a chance with the girl and find it amusing to tell you that you do. I could be wrong of course, but that seems like the most likely explanation.
Stop buying them. You will give in and eat them if you have them in the house. Don't have them in the house. Or anywhere else for that matter. If you find yourself wanting them drink a load of water instead.
I want an op1 so bad!
Just tell him how you would rather it look, don't focus on the bits you didn't like as that might get a little awkward.
Frequency illusion/Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon.
http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/inside-the-mind/human-brain/baader-meinhof-phenomenon.htm
These are well known on FB, in the UK at least. They are completley fake.
Danny Devito.
I was a huge fan of GoldenEye 64, Donkey Kong 64 and Conkers Bad Fur Day.
Reddit.
Cool, what made you pick that verse?
Sounds awesome, got any pics?
Either a Caterham Seven 620 R or a Ferrari 458 Special.
The Streets. Pretty impossible to pick just 3 out of the amazing songs available. I find them so smart and relatable. [Turn the Page](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flt1I1U74h4) [Weak Become Heroes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z1kRhiPE0E) [Stay Positive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk5Df_lDD38) Edit: Really though you just need to listen to either of these albums through and you can't help but realise the greatness: [Original Pirate Material](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nrVrWkq_dc&amp;feature=youtu.be) [A Grand Don't Come for Free](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIKqw-pTiJ0&amp;list=PL6504B7BF4C2AA8BD)
If I am enjoying a meal quite a lot I will find myself humming as I eat it. Used to get told off all the time for that when I was a kid.
If in doubt just bang on GTA V and mess about.
4:08 in the afternoon. Well, because it's 4:08 int he afternoon.
I would go forward in time. Probably 10, then 50, then 100, then 500 years and so on. I am curious to see where it all ends up.
Yeah that's cool, it's a risk I am willing to take!
So? Just microwave it dude, everyone knows that by now surely,.
Yeah I find them pretty strange to be honest. I haven't seen people use fruit machines in the UK in the same way I see people use pokies here. Just mindlessly jamming in money while looking bored as fuck. The appeal is lost on me.
Yeah that makes senses. I do see people using them in quite a mindless way here. In the UK it's more often a bloke who thinks he can outsmart the machine and use his skills to win big, they seem to enjoy it more. To be fair I do know a couple of blokes who quite regularly drop the jackpot on machines they know. Interesting really, quite similar things but used in quite different ways.
Will we? Oh dear. I am not actually complaining about anything though, not sure how anyone would get that from this post.
I had a nice meal at Catalina a while back, lovely view too!
In my experience girls have been more interested in where it goes than I have been. They get off on it going certain places.
What's good about it? My gf wants to go see it and I am on the fence, it has good reviews but if that's mostly due to the singing and dancing I am probably not going to like it.
I think you are missing a syllable there my friend.
Well I think the TV we have now is pretty much the best there has ever been. So why would I not be?
Seems like way more than 10% of it is British, I wouldn't be surprised if it's 30%ish. Sauce, I live here.
Maybe postpone the wedding until you are in a better financial position? You don't want to resent her for making you spend all your money on a wedding, she doesn't want to resent you for making her have a wedding that falls short of what she would like.
Account Manager at a market research company. No degree, shit A levels, distinctly average GCSEs.
Zyzz. Suffered a heart attack and died at the age of 22 on holiday in Thailand. Maybe due to some steroid abuse.
Jack Nicklaus or Tiger Woods for Golf. Wayne Gretzky for Ice Hockey.
&gt; Cesar salad Wasn't Caesar salad invented by an Italian living in San Diego who operated restaurants in the US and Mexico?
No I mean the Aussies don't want you to know that, they are a bit funny about it.
Design, implement and manage market research projects. We design studies to help our clients better understand their brands/ads/concepts and so on. We will manage the project from start to finish then deliver presentations to the client, for the most part. It's quite interesting and the work environment is really great.
Sydney and Boulder. I haven't been in Sydney long enough to want to move yet and I like it so far, I think adding a bit of Boulder to the mix would be great.
How attractive and how successful?
I am an extra in an upcoming film. It's not a big release so I doubt anyone here will ever see it but it was interesting none the less. My GF's work has a sister company which makes movies. She wanted to be an extra in this upcoming movie so asked and they said they needed a couple. She asked me and I was game. They originally said we would just need to walk past in the background holding hands and then kiss but when we actually got there they had us in the background of a shot making out on a bench. Then they panned in on us and told me to ask her to marry me! She had to act all surprised and happy and then we had to walk off holding hands. Now I am no actor, so this was pretty unexpected and kind of awkward. They just sprang it on us and only did a few takes so god knows how dodgy it's going to look if that makes it into the film!
When I was on a grad recruitment day they put us in groups and gave us a list of items and told us that we were stuck on the moon far away from our landing site. They asked us to rank the items in order of importance and gave us a strict time limit in which to do it. So not totally silly but pretty off the wall. It was funny seeing how many of these grads totally missed the point of the exercise. They just wanted to bicker over the minutia and would have totally failed to come up with a full list whatsoever if I had not got involved. Which was good really because it made me look good and I got the job.
Yeah it was, I think it was pretty sneaky of them! I hope they were just using some mind trickery to get us to act a certain way as I don't see how the proposal would fit with what I know about the scene.
Don't give up, that's lame as hell. You can do better.
Take a walk, go to the gym, pet a dog.
Lots and lots of cooley cool business jargon.
Helicopter view, idea shower, the strategic staircase, square the circle, and so on.
Chrome Cast, cast iron skillet.
&gt;Quit singling out Asians Are other races portrayed as unmasculine by the media to the same extent?
Why would you buy someone a present for a divorce? I am lost.
Yeah you really need this thread huh.
Had to google her. That has to be one of the most American looking birds I have ever seen. Would bang.
You just ranked the fuck out of her...
They probably think you are doing it out of frustration at them leaving it at your table too long.
Rathergood.com
That doesn't look like an F1 car, is it an old school one perhaps?
Did it taste much like a non-vegan bacon cheeseburger?
Mentally ill people who happen to be virgins.
How on earth do you manage to live on 15k a year?
&gt;Right in the feels! &gt;I lost it/died when *insert main joke from post*! &gt;You win the internet today! &gt;Boy that's enough internet for me today! Yeah redditing is hard from me these days.
&gt; otherwise great HIMYM had it's moments but it was far from otherwise great IMO.
This title is like the /r/earthporn version of /r/gonewild's 'Be nice I'm super shy'.
Check a million times if she was serious then do it.
Carrot cake followed closely by lemon drizzle cake.
Early Grey, no milk, no sugar. OR Breakfast tea, dash of milk, no sugar.
Email my boss and say I don't feel great, ask if it's cool with him if I don't come in. That's pretty much it, text my mate who is the office manager.
I want an OP1 so bad.
Probably 2.
Same for me but it's mostly due to lack of depth perception.
The one opposite violet.
Didn't fancy uni, seemed like a poor investment for me. Found a company I liked the look of so got a low level position there and worked my way onto the grad scheme. Got onto it and moved from there up the ladder to now.
IASIP is where it's at my friend.
What's Crown?
Repeating things on reddit which they learned on reddit.
Who are all the people I see in the photos queuing for these things during weekdays? Do they not have jobs to go to?!
Dude your neighbours are going to be pissed off with that thing coming into their living room.
Yes.
In what context would he use echelon?
Have you been to /r/askwomen? They are legit nutters.
Going fast.
I have no need for one.
Somehow I could tell Johnny Rockets was nothing fancy before getting to the brackets.
The new The XX and the new Bonobo.
&gt; A Tribe Called Quest Not sure if's your cup of tea but I have been enjoying [this remix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL3hoSCVsZ8) of one of their tunes lately. It does take a while to get going though.
The fuck is casual about this?
No, you accept our self righteous judgement!
Sydney. Yeah it's pretty amazing, been here about 13 months now (originally from the UK). The weather is great, the pay is high, the nature is awesome, there is lots to explore. Aussies (on reddit especially) love to tell you how dangerous it is here but in my time here I have seen 4 spiders, none of them venomous. I would say wasps back home were more of a pain in the arse in general. The only thing that bugs me now and then is how it's kind of a nanny state here. SO many rules about what you can drink and when, what you need to wear/have on your bike to ride around and so on. Oh and rent is pretty high.
Haha OK, pretty damn high. I don't feel too bad about it though considering here I can go to beaches/mountains/waterfalls easily and enjoy the sun...it's more money but the location is awesome.
[Here.](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=How+bad+is+smoking+cigars+for+you%3F)
It absolutely does not.
Pub, BBQ, play cards/games, get high, driving range, cinema, dine out, watch a movie/tv show etc.
Every time you shuffle a deck of cards it's probable that no other deck of cards has ever been in that exact order ever before in history.
Any why is the data so often ugly as opposed to beautiful?
I think he said it was a motorcycle.
Talk about other celebrities, gossip, who is on what drugs, who is a slut, who slept with which execs etc. I don't know if they think I am not listening or just don't care or what but it seems like a dangerous game to play. For the record I would never repeat any of the info, seems like it might screw up my career pretty bad.
Well yeah he is American right? I guess there is an argument to be had regarding culture/heritage...I would assume culture has much more impact on your sense of humour.
Yeah could be. I would describe them as very fun, just not very funny. I have been to stand up shows a couple of times too though.
I did something similar but with sweets. I would buy a load of sour sweets/lollipops from Londis then sell them for like a quid each in class. Then I moved onto selling porn. Kind of amazed I didn't get caught for that one.
Couldn't you just remove your tie? That's what we did, then they don't know the school.
Ha I love how serious everyone is taking this post. Learn to take a joke you bunch of helmets
Well I can do that with mirrors. It not so much a case of feeling certain the earth is flat, more a case of questioning things rather than just accepting them blindly.
Not really.
Pretty standard, people tend to just add everyone from HS in my experience.
Someone thought I was this bloke from a couple of seasons ago XFactor once.
If you are so weak that this could cause your life to fail then it was doomed long before your height came into it. Harsh I know, but true.
How does it work? I am not from the states so am curious.
Be an interesting person who has a positive outlook in life and a genuine desire to meet people and have fun.
So what's happening? Are you asking them on dates and they are turning you down?
Yeah this is one of the few films that actually scare me, cool movie. My mate told me about it, though amusingly he was calling it "Dot Rec" because the [saw this.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/4b/Rec_poster.jpg)
There is no need for sarcasm. I was not impolite to you which seemed to be your main issue with the other commenter.
The fuck? Just get him a bottle of something decent or a 6 pack. Edit: Downvoted but I stick by it. Flowers are a gift that takes little effort but shows you were thinking of them. Home made anything is not an equivalent. I know this might be hard for some here to understand but most guys wouldn't really give 2 shits about a box of tat and some cookies.
I wonder what that guys job was...like a DVD industry promoter or something?!
Mountains and water nearby.
Yes, but I left the UK 13 months ago which I imagine has a lot to do with it.
Yeah I had a fast car it....oh 300bhp....nevremind.
Pretty hard to say without knowing the specifics of the situation. I suggest getting all your stuff taken care of, giving fair warning to anyone she might pull into the situation and then just ribbing the band aid off. It's never going to get easier, so unless you wanna live your life with this woman you are going to have to take the plunge now or later.
As far as I can remember there was no mention of that whatsoever.
Hire a publicist and practice ahead of key social interactions (televised interviews)
Was the title unclear?
That's not why they hate you.
Great Barrier Reed seems to be well on it's way.
Do it on a track.
I have dated a couple of girls with rich parents, not famous though. It's cool, they have sweet flats in cool places and you might get to go on a few nice holidays and out to nice meals and so on. One girl used to borrow her dads awesome Mercedes for when we went on road trips.
*Someone's* looking for fap fodder.
Blue.
Booking a holiday.
Proper poutine. Is that a snack?
Well it's just a written symbol right? The amount is the thing that exists, we have just come up with the concept of 3 to indicate it.
It doesn't seem that way to me. Sure there is racism everywhere but race seems like a huge factor in everyday life over there. I was watching you recent election and every single result and fact and what-have-you was split by race. Was so odd.
I guess it's a little on the geeky side, but there is nowt wrong with that.
I stopped washing my hair almost a year ago. Now I just thoroughly rinse it with water in the shower. There have been no negative effects of this, in fact I think my hair is actually healthier now. Plus I save like 8 dollars a year on shampoo, oh yeah.
Ha to be honest there are plenty of grim as fuck places in England, hard to pick which is the worst! I think Morcambe stood out to me as it was meant to be somewhere lovely, a nice seaside tourist town. This has just reminded me of a cool post I saw on /r/unitedkingdom recently regarding shit seaside towns, totally worth a look!: http://rubbishseaside.com/
Throw them a cushion?
&gt; And best of all, they never did a new movie to ruin the trilogy. Oh there's still time.
Well it's Monday afternoon here, so currently I am not drunk at all.
This question got boring over 5 years ago.
What would you like to know?
Another vote for silky shapes from me, was a great experience.
Yeah I can't deny that having ties was a big help. I guess you could do it by lining up a job before you moved out there and therefore not relying on people to let you crash there for a low cost. Where are you currently?
Yes. I have broken both bones in my left forearm clean in half twice. Once on a trampoline, once on a moped. First time was fucking *savage*, my arm was literally bend in half like I had an extra elbow. Second time was still not great but much less disgusting. I now have a lot of metal in that arm. I have also broken a bone in my left hand playing rugby, wasn't really a big deal. Lastly I have broken a knuckle on my right hand, I did this by punching a fridge. It was kinda painful, more embarrassing. I now have a flat knuckle there. Pretty sure I almost broke my tailbone once too. Was on my mates farm when we were kids, he had an old 125 motorbike. We tied a sledge to the back with a bit of rope and took it in turns dragging each other through the cornfields as fast as possible. One time I was on the sled and we went over a large tree route. I went flying and landed right on my tailbone, couldn't fit for like 2 days! Edit: Oh I also broke a toe but that doesn't really count. Stubbed it in the morning, limped all day then looked at it when I got home. It was all kinds of black, blue and green!
I think it's slowly but surely made me more likely to give quite honest answers IRL, even if they are a little inappropriate. I am very open here and I think that habit has formed IRL.
The Brits use it and they are cool.
I thought the US version had Oprah or Sigorney Weaver narrating or something?
Currently an Iphone 6+, it wasn't my choice as it was given to me when I was in need but it's a pretty awesome phone. It has however begun to die, the battery doesn't last long and everything is pretty slow. I am pretty set on an S8+, the thing looks awesome. Just need to find someone who will let me take out a contract (temporary resident in the country) OR I will need to save a little as it's not cheap to buy outright!
The first one IMO.
I got accused of taking drugs into a music festival. I guess the sniffer dog marked me or whatever because 2 cops dragged me into this tent and were telling me they knew I had stuff on me etc. I of course denied it and the result we me being strip searched in a tent by 2 old bill, was a pretty surreal experience. In the end they realised I was good and let me go!
Neil Patrick Harris.
The worlds of GTA. Have been playing them since GTA 2 and the tone, humour and general vibe of the worlds they make in the games really work for me.
How come you don't do it anymore if there are no regrets?
[Akala Ft. Selah - A Message](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdrojUHZ1TY) About a male’s role in society and its often negative effects on the family.
Free beer &amp; Pizza
A terrace house is basically a house connected on either side to other houses, they are usually pretty similar in layout. So in the UK (and I guess some other places) you could have a detached (standalone), semi-detached (connected to one other house) or terrace house. And end of terrace is a terrace house that happens to be the last on on the block or whatever. So it's pretty much the same as the other terrace houses but has the bonus of only having a neighbour on one side.
That's what Aldo thought.
You never know, her husband isn't much of a looker. I mean sure he is rich and the father to her kids, but still.
Well you could do what I did and just get a 360 and a load of preowned games. Cheap as chips and there are a load of good titles to play. Special shout out to co-op games with the non-gaming GF. Mine loves Portal 2.
Clearly OP.
Heard of all of these so i will suggest one: **Kings**. Its got Ian Mc fucking Shane in it and he's a king!
Not the CBD but they play the games in the Aussie Youth Hotel.
Pretty much everything. Awesome GF, home, job, friends and so on. I don't feel like I have really earned or deserved any of it, but here I am.
Avocado on toast.
Oppo phones are available in loads of places, just google it. You can get an Mi6 from the eglobalcameras website.
It's not something I have ever felt the need to deal with.
They are perceived to be preachy and 'holier-than-thou'.
By regular standards I agree, but by celeb standards she is average I think.
Spend less than you earn.
"This is bacon."
What effects might it have on a child if the parents do not do this? Mine were great parents but never once did this, I can remember watching TV shows when I was a kid and finding it so weird when the parents admitted to doing/handling something incorrectly. So yeah, kind of curious!
Holy shit man you have reddit arguments on FB? FUCK THAT.
Cats.
Mate cats don't take showers ha. They keep themselves clean all the time though, which often results in your floor being covered in fur and other crap. You don't really need to worry about them eating things in the same way you do with dogs, apart from things like rat/slug poison and so on.
If you are a germaphobe you are going to struggle with any pet I am afraid to say. They all shit!
I realise it's the norm now, especially on this sub. A week does seem particularly recent though! I am going to post it next week and see how I do.
That's kind of the point, no?
French Foreign Legion?
Meeting your SO online.
Now I am just a racist with fucked up teeth.
How?
Rarely. I mean a handshake or arm around a mate in a photo is about it.
Yeah I think it takes a while as you need to get to know the characters and understand what is going on - it needs all that to achieve what comes later. It's not for everyone, I know people who have given up after 2 seasons.
And the UK?
Spirited Away.
This year of last year I reckon. Moved across the world, got a great job, met an amazing girl, had a lot of fun.
Yeah I would definitely count that as long. Anything past there I start to think she is going to be religious and/or nutty.
That's incorrect.
Go to one of the many drug or darknetmarket subreddits and you will find many, many people using them and posting evidence. Or don't whatever. You are totally wrong though.
Mine keeps cutting out after 30ish seconds.
The pros put 2 slices in 1 toaster slot ahead of the cheese application.
Portal 2.
I used this site when shipping my digital piano over from the UK, couldn't believe how cheap and fast I was able to do it. They basically just find the best rates from the big shipping companies for you after you input weight/dimensions. https://www.transglobalexpress.co.uk/
How the fuck is this a life pro tip? Sure it's a nice thing to do...but a life PRO tip? Get outta here.
Population control?
Female.
Well I have only known people to identify as male or female. I am male so I guess female is the one I have to go with.
Do you mind when they give you a coke when you wanted something else?
'If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next' by Manic Street Preachers.
Greed.
That all brown dudes with beards are Muslims.
I often watch shitty reality tv and drink red wine.
Yes, lots. Things like aircraft, industrial machines, semiconductors, telecommunications, electric apparatus, medical equipment, chemicals, oil, plastic, cars, pharmaceuticals, phones.
In 2016 US exported $2.2 trillion worth of stuff. So I don't think you are correct.
$24 billion in exports in 2016!
Pretty good, overall. Got a couple of relationships and some decent FWBs out of it. Tips: Keep it out of the workplace and don't even think about it with crazies.
That's interesting. Do you think there is an afterlife for all living things or just humans? When it's based on religion it seems to just be people...which I guess makes sense given their other views. But for someone who is not religious I am curious.
Only in the US though*. Other countries don't remove the outer layer so they are fine at room temp and therefore aren't chilled at the supermarket. *maybe a couple of others too, not sure!
[Here is an article on it, kinda interesting!](http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2014/09/11/336330502/why-the-u-s-chills-its-eggs-and-most-of-the-world-doesnt)
Well I am not sure they are considered a dairy item. They just happen to be near the dairy items in the states as most dairy items are put in the cold section.
Sometimes they are successful posts. These people are incapable of originality so this tactic gives them some hope, albeit slim, of posting something popular.
Why would they put it here if they don't want to admit it?
Oh man that sounds pretty tortuous!
Free.
Green Wing is fucking awesome. Less fun but with doctors: Casualty, ER, Holby City, House.
Where do you work that people comment on that? I have a load of crap on my desk plus a few of those little photo strips with drunken colleagues from carious events plus a horses ass trophy for my team losing at bowls.
I hope I never forget this one: I once had a very vivid dream where the police were after me, they eventually caught me with some coworkers who they beat the shit out of. It gets pretty weird. Then they threw me in a police van and strapped me into a chair so I was looking out of the windscreen and shouted at me. We were driving down a really bumpy road and getting loads of air so I was rising out of the chair but the straps held me down. They kept pulling out my exam papers from high school and demanding I explain why I didn't get better scores and making me redo questions. After a bit I kind of became aware that it was an absurd situation and that nothing added up. Why would the police fuck up my colleagues and why would they give a shit about my old exams?! Suddenly everything kind of vanished away and I was in Rick and Morty and Rick was saying the experiment failed because I knew it was a dream. He turned the machine off. I then thought about how the thoughts that were in that machine were now stuck in there in darkness forever and the dream turned into a floating, glowing mind surrounded by darkness (I guess the mind inside the computer). With nothing better to do the mind started moving around leaving a trail of glowing golden light behind it. It started drawing out what it knew which was the world in minute detail. It drew every city, person, tree, animal, country, ocean and so on until the world was done and then it went and did the planets and the sun. I vividly remember it drawing the golden gate bridge. Once the whole solar system was done it still had nothing to do so it drew it all over again. Then everything zoomed out on the 2nd solar system so I could see it all in scale. I turned around and another colleague was stood there and she commented on how crazy it was to see how far apart everything was when seen in scale. I am missing details and it actually lasted quite a lot longer than is obvious here, but this is long enough!
About 5,345,658 steps.
On all fours.
I like to stroll around the city with my GF, go to a cafe or 2, wander around some markets, go into some weird shops. Sure we have a beer or 2 along the way but you don't have to.
The dark web.
/r/LegalAdvice /r/relationships /r/tattoos Wanna see OP get their ass handed to them? These are good subs for that.
"Hey man wanna grab a beer?"
Would this be your first proper GF? Curious as these kind of things are rarely said by anyone who has a real understanding of relationships.
What a helmet. Have to say though, no way would I think I could ride that thing through a festival without this happening. It's a shame but it's a super predictable shame.
Nothing fits the mood of a big dark city in the rain as much as Burial's album [Untrue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-VmiLA3nqg). Makes me feel kinda cool.
Brit here, figured I should check this out. Listening to Country Boy Can Survive and it's so much like one of those [satire videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPTKR12cUqc) it's hard to believe.
I don't use it but the guys I know who do are using it for both, they are happy to meet a girl and hook up but if things go well they are open to it turning into something more serious.
Call your parents.
I would definitely include a lot of clips like [these.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWf8CXwPoqI)
Guarantee that kid would kick the shit out of any of us these days.
5000?! Holy shit.
Could you use a new account to express interest in the new listing? You could then get their address which will be useful if you want to involve the police.
Doubt that's the average though. I think that's on the lower end with the higher end being ridiculous.
Just stay indoors that day. Not like they would have any reason to think the most wanted person was in my area of the world.
A series of blog posts (or something) by a woman obsessed with amputees and their stumps/hooks. So obsessed that she and her husband came up with a plan for her to "accidentally" sever and destroy her hands while doing home renovations. They went through with it and she got her metal hooks, the way she talked about them was super creepy.
[Nightmares: Poems to Trouble Your Sleep](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/816486.Nightmares)? [This image in particular](http://i.reddituploads.com/f94422af92a84168b4303737a8676f34?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=953c3f42db73ba2696af152b00a8aa94)? If so this is from 'The Ghoul'.
&gt; Same goals in life and interests &gt; fat Can't have both, for me.
They banned me for posting once in /r/TumblrlnAction. They are nutters, as can be seen [here.](http://imgur.com/a/YV5V9)
I don't, at all. I just see no evidence for it. The only time people seem to believe is when it's first had and they can't remove themselves and be logical about it. I think it's more likely that you are straight up living in a reality show and they producers decided to fuck with you than there being an afterlife and our spirits somehow remain physically in this world once we die. My point is that no matter how real an experience seems, there are billions of less insane explanations.
You didn't hear them speak. You saw them write.
&gt; Being pedantic about word use isn't making you seem smarter or more insightful &gt; Jesus christ, "I's" is not a word. It's "My wife's and my matching tattoos." Fucking LOL.
Mental gymnastics right here. It's OK for you to do but when it's done to you it's uncalled for and dickish. What an absolute tool.
Disco ball.
Does it say sliced on it? I am not seeing it.
I am constantly struck by the thought that I don't really deserve the things I have, especially when I read askreddit threads about how hard others have it...got me thinking.
I just go. It's a small gym in my building and not many people will be there.
I was up in Crescent Head last week and took a look at some properties in a shop window and couldn't believe the amazing houses you could get for this kind of price. Just need to start working remotely and it could be an option!
Been here a little over 2 years and seen 3 big fucking huntsmen indoors, but other than that it's all good. Sure you will see a few normal sizes spiders in parks and stuff but they don't seen to turn up inside. People oversell how crazy the wildlife is here, IMO. If you are in the city you will be fine. Sure it's crazy as fuck in some parts of the country, but most people are prettty far from those parts.
#
I never shampoo my hair, I do condition it 2-3 times a week though. On the days where I don't condition it I do get it wet and give it a bit of a hand scrub.
What Aussie shows would you recommend? What I have seen has been complete trash, there must be good stuff out there?!
I didn't realise they removed that, seems kinda crazy. Why did they?
I have a 360. Favourite games are Fallout 3 and NV, GTAV, Portal 1 and 2 and Stick of Truth. Well those are the ones that first came to mind! I plan to build a PC but every time I save up the money (about 1500AUD) something else comes along and I have to spend it. I wish my friends back home (18000km away) would chill on the marriages for a year or 2!
You think getting into opiates is a smart thing to do? Great role model right here ^ Guess you will ban me too, but damn.
I have a steamer which I use to clean the house but it also has a clothing attachment. How the hell is it supposed to work? I steamed my shirt so much it was actually wet before giving up and using an iron instead. What am I doing wrong?
How do you get them to actually work? Mine just makes clothes wet, then I iron them traditionally.
Well don't you think that is understandable, given what you did? It's not like you made a mistake or anything, you did it sober and you did it twice lol. I suggest you take time to work on yourself and think about whether that's the person you want to be. If not then try and think about how you can change.
&gt; so many ...2 people? You need to chill out "chillchats" lol.
Maybe stop hanging out in the toilets then.
Thin crust, pepperoni, spicy shit.
What is breakfast bacon and how does it differ to regular bacon?
That is not a good like to comment ratio.
I am genuinely surprised that the Kingkiller Chronicle isn't the tip answer here.
What what ways?
Hold onto them for emergencies.
A little off topic, but how the fuck do so many newspapers fail to use speech marks at the end of quotes? All but one in the article don't have them!
They have bios?
A (huge) Irish bloke I work with used to play with Johnny Sexton in his teenage years. Says he was a complete and utter prick ha.
Damn Australian Tourism Commission*
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/7nrd4y/how_long_do_you_go_between_haircuts/ https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/73uph0/how_often_do_you_get_haircuts_how_much_do_you/ https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/6yqurh/how_often_do_you_get_your_haircut/ https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/6p6eog/how_often_do_you_get_a_haircut/ https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/4z7i0d/how_often_do_you_get_a_haircut/ https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/6hebgu/how_often_do_you_get_a_haircut/
I don't understand Duolingo. I am trying to use it for Japanese and it never gives me any lessons, just questions - is that right? Obviously I can pick stuff up by having a go at the questions but it seems like a really odd process. Also for numbers it will ask me which is 'Two' then show a Japanese symbol with a big 2 next to it....what on earth?!
So it smells of vomit?
Sydney: The region has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years based on radio carbon dating. Blows my mind!
I am sure you have gotten a lot of replies but I feel I can make this really simple. Given only 1 door in 3 is the correct guess, it stands to reason that it likely your initial guess is incorrect. Now if you switch you have a 1 in 2 chance, which is obviously better. I think it's that simple.
Wifi - like Wih-fee Ibuprofen - like Eye-bupe-roh-fen Not sure why, I just enjoy it.
People who boast about how rare they like their steak. People who are super proud of how much they just like totally love cheese more than life.
Luxottica for sunglasses. Unilever for consumer products. Monsato for corn. Google for search engines. AB InBev for booze.
Zippers. All the zippers.
Tom Cruise.
Fo' tha karma.
I got one from Kogan with all sorts of attachments, it was 60 bucks (AUD) on sale, down from 150.
Suffer the consequences of not doing so.
This was asked 2 days ago. And a week ago. And 2 weeks ago...you get the idea. Maybe do a search?
When a funny video is posted and all the comments are: - I died at.... - I lost it at.... - *quote of the funny part of the video* Not sure why it bugs me but it does!
Surely this is the most well known, most talked about imminent danger?
Working out/keeping fit.
It's so damn vague!
Love Parks and Rec. Fucking HATE Craig Middlebrooks.
Actually brave!
I bet in a few hundred years they will.
Convenience. I will spend a bit more to buy something at this shop instead of walking 10 mins to get it for a few bucks cheaper. That kind of thing.
And why is that?
Aren't they a little...insanely annoying? I guess age is probably a factor here.
I have met a load actually. They were all perfectly still and actually kind of waxy looking in person, which was a surprise.
Speak for yourself.
Because they seem super annoying but you like them, as do many people. So as you clearly don't I was hoping you might respond with how you feel about them.
Or a joke. What's up with you lot lol.
Possible, for sure. 2 of my best mates are girls.
It's not the 90s. Nerd stuff is mainstream now, nobody is going to judge you for 'like, totally LOVING Star Warz and Pokemon'.
I don't tend to date girls who wear lots of makeup so it's never been enough of a difference for me to actually notice!
I honestly can't read that without some paragraphs.
It's a brown leather one from a market near my place, my GF bought it for me when we were taking a stroll there. Think the dude hand makes them so there is no brand or anything. [Here is a pic of the outside and inside.](https://imgur.com/a/tqKz7) The ad at the side of a page is for a wallet, smart!
Ha yeah I guess it did huh, people take this shit seriously. It's gone from -80 to -30 though, which is pretty cool!
Well you kinda just spoiled it for him...
Man the mods here make me cringe so bad.
That's pretty clear, yes. Not much subtlety to it.
It's in season 3.
Well I love all of her, so her stapes.
Probably the Wire (tough to pick one). Probably The 12 Angry Men (again, very tough to limit it to one!).
Where are avocado's that cheap? They are at least 4 times that price where I'm at.
Nah mate. Lame. As fuck.
Firecracker Chicken is fucking amazing. I miss it, there are no Wagamamas where I live.
It's /r/secretpalace, isn't it?
Maybe because he gave no info on the interesting weapon whatsoever?
What ad are you all referencing?
Is the vapid positivity I see everywhere a trend? Or are people really like/need that? /r/GetMotivated is the stupidest damn sub I have ever seen.
Seemed kinda funny that everyone got on board with doing this with a song that repeatedly shouts "fuck you I won't do what you tell me".
g'prawnos*
England: The humour. English people are a laugh. I don't think I really appreciated it until I moved to another country. Sure, every country has funny people, but the English just seem to have a level of cheekiness/banter (ladsladslads) that I love.
Sure, but then you need to get an amp and speakers and all that. The Collegiate seems to do the trick pretty nicely.
Still no Australia though, damn!
I mostly smoke raws but occasionally use OCB rips. Back in the day I was a silver purist, as were the majority of people I knew. I've got no time for flavoured skins.
Love Actually. Its just a great all round film.
Check out the palm tree hair on the Immediate Action Team dude heh.
It's a strong maybe.
Blimey. That's a bit strong isn't it? I know plenty of people who do this, usually people who have found it challanging to move to another country and live a successful life, they feel a sense of accomplishment.
Well that is a pretty miserable thing to say and 'git' is pretty tame in the grand scheme of things.
I leave things for the homeless guy outside my building now and then, he is usually asleep when I am walking my dog. Usually just drinks of cereal bars or whatever, when it was easter I got him a big egg which came with a load of small ones. I figured he rarely gets things like that and hope he didn't mind it wasn't something more sensible.
Expedia repeatedly lied to us about our transfers from the resort in the alps back to the airport. So they knowingly stole our money and left us stranded in freezing weather with no accomodation. We ended up having to pay a few hundred quid for a taxi to the airport.
Lit.
You should check these ones out. If you don't like the music you can just watch the crowd! [Maceo Plex Boiler Room Berlin DJ Set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vHRUsP20dQ) [Solomun Boiler Room DJ Set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bk6Xst6euQk)
Half of the world's population lives in poverty and the rest of us just don't really give a shit. Sure we might pretend to now and then, so long as we have our smart phones, cars, nice houses, plenty of food/drink and so on.
Haha love this one, some real attention whores in there! I love it when the lad with the long hair just comes and blows that poser right outta the way.
Thanks.
Got any recommendations?
Fairs.
Does she dye her hair like that or is it natural? Kinda cool
I just realised Kaytranada and Jazzy Jeff both play the same tune in these sets! around the 1:41 min mark for Jazzy and around the 28 min for Kay.
What is a high school band or musician?
You actually shouldn't give your dog too much attention as soon as you get home, it can increase separation anxiety and you reeeally don't want them to develop that!
Glass Blowing. I really want to give it a go!
It's kinda of a mix, otherwise known as Scotland.
Here is mine! https://imgur.com/a/rQzxI
Nah that's just the fog bro...
You posted it on all those subs but didn't think of /r/videos?!
*Plastic* eggs!? I have never heard of anyone using anything but chocolate eggs.
Easter egg hunts are nasty? What's going on here!?
2 of my best friends are good looking girls who I don't wanna bang.
How unfortunate for you.
They don't use reddit lol.
You think I'm trying to be edgy? Edit: it's pretty sad that this is how you guys deal with an opinion you don't like.
Nice try lol.
I'm genuinely starting to think it has something to do with lack of other viable options.
Doesn't make any sense to thirsty as fuck teens on reddit*
I was expecting more Pokemon tatts.
Probably works at a bar or in marketing for an alcohol company.
Three Williams is great. A few km from CBD though.
Yes they are. Please also being me a 1060 6GB!
Awesome, glad you are enjoying it!
https://i.imgur.com/S19rJuN.png
If you don't know, you are average. It are you are particularly attractive or particularly unattractive, you will 100% know.
Breathe.
Dave the Rave.
Had a go on my mates moped, hit the breaks on loose gravel. Snapped arm clean in half. Did it before so this time they fill it with metal.
The don't speak the Queen's English.
I broke it severely before, yes. Not on a moped though, that time was on a trampoline.
Not exactly the same, but when I did jury duty a few other Jurors came up to me after and asked if I was at uni studying law. Sounds like a ridiculous brag but they really did.
Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
Brazil.
I said 'horrible' when I meant to say 'horribly'.
This is oddly specific.
What do you like about that one?
"Anubis was too good to be true!"
Cocaine.
Fuck, that peddling looks so difficult!
Some chavvy girl from my HS named her kid A'jaè. I figured it was a gross way of spelling AJ, which would be bad enough, but it's actually pronounced "Ah-jah-ney" or something. She always posts about him on FB but says 'my boy' and stuff like that, she is obviously sick of typing out that silly name. Edit: just rememberd a worse one! Nutty lady I used to work with named her daughter *Peekaboo*. Her surname was Polish and sounded just like 'Scary' also lol.
Australia, they are usually around 3-5 bucks each. It sucks. Favourite...hmmm I am not sure you can beat a decent guac with nachos to dip!
The only ways I know are the right way (they way he himself ways it) and the wrong way (Mah-rio). Why the actual fuck does anyone say it that way?!
Because of the bowls?
Wow what an ugly...platform thing they have her standing on!
Oops I thought it was TV or movie, my mistake!
Haha shit, edited!
It's actually laughable. I sometimes wonder if it's some kind of sexist satire on the whole safe space thing.
My nan in hospital, a shell of her former self. So weak and grey and small. She was asleep the whole time we were there, we had to leave at a certain time and she woke up kind of confused just then. I waited until my sister and I parted ways before getting in my car and crying my goddam eyes out. I had to pull over on the way home because I couldn't see.
Pizza.
Anyone who answers this honestly will get downvoted.
That is a really strange way to spell Pizza.
In that situation, is cheese not an accompaniment?
I didn't know nudism was infested with SJWism, how's that work?
This is probably the least interesting part of the original video to focus on. She just like "yeah, no shit"
This fucking sub lol. OP was probably expecting a bit of light-hearted chat about ridiculous prices of everyday goods but no, not on /r/sydney. Here you'll get a patronising lecture on the business models of convenience stores.
What's patronising about it?
I had a bad experience with a barbershop once, left a review stating what happened and the owner replied putting my full name and basically calling me a liar. I looked at the rest of the feedback and he went nuts at anyone who was critical of the business, no idea how they are still in business with that attitude!
I have snapped both bones in my arm in half...twice. Weirdly the worst pain was after they put metal bolts in there the second time. I had some bandages removed a while after and it was basically like having my arm hair slowly waxed off on fresh, deep scars. I actually teared up.
Like they need to advertise this car to redditors.
Why Walgett?
Ooh yeah I remember Ban Bilzerian, he's a trust fund...adult.
How hilarious that you are taking this personally.
Didn't realise they had mid strength at the WC.
It isn't misogynistic, it's just shitty to everyone really.
I don't own a car. I used to but moved to a new country and now live in the centre of a large city with lots of public transport and no cheap parking. If I want to use a car I can easily rent one for a very good price at any time of the day. All in all, I just don't need a car. I love cars so will own one again someday, but right now it would be a waste.
Kind of sounds like you live in squalor, what's that all about?
Rikki Pippy's Magical Face Goo.
What watermark are you referring to?
[Purple Disco Machine - Dished (Male Stripper)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs0biWHy5WU) It's so cheesy and happy, makes me want to dance like a mad man when it gets to around the 3:20 mark.
I was like this for 2 weeks when I got bells palsy. Freaked me the fuck out the first night!
When mods mute you.
I am not totally sure as I am pretty new to gaming, but I guess things like fallout 4, planet coaster, overwatch, fortnite etc, basically I want to be able to play new games and mod the shit out of older ones. I will also be doing some light video editing and music production.
Thanks very much for the input, seems an RX580 may be the way to go! [How does this look?](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/list/89cmLJ)
Oops, title should specify that the budget is in AUD (Aussie bucks!)
Thanks! On their site the 2600 is $249, so guess that deal ended?
Thanks for the info! I would actually like to emulate, CEMU would be awesome (Breath of the Wild, yo) - is the difference so great that it overcomes the benefits of the rx580?
How does this look? Have amended to a black and red colour scheme instead! I can't seem to find that case here in Aus unfortunately! https://au.pcpartpicker.com/list/nkzW9J Really appreciate your input mate, any further thoughts would be appreciated!
Unfortunately that deal does not appear to be happening in Australia.
Thanks man! The more I learn the more I realise how little I know haha.
Seemed like a poor financial decision to me.
When trying to fall asleep I often decide what cars I would buy for my mates if I won the lottery or whatever.
[This picture of Van Gogh](https://www.reddit.com/r/Art/comments/8c8lb6/vincent_van_gogh_rosenfeldtown_illustration_2014/) I found on /r/art.
18-35.
I am new to all things PC, is Linus a popular figure? I first saw him in a Strange Parts video and he was a real helmet.
I guess smoothness, but I don't know how big of a difference in colour there is between TN and IPS. My work PC has IPS monitors.
Yes that seems to be it's intended purpose. I guess because it has an Australian focus it can be quite useful to get build feedback here also.
I would try and get some faster RAM if you can, 3000 or 3200 would be good. Also worth seeing if you can stretch to the 6GB GTX 1060 instead of the 3GB. I doubt you will need a PSU with 750W, so you could save some money there.
Fair enough, but are you likely to need more than 16GB of Ram? Alternatively you could change to a mobo with 4 memory slots (should be relatively easy and cheap to switch to, unless that case won't allow for it), get 2x8GB now and add another 2x8GB when you want.
I would not recommend that approach!
I went big on RBG. [PCPartPicker part list](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/list/nNvGkd) / [Price breakdown by merchant](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/list/nNvGkd/by_merchant/) Type|Item|Price :----|:----|:---- **CPU** | [Intel - Core i7-8700K 3.7GHz 6-Core Processor](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/sxDzK8/intel-core-i7-8700k-37ghz-6-core-processor-bx80684i78700k) | $478.65 @ Amazon Australia **CPU Cooler** | [NZXT - Kraken X62 Rev 2 98.2 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/2RdFf7/nzxt-kraken-x62-rev-2-982-cfm-liquid-cpu-cooler-rl-krx62-02) | $213.80 @ Amazon Australia **Motherboard** | [ASRock - Z370 Extreme4 ATX LGA1151 Motherboard](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/QNX2FT/asrock-z370-extreme4-atx-lga1151-motherboard-z370-extreme4) | $219.00 @ IJK **Memory** | [G.Skill - Trident Z RGB 32GB (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3200 Memory](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/7Y7CmG/gskill-tridentz-rgb-32gb-4-x-8gb-ddr4-3200-memory-f4-3200c14q-32gtzr) | $739.00 @ Umart **Storage** | [Samsung - 850 Pro Series 256GB 2.5" Solid State Drive](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/JMPfrH/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz7ke256bw) | $315.07 @ Amazon Australia **Video Card** | [Asus - GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 11GB STRIX GAMING OC Video Card](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/Z8cMnQ/asus-geforce-gtx-1080-ti-11gb-video-card-strix-gtx1080ti-o11g-gaming) | $1349.00 @ IJK **Case** | [NZXT - Noctis 450 ATX Mid Tower Case](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/YwVBD3/nzxt-case-can450ww1) | $178.20 @ Newegg Australia **Power Supply** | [Thermaltake - Toughpower iRGB PLUS Platinum 850W 80+ Platinum Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply](https://au.pcpartpicker.com/product/k6DJ7P/thermaltake-toughpower-irgb-plus-platinum-850w-80-platinum-certified-fully-modular-atx-power-supply-ps-tpi-0850f2fdpu-1) | $315.00 @ Amazon Australia | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* | | **Total** | **$3807.72** | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2018-06-26 23:06 AEST+1000 |
Off topic but my curiosity has the better of me - how were you looking to spend $10k on a PC last year if this is your situation? Sorry for being nosy!
Is 2 144hz monitors not worthwhile?
OK but how come you had 10k for that computer at the time?
This is one I definitely want to check out, plus all the mods once I work out how that works!
Should be good to go at 60FPS.
Subnautica sounds really cool, definitely going to try that out! Haha my new monitor is extremely precious to me, hope I can keep my cool!
Erm excuse me, but 'Lolliepop lady' is a British/Irish thing, you can't just claim it for a an Aussie State! Besides, don't Aussies call them crosswalk attendants?
Wow stupid *and* mean, great personality you got there bud!
Erm, OK so that was a lot about her looks.... Were you guys ever serious?
k
Things my gf and I have done for birthdays here: * Seaplane tour from Rose Bay * Skydive the beach in Wollongong * Stunt plane ride from Bankstown Airport * Paragliding in Stanwell Tops All great fun and memorable experiences.
It’s a private establishment which serves food and alcohol THAT ALLOWS DOGS. You are the one with the high maintenance needs, you deal with them and stop expecting everyone to cater to you.
Laughing too much at shitty jokes is always a dead giveaway.
Being cheated on isn't a reflection on you, lots of amazing people have been cheated on - it reflects poorly on your wife, not you.
&gt; Normal well functioning people don’t want to take their dog to the pub ...OK buddy.
Very. They hooked me in years ago back when it was pure and unadulterated. Now I can't stop coming back trying to chase that fix.
Oh that was more me trying to liken it to a drug. Yes there is still filth on here. But it was pretty much anything goes back then, there is SO much censorship now.
Do you have any hobbies? Perhaps you can engage in them in a social way?
I moved to the other side of the world and lived like I was on holiday for the last few years of my 20s. Still living here (Australia) but a little more settled down now.
If you feel they went over and above or dealt well with a large table or whatever then you can give them 10%. Otherwise no tip is fine.
When you get paid move the money you need to save into another account, it makes SUCH a difference for me. Don't buy work lunches, drink way less, don't buy extra snacks/soda etc.
Hey, at least we don't inexplicably call them hotels!
Days that lasted forever. An afternoon out playing with my mates in the woods felt like an eternity, now a weekend flies by in no time at all.
Weed. I just love me some peng.
Have you read the Commonwealth Saga by Peter F Hamilton?
Same. Read the first 2 books twice now, just sick of waiting at this point.
Probably a Porsche GT3 RS, I think I could get one a few years old for a quarter million.
Been here nearly 12 years now, I would say these changes will just make reddit further evolve. The reddit I joined and loved has been dead for a long time now, it's a damn shame but not the end of the world.
