Found the troglodyte.
I'm a Colts fan who lives in southern California; last year the Colts had an away game at the Coliseum, I went and the stadium couldn't have been more than 1/3 full. Also for some reason there were a whole lot of Pittsburgh Steelers jerseys. Still haven't figured that one out.
The promos for "Welcome to Marwen" always leave me with this nagging feeling that it's just an SNL spoof of a sappy winter feel-good movie.
My parents called Sunday morning to ask me to explain that joke. It was awkward.
Civility towards bad-faith participants such as yourself only encourages your kind.
I'll never be able to give up FSX unless and until a replacement for the PMDG MD-11 is ever produced.
This is a gross, Satanic misinterpretation of Christ. Renounce Satan, please.
lol what an astoundingly stupid response It's only theft if it does not legitimately belong to the person doing the takin. But capitalist claims of private property actually legitimately belong to society, which makes it the opposite of theft--it's reclamation of what a capitalist thief has stolen from society!
Freedom of religion is a moral principle, not a Constitutional one. The US Constitution is a fundamentally authoritarian and white-supremacist document, so making appeals to it is despicable. Which, you're a despicable Satan-worshipper, so...
Just like everything that voted for it.
If you hate Riverside County and want to destroy it, sure. Because that's what the Libertarian (which is grossly misnamed, since their platform is actually authoritarian as fuck) agenda amounts to.
My condolences to your family.
CF: Ray Lankford
#HOO-HOO-HOO!
&gt; large scale socialist nation Contradiction in terms. "nation" and "socialism" are mutually exclusive, since socialism is inherently anti-nationalist. You just asked a literally meaningless question.
&gt; I'm talking about libertarian political theory *Real* libertarianism is communism, since communism is the epitome of individual liberty. &gt; I don't know where you get your wack definitions of capitalism from Actual political theory, rather than shit authoritarians like yourself just made up.
Counterpoint: sex
&gt; Slamming Beto for for simply saying he doesn't like labels I do this. "I don't believe in labels" is noncommittal bullshit. &gt; while praising Tulsi Gabbard I don't do this.
Everything that voted for it belongs in prison for crimes against humanity.
Quito, so you can enjoy the new airport.
Imagine being an Expos fan.
With a bit of luck, wine 4 will run Office 2016 and then I'll only need Windows for games.
With a bit of luck, wine 4 will run Office 2016 and then I'll only need Windows for games.
FloMarching might want to take this video down now...
Darius Leonard++
*Sola fide* is some serious fucking bullshit. It's not Christianity, it's narcissism - it doesn't matter whether you actually follow Christ's teachings about how to treat other people, all you have to do is believe hard enough and you're fine. Instead of being about service to others, it's all "me me me me." American Evangelical Protestantism is just the fullest expression of the moral and theological bankruptcy of *sola fide.*
I really would like to sit in on one of those dinner table conversations some time.
Michelle Wolf and Mrs. Maisel were amazingly well-done. And Heidi definitely captured Allison Janney as C.J. Cregg, though I don't know much about Janney herself enough to say how good it was.
Kids often don't know what's best for them, though, and in particular they lack the life experience to realize what they're missing out on. &gt; At that point, going to school while having a job is a really good way to get that career-connected learning. Which is a problem. "Career-connected learning" is something we should be discouraging. It's corrosive and toxic to personal development.
Why not? It was accurate.
#UNHYGIENIC MUTHA FUCKA NAMED LICE PUBE
What a load of anti-intellectual horseshit. It's a troglodytic assault on the humanities masquerading as a defense of it.
&gt; (I mean, you got go to college, but didn't have time to read every book you wanted to? Golly, life is surely tough College is an opportunity for intellectual development. Part of that involves thoroughly examining existing scholarship. My ability to do that was inhibited by the fact that I had to work. I never said it made it a horrible experience, just that I didn't get as much out of it as I could have, and it's unfortunate that it was that way for me but it's within our capacity to make it so that that's not the case for others. Your attitude amounts to "it's not as bad as it could be; therefore, there's nothing to complain about," which is just asinine.
Found the violent sociopath who thinks it's OK to kill people.
It's all there in the Twitter thread.
64-pack of Crayolas (and an "adult" adult coloring book, if it's an environment where that's appropriate/acceptable), or Darth Vader voice changer mask.
Just picked up a 64 pack of Crayolas. It's ADULT COLORING BOOK TIME!
Fuck, the band I'm in has just started playing different tunes.
goo goo g'joob
Sufjan Stevens has something for you.
What other option do we have?
Just watched Slutty Cock Gobblers 69. 69/69.
Drum and Bu(G)le Corps, not Drum and Bu(Bb)le Corps
Actually, they've got a pretty good JuJu.
The biggest lie in all of rock music has got to be Mick Jagger singing about how he "can't get no satisfaction."
No one can resist my Schweddy Balls.
My all-time favorite.
My all-time favorite too.
I'm really not sure, and I wasn't inclined to probe any further. "Has $MYBROTHERINLAW ever gone down on you?" is not a question I'm prepared to ask my sister.
"Call the Midwife" is such an amazing show.
I don't know, and "Has your husband ever gone down on you?" is not a question I was prepared to ask my sister.
I'm not an actor, but I play one on TV.
As a karate expert, I will not talk about anyone on this stage.
2 legit
This is actually a rather anti-intellectual position, as it implies that the primary value of education is in job training. So fuck off with the anti-intellectualism, ok?
I mean, you can't do quality social history without a good grounding in Marx, and Marx's understanding of the functioning and structure of capitalism is pretty hard to argue with--it's not the whole story, but it's also proven to be rather accurate as far as it goes. Not that these fuckers actually grasp any of that, of course--they're just in it for the hipness factor. But yeah, Marx remains an important and justifiably influential thinker.
sugar hill gang
As a political concession, sure. But it's not the best policy. It feeds a petty "fuck you got mine" attitude over whatever the private supplement covers in the people who purchase it. It's the same thing with private schools, where people who send their kids there then ask why they should be taxed to fund public schools, and ultimately has the effect of undermining funding. It's the same reason I think that ideally, we should ban private education at the primary and secondary level (and maybe even post-secondary level) altogether: medical care and education are the two areas where the social good that comes from having everyone in the same system outweighs the preferences of those who would rather not. But again, that's policy--I'm not talking about the politics of it.
Deadspin's pretty awesome, to be honest. The only people who have a problem with Deadspin are worthless reactionary turds, and they aren't worth taking seriously.
And rightfully so. That dude's whole schtick was racist as fuck.
Do you guys think it's OK to wear a Suns jersey to a Cardinals game?
[2019 begins with a disturbance over Yucatan](https://www.nhc.noaa.gov/gtwo.php?basin=atlc&amp;fdays=2)
Chicago, the New Age, but what would Frank Lloyd Wright say? Oh, Columbia!
&gt; Caratini: almost killed Ponce de Leon. &gt; Almora: almost killed a little girl. ... come the fuck on, neither of those can be held against them
good luck, hope everyone's safe
A winning streak? In May? 2019?
You obviously don't know God, because God hates patriotism. Patriotism is a sin against God, because God created us all.
Tell me your favorite Bob Dylan album and explain why it's *Blood on the Tracks.* Also acceptable: *Desire.*
&gt; anti-Bernie What's wrong with that?
s/majority/all/
feed them cheese
["And you'll be my Duchess. My Duchess of Prunes."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj3J4qtCjzQ)
One of the most surprising things about our era is that Julie Payette is not a meme yet.
&gt; zipper merging is a thing that's literally not a thing being taught in our neck of the woods. Then listen to the people who are bringing you enlightenment instead of fighting them. Do the right thing, don't do the wrong thing just because it's what you're more used to.
An' it's a hard, an' it's a hard, an' it's a hard, an' it's a hard An' it's a hard raaaaain's a-gonna fa-a-a-all
'sup, Zwickau prophets?
this is why I prefer socialization to divestiture
lol "#PrayForTrump" is trending
Reality has not borne out the "better ideas will win out over shitty ones in the marketplace of ideas so free speech takes care of that" theory. In fact, what we're seeing is sort of a Gresham's Law for speech: bad speech pushes out good speech because bad speech is less complicated to understand and doesn't force anyone to ask uncomfortable questions about themselves and their place in the world.
[I'm a universalist (not a Universalist or UU, though they're awesome too), but yeah](https://twitter.com/meganromer/status/1135178335343054848)
Peggy Noonan: Congress should censure Trump, not impeach him Donald Trump: *rages incoherently* Me: OK, impeachment it is then.
Who's driving down the streets of the city?
What a load of horseshit. They're a bunch of individuals expressing their individual opinions, and if those opinions on a single individual happen to coincide, great. They're absolutely entitled to have and express preferences, and attempt to convince people of those preferences.
I might go to a drum corps show again. I don't deny the technical proficiency of today's groups. But they're just...boring. No one makes me want to throw babies in the air. No one makes my hair stand on end. No one makes me want to run out screaming like I had just won the lottery. No one gets the adrenaline flowing again. It's just technically proficient robotic lifelessness. It's *boring.* I'd give a lot to have drum corps not be boring again.
no fascists pls
Killing people is not compatible with the Scout Law. It's very unkind. Scouts should not be glorifying those who kill.
There's a point where "the way they want to be helped" is something we shouldn't pander to, though. There's a reason that there was pretty widespread support for a broad welfare state among the WWC from the New Deal era until the 1970s-1980s: because that was when they realized that *black people were benefiting too.* Relative status matters at least as much to these fuckers as absolute economic conditions. Trash people will put up with a lot as long as there's someone they can feel they're better than. It's not enough for them to have a meaningful chance at economic security: they also need that chance to not be available to "those people," lest they lose their place in the hierarchy. That relative status matters so much to them that they'll knowingly and willingly sacrifice security and stability if it means they can maintain their relative position. They're not misled or misguided. They know full well what they're voting for. They're just evil. To a large extent, the way they want to be helped is not something we should be pandering to. At some point, following the prescription you suggest leads to watering down our own values to the point where they're meaningless--and that point is much closer t The PSA guys always say "don't blame the voters." Fuck that. A lot of the voters are shit. We absolutely can and should blame them for being deplorables. That's a choice they made. We need to be figuring out how to politically marginalize them, because we're not going to win them over without pandering to their awfulness.
*literally* Joe Davola
#IT'S THE NEW RED GREEN SHOW!
US National Archives has been posting a series of tweets in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment over the last 10-15 minutes. The masochist in me wants to come back later this evening and see what the replies look like.
So don't forget, folks That's what you get, folks For makin' whoopee
Ugh. Fuck meson. Autotools works perfectly fine, everyone knows how to build with it, and it doesn't require anything besides make for the end user. Stop making things more complicated with your "solutions" to "problems" that don't exist.
Ugh. Fuck meson. Autotools works perfectly fine, everyone knows how to build with it, and it doesn't require anything besides make for the end user. Stop making things more complicated with your "solutions" to "problems" that don't exist.
Everything else aside, why would the NHS have any relevance in trade talks in the first place?
Without love, where you you be now?
#HERE #WE #GO
give that man a gg
it would be better if he were a Tony instead of a Matt
let's hope so
lol
Why is this substance-free Nazi trash allowed here? If the mods are unwilling to do their jobs, they need to step down and let people who actually care about the well-being of this community take over.
Between the resignation and the visit, PMQs should be exciting today.
What do you do when "obedient" conflicts with "helpful," "friendly," "courteous," and "kind"?
What do you do when "obedient" conflicts with "helpful," "friendly," "courteous," and "kind"? This isn't nearly as simple as you want to pretend it is. The right thing to do is always circumstance-dependent, based upon a careful weighing of often conflicting ethical duties and imperatives.
Segregation based on morally-irrelevant criteria (such as race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, etc.) is inherently unkind. Following BSA's rules regarding gender-segregated units would therefore require being unkind to others. So what to do? In the end, doing the right thing is more important than following the rules.
There's a part of me that wonders if people saw "Real Madrid" and genuinely thought it meant that they weren't, like, *fake* Madrid or something, and decided that they wanted to be clear that they weren't fake either.
One of the biggest pluses (apart from the obvious) of visiting my parents in the summer is thunderstorms. This is a good day.
One of the biggest pluses (apart from the obvious) of visiting my parents in the summer is thunderstorms. This is a good day.
The problem is that if it can be detected at all, they have no way of telling whether it's because the pilot was smoking in his hotel room right before leaving for the airport (thus causing impairment) or because it was two or three weeks ago (and so almost certainly no longer causing impairment). Given that, to be on the safe side they settled on 28 days, which is generally accepted as the threshold for detectability. That way, they avoid the problem altogether without taking any chances with literally hundreds of peoples' lives. There's a reason commercial aviation in developed countries is far and away the safest way of getting from Point A to Point B. Regulators are *very* cautious about the chances they take. In this case, because marijuana has been illegal (not just in Canada but throughout almost the entire world) until recently, serious academic research into its effects has been hindered. Once there's more data on the duration of impairment (beyond self-reported anecdotes, which for obvious reasons aren't going to be taken into account by policy-makers actually responsible for public safety), I'm sure this will be revisited--but until then, you don't take chances. Wait until it's completely been eliminated from the body (or at least very nearly so such that it's no longer detectable), because as long as it *is* detectable there's no way of telling how recent it is.
Okay.
&gt; I would rather be Republican than liberal, I am a Socialist This would have been a coherent thing to say in pre-1922 Ireland.
&gt; How is teaching our youth that it is proper to follow even the rules we disagree with while we work to change them unhelpful, unfriendly or discourteous? What's unhelpful, unfriendly, or discourteous are the effects of following the rules. Segregation based on morally-irrelevant criteria (like gender, sex, ethnicity, race, etc.) is always unkind. Being obedient therefore requires being unkind. To hell with that. Kindness is always more important than obedience. &gt; we all joined willingly and knew the rules when we did so. That doesn't make it OK to do the wrong thing.
&gt; I respectfully disagree with every point. Some people "respectfully disagree" with the claim that the earth is round. Some people "respectfully disagree" that women should enjoy the franchise. Your "respectful disagreement" doesn't change the fact that your position is morally indefensible. I *don't* respect your views, *precisely because* your views are morally indefensible, and morally-indefensible views are unworthy of respect.
I can't speak to *The Cat in the Hat* in particular (been ages since I spent any time with it), but I recall reading a few of his books to my niece and thinking that at the very least a lot of the illustrations were problematic (literal slant-eyes for a Chinese character, for example). They're of the sort that was a dime a dozen in their day but, well, that was then and this is now. And the fact is, Geisel produced some grotesquely racist cartoons about Japanese immigrants in the years before WW2 internment, which should make one at least wary of issues in his other work. Whether the solution is to remove problematic books entirely is a complicated question...I get the "let's talk about this and why it's problematic" argument, but for *The Cat in the Hat* we're not talking about adults or even teenagers here and I'm not sure how you have that conversation with toddlers and post-toddlers in a manner that will be able to understand. Meanwhile, their impressionability might mean that if it's *not* effectively handled then then you'll just have more deeply-rooted problems later on.
I'm sorry to hear that you've chosen to worship Satan. Legal abortion is God's will, and you're going to burn in Hell for all eternity for doing Satan's work if you don't repent. I'll be praying for you.
It's not an "unborn child," you despicable Satanic trash. It's a fetus. It's morally equivalent to a parasite.
lol warriors
this is as uncomfortable as Robert Mitchum's calypso album
I'm not sure if your read of that is necessarily accurate. "Re-examine" does not necessarily mean "overturn"; it could just as well mean "broaden" or "extend," e.g. by restoring the pre-*Casey* strict scrutiny standard. That's not to say that the average TDH is necessarily thinking in those specific terms, but a more general "they need to go back and strengthen it" is perfectly within the bounds of "re-examine."
&gt; You can't ignore the rules just because you disagree with them. You can, and should, when the rules are harmful, counterproductive, or require immoral acts (such as excluding people based on unnecessarily-onerous financial requirements). Of course, that's not even the case here, since there are no BSA rules regarding uniforms, just "ideally you'd do this, but we realize that the real world is far from ideal."
I can tell by looking that the third valve on that trumpet is going to be super flat
Eh. Appeals and final settlements are still in the works last I heard, but there have been some NLRB rulings over the past few years that have held that McDonald's proper is a joint employer with its franchises, making them at least somewhat legally responsible for working conditions even at the 95% of locations that are not company-owned. There's currently no legal obligation to pay $15/hour so there's no legal liability for McDonald's if franchisors don't pay that under any circumstances, but the argument is that the same mechanisms of influence and control that McDonald's has (via, for example, franchise agreements) that give it at least some responsibility for compliance with labor law, can and should also be used to require franchisees to go above and beyond their legal obligations, e.g. by setting a $15/hour wage floor because it's the right thing to do. So from there, it's not hard to see the reasoning: McDonald's writes a minimum wage clause into its franchise agreements requiring a $15/hour minimum wage, and then McDonald's lowers the franchise fees, royalties, and rents to make that feasible for operators and swallows the cut in profits. It's probably unrealistic that they'll ever do that, but then it's also unrealistic to expect kids to never lie about their dog eating their homework; that's a different argument from whether they *should,* and at any rate the point is that there are tools available for McDonald's to enforce this even if it's unlikely that they'd use them in this manner, and so "they're franchises bro" is grossly oversimplifying the situation. The bigger hang-up is that franchise agreements are 20 years, and I'm not sure it'd be possible to force a change to terms before renewal time, so employees at franchises that have just been established or renewed are going to have to wait a while, and that $15/hour will probably need to be $20 or $25/hour then (but that can be easily accounted for by writing the new number into the agreements made 20 years from now, and the new agreements could conceivably include an escalator clause tying the minimum to the CPI or something). So, it would take a while for it to become universal, but there absolutely are ways for McDonald's to force its franchises to pay a higher-than-legally-required minimum wage, and the question of whether they will is a different one from whether they should.
I should add, that of course franchise agreements can be modified before renewal if all parties agree. And from the franchisee's perspective, I suspect a lot of them would have no objection to raising wages if the cuts in fees meant there was no impact to their bottom line. We come again to the question of why McDonald's would have any incentive to do this, but then we're back to "will they?" being distinct from "should they?" and "do they have the power?"
[Cautiously optimistic](https://twitter.com/Xbox/status/1137821843031592960)
[Cautiously optimistic](https://twitter.com/Xbox/status/1137821843031592960)
Yes, sorry for not specifying.
Yes, and I explained to them why that wasn't what I was asking about, so there was no need for you to post the same irrelevant "advice" yourself.
I'm the man who broke the bank at Monte Caaaaaarlo (lo, lo, lo, lo)
It can't be *that* satisfying, because we have to put up with Andrew Yang and Marianne Williamson.
&gt; Every non-Warren serious candidate is explicitly anti-Sanders And rightly so, because Bernie Sanders is the ultimate status quo candidate. There's a reason he keeps getting elected from the whitest, and one of the least impoverished, states in America: the status quo works for them, and Bernie Sanders's utter refusal to actually *do* anything to bring about meaningful change means he's not going to pose a threat to that.
&gt; if you’re a leftist, you’re almost certainly not going to be considering anybody but Bernie or Warren at this point I'm a communist who's on the fence between Warren and Harris because I actually care about getting shit done, rather than just preening about how pure I am even if that means I make the perfect the enemy of the good. It's not about what you say you want to do. It's about how much you're actually going to be able to accomplish given the realities of the present situation. Bernie Sanders is not a leftist in any meaningful sense, because he has proven to be utterly incapable at actually moving things in a leftward direction. If anything, the effect of his antics means that for all practical purposes made he's right-wing extremist.
Didn't they score 4 in first half of the final against Japan 4 years ago? Ended up winning 5-2, and one of Japan's goals was an own goal (forget who).
That's nice. He still voted no on Barr contempt. Call me back when he actually does something that matters.
Are they going to try him again?
it might have been about a tendentious, uncritical notion of "constitutionalism" (making a principle out of adherence to a set of expedient compromises among special interests no longer active or in the same balance is both stupid and morally indefensible, but there you go, I guess) but it was pretty much the opposite of liberty their goal is, and always has been, a slave system, with them as the masters
So what you're saying is, you're very stupid? I'm more interested in making progressive change happen (i.e. being a real leftist) than in cosplay leftism.
I'm sure "War Pigs" is a really great song, and it seems like it would be, but I've never been able to get past the fact that the first two lines rhyme "masses" with itself and that's always just ruined the rest of it for me.
Right, but rhyming is phonetic, not semantic. It might have worked better if they had used homophones that weren't so closely etymologically related, perhaps.
&gt; It might have been deep for its time Zamiatin did it much better with *Мы* twenty years earlier.
&gt; logic That's an interesting way of spelling "stupidity and/or willful obtuseness."
also They Might Be Giants
lol
I hate to see that evenin' sun go down...
Huffing about "professionalism" in sports is dumb. They're not flying a plane with hundreds of people on board. They're not doing open-heart surgery. They're not deciding whether or not someone will spend the rest of their life in prison. They're playing a game. If you're not having as much fun as possible you're doing it wrong.
the "injuries during sex" one from a week or so ago was great
The issue is that Biden's polling so far ahead of anyone else that there's a pretty good likelihood that any randomly-chosen group with him in it is going to have a substantially higher poll % than the group with him not in it. It's certainly possible to set out to construct roughly equal groups--hell, I was able to come up with 49.9-50.1 on my first try just by eyeballing it--but they said up front that they weren't doing that. Later today when I have some time I might put together some simulation of like a billion random draws to see how the random likelihood shakes out.
lol his whole thing was *saving* capitalism
#DeDong
annie? you ok?
The Indiana Pacers beg to differ.
I probably could have worded that better. The distance from San Francisco to Honolulu is less than the distance from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
But that's not production, it's just reappropriation.
dae remember Orkut?
The problem with uncritical use of ngram viewer is that it fails to account for the inherent limitations of its corpus. The data for that is sourced from published works. While colloquialisms wouldn't be *entirely* absent from that (e.g. dialogue in novels and short stories), their prevalence wouldn't necessarily be reflective of their actual frequency of use in everyday speech.
Japan has won one game and tied one; therefore, the worst it can finish is 1-1-1 and in third place in its group. That would put it ahead of all 0-1-2 and 1-0-2 third-place teams. With Chile losing to the US, then with the way the other groups have played out so far and the possible outcomes of the remaining matches there is guaranteed to be at least four such third-place teams; therefore, Japan is guaranteed to be at worst one of the top four third-place teams (there's still a chance they could finish second, or even first, in their group depending on the outcome of their match vs. England and Argentina vs. Scotland).
https://twitter.com/NickTagliaferro/status/1140076482276069378
bundle
#ONE #TWO #THREE #ALARY
&gt; You think there’s a lot of overlap between leftists and the Trump base? There's not, but there *is* a lot of overlap between Sanders stans (who absolutely are *not* leftists, given their willingness to cozy up to white supremacy and misogyny) and the Trump base. *Real* leftists with *real* leftist values understand that actually making shit happen to make peoples' lives better is more important than narcissistically preening about one's own personal purity. Purity-politics is functionally reactionary.
so...that MLBUA tweet...wtf?
Yes. All decent, moral people do. They're human beings, after all. You seem like a pretty horrible person, tbh.
The funny thing, Godwin's law was never about the warrantedness of the Hitler comparisons or their forensic significance, but simply about the likelihood of one being made.
The one where they stopped millimeters short of #BlueLivesMatter
I say this so you're not led astray just in case you might be in a relevant situation yourself sometime: the person you're responding to does not know what they're talking about. The "only a small percent of people are approved" is for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. That is different from the income-based repayment plans, where forgiveness is virtually automatic after 20/25 years assuming you've kept up with your payments. The only drawback is that the forgiven amount becomes taxable income, but (a) you have a quarter-century to plan for that; and (b) the IRS is pretty flexible with working out payment plans for that as long as you tell them, and at any rate since there is no 100% marginal tax bracket you still come out ahead.
Their knowledge of unions begins and ends with *On the Waterfront.*
To a large extent that's because back when California was rather on the conservative side (not actually all that long ago), the GOPers saddled the state with the utter cancer that is Proposition 13.
Universities aren't trade schools. The whole point is to give you a sense of how you and what you do fit in to the wider world outside of your narrow sphere of experience and interest. If you're not interested in learning for its own sake, then you don't belong at a university.
Never the mind that higher education isn't vocational training anyway; learning is valuable for its own sake.
"You can't fight in here, this is a VAR room!"
Fuck that shit. Patriotism is Satanic; engaging in a form of Satan-worship shouldn't be a precondition of playing.
Good for her. It's a song that glorifies violence, in praise of a government founded on white supremacy. No one should sing it.
Yeah, like, I don't think she's actually making the "vaccines are harmful" argument, but more of the "my kids are my property and you can't tell me how I have to take care of them!" argument.
tiny trash!
Oh, Mother of Pearl, I wouldn't trade you for another girl
Exactly. *Why* you're doing something is often the difference between whether it's morally acceptable or not. Actions don't occur in a vacuum.
No, they were right. The why matters as much as the what. Lots of things that are wrong to do for immoral ends are fine when used for good ends.
His defense of Congressional term limits was really weak. The comparison to executive offices in particular seems contrived, because the issue with executive offices is the concentration of power in the hands of a single individual, something that doesn't happen with legislative bodies (especially if you're not in a leadership position).
&gt; How is the candidate with the strongest background of fighting for people "not on the same team" as anyone else? No one's saying that she's not on the same team as us. In fact, no one mentioned her at all. God, you right-wingers are really fucking obsessed with Hillary, and she's not even running any more.
Anyone who values making a progressive agenda actually happen in the real world agrees with that, because Bernie Sanders's gross ineptitude is the worst possible thing for progressive agendas. There's a reason that he keeps getting reelected by the whitest and one of the least impoverished states in the country: the status quo *works* for them, and he presents absolutely no meaningful threat whatsoever to it.
[Calling Ari Fleischer "Mrs. O'Leary's cow" is just what I needed](https://twitter.com/TheTattooedProf/status/1142056616612761604)
Goodbye, frenpire!
So what you're saying is, you're completely divorced from reality?
And of course I missed it because my Internet was completely dead the entire evening.
Which is bigger: Albert's return to St. Louis or Peyton's to Indianapolis? (as a Colts and a Cardinals fan, I'm not sure)
Good for him, basically. There are some differences in how they left that might be relevant--Pujols was a free agent due to contract expiry, while Manning was cut due to injury and an uncertain future and the Colts were set to draft a generational talent to replace him. I don't think very many people begrudged the team that move for those reasons, but it also meant that there was really no grounds for the sort of animus that was directed towards Pujols at the time (not that it was justified, just that justified or not it was coming from a set of circumstances that didn't apply to the Manning situation). There's also the fact that, as good as Pujols was, his effect on the team still pales to what a quarterback, especially one of Peyton Manning's caliber (indisputably the greatest there's ever been), can have (see: 2011 Colts, where his absence was really the only significant change from the year before). So once he got healthy, *of course* he was going to have success in Denver, he would with any team.
So what you're saying is, you're completely divorced from reality?
Tell me your favorite Traveling Wilbury and explain why it's Roy Orbison.
Ugh. Killing people is not at all consistent with Scouting's values.
This is what I had to do, as a Friend. I was so glad that the BSA recognized the varieties of religious expression.
I mean, I like Bob Dylan better than Roy Orbison, but within the group Orbison was better.
Keep your eyes on the road, your hands upon the wheel...
This reminds me of like late-90s/early-2000s when the World Wide Web was weird, but in a fun and experimental way
Sousaphones are not drum corps. Trombones are not drum corps. Props are not drum corps.
&gt; That you cannot read is not my problem. I understood perfectly well what you said; that's how I know it's utter nonsense. &gt; But they are not solving any linguistic problem. The problem does not exist. Just because you want to pretend it doesn't exist doesn't mean it doesn't exist. &gt; "Yeah, like @soandsoandso said." It has already been explained to you why that is not always a workable solution. Just because you don't want to have to acknowledge that you failed to completely understand an issue does not change the fact that you have failed to completely understand that issue. You're wrong. Learn from it and move on.
When did they move it back from Central?
gold is actually a pretty soft metal tbh
you guys kolten wong is the best defensive second baseman in baseball prove me wrong
actually yes
It had been at the Reitz Bowl for the longest time, but in 2007 they moved it to Central. I know this because I was there, and I have a program that confirms it.
&gt; One that makes the most sense economically and socially Those are still subjective value judgments, though. There's no such thing as "good for the economy" in the abstract, only "good for a specific--whether articulated or not--set of economic goals." Do you want GDP growth above all else? Are you willing to accept limiting GDP growth to a certain extent for greater equality? and so forth--it's all still a matter of subjective ordering of preferences and priorities, and not everyone agrees on those. Obviously most people aren't going to be all-or-nothing on those alternatives (or others), so where exactly you fall on the spectrum is going to be reflective of subjective priorities and the relative weight you assign to various matters. Utilitarian arguments are not value-free, because they still require a determination of what outcomes are good and desirable and what are bad and undesirable--a determination that not everyone will agree with. They merely provide a smokescreen to avoid having to confront or acknowledge the inherent subjectivity that lies beneath. I really think you're drawing a distinction without a difference.
The GOP is a terrorist organization. That said, I don't think this was the wrong photograph. I think it was a (grossly inept) attempt at irony: "oh look at all these people holding signs, totes a heavily armed militia right guise?"
nazi knitters fuck off?
[Falcon Heavy launch if anyone's interested](https://www.nasa.gov/nasalive) Elon Musk is loathsome but SpaceX is fascinating.
I, for one, prefer actual discussion and analysis of substantive matters to the 1069th picture of a sunset this week.
There's a Fountain of Youth joke to be made here regarding Hicks's elbow, but I'm not 100% sure what it is.
lol terre haute
He won't. He just won't have the opportunity to when there's not just the one other person.
After the season, I should do one by average # of posts in game threads.
...and my TV signal went out
Balding white guy maybe isn't the one who needs to be sharing family stories about separation right now...
The only acceptable response is "ban all guns," tbh
Human rights are more important than majority will. Border controls and immigration enforcement of any sort are crimes against humanity.
This is such a broken windows argument. It's labor that's now available for producing things of greater value, rather than shuffling papers around to extract and redirect wealth by providing a necessary function but in a grossly inefficient manner.
https://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-twitter-warning-labels-trump-20190627-story.html
Unfortunately not, since it's June. By the time the new season starts it'll be stale.
Because he has a penis; therefore he automatically wins against a woman, I guess.
He does, tbh. That was pretty impressive.
I guess because everybody else is doing it Harris Buttigieg Bennet Hickenlooper Biden Swalwell Gillibrand (I feel like I have to qualify this one--I suspect I'd have her above Swalwell if she had gotten more in, and it's not entirely her fault that she didn't) Sanders Yang Williamson
if there were plenty of water at the bottom yeah
I shouldn't have said what I said--I was obviously not as informed as I thought I was, as I've learned over the past 45 minutes or so since you pointed it out to me. Thanks!
&gt; My son's troop has scouts who are Muslim, Hindu, and Jewish in addition to the varying Christians and agnostics/atheists. Not gonna lie, this is one of the many reasons it's better to grow up in a big city rather than a rural white-bread small town like I did. Once I left, it took a *long* time before I had any idea how to navigate the wonderful diversity of the real world.
Right, that's an emic perspective. But the "analysis" on /r/politics is being done from an etic perspective, except they're doing it horribly: taking one particular emic view and abusing it as a universal, "objective" etic assumption about Christian traditions as a whole, as though it constitutes some objective Platonic ideal-form that is *the* normative Christianity. It's just fucking stupid.
&gt; If someone illegally crosses with a child in tow are we just supposed to let them go wherever they want? Yes, tbh. After all, it's not like they're doing anything wrong. Borders are a crime against humanity; it's those responsible for making and enforcing them who are in the wrong, not those violating them. The idea that those who, by pure chance beyond their control, happened to have been born within an arbitrarily-defined geographic region have a greater right to be in or enter that region than those who were not, is indefensible at every level. It runs counter to all notions of individual self-determination and free association. It is an abomination without any moral basis.
That's an incredibly idiotic response. The *whole fucking point* of politics is "what about the status quo would we like to change?" Just because that's the way something has been, doesn't preclude us from changing that. Also, your "5000+ years" is just factually wrong. Controlled borders as the global norm is a much more recent phenomenon. You're welcome to try again once you (a) know what you're talking about; and (b) are capable of forming a coherent argument, though.
&gt; Most large cities don't have anything analogous to the way South Bend and Mishawaka are fully contiguous cities with downtowns just 10 minutes' drive apart. You've obviously never spent any time on the coasts. (other than the 10 minutes' drive part because traffic is horrendous, but yeah, they're contiguous as *fuck*)
It's entirely plausible that there have been 4.2 million licenses granted since the Department of Commerce issued the first one in 1927. Especially if *all* airperson's licenses (including the non-pilot ones) are in the same sequence.
&gt; We are a republic after all rather than a democracy That's some /r/iamverysmart material right there. The US is both a republic and a democracy (albeit a seriously fucked-up one). The two are not mutually exclusive. A "republic" is just anything that's not a monarchy. You can have democratic republics, like the US. You can have democratic non-republics, like the UK. You can have non-democratic republics, like the USSR. You can have non-democratic non-republics, like old-regime Europe. Also the whole thing's beside the point anyway because is does not imply ought.
The possibility of shingles scares me. I'm too old to have received the chicken pox vaccine, but I'm also too young to be in the recommended range for the shingles vaccines. I have no intention of pressing the issue with my doctor, but I am curious, if anyone here knows--what *is* the reason for not recommending it for people under 50? I know a lot of times the reasons are as much logistical as they are medical (e.g. limited supply = saving it for the people most likely to need it, which I absolutely respect); I'm just curious what's at play here.
I just watched *Dirty Dancing* for the first time in years and I had forgotten how much I loved it.
Goodbye, Rosie, Queen of Corona
Anyone who says they know for sure this will lead to a major war is "wrong" in the sense that they can't know *for sure* at this point, but by the same standard so is anyone who says that for sure it won't. It doesn't take a lot to make shit spiral out of control *real* fast, and it can be something completely random and unpredictable. For that matter, it can be something that has already happened, but whose implications no one realized until it starts playing out.
&gt; Do you not give a shit about civilians in Iran? Who, unlike US troops, didn't ask for this? Also worth noting that the Iranian military is to a large extent conscripted. They didn't necessarily ask to be part of anything, either.
He's a beneficiary of pathological cheating, though. I realize the bounties were defensive, but he still benefited in two ways: 1) By circumventing the salary cap with the bounty system, allowing them to sign defensive players for less of a cap hit than otherwise, the Saints had more cap space available to pay offensive players than they otherwise would have. 2) The field-position advantages that came from the illegally-paid defense.
"See! Y'all said I shouldn't make foreign policy decisions based on my political interests, so I took your advice! Why aren't you congratulating me?"
lol Not a fan of punting here but still that was fucking hilarious
Also Tom Steyer looks so much like Archie Manning.
Probably should note that through all of this &gt; The Titans move back 5 yards, but this doesn't really matter (since they're giving up the ball, anyway) In fact, under the circumstances giving up five yards was probably advantageous to Tennessee. &gt; (if anything, it gave their punter more room) To explain what this means: Punting the ball is a way to move the ball a long distance downfield, which makes it harder for the other team to score because they have to cover more ground. However, if you kick the ball so far that it crosses the goal line, the other team will get to begin play at the twenty yard-line. So if the punt is made at a point on the field where kicking the ball past the goal line is a legitimate possibility (for most punters this begins to be an issue around midfield), the punter has to be *really* careful not to kick it *too* hard. The goal in these circumstances, then, is to get the ball to land (actually it's more complicated than that and depends on where the ball is first touched, which is further complicated by where the player who first touches is and has been standing on the play, but this is the basic gist of it) as close to the goal line as possible without going over it. So sometimes, when punting from this area on the field, then even if clock considerations aren't an issue teams will explicitly take five-yard penalties to decrease the likelihood that the ball will end up crossing the goal line after it's kicked. It all depends on the particular skills and abilities of the person punting (as well as his teammates who are responsible for touching the ball to end the play downfield). In a pinch a good punter ought to be able to do what they have to regardless, but if you can make it a bit easier on him and give him more room for error just in case, why not do it?
doesn't count if you cheat
Ah.
Essentially, yes. It won't necessarily be a 1:1 correspondence since they adjust for the quality of the polls, demographics, past correspondences, etc., but that'll be the gist of it.
I made a side trip to see the space shuttle at the CA Science Center last time I went to the Coliseum for USC-Notre Dame. One of the engineers who worked on the propulsion systems was there that day and he was just holding court to anyone who wanted to listen...it was great!
What's your point? Paul was a false teacher and an anti-Christ.
http://www.egr.unlv.edu/~ed/assembly64.pdf
Jesus preached love; Paul preached narcissism.
&gt; Because in the Bible he was christened an Apostle Not by Jesus. &gt; He preached that we should worship Jesus What he preached that we should worship is a gross caricature of Jesus that denied the entire essence of Jesus's actual mission and teaching.
Version 14.2 of Slackware Linux was released on July 1, 2016. See, I can say things that are correct but completely irrelevant to the matter at hand, too!
The timing of Bolton's announcement seems suspect...why are we supposed to be so sure that he's not just planning to do the illegitimate occupant of the White House a solid in exchange for doing what Bolton's always wanted?
No clue if this is their reason, but it does have interesting demographics: second-highest Native proportion and highest Hispanic proportion of any state.
"Make them wait. It's a power move."
&gt; He’s really struggling for breath today. Maybe he's having a heart attack.
But it shouldn't be, and I agree--it's shitty that it is. Quite frankly, citizenship should be automatic and unconditional for anyone who asks for it. Anything else is just making distinctions based on circumstances of birth (imposing requirements that people who by pure chance happened to be born within an arbitrarily-bounded geographic region don't have to go through), which is utterly reprehensible in all situations.
Both "this definitely means ww3" and "nothing serious will happen" were equally wrong, tbh. Until this morning there was insufficient information to support either conclusion. Making a guess and getting lucky is not the same thing as actually being justifiedly correct.
Just because you're too stupid to understand that different things are different doesn't mean it's hypocrisy. Hypocritical: "it's OK for me to break long-standing social norms by stealing, but it's not OK for you to steal" Not hypocritical: "it's OK for me (and anyone else who wants to) to break long-standing social norms by wearing my hair however I want, but it's not OK for you to break long-standing social norms by stealing"
you can tell they're a moron because they think a moderately-better-than-average game-manager is the "GOAT"
And the most progressive candidate from any party.
https://twitter.com/shannonrwatts/status/1215373742156779520
[wtf i love matt gaetz now](https://twitter.com/funder/status/1215431435160641537)
Yesterday, I had lunch at a local pizza buffet. I was kind of disappointed because the pizza itself was good, but the crust was somewhat burnt which ruined the whole experience. I did run in to my first grade teacher, whom I adored and still adore, so that was good.
I'll repost something here I said on another sub: This started in 1953 when the US overthrew a secular, democratically elected government in Iran so that a British oil conglomerate wouldn't have to pay its workers a living wage. The Islamic Republic almost certainly doesn't exist if that doesn't happen. Their sponsorship of terrorism almost certainly doesn't exist. Their brutal suppression of dissent and individual liberties almost certainly doesn't exist. The current government maintains its legitimacy by being able to cast the US as a bogeyman, something it can credibly do because of the shit the US was up to in the past. So the way we delegitimize it is by not striking back, by undermining the relevance of that narrative to the present. Because you know what? However fucked up it may be, Iran is not North Korea. The people there are still pretty well connected to the outside world. They'll figure it out. Hell, they elected Mohammed Khatami in 1997, and the only reason he and his allies couldn't continue was because the Guardian Council meddled to prevent it. So once we remove their ability to paint the US as a bogeyman, their basis for legitimacy ceases to exist. And we accomplish that by normalizing diplomatic relations, removing sanctions, etc. Not conditionally, not at some point in the future, but today, right this moment. Yeah, it'll require swallowing our pride. Yeah, it'll require taking it on the chin in the short term. Yeah, it'll upset the hyperemotional id-driven children who see the world through a lens of visceral reactions and "no one fucks with us!" nonsense. But it's worth it for a free, open Iran and saving thousands or millions of lives in the long run.
&gt; Also, young Iranians don't hold the same views of the west that the older people who remember the revolution do. And frankly, can you blame those older people? After the shit that went down in '53...
https://twitter.com/SarahTaber_bww/status/1216350395297079296
My niece fired me from hide-and-seek yesterday because it's not fair that I hid in a broom closet she didn't think I could fit in and so she didn't bother to look in.
Capitalism is thoroughly collectivist, tbh--it enforces the premise that an individual's right to their own life, as expressed through their access to the material requirements of survival, is conditioned on the extent to which they produce to meet the wishes and demands of others.
Why, hello, Viagra fans! How are you today in Viagra Land?
The desktop client is great; it's the mobile client that's crap.
Given that they're doing an even worse job of lying to us this time around, it seems relevant. At least the Bush admin more or less was able to get its story straight, at least long enough to cross the Rubicon.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/ukraine-prosecutor-offered-information-related-to-biden-in-exchange-for-ambassadors-ouster-newly-released-materials-show/2020/01/14/cc45d19e-371e-11ea-9541-9107303481a4_story.html
Booker might be a decent HUD guy.
One of these things is actually happening right now, though.
This so much. Instrumentalism is killing higher education.
&gt; Not everybody needs the full post-secondary liberal arts program though. Define "needs." Everyone benefits from a greater appreciation of the complexity of our world, the experiences of others unlike them, and the limits of their own personal perspective.
nil nisi bonum
Save the ~~cheerleader~~billionaire businessman, save the world!
Steyer's there all like, "What are you guys doing? Are you playing a game? Can I play too?"
I was considering her, and was considering her more as the night went on...until she whipped out the rank anti-intellectualism. Ugh.
I'm unlikely to vote for him, but his willingness to bring his faith to the forefront is definitely one of the things I appreciate most about him.
Of the current field, who would make the best Jeopardy host? I say Warren.
https://twitter.com/Kalarigamerchic/status/1217469883082067968
https://twitter.com/TolkienSociety/status/1217865106652123137
There are a lot of Canadian-US dual citizens. I also know a handful of people who adopt Commonwealth spellings as an affect (they're exactly as insufferable as you'd expect, but they exist and they vote in US elections), so there are probably others as well.
Holy fuck R. B. Bennett was a major asshole. I'm reading through telegrams he was exchanging with people who were trying to prevent the deportation of their church to the USSR in the early 1930s, and I'm pretty sure he's taunting them like some suspense-thriller villain. "I don't think you'll be able to make it to Halifax in time!"
By rule, no. You have to have at least $1 to continue on.
I'm confused, though. Hasn't Popeye's *always* had chicken sandwiches? Like, I'm pretty sure that my Popeye's order for going on probably 25 years now has been a chicken sandwich.
Marx and communism are not synonyms. Communist thought existed long before Marx.
There's nothing voluntary about a relationship you enter into because the alternative is death. Stop trying to legitimize this particular form of slavery by pretending that it's something other than what it is.
Fish are friends, not food, you piece of shit.
LA Metrolink is advertising special service for the Women's March on Twitter and so far it's only gotten one shitty comment in four days!
It's late and I want a McDonald's Bacon, Egg, and Cheese.
&gt; In America almost half of women don’t agree with abortion. What constitutes a right isn't subject to majority determination. God and God alone gives us our rights.
What a fucking idiot.
It never held up. It was transparently a distraction from the beginning.
History is created, not recorded.
Well, pseudo-leftist. Real leftism centers identity politics and rejects class reductionism, because real leftists are actually interested in making the world a better place for everyone rather than reproducing existing hierarchies just under different material conditions.
There's nothing inherently wrong with heresy. Certain heresies may well be wrong, of course, but "heresy" in and of itself doesn't mean "wrong." It just means contrary to established doctrine--but sometimes it's established doctrine that's wrong.
I just found my mother's high school yearbook photos on Ancestry.com.
If Larry Walker doesn't get in, the shit had damn well better hit the fan in Cooperstown.
You mean Peyton Manning's mentor?
From the article: &gt; But environmental groups agree it could have unintentional consequences - stopping others from coming forward to report pollution. It's not "unintentional" if it's the whole fucking point. Jim Tomes wants to kill us all so his buddies can make a bit more money.
RIP Mr. Peanut
If you're treating college degrees as job training, you're already doing it wrong. That's not what they're for.
Hire Reince Priebus as an "analyst."
Shit like this is why I think "don't comment on linked threads!" rules are fucking asinine and morally indefensible. Intervening to hopefully prevent people from acting on possibly harmful advice is more important than the sanctity of some jackass's Internet fiefdom.
http://ca3blog.com/cases/in-dramatic-third-circuit-argument-prosecutor-concedes-relief-in-death-penalty-case/
and termites
[that ratio tho](https://www.twitter.com/MarshaBlackburn/status/1220452721616216087)
https://twitter.com/readingmuseum/status/1220645331412668416
If it wasn't already apparent, the Heath Mello endorsement made it clear that the *one* thing Bernie Sanders is willing to compromise on is civil rights.
&gt; Seems like clinton genuinely doesnt believe that her loss was any way on her. If that is in fact what she believes, she'd be right.
They're not good people, and they're not being duped into anything. They're fully aware of what they're doing, and it's what they've always wanted: a patriarchal white-supremacist ethnostate.
No one's talking about a 70% baseline rate. I'm cool with a 70%+ marginal rate for the highest bracket.
https://twitter.com/BoeingAirplanes/status/1221199360584830977
Welcome to the Pacific Northwest. &gt; a clear day lol
Kyle Schwarber: "What did that Ike Newman guy know about anything, anyway?"
https://twitter.com/arthur_affect/status/1221283508686999552
Honestly, the set design alone makes it worth it. Holy shit.
Does Del Taco exist outside of southern California? I don't think I've ever seen one anywhere else.
If someone says that one Democratic party organ needs to get its "head out of its ass" because they can't be bothered to understand that the thing they want them to do is the purview of *another* party organ, it's perfectly justified in throwing their own words back at them.
The day after LeBron passes him on the all-time points list, a helicopter in which Kobe Bryant is a passenger crashes, killing all on board.
Like 80% of the women I went to high school with are basically junior Phyllis Schlaflys.
&gt; Bernie Probably sees Kobe Bryant as a rich capitalist and a member of the elite Which is just bad Marxism on the Sandroids' part anyway. Marxism isn't the whole story, but it *is* a very useful set of analytical tools as far as they go. But you have to actually use them properly. Class is a functional delineation. Kobe Bryant was a lifelong wage worker. That's why they're unionized.
I didn't realize /r/nfl was full of idiots.
I disagree. People *shouldn't* have to make sacrifices for something as fundamental as education and a secure, comfortable existence, and it's an undesirable state of affairs that they do. Especially since there are people who, through pure accident of birth or market luck (because let's face it, that's almost all market success is--plenty of people work just as hard and intelligently and capably who don't do as well, and the only difference is luck), *don't* have to make those sacrifices. It's fundamentally unjust, and it's not an injustice that the universe forces on us: it's an injustice that we choose to allow to exist, and we can and should choose to end. I do agree that the fact that things are that way is a failure of society. Where I break with the Sanders cult on this is in my rejection of narcissistic personality cults, their insistence that this is the ONLY thing that matters, and all-or-nothing purity tests that only serve to accomplish nothing in that direction.
Are you really a Republican if you're Charlie Baker, though?
&gt; calls self a "language nerd" &gt; has never heard of the Great Vowel Shift
https://twitter.com/MikeBeauvais/status/1195007597256028161
This is a theory I've had at the back of my mind for about a year now...to be clear, it's based on nothing but my impressionistic reading of some of his campaign rhetoric... ...but the filing deadline for the Indiana gubernatorial primaries is February 7.
Oh, I know. I know Indiana *far* too well. I don't think he has a chance of winning. Especially since Holcomb is, unlike Pence, not an outright fucking moron. But sometimes his choice of language and emphasis seems to be trying to position himself to try to give himself a shot.
For those who are unfamiliar with real Indiana, Carmel is basically Eagleton.
&gt; nor does it prepare students for a real world job I mean, not to defend plagiarism or anything, but more broadly that's really not something universities should be concerning themselves with.
I still say actual fucking communism (i.e. seizing these companies via eminent domain and turning them over to the workers) would be cheaper than this, as long as you didn't expect to do it all at once. Incidentally, with a 90% corporate tax rate, there's agood argument that most of Sanders's agenda wouldn't be needed anyway. Corporations are taxed on profit, after all, and so when they face high tax rates they typically reinvest as much as they can in R&amp;D or employee loyalty (via high wages and benefits) to keep profits down so that that revenue can benefit them rather than losing it outright.
I'm calling it now: Schiff 2028.
X - I Must Not Think Bad Thoughtx
&gt; No This is incorrect; please pay attention.
Of course I'm not, because I value freedom too much to endorse an authoritarian social order such as capitalism. Private property is rooted in state violence. It cannot exist otherwise. Capitalism leverages material necessity to coerce people to subordinate themselves to the will of another in order to merely survive. It's just another form of slavery.
&gt; logic doesn't have an ideology *grumbles in postmodernism*
Like I said, "hot take." It's a real fucking problem, though. There were three public high schools in the county where I grew up. One was like 92% white, one was 96% white, and one was literally 100% white. Unsurprisingly, there's not a lot of sympathy/concern/awareness for the experiences of non-white people among most of the people I grew up with.
If anything, it'd be the opposite. After all, if you're anywhere in the Boston-Washington corridor then a 500-mile minimum excludes you from the entire Ivy League and really basically anything east of Notre Dame--but you do get Notre Dame, Chicago, most or all of the Big Ten, and the south/southeast/west. Midwest kids miss out on Notre Dame/Chicago/the Big Ten universities (which are excellent research institutions, except Nebraska) but still get most (if you're in the Columbus area) or all of the Ivy League, the southern/southeastern schools like Florida, Rice, Emory, Texas; if you're Chicago and points west you can add the Research Triangle to that, etc. And they all get the West Coast institutions like Stanford, UCLA, Cal, USC, etc. And then West Coasters basically invert that. And that's just the big research universities--to say nothing of the myriad teaching-oriented public institutions, SLACs, etc. that are situated throughout the country.
To learn about things they find interesting and discover new things that are interesting that they wouldn't have encountered otherwise, expand their comfort zone, gain a better appreciation of the complexity of the social and cultural world we all inhabit, etc.
No, it's thoroughly Satanic. Your Satanic nonsense doesn't belong here.
[Fuck. Off. I grew up in Indiana. It's not some strong moral center. It's a degenerate shithole.](https://twitter.com/PeteButtigieg/status/1222632372362981378) On the other hand, this further strengthens my not-entirely-unserious theory that he's really gunning for governor.
That's part of it, but you also have to take into account suburbanization. The population of Evansville proper has declined, but the combined populations of Vanderburgh and Warrick counties has much more closely mirrored US growth rates.
OK, time to see if wine 5 will install and run MS Office--if so I can get rid of Windows for everything but games
&gt; some state is obviously gonna vote first Not necessarily--they can be done all at once. &gt; I guess this year, we should let Vermont vote first instead Well, we could do it all at once, but if not we can certainly do it somewhere that's more...representative. New York, say, or Georgia, or California, or Texas.
The Supreme Court decision wouldn't have happened without a broader shift in social attitudes that both created the environment for the case and made it possible to elect public officials that would put people willing to even so much as consider deciding in such a way on the bench. And Obergefell didn't fix everything. Employment discrimination remains a major issue, for example.
&gt; while still needing some form of border patrol/customs agencies nah The very existence of borders is a crime against humanity and a sin against God. They're pure xenophobia, and just another way of making distinctions between people based on arbitrary circumstances of birth that should have gone out with aristocracy and monarchy. Any of the supposed advantages of "borders" could also apply at any infinitely smaller arbitrary line on a map, so why is that particular set of lines so important?
have you seen the sign?
https://www.facebook.com/jean.stothert/posts/1310830112461026?comment_id=1310864639124240&amp;reply_comment_id=1311273179083386 * Omaha mayor's office makes a Facebook post announcing a curfew * Someone with a Korean name written in Hangul denounces the whole affair as cowardice * Literal mayor of Omaha responds to said person with Hangul name that "a Facebook troll who hides behind symbols and doesn’t list their name, is a coward." Seven hours later and it's still up.
Taking a poll: Rod Hull or Doug?
Just think, we could have had taco trucks on every corner.
it's a fucking desecration is what it is
Hell, so did the Congressional Black Caucus. Because at the time, no one fucking knew what an utter disaster it would turn out to be. Because predicting that disaster would have required an understanding of how structural biases and institutional racism works that we just didn't have a quarter-century ago--an understanding that, tragically, we only developed as a consequence of analyzing that very disaster.
https://travel.gc.ca/destinations/united-states
especially read the "Safety and Security" tab
I mean, don't modern republican movements tend to be one flavor or another of socialism?
Your understanding is incorrect, then. They can't engage in campaign activity or sustained legislative advocacy. They absolutely can say "This thing this government official did is bad."
lolno the airport is the only redeeming feature of Ontario, California
A Lutheran minister friend of mine and I were talking about Creflo Dollar types a few years ago and she had that exact response.
IN's been 6 AM-6PM local time as long as I can remember. Last polls to close are in the northwest and southwest corners that are on Central Time.
When would the next season start under this plan?
https://twitter.com/ndrew_lawrence/status/1267937393161707521
"Weird of Hermiston" is such a great song
wtf I love GWB now
you guys what if Charlie Baker publicly gets behind Biden? also why the fuck is Charlie Baker still a Republican?
Weld at 8% in Indiana with 70% in.
I agree, but they set themselves up for this when they decided to completely ignore the arrangements they had with copyright holders and decided to just start lending out unlimited simultaneous copies.
https://twitter.com/YahooFinance/status/1268206174073126915
A royal evening is dinner at Burger King and dessert at Dairy Queen.
https://www.twitter.com/Jack9Flaherty/status/1268240671707553792
...of steel
Would next season be shortened too, then? Because a full-length season starting just before the new year still doesn't leave much of an offseason, unless they plan to gradually go back a couple of weeks at a time over a few years until they're back to normal.
The thing about the whole Drew Brees being a shithead affair is that, given the situation with his kid, literally *no one* would have had a problem if he had stayed silent the whole time. He could have said nothing at all! But nah. He's not just a shit, he's a fucking *stupid* shit.
on the other hand, Donitz ended the war Donitz was a war criminal and raging anti-Semite in his own right, don't get me wrong, and unrepentantly so--and he absolutely should have been able to infer, if not the specifics, at least the general gist of what was going on in the camps, so his insistence that he had no idea was full of shit--but he did end the war
100% of the time it's a distraction tactic to avoid being forced to admit that they don't actually care about what set it off.
[I wonder what Dabo's going to say](https://twitter.com/Trevorlawrencee/status/1266455144868257799)
In theory, when counting the votes an individual vote or an entire slate's vote can be thrown out. However, the meeting in which that is done is a joint session of *both* houses, and *both* houses, separately, have to concur in order to throw out a vote or an entire slate.
He's also made it a whole lot easier to paint him as Trump 2.0.
Hey, positive reinforcement, right?
[Correct, it is one of the 500,000 best movies ever made](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+many+movies+have+been+made)
#BEVERLY HILLS, THAT'S WHERE I WANT TO BE
If you're into MPAA #s you may be interested in the "Omnibus" podcast. It's hosted by Ken Jennings and John Roderick, two episodes a week of them talking about whatever bit of cultural ephemera they feel like talking about for an hour. The show's conceit is that it's a cultural "time capsule" for a future post-apocalyptic situation, and each episode has a "certificate number" that is the MPAA # of a film on a related topic and a reference to a relevant Bible verse.
and, y'know, the guys who catch his balls
I'm proud that I got the last verse's scansion correct on the first try.
Why should people protesting against abuse by police acknowledge the abusive police as competent authorities to tell them when and under what circumstances they're allowed to protest against abuse by police?
&gt; It is valid to raise concerns that Christianity is under attack, in places it actually is, In particular, in the US, Christianity--with its teachings of love, communal obligations, and universal brotherhood--is under attack from a dominant civic religion that values violence against the powerless and the other, sociopathic self-centeredness, and xenophobia.
It's a cost-benefit trade-off. It's one thing to risk spreading disease for the sake of profit or your weekly trip to Golden Corral. It's another thing to risk it to put a stop to rampant police violence that disproportionately victimizes some of our most marginalized and most disenfranchised communities. They're two very different purposes, and so the balancing of risks and benefits comes down in a different place for each.
So much for the "good cops" I keep hearing about.
why the hell is this getting downvoted? explain yourselves
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ExactlyWhatItSaysOnTheTin
&gt; I am very close with the good guys and Tampa I mean...
no
The one where a guy comes on demanding like $10,000 for a rusted out shell of an old iron lung with none of the actual functional bits.
Holy fuck the Buffalo police are just disgusting degenerate scum through and through.
&gt; He reaches towards the cops gun and taps it with his phone. Why do you find it necessary to lie? I mean, even the fucking *police* aren't claiming that.
&gt; If a teacher put a gun to a student's head do you think the teacher's union is going to protect him? No, because teachers' unions aren't pathological, and their members aren't the first line of the criminal justice system which allows them to wield significant power in determining whether or not one of their own is prosecuted. Police unions are different.
As it happens, murdering Black people in the street with impunity isn't a means of production, so abolishing police unions isn't an attack on organized labor.
That's ESTEEMED CHARACTER ACTRESS Margo Martindale to you, asshole!
It used to be the case that if you did evals, you would be able to see your final course grades as soon as your instructor submitted them, rather than have to wait until the official "final grades made available" date on the academic calendar. That is no longer the case.
&gt; That's... not what she said? I'm seriously questioning your literacy skills right now. &gt; And who tf is calling for a trans genocide? I'm seriously questioning your literacy skills right now.
Except for the women who don't menstruate, and the non-women who do. This is why you can't equate the two. This isn't difficult unless you want to continue to insist that transgender women aren't really women.
&gt; You mentioned we shouldn't fire people though I don't think that's what they actually said.
uh
[No, it fucking was not, you lying sack of shit.](https://twitter.com/tomhfh/status/1269643230318080001)
"Flagpole Sitta" is on my Spotify most-played songs of 2019 list and I think that's entirely due to a flight from Calgary to Newark where it got stuck on loop somehow and I couldn't get it to stop until the battery drained.
[This is great but also as someone who grew up in a town roughly 1/6 the size, 50,000 people is not a "small town."](https://www.latimes.com/story/2020-06-07/george-floyd-protests-spread-to-smaller-mostly-white-towns)
Eric Burdon
The thing is, it's pretty much the bog standard Marxist take that capitalist societies structurally make wide-ranging form extremely difficult. But no, they've convinced themselves that it's just a matter of the personal conservativism of Democratic elected officials.
Apparently the kente cloth was at the request of the CBC?
#Hast du etwas Zeit für mich? #Dann singe ich ein Lied für dich
https://twitter.com/SleepyDjango/status/1270056163669708801
Q = abbreviation for IQ = the objective rational scientific basis for the Aryan race's intrinsic racial superiority
Do you understand the difference between a statement of "is" and a statement of "should"? I'm aware of how things work. I'm suggesting changing the way things work. Private prosecutions are hardly novel to common law systems, they still exist (though are uncommon) in many Commonwealth countries, and in the US a number of states (including Virginia and New Jersey) still have provisions for them.
Ice Qube
The bad stff is the problem. We don't need to know about the stuff that's not the problem, because nothing needs to be done about that. It's the bad stuff that needs to be fixed. And anyway, why should well-paid public servants get a participation trophy for the bare minimum of basic human decency?
https://twitter.com/vagina_museum/status/1270320899779112960
Tom Tom Club and Cranberries, for sure.
but how much is it in angstroms?
the ICP
Meanwhile, there are people trying to pass off Mai 68 as something that was sparked by MLK's assassination.
&gt; Tbh though, country music is getting a lot more liberal. It always has been, if not liberal, certainly *decidedly* anti-reactionary once you got out of the Nashville orbit.
Off the top of my head, I seem to recall that there's a decent amount of evidence that in general, somewhere around 25-30% support there's a critical point at which the likelihood of a policy proposal's continuing on to majority support and eventual enactment increases considerably (way more than just linearly) in sort of a snowball effect. Obviously, even upon reaching that point it's an increased *likelihood* rather than a guarantee, with social phenomena you can never make definite predictions, and there's always the possibility that certain things about this particular proposal may make it an exception to a general trend, but...24% isn't meaningless, especially since it represents a 50% jump in a week. That specific pace is probably not going to continue, but it's also unlikely that the rise in support just stops abruptly, and as it creeps closer to 30% it'll be interesting to see if it takes off.
*Chuck Bednarik has entered the chat*
I really don't agree with the outsized focus on Mitch McConnell in general. Yeah, he's horrible. But even if he's gone, if the GOP retains the majority then whoever replaces him as Majority Leader is going to do the same damn shit. If the GOP isn't in the majority, then it really doesn't make a difference whether he's there or not.
holy shit Ari Fleischer is actually a fucking moron
Yeah, like, I thought he was just a morally-bankrupt liar. But no, he's incredibly stupid.
Slaves to Armok: God of Blood, Chapter II: Dwarf Fortress
Orbiter &gt; KSP
&gt; His logic was that having a .0001% (the actual number) chance of dying to Covid was not crisis enough to shut down the county any longer. That's not his decision to make.
This. They do great work. All that risks going down the shitter because of this dumb stunt that they didn't have to do and as much as I'd hate to see their good work end, if that's the outcome of this then it's their own damn fault.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_parties_to_international_copyright_agreements
&gt; Yes, but that was before people threatened to take down the Internet Archives. I mean, all this could have been avoided if the Internet Archive didn't just blatantly thumb its nose at globally-recognized copyright protections. &gt; Iceland has been lobbying to host the backbone of the world's internet for years on account of the free energy they have at their disposal. I'm not sure what this has to do with global copyright treaties.
People who engage in creative labor are entitled to the products of that labor.
Found the bootlicker.
&gt; He pointed a taser at a cop after attacking him and stealing the taser in the first place Cops always tell us that tasers are a safer, non-lethal way to handle a situation. Hell, they'll even use a taser (on consenting volunteers) as a demonstration. So why'd they feel a need to respond in a lethal manner to potentially being tased themselves?
Have you ever been experienced? Not necessarily stoned, but beautiful.
stock
Yeah, that's just completely asinine because the majority ruling doesn't actually hinge on how one defines "sex"!
Hot take: a war would be bad.
What a dumb thing to say. Scouting is inherently political. It's always been about advancing a specific vision of how we should relate to one another in society. Your problem isn't that it's political, it's that it's a specific politics that you personally don't care for, because you don't like that it forces you to ask uncomfortable questions about yourself.
I know I've remarked here in the past [that I've found the rigor of the Citizenships to be rather underwhelming](https://old.reddit.com/r/BSA/comments/8gqqw8/information_literacy_merit_badge/dye3hu8/). The Citizenships as structured allow one to through the motions of acknowledging diversity without really considering the substance.
There's a difference between partisanship and politics. Partisan politics is one form politics takes, and it's understandable the BSA would want to keep out of it. But politics exists in other forms, too--in fact, literally everything that exists in society is, inherently, political--and BSA has always been happy to be political in those ways.
I mean, if people are repelled by an emphasis on basic human decency, maybe we don't want them? There's an argument to be made that by bringing them into the fold we could educate them, but if the only way to bring them in is to pander to their racism rather than challenge it, what's the point? &gt; its core role is teaching teamwork and civics via the strenuous environment of the outdoors I'm curious to know what, exactly, you think "teamwork and civics" involves?
&gt; my dad grew up in Chicago and he said he saw cops just go behind the counter and make their own I'd be calling the health department on that shit. Holy fuck.
What has he actually *done* foreign-policy wise, though? Like, Christopher had been Deputy SoS under Carter. Albright and Rice were career national security/foreign service people with relevant Ph.D.s. Kerry spent 20+ years on Senate Foreign Relations. Powell and Clinton were...probably less formally qualified, but even Powell had at least been National Security Advisor and Clinton did a lot of meaningful diplomatic work during her husband's Presidency, even if not in an official diplomatic position. What's Buttigieg done? I like the guy, but what's he actually done that would suit him for this job?
I'm curious to know how UPs that participate are making the economics work with this (fairly small) stipend. The expenses of academic publishing aren't really in printing or "marketing" (lol) or even author payments (royalties are usually fairly insubstantial--most people writing academic books make their living as university faculty). Rather, they're in the professional staff who edit and process manuscripts to make them ready for publication, and in the full-time editor who organizes and oversees peer review (the re iewers themselves are generally not paid; it's treated as a professional service obligation by the scholars who do it, knowing that they'll be dependent on others to review their own work for publication). Those expenses aren't really affected by digital publishing.
&gt; And don’t disrespect our military. An organization devoted to killing human beings--an act that is always, under all circumstances, morally reprehensible in God's eyes--is worthy of zero respect. I don't know about you--you probably aren't, given your position on this--but I am a Christian. Jesus didn't say "kill your enemy." He said "love your enemy." He said "offer the other cheek." He said "bless those who curse you." He said "do good to those who harm you." Those don't fail to become he right thing to do just because it's inconvenient or unpleasant.
It's absolutely a good thing that players are doing what they can to replace Minor Leaguers' salaries. Certainly, Minor Leaguers--the majority of whom are young and haven't had an opportunity to save much even if they were making enough to be able to put a reasonable amount away--need what they can get right now, and they shouldn't be consigned to poverty just to teach the owners a lesson. But I also think there needs to be a discussion about the moral hazard that seems to be created here, where owners know they can count on some of their employees to subsidize their other employees' salaries if it comes to it. And I'm not sure what the answer to it is, but...ignoring it seems like something that can create longer-term issues.
You know what else would increase offense, allow pitchers to go deeper into games, and let some players continue their careers a bit longer? 1. Every player has the option to use a tee for one PA a game 2. Automatic triple for the batter if a pitch is clocked at over 90 mph 3. All pitching must be underhand, slow-pitch softball style. 4. Big fucking bats
&gt; I’m a confirmed catholic, been involved in the church my whole life, and I’m an alter server and a Eucharistic minister. So there’s that. Yet you plainly renounce Jesus with your willingness to embrace violence. All the form in the world doesn't matter if there's no substance behind it. But then, the institutional church (in all its manifestations) renounced Jesus centuries ago the moment it decided to ally itself with the militaristic state. The only remaining real Christians are the Mennonites, Church of the Brethren, 7DAs, Quakers, Hutterites, Christadelphians, UUs, and Amish. &gt; And don’t bring God into this. Why? It's all about God. &gt; It’s mentioned in the Bible several times, that God will protect soldiers during battle and that it will not affect their judgement and admittance into heaven. Of the verses you cite: A few come from the Gospels, but they're hardly specifically relevant to the government's killing club. The bulk come from the Epistles, which are irrelevant because Paul was a false teacher and an anti-Christ. A few come from the Old Testament, which is not an accurate reflection of God's will, and here's why: 1) God is perfect and eternally unchanging 2) God is love 3) If God is love now, then if God is perfect and eternally unchanging, that means that God has always been love 4) The depiction of God in the Old Testament is not one of love 5) Therefore, the depiction of God in the Old Testament is false and blasphemous &gt; if the US military went to war saying “love thy neighbor” and “bless those who curse you,” they’d all get blown into little tiny bitch of meat and bones They shouldn't go to war in the first place. The entire enterprise is intrinsically immoral. &gt; Our military is present to protect the constitution of the US No cause justifies killing another person. &gt; therefore keeping our freedom intact. What "freedom"? The "freedom" of white supremacists to oppress and exploit their neighbors seems to be the primary purpose for which the US Constitution was devised.
What about the people who died in car accidents even though they were wearing seatbelts?
Satan.
I guess I can envision some scenarios where two people in that age situation who have a close relationship obtain a civil marriage because of some legal benefit or authority that obtains from that, e.g. decisions regarding end-of-life-care or something, I suppose. Like, maybe an 18- or 19-year old has had a rough home life and now they've got a terminal condition and their decades-older Scout leader or high school band director or whatever is who they trust most to make decisions for them. I suppose something like that's plausible.
&gt; Both statements cannot be true. Why? Like, let me first state that I don't think any government ever has any right to keep any substantial secrets from the public. The public has an absolute and unconditional right to know whatever it wants to know about what its government is doing in its name; anything else makes any semblance of democratic accountability meaningless. That said, within the internal logic of the system, it's absolutely possible to lie while revealing classified information--for example, you can reveal information about methods while misrepresenting or outright lying about the substance of the information provided by those methods.
[lol](https://twitter.com/SarahTaber_bww/status/1274510893477441538)
I guess maybe in an ideal universe he would have testified, but it's hard to get too bothered by the fact that John Bolton didn't because it's not like it would have made a difference.
&gt; let history stand Statues are history, but specifically they're part of the history *of the people who put them up,* not the people they depict. And people don't just put up statues willy-nilly--they put up statues for the specific purpose of honoring a person. That's a decision they make for themselves, but we in the present are under no obligation to accept their decisions for ourselves. We're entitled to decide that someone past generations decided they wanted to honor, is not someone we want to honor, and act accordingly. For Louis IX in particular, it's complicated...he's well before the era of European genocides in the Americas, and frankly his reign brought a lot of reforms that were fairly advanced for his time. But he was also an avid Crusader, which isn't great, and I can see the argument that on the balance maybe we should look elsewhere. And aside from the fact, I'm certainly not at all comfortable with giving a place of honor to aristocrats--it just feels anti-American and anti-republican. The city was named by French explorers and fur traders, but there's no reason people in the present should feel bound by their choice. Furthermore, history is never static--after all, history isn't just "the past" (which we can never truly access) but specifically the *narratives we construct about the past* based on the available evidence--and those narratives say more about us than they do about their subjects. We have *always* created different histories based on our contemporary values, interests, and circumstances. That's not a good thing or a bad thing; it simply *is,* and part of that involves the continual reappraisal of our public memory culture.
Even people who would agree with that basic principle, like myself, would dispute that he specifically is good. For example, I believe that the Crusades absolutely were not good, and were a grotesque affront to God by a church that renounced Jesus the moment it decided to ally itself with the militaristic state.
nice
I've been saying this for months--Mitch McConnell doesn't matter. If we get the Senate back then he can't do anything, and if we don't but he loses whoever they replace him with will do the same damn shit.
Are you in Spain, and is your laptop on the plain?
It's like you are incapable of bringing up anything but the most obviously predictable and easily-debunked arguments. &gt; Okay, I'll also bring up the fact that they have the QB that's number two in passing yards all time, will be in a constant battle with Brees for number one in TD's all time Volume stats are easy to accumulate when you last forever, which is basically luck of avoiding injuries. Brees has 9 more starts than Manning, and Brady 18. &gt; leader in yards, touchdowns, and wins in the playoffs by miles Brady's meaningfully ahead of Manning in TDs/game in the playoffs. He's marginally ahead in INT rate and yards per game, and is behind in sack rate (which is known to depend more on the passer than on the offensive line). But more broadly--and this applies just as well to using per-season/per-game statistics to justify a claim that Manning &gt; Brady--using basic statistics is an absurd way to make this argument, because we treat them in isolation even they're not isolated. They don't account for the extent to which those stats are due to coaching, or the rest of the team around them, or the quality of the opposition. They don't account for situational circumstances that may change approach (e.g. needing to take risks to win because your defense can't shut down the other offense that you wouldn't if your defense was having more success, starting field position, etc.). They don't account for the fact that Brady started hitting his stride a few years after Manning, and those few years mean that Brady spent a significantly larger portion of his career playing under rule and emphasis changes that greatly benefited passing. And it's funny you mentioned PFR, because PFR has made a couple of attempts to create advanced comprehensive statistical measurements that at least make an effort to account for those things. And you know what? Peyton's ahead of Brady on a per-game basis on career AV (1.01/game vs. 0.98/game) and ahead in absolute terms on their attempt to recreate the various baseball HOF numerics for football, by a LARGE margin especially after you account for Brady's longer career (258.0 for Manning vs 243.44 for Brady). And I mean, these measurements are still deeply flawed (especially the HOF measure, which takes into account team accomplishments like championships w/o trying to adjust for the individual player's contributions for that accomplishment--though even with that, Peyton's still way ahead), so I'd certainly challenge anyone who tries to use them to conclusively argue in favor of Manning. But at least they try to account for contextual factors, and at any rate since you mentioned PFR...
&gt; I'm Catholic The established church renounced Jesus the moment it allied itself with the militaristic state with the Edict of Thessalonica, if not before when it acknowledged Roman state authority to convene the First Council of Nicaea. &gt; The commandment is more accurately translated "thou shalt not murder". You seem to think I'm talking about the Decalogue, but I'm not. I'm talking about the Sermon on the Mount. Are you familiar with the origin of the "Love your enemy" verbiage? &gt; In Scripture, when John the Baptist is asked by Roman soldiers what they should do, he never told them to leave the army - which he would have if it were inherently immoral to be a soldier. He told them to “Rob no one by violence or by false accusation, and be content with your wages.” (Luke 3:14) John was not Jesus. &gt; Likewise, when Jesus came across soldiers, He never told them to leave the army, which, being God, He most certainly would have if it were intrinsically immoral to be a soldier. Yet when Christ met the Centurion, He not only did not tell the man to leave the army, but praised his faith. (Matthew 8:5-13). There was kind of a more pressing matter at that particular moment. And, at any rate, we have to remember that the authors of the Gospels were writing with a particular aim in mind, and might quite reasonably have chosen to leave out extraneous material that wasn't pertinent to the essential point of the particular anecdote they were recounting. Using a possible oversight in one particular instance (which may really be nothing more than a narrative choice on the part of the author) to argue that Jesus didn't really mean the obvious implications of the things he explicitly said at other points isn't a particularly persuasive argument. Further complicating the matter is that, until comparatively recently, in addition to waging war soldiers throughout much of the world performed many of the sorts of duties that today we would categorize as domestic policing. This is likely the sort of duty that the centurion at Capernaum would have been engaged in at the time. Without diverting too far into a discussion about the moral legitimacy of specific methods and approaches to policing, the basic idea of some organization charged with maintaining civil order is a fundamentally different matter from the practice of warfare. &gt; Historically speaking, Christianity has never condemned war in and of itself. This is at best missing the forest for the trees, at worst just outright false. Plenty of Church Fathers of the first and second centuries openly condemned participation in warfare, most notably Tertullian (*De idolatria* and *De corona militis*--the former of which, I should emphasize, was probably written before he embraced Montanism), Origen (*Contra Celsum*) and Hippolytus of Rome (in the text that is presently referred to as the *Apostolic Tradition*). Of course, in practice it was mainly an issue for adult converts--pre-modern standing armies were staffed in very different ways than modern volunteer forces, and at this point (before Constantine) people who were already Christians simply would not have been taken in in the firstplace. Perhaps you could argue that strictly speaking a condemnation of Christian participation in warfare is not equivalent to a condemnation of war itself, but to me that comes off as a distinction without a difference. There is, I think, one possible coherent argument to that end--it's basically the one that the Mennonites make, and the thing is, you're still accepting that Christian participation in warfare is unacceptable and that Christians under no circumstances should do it. &gt; St. Augustine developed the doctrine of "Just War", which the Catholic Church teaches to this day. Yes, Augustine was quite eager to distort Jesus's teachings and make them seem less radical than they were so that they would be acceptable to the militaristic Roman state.
tees or gtfo
I've had to move cross-country a couple of times and both times I've intentionally avoided interstates.
worm
I have been to three of those venues.
ngl, there are some aspects of the Snoopy-Charlie Brown relationship that read more and more like an allegory for slavery [this one in particular seems quite on the nose](https://www.gocomics.com/peanuts/2020/06/21)
Ehh, Grant was a major progenitor of the late-19th-century wave of indigenous genocide. I can get why someone would be uncomfortable keeping him around, particularly if it was your ancestors who were his victims, and why one might feel like that kind of negates his role in defeating the Confederacy.
Other cool related trivia: the Baltimore Orioles are the old St. Louis Browns, and the Baltimore Ravens are the old Cleveland Browns (even if the NFL won't admit it).
I mean, the whole premise of that visit is that he genuinely believes he may have made a mistake when he voted to convict, isn't it?
That's what makes this so difficult.
It really doesn't matter because that's not actually his job, but Jerry Nadler is not a great TV interview.
wrong Washington Senators There were three--the first went defunct before 1900, the second became the Twins, and the third became the Rangers
I guess he decided he was too old for this shit?
it's still a summer without baseball ^fuck ^the ^dh
Ritchie Torres doubling up 3rd-place Ruben Diaz with 68% in.
Why do you hate baseball and want to destroy it?
tbh, I don't give a fuck about that anymore In the past I was all for it. Then Hillary Clinton had a comprehensive plan for just that, and they said "no thanks learning how to do something new sounds like too much work we'll vote for the guy who reassures us that nothing will ever change instead." So fuck 'em. They're killing us all because they're too damn lazy to get off their asses and learn to something new even when it's presented to them on a silver platter. They're narcissistic sociopaths, and they don't deserve anything.
Reminds me a lot of Vernon or City of Industry. What a corrupt, self-serving shitshow.
&gt; My sole expectation is that you will deal with me in an honest manner This is rich coming from someone who categorically refuses to identify what their concern actually is.
They need to change their minds, because they're wrong.
coronavirus :(
&gt; As an essential employee. That doesn't wear a mask So you don't care how many people you hurt as long as you can do whatever the hell you want? Because that's why you have a moral obligation to wear a mask--it's not for you, it's for the people around you. There's really no qualitative difference between not wearing a mask and just shooting a gun around randomly on a crowded sidewalk--they're both fundamentally the same sort of act.
And I agree that that's one valid option. But tearing them down is equally valid.
https://twitter.com/TomBodett/status/1276236298836115457
fraggle
shooting
4'33" really gets going about 3 minutes in
a nation of sociopaths and narcissists
Seen the arrow on the doorpost Sayin' this land is condemned All the way from New Orleans To Jerusalem
Seen the arrow on the doorpost Sayin' this land is condemned All the way from New Orleans To Jerusalem
why did Constantinople get the works?
["Lol who cares about design"](https://twitter.com/LiamC737/status/1276709636498956289)
Getting some real Max Headroom vibes from the Matt Gaetz one.
The Bank of Canada museum in Ottawa has a *really* educational and well-constructed exhibit on her. Definitely the highlight of my visit there last year.
Why do they even get the F? Given how obsessed they seem to be with denying rights to trans women specifically, I'd say they're pretty thoroughly misogynistic.
#S
Ballroom Blitz &gt; Bonus Room Blitz #AND THE MAN IN THE BACK SAID "EVERYONE ATTACK!"
fuck you beat me
"I have the worst fucking attorneys."
If Bill can be the first black President, then...
