&gt; http://agency.governmentjobs.com/colorado/default.cfm?action=viewJob&amp;jobID=601448 That's all you need.
Racism, religion and the politically-faithful. Hard belief in any of these indicate a lack of critical thinking imo.
On a recent trip to Melbourne, I tested the accuracy of the speedo and the trip computer on a 2017 Kia. Speedo was consistently under-reading. Holding an average speed of 110km/h in the point to point sections on the trip computer, the speedo was reading 117km/h. No expiation notices and was passing other cars who were travelling closer to what the speedo told me would be 110.
Huh, I took a personal loan with IMB in 2016 and got 6.5%. But, as you say, take another loan at cheaper and pay out this one. At 18%, that's approaching payday loan and credit card territory these days. OP, this idea of taking a cheaper loan and paying out the expensive loan is what's known as 'refinancing'.
Is he? He's listed other Jewish holidays in the past, was surprised to see him not jumping in on this one.
Ah, gotcha. I'm not shamed to admit I enjoy scanning this sub each day to see what sometimes weird and wonderful holidays have hit.
Oh right. If OP has used it to purchase a car, he may be able to use that as a security and get a lower rate.
Right, see that now.
Like bad diarrhoea, this joke keeps on coming back.
Laughs in Adelaidean.
Honey, I can't press 'W' fast enough...
Meowerific is the preferred term.
Yes, like watching a street performer shuffling overturned cups - I kept my eyes peeled and you're correct. In the copy Trudeau ends with, Trump has signed the inner-most column, whereas in the other two he's signed the middle column. Just as embarrassing, imo, is the fact he's using a fat marker like a pre-schooler drawing a picture for mum and dad, while the other leaders are using dignified pens.
He signs each document only once, but in the copy Trudeau ends with, Trump has signed the inner-most column, whereas in the other two he's signed the middle column.
It does appear like that, doesn't it? Pause where they're holding them up, it also appears that the other two presidents have switched which side they sign on (even the text under the signatures is different between the two copies).
I would have loved for Trudeau to answer "this one" when Trump asked him "which is the one that matters?", only to have Trump insist he switch with him and then hold his own fuck up for the world to see.
This is the correct answer, coupled with the use of a marker.
This is incorrect. He signed each document only once, but the very first document he signed (which shuffled through to Trudeau) he signed in the incorrect, inner-most, column.
Even better: when Trump asked "which is the one that matters", Trudeau could have answered "this one", acquiesce and let Trump swap with him once he insisted, then Trump would have held his own shit up for the world to see what an idiot he is.
Or privatised generators artificially increasing demand by reducing supply to inflate spot pricing.
Reading the article and agreeing with what it's saying aren't the same thing. Yes, coal prices play an important part in the cost to produce. The averaging out of inflated spot prices in our retail bills - spot prices inflated by privatised energy generators - has done more for surging Australian power prices than coal prices in recent years. It's only in the past year that we've had enough clout in the renewable space to thwart the sort of market manipulation we've all paid for that we can now start seeing the truth - renewable energy has now become cheaper than coal.
Your government and the opposition party are, though.
"Hackers" are already "hacking" accounts of ministers and liking gay porn at 2am, what makes you think ministers have any dirty laundry? (that won't be covered by exceptions in the bill)
If you're considering owning property as a wealth-building exercise, then maybe yes. :)
Even just getting into space. Sure, in my lifetime it's probably achievable, but I'm not selling everything for the experience.
I dunno, I teased my wife for years that with all the visits to family back in the states, I just want to see Mt Rushmore. After 18 years, we finally went there and I loved every minute of it. Admittedly, we were there at 6.50am before all others, before it was supposed to be open, but they let us in any way.
There's the old adage: Set and Setting. It's a truth for psychedelics.
Set and setting.
I've never agreed with smoked weed (although I have tried it on occasion in recent years and had much more positive experiences), but edibles seem to affect me differently.
Do you get enjoyment from playing amateur sport?
Happy Birthday! We had two kids, the older was a real struggle and conscious effort to learn. The younger, I bought one of those pedal-less bikes to scoot around on a get their balance. Took to riding a bike like a duck to water. If you're going to try on your own, take the time to not bother pedalling at first and just push yourself along with your feet on the ground to get a sense of balance. Also, remember you're going to fall off - that's part of learning - so wear a helmet and get back on when you do. Step 1: scoot along with your feet. Step 2: get a feel for the brakes (it's a balance between applying pressure to the front and rear wheels appropriately). Step 3: put your feet on the pedals and gingerly press ahead. Step 4: fall over, pick yourself up and get back on the bike. Seriously, it's a silly life skill that you _can_ learn, and it's an achievement that you have for the rest of your life.
It's important to remember the reasons why. I moved away and ended up moving back when we started a family to be near my family and their support. Killed me for a while, but then I remember why we did it.
The only thing more godly than orthopaedic surgeons and ENTs are their secretaries, so I wouldn't worry about it.
MRI tech sounds like you're understating something... every one I know that works on the MRI in-field is a PhD of some sort.
Nothing, because it doesn't generate silly. My point is that up until recently, retail power prices have been hugely inflated by the generators gaming the spot market. In the last year, they've been put in their place by the renewable market and we are now recognising that coal is a more expensive operation than renewable. As time progresses, we'll get better at time-shifting delivery and renewable will be a better solution 24/7.
Once is enough! There are plenty of other places to be. :)
I'd get the simple renovations done (that requires professional trades here in Australia) that the wife has been talking about. Not going to happen while we're still paying off the house for the next 30 years and raising kids.
So much for enticing tech innovation in Australia. Doesn't matter, we have coal and horse racing!
Much like prophylactics, won't they degrade being carried next to body heat for a long time?
*Sie hast mich* just doesn't have the same ring.
&gt; a junction box caught on fire because it sent up to 60 amps of current through a 12 or 14 gauge wire Whatever was attached at the other end *pulled* 60 amps, the box didn't send it.
I think I've found a new market: buckets of sand. Will sell great at the NSW parliament - now they can keep their heads in the sand and be mobile.
*...and voters an inconvenience for governments*. You hear me Dutton, do you hear me?
I hope they can't pull it out - idiots.
Haha, first time reader last week. :)
Unless you want to go sleepy-sleepy.
What you don't know about astrology isn't worth knowing. :)
Yeah, because women have absolutely no part in reproduction!
Came by your first post too late to be of any use, but was bloody thrilled by the response you got! Well done people!
"realize" is a misnomer when your talking opportunity cost. Enjoy living in the land of "if only".
Up to a certain strength it's actually legal to import *as long as it's made only from head*. You'll be wanting stronger than what the law states and good luck finding any place that doesn't make it from the whole plant. SA law is fucked and capital-L Liberals can all go die.
I'm on the toilet, inventing poo!
Hahaha... AUD$250 at the flgs here.
The camera frame jumping around is really off-putting.
Well, they've lost four parcels for me over the last 3 years. 4th time, I asked for a service with international tracking, paid the extra money, then when I went to track it was told it's only national tracking. AP refused to listen to my issue, shutting down both tickets I raised with them.
Gimme 80 minutes, I'll move the lot.
That was the 2017 model, it's the Cardboard Flinger 5001 nowdays.
We are so fucking buried and seemingly can't give a shit. We've forced a populace to take up private health cover, pay stupid education fees, destroying sites of global importance (Great Barrier Reef) and, now, railroaded onto a completely under-delivering national broadband network.
Aside from the big "Fuck You" NBN Co deliver to Senator Urquhart with the &gt; information is publicly available on NetComm's website There's another big "Fuck You" to the Australian populace &gt; The NetComm 4-port DPUs do not support G.fast, but can be upgraded... as required. ... ordered over 200k [of these units which] should support 50 to 60 per cent of the current FTTC footprint. They've purchased other hardware which is capable of G.fast, but have covered 50% of the footprint with hardware that can't, from a supplier who shares a board member. Milne needs to be tried.
Is that what that thing is?
No point hiding the truth.
I walked back from the toilet to find a guy sitting in my seat, just reaching over and putting his hand over my date's hand... with his wedding ring on. He looked at me like I was an idiot when I asked him to vacate my seat, then the bartender walked over and told him to beat it.
Australian seconded.
Oddly, there's more CGI in LOTR than isn't! But tactfully done makes all the difference.
Now she's drawing them too low.
&gt; Premiums will always go up due to inflation But there exists a tipping point where the "price reduction" from the number of customers joining should outweigh the rise from inflation.
&gt; it's possible for prices to rise but still be lower than they otherwise would have been Ah, that was something I didn't consider - I see what you mean. edit: Some interesting reading in this [article](https://www.theguardian.com/business/grogonomics/2018/feb/06/is-private-health-insurance-a-con-the-answer-is-in-the-graphs). In particular the growth of wages and premiums graph.
That's an issue, though, that *may* be attributed to bad luck / production issues / whatever. The choice of provider is just plain fishy.
You can add Grimm to the clusterfuck list.
For sure, because iOS is much more open.
It is fine. I remember skipping Sunday night services when the first The Simpsons episode screened. 30 Years clean.
If you can tell me the password to log in, I'll verify it's yours...
Guys in the Port have covered my arse a couple of times when I was helping out a mate. (Pointed out that the like for like replacement CPU I was purchasing for the mate's shop computer is the right socket, but wrong voltage, and will suffer the same death as the original CPU.)
I want to build a bridge, but don't know the engineering. I'll take 3 bags of cement and a scaffold, thanks.
So that thing's got fixed pitch props and no flaps? Jeez, even I could fly that!
I was thinking more the 120Y of aeroplanes.
You need to diversify into navigation.
When I worked at Internode, someone once rang up asking for help setting up her new laptop on her wireless. During the course of the call, it emerged that she was setting up a new laptop because her old one was stolen. Part of the set up process was installing the monitoring software that told her how much data was used on the account each month. The clever helpdesk person determined that she had the software installed on her old laptop and passed along the info to the next level helpdesk. They assigned someone to go through the logs of the service and saw that her old laptop was still checking data usage, after the date it was stolen. A check of the IP address worked out that it was an Internode assigned IP address and contact was made with the cops. They were told the details of the service the laptop was communicating from and they sent out a patrol to ask questions. The person who had the service with the IP address, answered the door and wasn't of interest, but - to the cop's credit - they realised that they were in a block of flats and decided to door knock the neighbours. Cue a couple of punks answering their front door with a stack of stolen laptops sitting on the coffee table behind them. Customer got her stolen laptop back and punks got arrested. Best customer service story ever.
Part of H&amp;R Block's service is a guarantee that if they make a mistake in entering your details, they're liable for it - at least, that's the case in Australia.
&gt; &gt; DHS &gt; &gt; Good. Excellent, I'd say.
Do they still use it for pressurisation? Wasn't there some issue where burning oil got into the system and killed people onboard?
Cowling from the plane landing before you... RIP Concorde. :)
You're implying that Christianity is not a cult!
You're speaking authoritatively, as though espousing "the word of god" makes you right. You're not. You're deluded.
Yep. The police had the smarts to realise her wifi wasn't secured so they weren't far away.
&gt; \[Unley men's shed\]\(https://www.unley.sa.gov.au/facilities-events/community-centres/the-men%E2%80%99s-shed-(t-o-y-s-\)) Note the second to last closing parenthesis is escaped with a backslash: [Unley men's shed](https://www.unley.sa.gov.au/facilities-events/community-centres/the-men%E2%80%99s-shed-(t-o-y-s-\))
&gt; overload motor, ugly cut Or overheat the bit and get lovely burn marks on the surface.
Dead baby jokes don't shame anyone, anti-vaxxer jokes do. Keep up with the anti-vaxxer jokes.
Boontah or buntah?
The photo progression goes something like this: couple &gt; cats &gt; wedding &gt; kids &gt; motorbike.
As opposed to water ice (wadderice for you philadelphians) which is all sugar.
That just tells you they're from Frankston, doesn't it?
If you liked that, try the first foundation novel by Asimov (you may go deeper), or Three Body Problem by the chinese author (I can't remember his name, starts with a C). The latter is a trilogy, the first one is a bit of a hard read, but the second one is mind blowing.
We had a game of Narcos where the Pablo player had to be constantly coached through his turns. A lot of phone use by other players, which was excusable, and I called the game after three hours (end of the second season!). At the end of the game, I directly said to him that anyone else would have picked up the flow of the game after the third turn. Not happy.
If this was approved, with this sort of information in the public domain, there should be blood in parliament. They've sold off enough of our children's future already.
Too many old boys invested in coal and other fossil fuels for that to happen.
That's good and all, but there isn't a GOP in Australia.
...and refuse to write anything that ties in with systemd because running from cron with a fork and having a secondary watch dog to start it up again if it dies is better.
I used to manage a team the maintained a system running 600k lines of Perl for an ISP. I promised myself that if I ever met the gumbo who sold the original system to the company, I'd punch him. Went to my daughter's preschool for a parent's morning and her friend's dad introduced himself. When he learnt where I worked, he proudly told me that he and his wife wrote and sold the system to them. As my hands curled into fists in my pockets all I could think was "think of the children".
You can do that while still being middle class though. I have a cleaner come through once a week for $75, gives me the weekend to spend with the kids rather than mopping floors.
But that appliance needs a polish... again. :)
Hence why I said "middle class". I dunno. I was drunk last night while I was typing.
Isn't dirty relative though?
Damn, that's a great picture!
Fun fact: that movie was a pile of steaming turd.
Have a read of Nabokov's *Despair*. It gives a whole other facet to the situation.
General rule is to not support a company that treats its employees like that. That's right, stop buying from Amazon.
&gt; He gained international attention after his ruling in the case People v. Turner, in which he sentenced Stanford University swimmer, Brock Turner, to 6 months in prison for the sexual assault and attempted rape of an unconscious 22-year old woman. Can someone explain why it's listed as attempted rape on the [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Persky) page rather than rape?
...and then quietly starts it again when no one is looking.
Meta-data is what is in the legislation as being accessible in the eyes of the public. Let's not beat around the bush - Australia is a 5 eyes member, every communication is being routed through the program.
Yet calling for a bloody revolution, the only solution to the fix we're in, will land you in jail.
Don't worry - they're great economic managers! Hell, effectively privatising health care and removing affordable tertiary education goes nicely to buy non-existent water and dropping a shit load of money into a mate's business to "save the reef".
Right. Thanks.
You make a good point in the first paragraph. I'm not entirely sure what you're saying in the second paragraph, however. Regardless of your position on a generation, those hard won rights are being eroded. Freedom and individual sovereignty are being chipped away at. The expectation of privacy is all but gone.
That's fair enough. You do realise this is a thread about Australia, right?
Best drying method I've come across is putting them in a tub with some hippo dessicant and a small fan. Tape on the lid and enjoy crispiness that keeps them for at least a year.
Verily I say unto you, it is easier for a blind man to pass through the eye of a camel than for OP to enter into the presence of god.
First Ed rule book absolutely did. Possible even 2nd Ed (I think that's the copy I have at home). Got fixed in later versions.
Is the PC version as buggy as the Steam reviews make it sound?
~~Permanently free or free while in beta like it was on Android?~~ Nevermind.
Oh man, that reminds me. My sister in law and her girlfriend at the time were on a road trip through, IIRC, Louisiana. It was late at night and they got stupidly lost on backroads. 2 hours later, they spot bar and walk in to ask for directions. They're both white and it's a bar completely populated by African-Americans. The way she tells it, they open the door and take a couple of steps in before they realise they may have stumbled into the wrong bar in the middle of nowhere. The band stops. Everyone in the bar stops whatever they were doing and all eyes are on them. They timidly walk over to the bar and explain that they're lost. The bar bursts into laughter, the bartender explains that there's nothing around for miles, not even a hotel and gets them drinks. Music starts again, talking and dancing starts again. They're there until the early hours of the morning being taught how to do whatever the local dance is and then one of the couples at the bar puts them up for the night at their house and gives them directions back to the highway in the morning.
None of them, according to insurance - most home owners report a broken window :)
It's absolutely [no joke](https://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/exceptional-chef-liu-jun-cooked-killed-by-death-cap-mushrooms/news-story/42926b0c3c192a6c614833b8bed43253). Go with someone who has picked before and follow the golden rule: if in doubt, leave it out.
Lol, this is the first thing that popped into my mind when I read the comment above. Bravo.
True that. I realised that a multi-million dollar project I was part of the design team for was doomed when we were delivering the outcome of the second sprint's development and were told "Good news! The client has signed off on the requirements for the first sprint."
Not if you're Jeff Kennett.
My brother from another mother! Same get up, same vintage - I just went with the 1060 instead. :)
I ask that every time when I'm picking mushrooms and come across the yellow rowboat in the middle of a pine plantation. 20kms from the nearest beach, but there it sits.
&gt; There he goes. One of God's own prototypes. A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
Hmm... wonder if it's the [same](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epUaEu_qNRI) creator?
Yeah, that molotov cocktail landing in the foyer of the insurance company's office is an act of god too.
It's an adorable video and all, but do we really need all this surveillance?
That footage is not being stored in your local network and the state is just itching to get its hands on it. In some counties, in fact, they already are harvesting it. Just another expectation of privacy being willingly pissed away.
Well, the plate is visible... I guess Tesla can push an update to his vehicle disabling autonomous mode because he breached his user agreement?
Did an extremely long walk with friends recently and camping at the end of the night, I realised I really wouldn't mind a bard singing by the camp fire.
Why does every headline on that website read like it was written by Jayden Smith?
&gt; Fast - Loads in ~4ms (that's about 3-4 times faster than a single frame of a HD movie at 60fps) This guy is a tard.
We had to destroy a purchase of USB keys, purchased from a legitimate vendor, after the brand new keys were found to have malware on them.
We had this exact same discussion last Liberal budget and people still keep voting them in. You know what's wrong with this picture? Liberals and evangelical Christians using their belief to determine policy.
We do that to, because they stand führer back than the person with the gun.
There was no single synthetic, but many produced by people going "oh, this synthesis gets you high, let's market it" in an unregulated industry without proper studies on the effects. This led to a lot of junk being sold that was bad for people. Instead of focusing on untested synthetics, an educated harm minimisation proponent should be pushing marijuana legislation reform.
Considering he was on a $10m over 5 year contract too...
&gt; but it's nice to not have to worry about it now. Admit it, you weren't worrying about it until you read OP's story.
Don't worry, there's someone else in the thread calling them "smart speakers". They're not - they're information portals.
The concern isn't them knowing that your kids listen to a particular song when you're not home, what you should be concerned about is the statistical analysis that eventually gets applied that shows that kids who listen to the Lego soundtrack at age 7, while their parent's aren't home, aren't suitable for a particular job at age 42, or should be placed in an internment camp as the algorithm indicates some sort of anti-social behaviour. Yes, you may not have anything to hide, but the way the information can _and will_ be used against you in the future is a concern.
If they're that obsessed with watching weight, they should be measuring in grams, not this fangled imperial measurement.
Surely you mean repost karma?
everywhere!
So you're going to sit enraged rather than fact checking what they're saying? I heard an interview with an environmental scientist that was supporting what this business is saying: the total energy cost is less for disposables/compostables than reusable.
Nah fuck that. As a citizen of a Commonwealth nation, Canada wouldn't let me enter the transit lounge (read not even entering the country) without a visa. Citizens of the USA could enter without one though. Fuck those Canadian cunts.
This reminds me of the IBM 3D display at the 1998 international world fair.
You don't need to put the engine back together, it's purring like a little kitten.
Sound's like someone's not responsible enough for a cat.
"Ain't no n***er judge ever gonna give my kids to a k**e". Lady lost her case against the foster arrangement. Good thing too, I got told this story 30 years after the fact and the kid's come out pretty good.
&gt; the albedo of the land mass ~~rises~~ **falls**, absorbing more energy from the sun rather than reflecting it back into space.
What's the phrase I read over in the crypto sub last night? "There's no loss in taking a profit."
&gt; her son was looking for someone exactly like me Looking for a patsie!
Remember, ships are expendable. They're effectively the currency of the game and the main way to score VPs.
Totally, they were "this script blows and the movie's going to suck, you want what?"
&gt; Mad Max: Fury Road is essentially a 120-minute car chase That's all it was and, hence, why it was undeserving of the critical praise it had dumped on it. Pile of fucking turd.
The stuntwork is amazing, aye... the movie itself? No.
Or, you know, you could make up your own mind instead of following the common view.
Neither here nor there, just giving my opinion. You're the one who jumped on the attack and started name calling, but you do you.
Alright, let me rephrase then. I believe it's undeserving of being called a great movie. It got a lot of critical praise *and won 6 oscars* in design and technical merit. It may have gotten nominated for best picture, but it didn't win it. Design and technical merit are like having the best ingredients to bake a cake with, but it still doesn't make it a good cake.
Brother and family are stuck in a NSW coastal town. From my family to yours: thank you and keep safe.
[There' only one version that needs to exist.](https://i.redd.it/gd7cygs3na441.png)
Make sure you get someone to hold it for you.
I'm not a fan and not a Liberal voter either, but it is a real damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. If he rocked up with a convoy of donations, he'd still be crucified. It'd be a lot less worse than what he did here, but still... As another person commented, the correct response would have been to let her take her shot then talk to her about the extra financial help he's arranging for the people affected and the firies - assuming, of course, that he's actually doing that. Hell, even if he hadn't been arranging that help, any politician worth their salt would have talked their hypothetical help as if it as real then worked on something when they got back to the office.
Regardless of how he looked, the woman told him she doesn't want to shake his hand and he forcefully took her hand anyways. That's a cunt move.
A more apt title is "Prime Minister forces pregnant woman to shake his hand after she told him she doesn't want to".
She clearly did not give her consent, in fact she even expressed her will that she not be touched.
Not assault. &gt; An assault is any act — and not a mere omission to act — by which a person intentionally — or recklessly — causes another to apprehend immediate and unlawful violence: R v Burstow; R v Ireland [1998] 1 AC 147. Thus it is the fear which is the gist of assault. Battery is questionable. &gt; Battery is the actual infliction of unlawful force on another. The way [this](https://www.cmlaw.com.au/criminal-law-sydney/assaults/) law firm describes the law, it will not be an unlawful event: &gt; What must the police prove to find a defendant guilty of common assault? The onus in any conviction is on the police to acquire enough evidence to prove that the defendant is guilty of the common assault charge. This involves proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant did strike, intend to injure, or threaten another with violence; that such actions were done so either intentionally or recklessly; that the plaintiff did not provide their consent; and that the assault was done without lawful excuse (self defence, accident etc.) It's the *violence* part where the argument comes unhinged, imho.
I think it also requires hella mixing with oxygen rich gas, which is why it occurs frequently in water cooling towers. IDK, could be talking out of my arse.
&gt; 1 of a kind painting The one hanging in the Louvre is only a variation on a theme.
&gt; Nor does it pollute the space behind it No, it pollutes the space around Port Augusta :)
Can you explain the side window camera for motorcyclists? I don't get how that one works.
&gt; you're not more computer literate in the 2010's because you learned how to use a computer on Windows 95 or some shit like that, lmao I disagree with that assertion. Being exposed to a less polished ecosystem (operating systems and programs) necessitates diving in to fix things like drivers, manually setting up things and reading manuals. There's a lot of knowledge that is absorbed through that interaction that shouldn't be discounted.
&gt; Sometimes, your knowledge of the old ways can hold you back. Oh, absolutely! No denying that. I've been upstaged by people younger than me many a time (software engineering) but there have also been plenty of times where I've taught them a few things. You were working through a troubleshooting checklist, was the kid doing that as well or working by rote? (I don't doubt he had built a mental map of the system in his head and decided to try something quick and easy - supporting your story). As an aside, today my 13 year old and I sat down to work out why she couldn't create or see any google sheets on her iphone while not on wifi. I'm not an iOS user. In the 10 minutes while I pondered over different things in the app settings, she constantly uninstalled and reinstalled the app hoping it would work. It was a frustrating experience thinking of the next thing to test, only to have to wait for her to reinstall the app so we could try a different setting again. Eventually, working together, we found that the mobile data option for the sheets app was turned off. Doesn't really add to the story, but it's 42 degrees here (C) and I'm on my third beer and about to jump in the pool.
I'm not really understanding why that's necessary. The front camera would cover motorcycles travelling the same direction as the caddy is facing and the rear camera would cover motorcycles travelling in the opposite direction. Doesn't matter, I accept your explanation. Thanks.
Be hard to, they're falling upwards.
No, they were protecting US people by killing the head of an organisation that were planning attacks on them. Because, you know, it's not like others in the organisation don't know who those US people are. /s
Pardon my ignorance, what's a Q post?
Probably a coincidence, but Eric Trump's [tweet](https://hillreporter.com/deleted-tweet-from-eric-trump-hints-he-may-have-known-about-strike-against-iranian-military-leader-days-ahead-of-time-54791) almost certainly isn't.
In 5 years? Your job.
So, like, the Veyoron of tanks?
People driving on the left side of the road. Victorian number plates. Victorian police uniforms. No entrapment defence. &gt; In Australia, entrapment as a defence hinges on the intent of the individual to commit a crime. If a person committed a crime of their own free will with deliberate intent they won't have a defence of entrapment – that's even if the police commit a crime themselves in coercing someone to commit a crime.
South Aussie here. Direct ambulance cover (there's only one ambulance service here) for the family was somewhere in the range of $120 - $200 per year. Son needed an ambulance ride in May, bill was $1200, private health insurance picked it up with no excess.
Not quota, community contact points.
Dude, Victoria has some of the most courteous drivers in the country. SA has some of the most fucking obstinate/oblivious drivers. source: Me, driven everywhere.
Victoria, Australia.
Going by precedent for civil liability, in a legal lane, it would be 100% the person doing the rear-ending. In a shoulder with both cars moving, I'd imagine it would be much the same.
Community contact points.
&gt; SA is mostly renewable Uh, [no it's not](https://www.sa.gov.au/topics/energy-and-environment/energy-supply/sas-electricity-supply-and-market). 60% gas fired, 30% renewable. &gt; coal power plants are massively more efficient than petrol motors In generation, absolutely. There is a large loss in transmission though. Also, SA hasn't burnt coal to generate electricity since 2016. My point was, though, just because you're not burning petrol - doesn't mean that there isn't some pollution being caused by your electric vehicle.
Not gonna argue, I don't work in insurance. :)
Not detracting from the incompetence of Xiaomi in this bug, but who the hell willing puts an internet connected camera in their house?!
Our of curiosity, is that experience with US or Aussie insurance?
I'm not the world's best parent, but I am a good one with two well adjusted kids. Here are my thoughts: 1. I accept I am a flawed person. I make mistakes. My children make mistakes. I forgive my children their mistakes, likewise I must forgive my own. 2. I am open and honest, within reason, and accountable to my children. They know this from their empirical experience. I expect the same in return. 3. I cannot give my children all of my time, but they do get my time. 4. My children know that they can talk to me about anything without fear of unmerited punishment. They're at the point (and I hope we can maintain this as they hit teenage years) that they can talk to me, even when they know they've done something wrong. 5. It truly takes a village to raise an idiot. Any support I have, I use. Raising kids is hard. It sounds crass to say, but if you don't socialise your puppy, the adult version is going to have a bad time. Same goes for my kids. 6. As much as they seem hell bent on self-destruction, they're actually pretty hard to kill. (See point 1). 7. I talk with my kids. This not only strengthens points 1-5, but my conversations help them to develop critical thinking. That is a life skill that cannot be ~~understated~~ overstated. 8. I endeavour to lead by example. Do as I say, not as I do is a sure-fire way to erode trust. 9. My kids will do inappropriate things, they will be selfish and they will make bad decisions. This is a learning experience for them. They are kids and are supposed to do these things. My job as a parent is to recognise this and support them in learning to make good decisions. Number 10 is intentionally left blank as an exercise to the reader. :)
Don't you love it when an honest question is controversial?
Thank you! If you have an idea for a number 10, post it. I am, by no means, what I would consider a model parent and would love to hear other's takes on this.
~~Is that Kuitpo?~~ Don't worry - guessing it's Tassie. Been through both places, they look the same when stripped.
Well said mate.
It's the smile of a psychopath.
Yeah, was trying to figure that out. Does he have a tie to Huffman or was that the uncomfortable grin of knowing he should laugh at a joke while he did the same for his own child?
&gt; licking her ass Minge. She's licking her minge. The lady is a fantastic actor with no pretenses, she can lick whatever she fancies. What I don't understand is why they cut to whassername with the Dame Judy joke.
I don't know if you have yet, but don't forget to say thanks to her. You moving out is a big thing for her too and her showing her support, despite the cultural barrier, is something to cherish. You got good parents and they've got a good kid.
Have you heard of the saying "more British than the British"? It's basically saying that expats will hold to the old ways more stringently than the modern culture. My folks are migrants living in Australia (not British) and holy shit, they've held to the old ways that even backwards Russians have long left behind. :)
Pandering to the safe crowd. It's all the rage.
&gt; Senior FIrefighter Looked into it here in SA, starting $55k, stay a bitch until you can move up after 4 years. Only people I saw in the pay scale &gt; $85k were in the admin ranks. This was 9 years ago though.
I don't believe you.
Not sure why you're being down voted?! I hope his day is good too.
Aunties represent!
Ok boomer.
That's hilarious. Why wouldn't you want to spend time with some as smart and cutting as that?
I agree with almost the entirety of your post, except it still being normal in the 90s. I'm male and was in my late teens - early twenties in the 90s, regularly babysat my nieces and nephews and knew that shit didn't fly in that decade. Hell, even my old man - an immigrant from china - was an equal partner to my mother in raising 5 kids.
It is. Intelligence is applied wisdom, though.
Just waiting for the Libs to announce a full FTTP upgrade to the NBN at the election to fix the mess Labor built. /s
&gt; I wish for your daughter a good career in porn industry. Why would you say that?
Well it ain't a yeet.
It's not an IT career until at least one of your positions has been made redundant and you've had to lock a C-level account.
Well, when it's lawyers and an IT rep confiscating computers, they're not kidding around.
I love the denier politicians talking about the fires saying "please don't politicise this by talking about climate change at this point, now is not the time". Heads so far up their arses that they're behaving like little children being presented with evidence that doesn't fit with their belief.
&gt; and neglect By directly blaming progressive/conservationist political parties for stopping hazard reduction measures earlier in the year. They didn't. The government service responsible for conducting the hazard reduction stopped the activity because it was too risky to conduct. Why did they stop it? Because we've had consistently more dryer and hotter years.
&gt; Fire requires fuel and oxygen (and a source of ignition) This is incorrect and dangerous information. Fire is a reaction that requires three things: fuel, oxygen and heat. Ignition will happen spontaneously when all three things are above the required levels. A source of ignition is simply the application of heat to create a localised point that brings all three requirements to the correct level to start the reaction. E.g. a lightning strike superheats a small spot beginning combustion. The first thing any fire safety course teaches is about the triangle of fire (fuel, oxygen, heat) and how to stop the reaction safely by depriving the reaction of two of those things. They always stress how simply removing one of them (covering a frying pan fire with a lid to deprive oxygen) does not remove the fire risk because as soon as you take the lid off and oxygen is added back to the reaction, it will spontaneously burn again without an ignition source.
&gt; It is not Green/Progressive parties who are responsible for this. Absolutely not! Some dickheads with money are spewing that shit through their media and a lot of dickheads are believing it. :(
Phew... For a second of misreading, I thought you were talking about Dean Hutton! You're right about the supply of dickheads, though.
I know, right?!!! But, that belly!
The air transportation safety bureau of the respective country does though.
&gt; Your brake pedal will work once then get very hard ~~You no longer have engine assisted breaking. You can apply the brakes, but it's human pressure now.~~ see /u/Electrode99's comment beneath mine.
You're not.
Install reddit enhancement suite, hover over the link: "subreddit not found".
To be fair, if you're in a country like the USA where any stop could have someone carrying a concealed weapon because it's their, hur-dur, right... and anyone can be willing to point and shoot at you, I couldn't blame the cops for being militant.
I watched and upvoted. I disagree with the OP's description though. I don't want my dinner to be endearing, I want it to be satisfying.
It gets better! Keep on at it. My one word of advice from my own weight loss journey is this: it doesn't work unless you do it. There have been many days where I didn't want to run or follow through on IF, and that's what I've had to tell myself to maintain some semblance of order. It's not easy and I applaude you.
I disagree. OP's joke I'd never heard before. Your's is repeated every single time there's a joke related to fetishism here.
...and forgo all support when something changes and your illegal addons don't work no more. Gatekeeping? Sure. Know what you're doing.
The holy trinity used to be sabnzbd, sickbeard and couchpotato (potatoe). Now it's sabnzbd, sonarr and radarr.
Same scene every Monday.
A rip doesn't pull you down, though. It pulls you out to sea while your panicked brain tells to you to swim back to shore. The correct response to a rip is to remain calm and swim parallel to the shore, out of the rip, then you're free to ride the waves back in to the beach. Primary moral of the story, your story is nothing like the original. Secondary moral of the story, I'm drunk and shouldn't be allowed near a keyboard.
If you're at a beach, the probability of a rip occurring is 1. The probability of spontaneous combustion occurring at a meeting of occultists is 0.1 x 10^-7 and the probability of you stumbling across quicksand during your daily commute is about the same.
What was the name of the guy who killed the royal family?
Every one has their own perception.
You're right! Forgot that part.
&gt; 2003: What would become the first commercially successful electronic cigarette is created in Beijing, China by Hon Lik, a 52 year old pharmacist, inventor and smoker. He reportedly created the device after his father, also a heavy smoker, dies of lung cancer. (It is not clear the extent to which his was a de novo rederivation of the technology and to what extent he was drawing upon prior art; he failed to cite much prior art in his patent applications.) The company Lik worked for, Golden Dragon Holdings, developed the device and changed its name to Ruyan, which means “like smoke.” [source](http://www.casaa.org/historical-timeline-of-electronic-cigarettes/) I chose the 2003 entry, as that's the primary point of the device as it appears today.
Not to mention all the other chemicals added to the tobacco by the cigarette companies that are also burnt and inhaled.
For stating the correct requirements for fire, giving factual information and not resorting to name calling? Lol, you're as bad as my ex wife.
Mono-filament.
Mate, that looks really well done! Next up, make yourself a solid table to game on - one that's a little wider and can handle the larger games. :) Out of interest, how did you turn Eclipse into a wedding guest book?
Did they mention what preventative eye care should be undertaken (aside from the focus on something 20' away every 20 minutes)?
Don't see the trade/economy board though. That addition killed my trade only winning streak! One damned nice looking table, though.
Ah, so it is. Glanced right over it on the shoulder.
After losing the license for multiple drug offences at the premises?
Yeah, Mars was a community hangout with dancing tacked on. I had a friend tell me of her story of starting to frequent the place. Back in the day when cops were killing gays without repercussion. After she was accepted in the place, one of the regulars took her around and showed her the various implements squirreled about to protect herself should a roving horde come through (as they were wont to) and the boltholes to exit via should things get out of control.
If only the crowd was at copacity!
Thanks for understanding basic probability!
You don't know that without hindsight though.
I disagree. Leave enough room in your life to be surprised. There is no certainty in this world and statements like that cry out the longing for it. Adapt, live, enjoy your life. There will be good times, there will be hard times. source: me, going through divorce right now.
&gt; If there are any kids, maybe send them money I'm guessing you don't have kids? They change your world.
&gt; I'm glad he doesn't suffer anymore You don't have to suffer anymore either. What he did was neither your fault nor blame. We each carry our own, personal, struggle daily - for some it's just too much to bear. You do good, live your life and enjoy your moments. I'm cheering for you.
Ah, thanks. Shows how old I am, I can't even remember. :)
Uh, I see where you're coming from, but this was an extra 10 days vacation, plus a paid trip for the family, on top of the 4 weeks we get every year. Capitalism? Absolutely! Still, it was a place that compensated the employees handsomely.
I think it's important that people recovering know that someone whose opinion they value is proud of them. Your words have lifted my heart, I hope you say them to her too.
Absolutely. It's akin to being burned at the stake on the accusation of being a witch or having an exorcism performed on you because you played Dungeons and Dragons in the 80s.
Oh, jesus. &gt; thermos tat. You have stolen my heart.
&gt; That doesn't change anything about whether any number is more likely to win than any other. There exists at least one. ~~Don't unnecessarily humble yourself.~~ edit: I take that back, I thought you were the poster I replied to - you're not.
Is your dad a woman?
In that you have my whole-hearted agreement.
Yep. When I was looking at my super fund, I created a fairly simple spreadsheet to compare how my fund was doing vs other market offerings. Plugged in their historical performance on comparative portfolios and was astounded at how badly my fund was performing. It was a simple task, took me a couple of hours and I just couldn't believe the results. Sent the sheet of to a mate to verify and he comes back saying - the numbers are accurate. Everything switched over to another fund the next day.
Both of those statements are correct. I misread. My apologies.
They even voted in a president who makes fun of people's disabilities.
Why is the EAB system even remotely connected to the waste pipes?
&gt; a highlight of industrial design lol.
Like deciding on PS/2 for both mouse and keyboard and thinking different coloured ports will stop people plugging the wrong thing in the wrong port while fumbling blindly at the back of their computer. :)
I agree with this answer even though I'm currently going through a divorce after a 19 year relationship. That jump is not only giving your trust to the other person, it's also giving your trust to yourself.
&gt; equity based crowdfunding Isn't that another name for selling shares with out the governance and oversight of corporate law?
Impairment vs traces in system are completely different states. Our testing is flawed.
&gt; My great grandfather didnt fight to have these wastes of human skins live in our cities He didn't. Now it's our generation's fight.
Put the traffic cone to good use.
What TMG did isn't. Selling shares is. How is selling shares in a company not equity based crowdfunding? A crowd of people fund the company in return for equity in the company.
The 7 tenets of The Satanic Temple are even better in my opinion.
You made me laugh, motherfucker. Top joke.
Black Friar's school in Adelaide put up a statue just like that. They tore it down shortly after.
And garbage often gets recycled, much like our conservative government. :(
Ave Satan!
Yeah, my swearing cut right down when my 2yo said to the cat "come here you furry fuggermucker". 8 years later, it's back to pre-children levels. My reasoning is that they're going to hear a lot of harsh words in their life, being desensitised to them at a young age is going to have them not giving a shit when they hear swearing in anger.
A child being caned in the principal's office for a school fight is an abject lesson. A slave being crucified and hung on display is an object lesson. (I'm not saying either are morally right)
The employee share scheme at one company I worked at allowed you to sacrifice 10% of your yearly income and purchase shares in the company at the lowest price recorded over the previous year. Not that great a deal when you consider that it effectively gave the company 10% less wages to pay for a full year, they peeled off their own stock holding and they couldn't sell for shit, so the stock just kept on going down.
My original flight to the States was cancelled and was re-booked on one doing a stop in Canada. Literally, the international transit line - no customs getting off the airplane, no customs getting on, likewise no border control either. The airline wouldn't issue me the ticket until I showed them a visa for Canada. Admittedly, they reimbursed me the cost of the visa, but what's the point of being in the Commonwealth if I can't even enter the transit lounge of an airport in another Commonwealth country without a visa.
You sit your brother down right now and tell him that you appreciate all he's done for you, but if he really loved you he'd be organising a bunch of friends to come over so you can all play The Thing together.
According the Mick Molloy in Crackerjack, the beers are still priced like it's the 70s too.
C25K app. Getting you off the couch and running 5kms in two months. Life changer.
Growing pains.
Hmmm... when I took a redundancy in SA, the rounded amount was just given as it fell neatly into the bands of the legislated payouts for length of service. The rest (AL, LSL) was payed out as recorded at time of end of service. Bonus was getting the rest of the week off after the announcement and the notice period being paid out, so an additional 5 weeks on top of the redundancy package with leave accruing during that time.
I was thinking about this on the drive to work the next morning and didn't bother replying, but it's been eating at me since. I wholeheartedly agree with your sentiment but unfortunately, in Australia at least, the government will interject in any relationship lasting longer than 12 months with de facto rights for both partners in asset division post break-up. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
At some point, we have to take stock of the situation of the planet when making decisions in our lives. Is a blunt instrument better than no instrument at all? ~~I don't know~~ I'm undecided, but am interested to hear your thoughts.
I've been an electronics engineer (on a forged degree for 10 years), a removalist and a help desk lacky for an ISP. These three jobs supported me through a Comp. Sci. degree. I agree with you on the view that uneducated people think that a university education is another plane of existence. A degree simply puts you in the field, it doesn't make you a master of it. As a side note, my ex-mother-in-law's boyfriend is a certified NASA lackey, with many years experience in guidance systems and many patents to his name. On a recent holiday, I found him drinking cold instant coffee because he couldn't work out where to get hot water from in the kitchen. The same kitchen that had an electric kettle, a pot to boil water on, a hot water tap and a microwave. A smart person, no doubt about it, but clearly not the smartest person I've met. Edit: my ex-brother-in-law (I grew up in a big family) was an extremely intelligent person. He got an ass-dip in electrical engineering and worked for AMD from its infancy. He had an all-round technical knowledge (we stripped and rebuilt a Landcruiser together and renovated his house) like no other. His reasoning and intelligence eclipsed most people I know. It's a pity what bi-polar disorder can do to someone.
Is that a lizard cage?
&gt; I watched it, thought "this'll be hilarious". It was not. I think it was. Good art pushes boundaries. Sometimes it's not boundaries we want pushed, but it is what it is.
I think the series had lost all dramatic integrity before that. :(
If you're in to "retro" gaming, check out The Neverhood. It'll wipe your mind's eye with fantastic claymation.
I watched the original Bladerunner with my 10yo last year. I'm looking forward to the day we watch this and Apocalypse Now together.
That was a surprise sleeper movie for me last year!
&gt; Jim Caviezel ... but the metal and leather missed the boards two to three times He's a hard-core Christian nutter; I suspect he enjoyed it.
The only Bad Lt. When Lt realises he's messed up so badly there's no redemption. Fuck Nicholas Cage for putting his name to the other one.
Damn, my daughter and I just tried this on my cat. Didn't work, he just jerked his ears back and looked at us like the idiots we were.
&gt; Grab the tiger by the ears and ride it until you get kicked off. I hear you, brother.
Absolutely. It was the same auction where I recognised something was off and, months after settlement, found the auctioneer and his brother fined after defrauding a seller of their house. The brother was a bidder at the auction that day.
&gt; I'd like to hear more It was a requirement of the job for an entry level technician. Color printers were a rarity, made myself a degree and a transcript, got the degree embossed and the hand written text done by a local artist who thought it was hilarious. Ex brother-in-law gave me a crash course in soldering, reading a circuit diagram and electronic theory. The rest was pretty much on the job training in a specific field. Just kept on moving up in the company from there until I realised that I'd hit a ceiling without a real degree (didn't want to risk inspection of the fake one any further) and thought computers were interesting and would like to know how they work.
Nice one. That warms my heart.
Why is it whenever my collective downvotes on his posts hit 100, they reset to 0?
Honestly, how is blocking him a greater hurt than downvoting him?
Don't, for a second, think there isn't money involved.
Tom and Jerry's send their regards.
As a person in a similar situation - thanks. I'm adjusting to a life not shared with my ex-partner and sometimes, when loneliness hits and I don't want to call friends, I just grab a book and head to a favourite bar just to read and hear people talking around me.
Lol, not American. That's the one! Thanks.
This is part of an email sent out from a local business on Kangaroo Island: &gt; First the good news! &gt; Well, it got damned close, but we survived. &gt; &gt; We are open for business! Kangaroo Island Outdoor Action is still running Quad Tours and Little Sahara still has awesome Sandboarding and Guided Fat Bike Tours. &gt; &gt; After weeks of continuous attacks, from multiple fire fronts, we feel like we have dodged a massive bullet! Both our businesses, Little Sahara and Kangaroo Island Outdoor Action suffered fire damage but not total destruction and all of our tours and activities are still fully operating. &gt; &gt; Since December 30, Brenton has spent every day fighting fires around the Island helping family, friends and the community save what they could of their beloved island. Meanwhile Verity, and the three boys, have lived through some very long and stressful days, evacuating three times, going days without seeing Brenton and with no phone communication when he was on the fire ground, often unsure if he was safe. You may well have seen some of Brenton's footage that he took of the firestorm that he, Ben and their dad Peter were caught in - it was picked up by the world's media. You can watch it above. &gt; &gt; Yesterday it finally rained and was the first day we weren't active on the fire ground and could take stock of our situation. &gt; It's not all good news! &gt; Yes, we survived and our business is still going, but Kangaroo Island tourism has taken an almighty hit in what should have been our busiest month of the year. &gt; &gt; Like many other tourism businesses on the island our turnover is 80-90% down at the moment. We have sadly had to let go of some great staff (luckily they have all found jobs elsewhere on the mainland) and are doing whatever we can to get through this rough period. This is the time of year we would normally be saving money to get us through the quieter winter months ahead - but right now, we are managing to pay our staff and not much else. &gt; &gt; We might have survived the fires, but we're not sure we will survive the aftermath. &gt; &gt; Trust us, this is not easy for us to say, but... &gt; &gt; WE ARE GOING TO NEED SOME HELP. Brenton owns the business with his wife. He, literally, has spent every day during what's the busiest time of the year for his business working with out pay to fight the fires. [This is the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQAHupUy9w8) mentioned in the text above.
I walked inside with my wallet in my pocket and told the kids I'd been mugged.
Actually, he didn't know it at the time, but he made 6 days ahead better! Top work.
No! Not glitter!
I knew four kids who died in similar circumstances. About 10 years later, the car I was travelling in rolled over. It was a gentle accident, upended in soft earth and stopped on its roof. But, we were in the middle of Australia and our companions in the car ahead didn't see it. About 40 minutes after the accident an indigenous family cruise past. Neither us nor them had the straps to right the car, so we gave them a description of our friends and asked them to pass on a message at the next petrol station. About an hour later our buddy is screaming down the road towards us. He was the first person to discover the kids when they died. I'll never forget the look on his colourless face as he pulled up to us.
It's the three stages of Metalhead: 1: Awe. Freshly introduced to metal and realise there's a whole new world of music. 2: Jaded. It's the outcome of the 100/10 rule. After listening to the same 100 albums for the last 10 years and not searching for anything new, any new metal that is heard is foreign and "sucks". 3: Bliss. Some branching out occurs. Catchy pop songs stick in the listener's head, the layered melodies of other genres are recognised. This appreciation breaks the hardened kernel that has formed over open-mindedness and the listener recognises that there is a world of talented musicians still producing music. The listener is now free to appreciate recent metal music once again. Occasionally, the kernel in their brains crusts over once again and they fall back into listening to back catalogues and cycle through step 2 again.
Nice cloud of spray for his air vents to intake.
They also bedazzle their cars. Fortunately, the bedazzlement doesn't hurt anyone other than make baby jesus cry.
80 ☑︎ I'm not a robot.
Nah, we call it a Siberian Sawmill.
Remember when the Turkish guys beat US citizens in Washington DC and suffered no consequences? Why would the US go after its own?
Do they make after market exhausts that catch on fire with revving?
The full package. Brains and brawn working together. Far sexier to me.
Don't worry. You should be able to smile knowing it was dope ass, sick shit.
&gt; This is an abhorrent way to treat someone. ~~who served.~~ FTFY.
Bought baby outfits for a friend's new twins. Sent them to him as he lives interstate, about 8 hours away. Got a call from him a couple days later... um, did you steal these? The shop didn't take the tags off and I didn't notice. :(
I image the words said were something along the lines of "I will stand beside you while you're president, but don't you fucking touch me."
Not minimising the problem at all. It's an abhorrent way to treat anybody, let alone someone with ptsd. Service has nothing to do with it.
They have a new postcode now.
It's a fucking farce, isn't it?
IIRC, Bernie also stood for nominations last election. The DNC screwed America to honour the backroom deals they made, giving Hillary her turn. I can't think of any other reason to explain it.
I had high hopes &gt;!with the talk of the King in Yellow yet, despite nothing coming of it,!&lt; I was not disappointed - hands down the best TV I've ever watched.
Did you enjoy what you saw in E1? Then absolutely continue watching. It gets much, much better.
They were, weren't they! The way they played the characters and the way their relationship was written, it's a masterclass in writing, acting and editing.
Bojack is the one show I've never skipped the intro for.
If there's one message I've picked up from watching the show... that's ok.
[This guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/fla8hl/bubblewrap_pop_online/) has something for you.
I'm with you! The last one for me was not unintentional though. I want them to recognise that an adult swearing is a sign of frustration and does not give the adult power over them.
My son (8 at the time) was out with his two cousins and a family friend who was babysitting them for the day. My nephew said something was shit and the family friend gave them all a talk about swearing in context. My son told her he knows how to swear in context, so she asked him to give her an example. "This motherfucking radio station plays shit music" he replied. She tells me that she had to pull over she was laughing so hard and she couldn't reprimand him because she gave him permission to say it. She had literal tears in her eyes relating the story to me at the end of the day, telling me that he's so good mannered she never expected to hear that come out of his mouth.
You guys are alright.
Wouldn't it just be easier to use a boxcutter to scour the joint to the wall, then painters friend to aggressively remove any paint from the bolt?
Imagine if the Election Assistance Commission set up enrolment booths at protest sites. I wonder how many new enrolments they'd get, if they'd get attacked by the "authorities", and if there'd be an uproar when footage of their booths being trampled?
Grab some bubble wrap for your hips while your at it. :)
He's just lucky scomo didn't force a hand shake on him.
It's pretty amazing how not-far 150k will go now days in a reno when you're paying others to do it. Have seen a couple of friend's renos that cost 300k and thought, really? But, of course, I smiled and told them how wonderful it looked.
If St Johns tells you anything, the secret service would be in there with tear gas before Trump even arrived.
&gt; John Howard, as deplorable as I found him, was like a grandfather to people and they felt safe. As much as I deplore him too, he appears to be the last great statesman we've had in politics for a while. I wish we had more Rudd and Gillard time.
&gt; You’re right to point out that the prime minister totally was being racist and I agree. I'm not a scomo apologist and, off the back of children overboard and the NBN, I'd never vote Liberal, but mistaking someone's ethnicity is not racist.
&gt; professional sack of shit Perfect.
The last two years have been worth it! Life, as it will, throws curve balls. You will get to Disney World one day, there are plenty of things you can do in the meantime. Congratulations to both of you, I know it's a hard slog.
It's always amazing to me how many people "love" their animals and post cute videos of them unrestrained in the car. I love my kids and they wear their seatbelts.
&gt; I was still resentful of her and ignored it. In no way should you feel remorse for this. She would most likely have been a destructive influence in your kid's lives and not bringing contact back was a good move. I'm sorry to hear of her passing. You have done extremely well by your kids through a tumultuous time.
Orders over $10,000 get free presents.
Your first car is nothing to be ashamed of! Mine was a type 3 that had the battery tied in with a seatbelt so it wouldn't fall through the rusted floor beneath it.
One man to another: it's ok to cry. At the root of it, we're a big sack of meat, electricity and chemicals - and sometimes you just need to let it out. It's funny, an ex-brother-in-law was one of the most macho men I'd ever met. Ex-stripper, weights every day, volunteered for many "blokey" organisations and read many "how to be a man" books. He was the classic British, stiff upper lip, never show emotions type of guy. And there was me, overweight, comfortable expressing my emotions and generally feeling like a man. One of us is happy, the other is not. Out of the sidebar now, there are zero things about expressing your emotions that makes you any less a man. Quite the opposite, recognising your emotions and finding the language to express them (even non-verbal crying) makes you more a man.
Yep, the kind of inner strength that no one can easily take away.
I know I've heard this before, but it feels like the first time. Damn good point.
What's the companion phrase? Oh that's right... respect is earned.
Nah, it's a classic interaction: he teaches class, is grumpy with a bad day, finally mentions something about it as a throw away line and one kid pipes up asking him what size he is.
[This](https://imgur.com/a/fl8aDuE) should help you.
[Interesting article](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/jan/17/a-tall-tale-accuracy-of-trumps-medical-report-and-new-height-questioned) on it.
Money happens. Pay cheques take the place of integrity. Cut a few corners to get a story out, editors start acting favourably, corporate gives you a promotion. Before you know it, you're living in a gated community worried about being sexually assaulted or black people being too close.
&gt; claims are baseless Isn't that a problem, though? They shouldn't be left to fizzle out, they should be flamed and brought to bear on the false accuser.
Like someone shooting royalty, really. I mean, I understand taking a shot at the president, but that would never happen to a King or a Queen.
&gt; I had to move away from my hometown because everyone hated me for "making it up." So, not only was he doing it, he was poisoning the town as well. Glad you got out, stayed sane and are doing well.
It looks great, but... let's not overlook the fact it was a 23 second timelapse to capture the setup and we haven't even covered the painting and flocking time.
They've created a gated community without incorporation or a fence?
&gt; "Teenager!" "Thank you." Best response ever, this is one teenager I'm proud of!
Took a while to acclimatise the testicles while I hovered over the surface, but once they were good, I was good.
One less beer and one lap around the block. Really easy to achieve, you don't even need to get into exercise gear.
&gt; "hardest step on a run is the step out the door" It's true.
Kinesthetic learning, no shame in that.
My apologies - I was drunk when I typed that response and it came off like an arsehole.
Came in after edit 5 and this is the best TIFU I've seen in a long, long time. Hope you guys have fun!
Swiss Army Patrick.
Yep, you're right. If you also like Anton Yelchin, give it a whirl.
Add water, but be careful with the amount - it can grow up to double the size.
Of all the gifs that end too soon! I would love to see him put down and slink around the kids.
I sent this to my brother and he just replied that he's had a few from our mother that he wished he'd kept. Ben's not serious. Mum, unfortunately...
No tax agent I've been to would entertain trying to deduct part cost of a holiday flight when I've gone to a conference during my holiday. Even if they had, the ATO would have a field day reaming me over it. Why can a politician pull something like this?
Have a game in the works, was going to take advantage of your offer. Then I looked at your work and it's not right. Not charging for your work is very clearly underselling yourself. The work posted is of good quality and you should be charging for something of that calibre.
Follow the advice on the cover of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Don't Panic. Talk to your employer, they will want to get it sorted and have a happy employee. For issue #1, it's probably a transition issue and let them know. There's not a lot you can do to fix it aside from letting them know. For issue #2, also let them know. They may try and pass the buck and have you sort it out, but it's not something you are going to be able to fix if you don't have an existing relationship with the fund that received the money. Remember that this is super, so it's not missing money that is going to stop you from buying milk this week. It may take some time, but work with your employer and it'll get sorted out. Above all, keeping a healthy relationship going with them is the best way to get it sorted.
Wait a minute... is this the Port Adelaide terminal?
Went to a fundraiser for a kid in an electric wheelchair from similar circumstances. Check the god damned water depth before doing shit.
Righteo. You've done the right thing. You have your moral compass and you're staying true to it. At the end of the day, that's what's going to give you the fortitude to move forward. Onward and upwards. There are dark times ahead. Know that you need to go through a grieving period, it's going to be brutal but it's a healthy part of healing. Don't torture yourself. Understand that grieving is spontaneous, erratic and has lessons. You just need to ride out each wave, cry, punch the air and live on. Torture is something you do to yourself and has no benefit. Stay true to yourself, forgive yourself your thoughts and actions, live your life. edit: Had a quick re-read of your post. It's ok to still love her to death, just remember that you're not lonely - you're adjusting to life without her. Big difference.
So... is zero even or odd? Shout out to the maths lecturer at Darwin University. Probably the smallest uni in Australia, but almost every single lecturer I had went there on holiday and ended up living there, teaching what they loved. Thanks Dr Roberts &amp; Dr Nic. Your efforts didn't go to waste.
Even if it's not his kid, it's clear he's proud of him. Beautiful thing.
Absolutely not! The only difference is, you don't have your parents yelling at you to practice, so it takes discipline. 40+ still got time to learn something new.
That's a good one.
How the fuck did he make bond? Dude is a demonstrated threat to society.
Nah, EH was the epitome of Holden design. :)
My teenage cousin in the 80s told me of his dream to take an EH over to the US and just cruise for a year. He never got around to it, but it's warming to see someone has.
Is Fury the one in the red, white and blue jocks and Wilder in the black, shiny jocks?
They should start adding that to the water supply.
I can't tell you much about the history of the line, but I can tell you that my sister bought one when they were already 30+ years old. My brother was looking after her house while she was on holiday and drove it around. That car was the envy of a large extended family of cousins. During school holidays a friend and I were playing around, towing each other around on a skateboard behind a bike. There was a group of older teenagers who chased us down the street, telling us they were going to bash us. My friend pedalled like hell, with me crying behind him. We got around the block and stopped, both of us crying, right as my brother drove past in my sister's EH. He pulled over, put us in the car and as we drove home, had us tell him the story. Just as I finished telling him the story, we passed the kids sitting along a fence on the side of the street. Cue tires screeching, car mounting the curb and most of those bullies scattering as this car threatened to pin them against the fence. My brother and his mate jump out, grab the couple of teenagers that hadn't run and threatened them with all manner of pain if they fucked with us again. A couple of months later, my sister was driving and it got t-boned with someone running a stop sign. Incidentally, many years later, she bought a commodore that was the same [tan](https://www.shannons.com.au/auctions/2016-shannons-melbourne-late-summer-classic-auction/P26MG88QB567F9Z7/) colour and my brother and I borrowed it to drive to Melbourne for a wedding with some german backpackers that were living with us. Right in front of the church we got rear-ended, causing the boot to lose its seal. We drove the 9 hours back to our city with the windows down, in the middle of winter, to vent the fumes coming in from the back seat. I remember my parents in the back seat (we had picked them up from my Aunty's place and driven them to the church) and when the car hit, my brother let loose a stream of "motherfuckers", which horrified my mother and she begged him to remain calm. I clearly remember him being so angry, even I was fearful. Anyway, he opens the door, gets out and I hear him say in the friendliest voice "Hello there!" to the driver of the car behind. All of us in the car just started laughing. Also on the drive home, as we were pulling in for the night and heading to a motel, Soundgarden's Outshined came on the radio. Motel two blocks directly in front of us, my brother hits the indicator and takes the most circuitous route to the motel timed exactly to the end of the song. A couple of sly smiles between us as we quietly rocked out and the backpackers in the back seat had no idea.
Thanks. Obviously, I know nothing about boxing. :) edit: Hang on a sec. I just re-watched it. There is no big black dude in this gif.
I was following the thread and they were talking about Wilder having the most devastating punch in history, so I naturally assumed he was one of the guys in the gif. :)
You should be holding meat going pspspspssss...
Customer may want to have the firewall checked!
You need to pause the key turn on the accessory setting, before flicking over to start, and look at the dashboard lights. Most modern cars have a little cat symbol if there's one in the engine bay. It's usually right next to the little arrow that tells you what side the petrol tank opening is on.
Even without sound, I can hear its calls in my head.
I once spent two weeks remodelling a laundry and toilet. Had new tiles laid, new vanity installed and setting the toilet was the last thing I had to do. Drilling through the tile, I hit a water pipe that was chased into the plaster and didn't know it was there. A water jet went from the back of the toilet wall, through the laundry and was hitting the wall on the other side a good 8 meters away. I was not happy.
Stupid question - how do I switch to the original Russian audio?
This, this is good shit. I wish they'd incorporated a dummy distributor too.
I'm sure, with a bit of discussion, the theatre will let you sell out all the tickets provided you agree to social distancing space and not let any more people in that would breach the 4m^2 guideline.
[D'oh](https://www.modibodi.com/blogs/womens-underwear-online/how-to-get-blood-out-of-period-pants)! Should have searched before hand. Thanks for the advice and kind words. I'll send her this link later and keep up the gentle stinky narrative.
Looking great, my man! You're so much more confident in your smile and you deserve to be. All the best for the future.
Eyes gone from sad to inquisitive, ears from droopy to alert. Nice coat. That's one good looking cat you got there.
Vinegar's a good idea. It's definitely a period smell rather than mildew. I've discussed it with her tonight and explained that it's the collecting of partially rinsed, wet garments in her room that is the issue. Also went through setting the washing machine on a small load, cold cycle, how quickly it can be set and that it's not wasting water. I think drawing the comparison between spending 10 minutes rinsing (as she does) vs a quick rinse then washing machine has sold it to her.
I looked into this in my twenties and revisited it in my forties. It's not that easy in Australia. :(
What a fucking arsewipe.
7.36 and done.
Ugh... it's all 02 mate.
He's all [brawn and no speed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPp8l4yYsPQ)
Went out hunting with a mate on his property one day. Two hour drive out there and, when we got there, realised we'd left all the ammunition at home. So we grabbed the dogs and decided we'd go for a walk and check the fence line so as to not completely waste the day. After an hour walking, dogs spot a fox and give chase. As they follow it behind a bush, a roo gets startled and starts jumping away. The dogs bring it down. We put it out of its misery, butchered it and carried back the spoils. Without a doubt, I'd carry still twitching steaks in my hand for an hour again - they were the best steak sandwiches I've ever had.
Reminds me of playing Cooma golf course. One of our group would have to run down the fairway shooing off the roos while the rest of us teed off.
They would have been scared, for sure. I have no doubt that mum and dad would have sat down with the kids afterwards and explained it to them in a way that made sense. I mean, look at them - they're both dressed in coach's uniforms, I'm guessing to go out and do some kids sport.
Good ideas, thanks. Will keep them in mind if things don't change.
Haha, yes. I'm regularly either picking up rubbish while she's at her mum's house (if I'm changing sheets/towels etc) but otherwise I'm asking her to give a quick whip around under the guise of needing a clean floor to run the vacuum. It's an absolute blast watching her become a full-blown teenager, her general messiness reminds me of my teenage years, while her's brother meticulous cleanliness reminds me of my own brother's teenage years.
I haven't counted, but it appears her mum set her up with plenty. I've asked her if she wants me to get more but she said no. Have told her to just tell me when she does. Took her out makeup shopping last weekend so it's sinking in that setting up the house was hectic, but her needs are important and will be met.
Spinner's not a bad idea, will keep that in mind as well. Hopefully, with some encouragement, she'll gel with rinse and washing machine.
Lol, I like it! I suspect her room is a tinderbox with the amount of wrappers that come out of there. I'm slowly working my way up the chain of bigger fish to find the supplier of illicit chocolates at school. At this stage, the working theory is that there's a 200kg kid handing out chocolates at school or she's spending her babysitting money.
Don't worry, you have my vote.
Had a similar thing hiring one in a developed country. All weekend it screamed whenever you picked up kids on a biscuit, but we made do. Rental place tried to tell me that there's 15mm wear on the impeller wear ring. Like, you'd need either months of use to do that or pull some gnarly rocks through the propulsion system which would leave chunks out of the impeller too. Impeller was unscratched.
Behemoth! The Satanist and extended live recording is on high rotation in my house at the moment.
I haven't had the chance to yet. But next time they're in Australia, you bet your sandwich I will.
That is a good point you raise and there's a pretty interesting discussion on [quora](https://www.quora.com/In-Blade-Runner-does-Deckard-rape-Rachael-Why-does-he-tell-her-to-say-kiss-me#:~:text=Short%20answer%3A%20No%2C%20he%20does,scene%20is%20a%20little%20disturbing.) about it. He saw a potential sex scene coming up and we fast forwarded it. Unfortunately, if we were to skip over parts like that with Joi in 2049, we'd skip what feels like 1/4 of the movie.
I think so. I hope he's able to sit back and just soak in the beauty of the world that's created on the screen. We did watch Edge of Tomorrow last weekend. Warned him (he's pretty much not liking violence in his movies, but happily plays Fortnite?!) that you're going to watch the main character die, again and again, and he really enjoyed it.
I'd like to take credit and I do, in some small part - the reality is, he's just a beautiful (gentle) person and we play to those strengths. But thank you for warm words. I was really looking forward to the three breasted lady in the original Total Recall, but we never made it past Arnie "waking up" and mowing down the guys with his machine gun. In comparison, he happily sat through the entirety of Saving Private Ryan. I'm just trying to broaden his horizons as he's around about his tenth viewing of the full season of Brooklyn Nine Nine. :)
I love this man!
I don't think it's to bolster recruitment, it's to normalise the power play.
With that lovely, spirally penis. You wanna do gay stuff later?
Not sure why you were downvoted for pointing out a truth. The bonus those execs received allowed them to do plenty of crying in private while cleaners looked after their houses and restaurants cooked their meals.
I think it's her fur malting rather than markings.
Oh man, I get you. When I was in grade 2 the area my school was in had a centenary celebration. They went the whole hog, old ships sailing in, people dressed up in old times and more. The carnies, figuring they'd make some money before the main weekend brought their camels to our school and held 20c rides. I held my twenty cents tight during recess, waiting patiently in line. The guy comes along and collects our money and right as it's my turn, the siren blows. I ran back to class quietly crying. FWIW, my kids think it's hilarious that almost every childhood story I have ends up with me in tears. :)
Had a GD cross rottweiler. GD size, rottweiler markings. Total derp who loved you, tried to be a gentle giant but wasn't aware of her size. Every GD I've met is easy going and also unaware of their size. I did know someone who told me they were attacked by one as a child - he had the scars as testament, so I can't discredit his story. On the flip side when the ex-mother-in-law was visiting, I watched the dog do her usual mouthy-mouthy with her boyfriend who later claimed she tried to bite him.
About right.
This is an important piece of information. Our health is being bought and sold for shareholder's profit. Any employee who hatches these sorts of plans is complicity psychopathic.
What's the quote? It easy to put someone to sleep, the trick is giving them only enough so you can wake them up again.
I agree. OPs discussion about breaking a contract is a great way of looking at it and something, I feel, would work in their favour if they can bring that up.
2 ducks will turn a pool green in one day.
Mate, I hear your pain. It's going to be a lot more painful for a while. You need to decide what's best for you in this situation and eventually find peace with your decision. I can tell you this. Getting divorced is hard. Telling your kids that you're separating is one of the hardest things you'll ever do in your life. Rip your heart and soul out hardest. But, if you can find peace in your decision, you'll be a better, wiser person and a better father. Recognise that, if you do decide to divorce, you will be bound to her through the children - which means contact when you really don't want it, but she's their mother. In the meantime - you're going to experience an immense amount of pain and grief and you're going to torture yourself. There are lessons to be learnt in the pain and the grief, but none in the torture. Look after yourself, take some time for yourself. DM me if you need your arse kicked.
I can't tell you the legal workings of it - I had it happen in Australia. You said your thoughts are all scattered at the moment. When I separated, I started a journal (something I'd not done in 20+ years) to collect my thoughts. While writing it, I promised that I'd be honest in my recollection of events, but would allow myself to then editorialise in further paragraphs regarding my perceptions and thoughts. I kept it up for almost two months and then found I didn't need to do it any more. I think I probably re-read it twice, shared whatever point I was up to with the ex once, now it just sits there and I have no plans to read it or continue on with it. But it helped greatly to get my head in order. Maybe a journal is something you could consider to help find a centered daitum as you navigate these turbulent waters?
Spend some time focussing on yourself and you will hit a point where you're excited about what the future holds. Keep at it.
Don't leave it to chance. Copy down this post and the reply and leave it in a file on your desktop. If you need to, you'll open it. If you don't you'll just ignore it. One day you'll even delete it because we get better, we grow and we heal. You've got an exciting future ahead of you.
You're absolutely correct in what you just said. The fact is she's still your child's mother and it's good for your child to have a healthy relationship with her mother. My ex left me in similar circumstances, but I agreed to keep the line of it being a mutual decision and that we just didn't love each other anymore (to kids 10 &amp; 13). It really sucks, but I'm sticking with it. Kids are amazingly resilient and adaptive. You do need to phrase it in a manner that a 5 year old can understand. Unfortunately, to relay the reality of the situation, there's no glossing over it - the world, their framework in which they view the universe, is going to be ripped out from them. What you need to do, after the bad news has sunk in, is to outline and play up the positives. It will quickly become the new norm, but there will still be moments of sadness. It's ok to be sad together. Crying with your child lets them know it's ok to be sad and after that's done, you hug, tell each other that you love them and you move on. It does get better.
Ask yourself what you want to happen in all of this. Be honest with yourself. Make your decision and find peace with it.
I'm with you on this one. Open mind, learning to let the pain go. We're all incredibly complex beings, who am I to judge.
Yeah. Sitting the kids, 10 &amp; 13, down to tell them their mother and I are separating was the hardest day of my life. It's been 10 months and co-parenting is painful experience - having a great day and being contacted in an aggressive manner because the 10 yo fell off his bike and scraped his leg and I didn't tell her? Just trying to live peacefully here.
It's absolutely astounding how much we lose ourselves in our partners! Post separation, pre-COVID, I was back out at metal concerts, running, enjoying the life and got the motorbike license I had promised I wouldn't for 20 years. Lots of self-censoring. Take the time for yourself. Rebuild, rediscover and grow. Leave a little room in your life to be surprised and you'll find beauty and wonder in the world around you again. With what you've written, I think you're well on the path to becoming a happy, beautiful person again.
A house is not a home. A home is what you make. My ex bought me out of the big family home, I've bought a townhouse large enough for me and the kids (50/50). They're old enough that we're not in each other's faces every waking moment and I think we're all having a blast. There have been ups and downs with the transition, but the kids are smiling which makes me smile and that's doing pretty good IMHO.
Don't underestimate the power of stairs! My kids love mine and laugh at the cat, with his furry belly swaying side to side, as he goes up and down. It's been an amazing experience where the simplest little thing - like my daughter wanting LED strips for her room - lay down lasting memories. Admittedly, her room now looks like a crack-whore's den with the coloured lights and the general teenage messiness, but she likes that she's put her touch on it.
&gt; I certainly don't want to hurt anyone. This is key. If that's a core principal to you, then just be honest about where you're at with her. I had the same thought and attempted to date about 6 months post separation. As things started getting emotionally serious with someone I quickly realised that I didn't want that. There are no rules or regulations. You do you, be honest with yourself and to other people and time can work itself out.
&gt; be honest with her and most of all, be honest with yourself. Truth!
&gt; "grief bargaining" Can you explain this phrase to me, please? I've never heard it before.
If she was on fire, I wouldn't piss on her to put it out. Bitter much? But sure as shit I took the kids out to buy her a mother's day present and laughed and smile the whole time.
Dude, you've made me smile. Happy Father's day (belated).
I'm not sure my ex feels this way, but I appreciate you saying it. Thank you.
Stop. You need to learn resilience and support yourself. Jumping into another relationship is going to harm you in the long run.
70/30 -&gt; 5/95. I found that in the early days after separation, I'd call random friends to talk because I needed to hear myself say things out loud to concrete them. What do you want to happen?
&gt; I passed on because my ex didn't like them, like going to live concerts, traveling, and running. Oh snap! I also went out and got the motorcycle license I'd promised I'd not get for 20 years. I'm happy reading your story.
So... what I'm hearing is it gets better? :) FWIW, after counselling a few friends through their break ups with the whole: if you're not doing anything different, how can you expect anything to change? Have you tried online dating?... thing, I ate my hat and put myself out there. Online dating (wasn't ready), C25K and meetup. It's been good.
&gt; I have reconnected with friends I haven’t spoken to in years and have just been open and honest with what I’m going through. In my darkest hours, I'd pull up my phone contacts and deliberately call someone I hadn't spoken to in a while. Lifesavers.
Thanks! I had a bike for two months before someone wasn't paying attention, accelerated and rear ended me at a stop light. :( I deliberated for about 30s whether I should continue riding, but decided I was enjoying it too much too stop now. Pure fucking fear, thrill and exhilaration. Took the insurance money, some crypto finally went back into the black and bought a new bike. Put more kms on it in two days than I did on the old one in two months. Getting better every day. All the gear, all the time.
&gt; I’m realizing I doubt I’d ever be able to fully trust him again That was a big kicker for me. Realising the emotional trust was gone killed any deep seated hope I had for the relationship to rebuild. Accepting it made it much easier to start healing and forward planning. An extended family member's wife walked out on him and their teenage kids about 4 years ago and, while they've finalised the financial stuff they still haven't done the divorce paperwork. Just a couple of weeks ago he told me that he told me he thinks there's a less than 1% chance they'll get back together and, while he didn't admit it outright, it's stopping him from living a fuller life. A long conversation followed, even with his kids telling him to move forward, but he just won't let it go. &gt; I’ll just always have the what if we had tried. I don't know if it is cheating or a healthy way to let go and move forward, but you have ultimate control over what happens in your what-if thoughts. You can - instead of going down the rabbit hole and torturing yourself dreaming of a perfect, happy life that isn't the reality - imagine the effort was put into counselling and things didn't change. I mean, it's just imagination and it's not hurting anyone right? Let your mind play it out in a manner where both of you did everything right and you still split. I think it's a bit of a subconscious cathartic activity that may help. It's not something I actively chose to do, but looking back realised it was just happening naturally and it certainly helped me. Another realisation I had that helped me was, instead of thinking like I hadn't tried hard enough, accepting I tried exactly as hard as my core being allowed me to. I'm not entirely sure it was pride or preserving my dignity, but I wasn't going to throw myself on the floor and beg her to go to counselling after she refused the first time. She knew that I had loved her, spent 20 years with her and chose to end it. I value myself more than that. &gt; Would we be able to stay friends and be a new type of family for our kids? Is this still caring for each other but knowing we can’t be together better then losing that in blame and anger trying to work through it? I don't have an answer to that. Maybe yes? I don't understand the importance placed on caring for your ex. I care for mine to the extent that she is the mother of my children. Anything outside of that, she's the master of her own life. It's an entirely mercenary way of looking at it, but it brings me peace and leaves no room in my mind to play torture myself with what-ifs. I was accused by her of being a psychopath and lacking empathy and I've spent an inordinate amount of time since questioning that for myself. It happened while still cohabiting and she hit her head on a cupboard door. I left the room so she wouldn't have to display any weakness in front of me - she'd earlier put up a plaque in the house that said "behind every strong woman is herself" - and she came out later yelling and raving. A couple of weeks earlier, she had knocked on the door to my bedroom and offered me some dinner she made. I asked her if she was only being kind to me because I was the father of her children, to which she replied yes. It was at that point I just went I don't have it in me to care for her at a level afforded a partner. Damned if you do, damned if you don't - far easier to "don't" and save my energy for more rewarding things. Anyway, that was a long round about story with no real importance other than to highlight that big decisions can be made with no real thought and it's not imperative to care for your ex in any way that's above and beyond the care you'd extend for someone you don't like. You can still successfully co-parent without torturing yourself, just bite your lip when it's your own pride and make every decision in the best interest of your children.
Thanks for that! You explained it perfectly and I 100% agree with what you've said. :) &gt; Grief stares you in the face until IT is done with YOU. Absolutely... and it's a natural, healthy thing to experience. Hurts like hell, but contains plenty of lessons and is part of the healing process. Just yesterday I was talking with my brother while we worked on his fence about how we are being pushed this fixation on avoiding pain, or doing things that are hard and how unhealthy it is. The idea of how we have to be happy all the time or something is wrong is so bad for our psyche.
&gt; They declined to hear it btw. Sounds less like a justice system and more like a fiefdom.
They did this once it was at the gate and the door was already open, right?
&gt; I wouldn’t classify myself as a kiddy fiddler. [Not even once.](https://www.oldtownschool.org/classes/kids/fiddle/welcome/)
Good eye! EH is still the nicer car. :)
&gt; That ain't woke, that's just being young and dumb. I'm old and woke, and that's exactly what boomers would say. Having said that, I don't know what the statue is in question, the history behind it or why it's there. Can you outline that for me?
&gt; ambivalence Thank you for the explanation. Ex-wife (and kids by default) are American, thought we'd hit all of the monuments, but am wrong. It's certainly food for thought. A more manly attitude show in the statue would be good. Is it worth tearing down though? I agree with Mr Douglass.
This reminds me of the time I was fortunate to be invited to spend the weekend with my older brother and cousins on a weekend at my aunty's shack on the river. Countless hours of sitting in the river in boredom and my brother hands me a magazine with skimpily-clad women in it. I looked through it, but wasn't old enough to appreciate a woman's figure. Anyway, we came home from the weekend and my brother suffered for months from aggravated mosquito bites.
Speak, brother.
&gt; Burr believed The Mandalorian more closely resembled a Spaghetti Western than a traditional work of science fiction, saying: "This isn't your dad's Star Wars". I disagree. This absolutely is my kid's dad's Star Wars.
And like the body of the dead hooker buried under the basement, it'll haunt you every time you walk past it.
I don't know if it will help, but you can be frank with the agent. Tell them you've got the money and are a serious buyer. You're not interested in having your time wasted, likewise you're not interested in wasting someone else's time. Give me the price, give me the address, give me a time to inspect. Agents are suffering as much as sellers are right now. Don't bullshit them, but don't let them get away with that bullshit either. edit: FWIW - I put an offer in at the start of March. It was below the advertised range. Told the agent it's in everyone's interest for him to put the offer to the vendor and clear the sale, COVID-19 is about to hit hard. Helped that the vendor had 4 other places for sale, so I got lucky. For every house you lose by not playing into their game, another one is waiting in the wings.
I had this happen with my ex-wife. I was dropping the kids back to her at the former matrimonial home and she asked if she could ask me some questions about how things work around the house. I replied: No. She then pushed the point and asked why not. I replied: I'm not comfortable doing that and I'm not your on call consultant to show you how things work. It ended with her storming around the house, throwing things and yelling at me. The next day I got an email from her reminding me that the therapist told us "harmonious parenting" is what's best for the kids and I caused a conflict. Fuck that, fuck her. No. That's my answer.
God damn it. I understeered, then I oversteered and now I have to straighten up while I go right over it. It's the ol' measure three times, cut twice and it's still short.
God damn it... that was smooth. As smooth as the sand when I looked back over my shoulder and asked Jesus, why is there only one set of footprints? and he replied, it's because you died, motherfucker, turned into a zombie, then traipsed down the beach like you were in some damned movie.
I sincerely hope you included the "lol"!
Oh dear. Now you've piqued my interest. Surely you have a link to it?
Ten years? Everyone's thirsty for a dollar, I guess. The youth group I once attended got banned, in perpetuity, from a camp ground after tying one of their own to a chair and spraying him with a fire hose.
It's interesting for the first iteration. After that it's tedious.
But we're only truly free when we're faced with constraints.
Know a guy who works as an FA on a private jet owned by a single owner. Works ~4 months a year and is paid a full-time annual salary, but... never knows when he's flying and can be called to be in the plane within 24 hours. Flipside, he's flown US to Australia to check out pelicans.
Fair enough, I do tedious work and enjoy the meditative quality myself. Except, I do it on my own time as a down time. Someone paying me to do that? No thanks.
Bah, don't sell yourself short. Do what you enjoy and enjoy what you do! Go get 'em. edit: This sounds condescending and that's not how I meant it. What I meant to say, unequivocally, is I respect your opinion and offer my encouragement in your pursuit of happiness.
This trope is tired.
Well, I do remember my mate telling me a story about the time he was a media monitor and had to type up a report on an interview with a farmer talking about how he upped the number of bulls he collected semen from each day by sticking his arm in their rectum while masturbating them.
:) Have a good night, I'm signing off to drink a beer, watch a show and hit the sack. Planning on trying the whole Dave Goggin's 4 miles every 4 hours for 24 hours starting tomorrow night.
Nah mate, she can figure out which light switch turns on which light, or read up on how to clean a pool much like I did, or ask her boyfriend.
&gt; going to starve/get-evicted Check. The site has crumbled under load. Hm... and the government wonders why people don't trust their ability to build software/systems.
Was going to suggest check out your state's flower. For SA, the Sturt Desert Pea is a particularly striking flower.
An echidna, a wombat and a platypus walk into a bar...
&gt; If you lost money/didn't make money, I'm pretty sure there is no action needed from your end. It certainly is worth logging the loss. You don't get money from it, but it will roll forward and offset gains in future years.
