LUL
Da fuck I was chall doe rip
I agree with the first, but he did get plat 1 or d5 with me coaching his mf But yeah giant is pretty bad lol
Truth hurts lul
2016 when mf adc was meta due to BC. Literally would ask me shit for like 10-20 mins every hour lul. Then he likely dropped since gs stopped playing her
Honestly iirc it was P1 or D5, but I was also coaching for money back then so I may be getting confused. He did gain a lot of elo 1 tricking mf that's for sure, how long tgat elo lasted once he stopped playing her idk.
Ye. I just didn't know the fucking name at all, only remembered the start. Korean names are weird, either some random shit like eye water, or just fucking jaedong. It's an enigma.
For people who don't know who sideshow is, [here](https://youtu.be/xcfT4QukzVs?t=14s).
eyewater is from broodwar or wc3 IIRC. Even then it was an old name a player used before he went pro, fuck me if I remember who it was. I just remember watching an old broodwar tourny and I think... Artosis? Mentioning it as a fun little known fact. Seagull is pretty normal taking in count he played roamer on TF2, boombox I could pass. &gt; Mendokusaii Phrase is: ☆ めんどくさい (mendokusai) means troublesome or bothersome in Japanese. lul And coolmatt is likely wordplay or a reference. It's like Sneaky from LoL used to be SneakyCastro (search it up). Also I just realized from my downvotes that people are really defensive of korean names. Huh.
Dunno about seagull's name origin. His name just makes sense with roaming with tf2, but he's likely a quake player if I had to guess. Overall though blizz subs are pretty aggressive aboit korean things. I've done the same comment before and I normally get downvoted on blizz-related subbs, but upvoted outside. Beats me.
Katha's series and 8it come to mind personally. There are a lot of good ones on the movie vault and phantasy's last stand is pretty good.
Thought the enigma part made the joke pretty evident. :(
Range will always be stronger if both are on similar power levels. It really is just strong in general.
[?](https://plays.tv/video/58d198c75536b39ab3/8-?from=user) Overall I haven't played Evie since she went out of meta. I am a comp player after all.
I used to be really well known for my Evie back when MatchPoint was still a thing, she just comes and goes out of the meta every once in a while. Also idk if you were arguing against it making her OP, because I remember fighting a lot of people about that. Fuck that projectile speed buff was insane.
Well I finally got payed after a year a few hours ago. So there's that
Tinfoil as fuck lmao
But can it do this?
1.6 is a literal ball of fuckfest and bugs that magically makes one of the best fps games even to this date. There is a point a bug becomes a feature tbh.
Panic button with pretty shitty animation. I hate shit like that.
because battle royals are actually fucking fun. Also constant fighting with little depth is just boring. It's like a even more dumbed down version of HOTS, what the fuck is the point at that point, rather make it an fps so at least it takes skill to aim.
Now if they get a blast player they would actually be able to win against very top international teams
Fuzzy has never in my fucking life done well in any blaster. It's not to throw shade to the guy, he just never does it. The off-chance we see him on drogoz he heavily under perfoms then goes back to hitscan. Nocturns doesn't have a blaster player. Everybody knows this.
Isn't junkrat mine damage being nerfed for this exact reason? I wouldn't put pharah on it since she can still be bursted down, same with hog. Issue witg junk is that it's also burst damage, while not having to decide to use it for mobility or damage since he has two.
&gt; I'm not sure if there is sexism or not, On really top, there is not much honestly. Girls do tend to drag a team down though, but with coaching this could very likely be solved. &gt; If she wasn't good enough, just say it Issue at hand is that the article is shit. There are no fucking sources what so ever. I can't trust jack shit on an article if there are no sources. Even the answers feel incredibly out of context. Get me the full context and I'll go ahead and blame them, but for all we know those "answers" can be derivations from a big idea and those are just some of the side worries. Wouldn't be the first time that happens when it comes to this issue.
Kotaku in a nutshell really.
Get coal bag for blast furnace fucking asap. 10 hour grind to get that shit and you also need it for money making. Agility and questing shouls be your next focus.
Doesn't this just expose issues with the maps? A lot of heroes have gotten reworks from since the game first came out. It wouldn't be a stretch to say a lot of maps need changes.
Cs and csgo are not the same game. Also I wouldn't say that OW requires more teamwork than csgo. Csgo isn't only about aim.
We will likely go back to lucio and moira will take mercy's place. That or a trifecta of moira zenyatta and lucio
Don't forget irl banners There is one on time square which costs like 1.2 mill to 2 lol
Dunno. I checked today and it wasn't there, but it was on the first day.
this is legit what we would have seen on 2007 if ds2 was out that year. lmao
Fair enough.
What do you want to know? You've comed here before, but both times you answer some stuff and say you're listening to the concerns of this sub too, but you haven't really asked anything for the most part. Also for specific people on this sub. As far as high-rated players, me and /u/CRITACLYSM are the highest rated players on this sub. Master + for both at peak. /u/GiantR is likely the person I know that knows the most raw information of LoL out there. I don't play anymore though, so crit and giant are much more up to date now. So the question arrises again, what do you want to know? What feedback are you looking for?
Zen's weakness os his poor healing and low hp right now. Mercy just combos so well with him. Moira idk if she can cover that well. Also what the fuck is happening with the fps drops. From 120 stable to 40 for no fucking reason.
&gt; You don’t have to ask questions to learn. I do agree, but you can always learn more by asking. Most of the sub isn't really hostile towards riot employees (think the evidence is in the pudding on this one) and I think you're the third riot employee to comment here. Pretty interesting all things considered. Now, brace yourself, because it's 5 am, I just got some water and I'm coming fresh from fucking blast furnace. This shit will be long, rambly, likely messed up beyond belief, but with actual fucking heart. [Here's my op.gg](http://las.op.gg/summoner/userName=MoonDawg1) and I know crit will hate everything I have to say because he hates adc with a passion, but fuck it. Around the end of season 6. I used to be an ADC main, so it goes without saying that I heavily enjoyed the mechanical aspect of the game. Little by little a lot of mechanics on ADC started being removed or dumbed down (QSS nerf is a prime example), which heavily started to remove a lot of the fun. Then we have the issue of the (back then) really bad balancing of the ADC role. You've likely heard it several times in the past, but the issue was that each time a new meta came around, the meta adc's for that specific meta would be HEAVILY nerfed, then the meta would go away and they would never come back until the end of the season, or the shit going full circle. Now I know other roles do suffer from this, but ADC suffered the most out of this, which leads me to the next point: The removal of ADC characters from the role itself. Varus, Corki and Graves come to mind. Graves was some of the most fun I ever had in league, which even showed in my winrate since he was the one I most threw with by just going fucking ham and seeing if I could survive. Anyways, the role is already some of the least diverse role in LoL, be it from raw character numbers or actualy playstyles. It just beats me why this ever went through. The adc patch, what a joke... Then there's the part of just feeling like a second thought. ADC's and support mains specially a lot of times just feel left out back then. There really wasn't any interesting content for us (and honestly, there still isn't. The content itself is just stronger, that's kind of it), both of this roles are just popular for their mechanics and that's kind of it. ADC's feel worthless without their butt buddy (GOD FUCKING DAMNIT THE KALISTA CHANGE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH) and the same for supports, which I heavily disagree with. Now, I know this would make them incredibly overpowered in pro play, but this feels an issue with how the game itself was designed and not the balance. The lack of any real options in-game makes it hard to ever really stop a fed ADC who is being massive protected. and this leads to the next point. There really is not item diversity what so ever. Now, I don't really care about the build path, but I want my items to feel interesting, not just fucking stat sticks with a half-assed passive like what ADC has now. This is why IMO the QSS nerf had such a massive backlash back then. The item was just fun, it was (and still likely is) the most fun item ADC has had for a really long time. Then we have the reward vs difficulty. ADC is fucking exacting and due to it, it can be exhausting, so why does the reward feel so shitty? So many times a mid laner who was under 3 kills could 1 shot me (lul leblanc meta), or a fed top became a raid boss who would never fucking die, or that jungler became an assassin for no good reason with no kills what so ever, while adc still needed the entire fucking team. It just never felt (and likely still doesn't) feel rewarding to do your job well on ADC, what feels rewarding is the mechanical skill itself (which is why I think vayne lucian and ezreal are so popular). This doesn't change even when we enter an ADC meta, because most of the time it's your team doing the job of just protecting or heavily boosting your ass instead of you managing it yourself, and let's not even talk about an adc being camped early, that's another ball of shit. I feel like this is a specific problem of ADC and support due to how dependant they are from each other, you really never feel like you can do much when you're not with your fuck buddy, while then you see another lane, see that their mechanical and positioning skill needed is much lower, but then they 1 shot you as fucking malphite and your perfect kitting or flash or even dodging goes to shit. So fun having a leblanc land 1 click based combo and doing half your health, a malphite ulting you and you not being able to do shit, ziggs throwing infinite Qs and landing 1 on you and doing half your health, a lux E doing 1/4th or even 3/4 if fed, rengar 1 shotting, and bleh. Just feels like an insult at that point. I don't know if it's the same anymore, but back then it felt like between D4 and mid masters there was a heavy lack of ADC mains. I think it has to do a bit with this point and the stat sticks part. What made me win a shit ton on ADC was just playing around my team and being able to just stay alive instead of my mechanics, which is likely why there was such a big gap (or at least it felt) back then. So I know this shit is heavily focused on ADC itself, but I do think it creeps into other roles pretty heavily, specially on builds. It's just that ADC is the most aparent version of it. Almost every role has a set item patch for each champion which is the most optimal, with most of the time just changing 1 or 2 items max per game on really high elo. ADC pretty much 9/10 went the same shit regardless. So now, why did I play ADC? Because it was fun. League has a heavy focus on its mechanics, I think the new champs are living proof, most have like 5 fucking passives and several different things inside their kit. This is what League is good at, but League isn't much good outside of it, which is shown by stale metas on pro play and macro plays that you need to be on a pro coach level to understand (love the prediction of 6+ minion waves from SKT and basically their strat of all 5 waiting for power spike before shitting on people and avoding every single engage better than other teams lol). Which goes, why would I choose another role, than the one that has the most fun aspect of LoL at its very core. ADC is mechanically difficult, outside of that there isn't much to do. But this is the truth to most of the other roles (except jungle! jungle is actually pretty good, just don't fuck with their items so much lol) except the other roles have SOME macro play. Jungle is pretty good, mid has some roaming elements, top has some presence with TP and a bit of jungle control, and supp can either do whatever the fuck or have to sit his ass on bot, kinda depends per game. But they never felt unique or fun enough for me to ever care about them. As a side note, jungle is kind of an issue towards balance, he's either a roaming ward or incredibly strong, this is just an issue with jungling from it core since he either starves or he doesn't due to its nature which is evidenced by the ludicrous amount of item reworks they've had. Now onto the pro scene for small regions. There really is no reason to go pro when you're from a small region. Small regions don't have the income to pay you well, your streaming income won't be enough to support yourself and here's the big one **you don't have any realistical chance to grow**. There is no push after challenger, there is no push after getting on a semi-big team. No NA team will pick you up, you can't go and try yourself due to region lock, you can't have an impact because your region is looked at as less due to being small, you just can't do shit. Then there's the heavy lack of small tournys that have any cash prices or, well, anything at all. Just for you to have it in perspective, I've made more money playing on a high level over at Paladins than I ever did in all my years of LoL. The money I have from LoL is from coaching, that's it. Then there's also the abuse or negligence smaller regions suffer from Riot. Riot las at my time didn't do shit for the pro scene, same for latan (which is why SA has such big dramas regarding pro teams in the past) and from my knowledge BR. Riot TR bans people for no reason and the recent likkrit scandal puts even more shit on the table. Then we wonder why fucking OCE pros get banned for elo boosting. It's because half this fucks need it to actually put food on the table or just justify their time spent into the game. Scouting grounds was even more salt on the wound, but this time for EU as well. Why is it so important that where we are fucking born limits our conditions on a fucking online game, and not even naturally. There's just so much shit to talk about that I can't even think about because of the hour. But I think I can summerize it with this. From my POV, if the mechanics aren't selling you LoL and you don't mind 3 important things, a skill ceilling, a social activity and likely having to find friends, why would I play LoL over Dota? I don't play either now a days, but It's always been something on my head, and to this date I can't find an answer. Everything wrong LoL does, Dota does it right while also respecting its community and that's something that I just can't ignore. If I wasn't such a "loner" I would still be playing LoL because my IRL friends are there, but I've already lived half my life playing my games with people I find, so it never was a priority to me. I think this it the case for several people and why LoL is so big itself (pretty obvious honestly), but it can be so much more. btw fuck the grind. That's all I could think at this hour. If you actually read this entire shit then props, because I can't even see the letter well at this hour. So what I wrote is what you get.
Every role is mandatory though
Yeah, but it doesn't help there's like, what? 16 adc characters? There is a lot of shit they can do with the role, but even on the update ment for them they didn't really do shit. If anything they fucked up the role. Also if you read my comment it's not about adc being meta or not. It's about how it it feels and some other issues. Also about how stale LoL is outside of mechanics which is also pretty true.
If he wants info out of this sub then he should ask for it. The rest he asked when and why I quit and I answered.
It's weird. I think it's also hopelesness. Don't know exactly how to fix this issue, but it's a common thing I heard from my time of playing, just a lot of people either don't know how to express it (like me) or can't just correctly pin it to where it is. Also items. I really wish items did something more than boost stats, only supps get something semi-interesting. There is something about LoL's balancing, patch cycles, mechanics and just raw feeling that just doesn't feel right. Now, LoL isn't suffering from playerbase obviously, but I do think there is something that could be improved there, but without numbers I will likely never be able to correctly pin it. Also please, for the love of god, pass the message over about the comp scene side. I know it's not your job and you're likely just 1 of many people, but fuck me, the comp scene is likely one of the most dishartening things of LoL for anybody who actually wants to compete.
Would still tap it
god fucking damnit dude :/
Not everybody wants to doe
selling fire
That's listening to the community but being retarded about how you fix the porblems. lol.
It's pretty insane to me that COD is used as a bad example now a days. Checking out Battallion 1944, so many people won't play it because it plays like cod 4 promod mixed with cod 2, but people are ignorant and think anything cod is bad, but don't remember COD 4 surpassed 1.6 as an esport before activision killed the game. Rip
Lmao valve radio silence. They likely won't do shit.
They honestly won't do shit. Also as a side note, I'm fucking excited as all fuck for battalion 1944. I can't wait for february to come. Even upgraded my whole setup for it.
Wat.
idk went to my local pc store today and they were watching csgo instead of ow. csgo&gt;ow lul
I've never seen league get 2M concurrent. Could very much be possible, just haven't seen it. Obviously I know the 64M is overall.
&gt; There is a small discrimination. When a grill ends up in a game, it's rather two reactions: a) Go to kitchen, dumb bitch monkaS (no offense to Bdawg subs, but stereotypes) b) Oh, look, a GRILL, let's follow and do whatever she says, and therefore literal pussylicking goes. And if you're a guy you're told to get cancer Really both sides get shit regardless. I don't think this should be an excuse for lack of top level female players.
Read through the entire thread since I'm downloading shit. Yeah. They are. The few that don't are just based with the same argument that women get harrassed or some invisible boodyman that keeps the women outside of the pro scene. There's really not a single girl who is good enough to be on any top tier pro scene. T2? Yes, definitely, but t1? Fuck no. I still don't get the harrasment argument though. There are girls who grinded out to T2 so that already proves there isn't much of a gap there and guys also recieve a ridiculous amount of shit and we've had 16 year olds become pros at this point, so time spent in games is also not an issue. Don't know why people still fight this shit at this point. Esport is about connections, skill and merits, not about having a vagina or not.
yup. I wanted to upgrade from my 1050 and then saw the prices and my jaw dropped. So I decided to go full out on my cpu upgrade regardless of bottleneck and wait for gpus to drop. Going from a fx6350 to a ryzen 1600x is night and day, holy shit.
I guess. I'm just waiting for either bitco crash like last time or next gen coming in and shit like the 1070 being sold for dirt.
both of you are acting retarded regardless.
&gt; since you've done it twice now it's "moral", not "morale". "morale" is how someone or a group feels in general I know the differene, but I've been just typing out shit in less than a minute and had a morale talk a few hours ago. &gt; and I know it's easy to dismiss it as just "reddit" but words have impact whether you mean them to or not It's just reddit. If you let reddit offend you then there's bigger problems that we're not responsible about.
Ti sells really quick regardless of location though. It's always hosted somewhere different. I still remember reading /all about the 2gd incident and even called it early lol.
Not only that, the friends feature are taken to extreme and only pushed more the more LoL moves forward creating pretty massive peer pressure. There is more shit, but these 3 are the jist of it.
But the us has been spending billions on education, but single mother hood, gang related violence and killings on the black community have only gone up, not down. There is something else, which at this point I can't see as anything but cultural from the info I know. It has only gone up inatead of down, it honestly makes no fucking sense. So many more ethnic minorities have gone up (asians and jews are good examples) and succeeded while blacks still suffer heavy in disproportionate amounts. Oh also on education, blacks have preference in the education system because they're under represented. No idea what else can be done at this point. Not to only point that the US is one of the most economically mobile countries in the world. Really I wouldn't know what else to do on the black community to fix the issues.
Hate speech laws are pretty ambigous. I honestly wouldn't want them on my own country. They are just too fucking easy to abuse by nature.
I mean, this is how the world works really. Most people don't give a shit about the truth and onyl want their own views to not be challenged. It's a free market and the free market is representative of what people want. If people wanted truth, we would have more truth focused things, but globally this isn't really the case.
&gt; -always subscribed to a gaming subreddit, usually overwatch or fortnite Jesus christ this one is so true.
Reddit is pretty left winged overall, or at least it looks like it. Imo it's because of the downvote feature. Differing opinions are fucked in a few seconds and shit just becomes circle jerks.
&gt; Who gives a fuck? Because equality can be theoretically achieved in very different forms and each wave had a specific idea of their own on what that meant. I'm all for equality, I think anybody civilized is. The topic at hand that is important is how you reach that equality, which is why we have such controversial topics now a days that used to be set in stone even as early as 2010. Any who, I do understand your point. I just do think it's still important to clarify on where you stand in feminism, since saying you just support feminism can give off a different idea depending on the person you talk to, since what is feminism to me, may not be feminism to you. Shit, some may even argue we're on a 4th wave of feminism, but that's a bit too debatable.
It depends on who you talk to in all honesty. People aren't really going to approach you to talk about how much they love trump since people tend to be a lot more vocal about shit they don't like, specially with something like trump. 3/4ths of a uni class of a friend is pro trump, but only some of the 1/4th talks about it, just like a lot of other political shit. Your own views and content will also be takrn into count on who approaches you. If you express more anti trump or more left wing views in your content, you will have more people of those views approach you. Dunno, that's my view on that.
Medio meme wn
Everything becomes boring really fucking fast, it's fucking annoying.
Dmx or 2Pac for authenticity if I had to guess. How many years has dmx been in jail now? jesus
That or make sound and not be able to cancel them until it's done like tf2 does it. Third person is too fucking strong.
Personally for ars I use the aug a3 for bigger maps and the famas for smaller maps or smaller angles. Famas has enough ROF to contest smg and the aug just has really good fucking range. I personally prefer clear sight on all my weapons (the one that lets you see through smokes is also really fucking good, but I don't have it unlocked) since rifle scope feels wobly and spotting shit in this game is a crapshoot at times due to colors blending a bit too much. Dunno, what you think?
Snipers aren't a problem. Netcode and damage drop off are the problem.
Cod 4 promod and cod 2 which were the prominent scenes before they went full console banned all streaks. Streaks and snd just don't mix. Too much free info with not enough counterplay.
&gt; Ranked is pointless. It's a corner camping fest and if a team rolls 3-4 snipers there is zero you can do. Sounds like an annoying round, but also a pretty easy win. You do have utility and ways to annoy snipers other than just kill them, you also have positional preference due to them running snipers and being slower. Slower round, but overall easy if done correclty. There are some maps where I can see it being complete cancer. Specially the one with the rocket moving in the middle, forgot the name. &gt; at least to a lot of us tryhards in ranked. As we move forward we will learn how to deal with them better. Imo they're on a good spot right now. It's just AR's that need a small buff and we would start to see snipers bieng more contested, specially since the dev mentioned bigger maps coming (which thank fucking god)
I just want them locked with sound, that's all.
Ye it will solve the sniper issue. That being said we need some bigger maps so we can have a bigger difference between ar's and smg's on their respective roles.
well 1 of this guys is worth more than like 100 pures in raw gp, so getting even 1 kill would be pretty big lol.
It depends. If they wanna go comp, then for the sake of competitive integrity one of the genders should be dominant. If not we will have people just running 1 character or banning the op ones later on. That's why things like csgo just stick to 1 character for the most part.
Yep this guy is right
Realism isn't authenticity, don't confuse them. Regardless, yes there were german girls in the frontline, but they didn't even make 1% iirc. Historical accuracy is an excuse to not include women when women realistically didn't even make up 1% of the troops. I didn't claim authebticity, battlefield did. Now why weapons aren't as offensive is down to tree main reasons. 1. People are not nearly as informed about weapons in ww vs troops 2. Suspension of disbelief is easier to hold if they look like they fit 3. Girls were presented as pandering and on ways that even now a days eouldn't be allowed.
Most girls as guys don't really give much of a fuck about character. It's normally people who take gender as their identity that really care about this. And weebs.
Buildapc is better for that. Anyways it depends. I think you also need to uograde mobo with the new i5s, can't remember right now since I'm sleep deprived af. If you need to upgrade mobo then no, ddr3 is not working. Get 16 gb of ram though, highly recommended imo.
I would honestly still recommend him 16gb or at least some shit like 12. While ram is expensive, you need to control so much what you do to make 8gb work well. Over here I can go over 8 just playing sometihng like ow or some shit. With just chrome, wallpaper engine, steam and discord opened I'm already using 5 on windows 10
Dota also has a lot of abilities outside of qwer and a lot of people don't even use qwer. Also voice comms affect this shit too. Overall qwer is better for LoL, but for Dota full names is better.
&gt; you brought up CS as having 1 character. It doesn't. It has very clearly distinguished models for each side. They have the same size, animations, hitboxes and general colour, but they're different. So there's no issue. Let me tell you why it doesn't work on your context. They're the same model for everybody in the fucking game. It's consistent. Maps are based around them and so is clarity. That's why it's not an issue in cs. &gt; e models already get colored depending on the team, so as long as they are the same size (wich the female ones are for sure) there is literally no issue. Same as CS. Consistency is the issue here. Pick model depending on map and make it annoying to see, have different sizes, or anything else and you get an issue that in all honesty shouldn't exist on higher levels. Now why is this not an issue in something like OW or TF2? They're used to identify the character, over here everybody is pretty much the same shit. &gt; There's no reason "one gender should be dominant" in comp, as you say Gender being dominant is a pretty normal issue for fps games that allow for female characters. Females tend to be smaller and by nature harder to spot and shoot even if they have the same hitbox. If they're the same size, then whatever gives more advantage will be dominant later on. Give a red outline or something to spot different models reliably and this won't be as much of an issue, but as it stands there is none of that. Sarah is already a fucking pain to shoot when compared to something like default or that one black dude that for some reason turns white on the other side.
They are not related what so ever...
AUG A3's range is just too good dude. Fucking insane weapon inside for SnD where range engagements are far more common, but bad ish on tdm. Famas for tdm shit.
A lot. Really, a lot. The game stopped being good back in around mid s5. Most of chall is just people playing because they're addicted instead of playing cuz they have fun, same with a lot of irl people playing because they get peer pressured due to the shitty peer reliant system LoL has created. Then there is sunk cost and so on.
Enjoy league of siege I guess. Gl breaking shit without adc lol
Fuck my life man.
Most companies take almost a year to pay tourny money. The CS and Dota guys specially suffer from this unless it's from Valve. I just find it hilarious it comes from blizzard them self, they don't lack the money or returns from their shit.
I think you could implement some shit from this disc to the official one likely.
Ar: AK47 Scarh aug a3 s...s48ow? Don't remember, but basically the same as scar -2 dmg smg: ar57 lwrc scope: Blaser
1050ti with 1600x. I dip below 100 pretty often ish.
and they didn't make him drop it like the other group :)
I very likely know more about the game than you dude. It's been straying closer and closer to just a shit version of OW for a while now. It got much worse after ob64 and even now it's shit.
tfw cassie evie drogoz andro main. Literally best drogoz and evie of south america in 180 ping and all became boring af
You missed the OG drogoz. THAT shit was mobility. I wish they kept him like that, more CD on jetpack and remove Q dmg buff that he had back then.
[Evie could also do shit like this before](https://plays.tv/video/584563fd46387e6b46/an-example-some-stuff-evie-is-capable-of-?from=user) and so on. There used to be a lot of small things that got removed pass the time on Pals, which is pretty sad. The game is nothing like it used to be.
There's a lot more dude, not just abilities. Any who, that's all really. Only regret I have from pals is not uploading a game I had with hysteria back in the day. Really miss the guy.
&gt; I just assumed that you're an ow fanboy. Oh you're a pro on a game? What game do you play?? Paladins Oh... There were a few run ins like that even at lans. Kinda sad I never got to go to an international lan doe. Didn't have papers at the time. Overall though I do understand. That's why I drive in the knowledge card and pro card so early on, since I doubt anybody in this sub remembers me apart from people like the mods.
Yeah... idgaf honestly. I still got more money in my time playing than most of the south american ow pros LUL. I just wished it wasn't so looked down upon. The stigma that Paladins had at the start really hampered the ability to build a brand as a player and for orgs to sponsor teams. That and shit like this would happen "Why don't you ask that girl out dude?" "I have scrims from 7 to 12 every day and before I have to warm up at least for 1 hour, I don't have the time" "it's just paladins dude who gives a fuck, why can't you at least play an actual game" And so on. Wtf this became a vent thread jesus.
con is stupid in french rip
I would show what should be banned and ban the retard who wants to play lux support for some reason
They don't. The venezuelan president just re elects himself and pressures the rest of the country into it. It's like north korea, but in south america lol.
On the last election? Iirc the last election was even fucking illegal
What
That's a new one. It sounds like your internet is being cut off randomly since that's the sign you get from it
&gt; from SA with 80-120ms ping depends on the day BAHAHAHAHAHAHA I'm Chilean over here. I wish for 120 ms. 180-200 for me, though I don't mind too much. &gt; getting that sign near the end and the game closes because it wants to. It honestly seems like your connection is skipping a beat or something. I haven't experienced that at all unless my connection goes down for a second, which was once. Don't think it's the game more than your ISP right now.
Sennheiser hd 200s over hete and it all works too.
is mr banana man even fucking alive
I got a friend who has less hours than banana man and he has fucking Excalibur prime. Banana man really needs to slow down. Also nekros being vaulted on the 19th. I have no idea how the new void system works pls help
&gt; You can use void traces to raise the drop chances of rarer drops. That sounds op in all honesty &gt; In terms of farming them, consult the wiki tbh. I haven't needed to farm them so I don't know. I had hundreds of void keys that got converted when the system got changed, haven't even made a dent yet. Fuck. You lucky cunt. I had finished all my grinds before the rework and barely had any keys left, lmao.
Yeah I used a lot of my keys back when Ash P came out with his fucked drop rates. Sold a full set day 2 or 3 for 1k plat and back then that was a pretty decent amount. What even is meta now? I still got my 6 soma P and lex P and carrier P, but no idea what is actually good anymore.
Wait... A Vectis??? The fuck? Since when did that shit become meta, like it's good no doubt, but meta? Huh... A lot has changed huh. Honestly, can you give me some good meta weapons and wf I can grind for to get stabilized in the meta then go for the fun shit? That's kinda how I always do it, but I'm so lost now a days on WF that honestly your recommendation would be a huge time saver.
12 hour difference... As down under as it gets really.
Lmao fuck
Why are smokes not used in comp right now? i've found some inmensly useful smoke spots, but never see them being used much.
&gt; TFW you're too dumb to realize that other societies in the world have more then two genders. How is this an argument.
People just realized it was pretty much a scar but with a bit of a better 1v1, that's all.
smgs are already relatively weak except for more specific maps. If anything they need a bit of a buff.
Trap mobility is low
Ehh... I'll take fun gameplay over diversity any time of the day. Played a few games of LoL to try out the new meta. It literally just culminates to bruisers built with more damage onto wet sponge fights and a shit ton of siege that takes years to break without top tier coordination. It's fucking boring.
Mate... Do you know how hard it is to change netcode...? Snipers are also on a pretty good spot right now and the more I play the less I see them as completely overpowered. I don't really think you understand how any of this works...
If they bought cod they won't likely play a cod clone. Console community is an enyire different beast to pc
... connectivity hasn't been an issue bar really select amount of times, neither is ttk or snipers. The only real problem you have pointed out is netcode and that shit is not easy to fix and your recomendation is to shut down the game until it's fixed for some reason... If anything I'm surprised you didn't mention actual issues like ranked being bugged on eu... The new updates have been pretty decent too. Netcode takes a long time to fix (not even AAA titles nail it for a long time), specially for a smaller team. Do you really expect a game not to decline after a big surge of popularity...? What.... Regardless, if I had to guess the game is likely sitting on 7-10k which is decent since this game hasn't had any marketing and it's not even on steam for now.
&gt; definitely think there is a high probability you are harboring some subconscious sexism though LOL
Most of my games are around 25 to 30 kills, haven't seen a cheater yet
It's been declining overall, but I doubt it will die any time soon. I think people just will get bored eventually with the repetitive nature of the game once they're each a good skill level. I wish the game had more building options or different materials or something. The building aspect is genius, but as it stands it feels pretty meh since the meta has been stale for a while now. Also build fights after a while get pretty boring due to how the same few techniques are used each time and it becomes an rng fest after a bit.
I still have both of these games. They're so fucking good.
That's not his money.
&gt; I was talking about casual mode Yeah, that's my casual KD. I haven't really bothered with rank right now
tfw hirez and independent tournament managers have payed me faster than blizz. LUL
Even with standard it takes fucking years. For fuck sake, we payed full price for a game to grind out a core aspect of the game-play. Fortnite does it for free, dota does it for free, POE does it for free, warframe does it for free and so on. Why the fuck a full priced game from a triple A dev makes us pay for a fucking necessity. Look, the game is really good, but the business model is fucking atrocious.
&gt; The fact that you think Quake is more difficult and challenging than fortnite means you are a very mediocre shooter player. ... Ever tried CPM? Look, fortnite can be hard, but calling it harder than Quake is a very big stretch. Fortnite would have never become popular if it was harder than Quake.
I don't play any of the three. I literally just came here since I was afking nmz on osrs. Regardless, it's a pretty big oversight to say that drake didn't have a huge impact on the popularity of the game. Him playing it made SEVERAL people play it, shot ninja from being around 20k give or take to over 100k, made celebrities feel comfortable on saying that they played the game and so on. He is a huge reason on why the game is popular. Bitch still playing border patrol though
I am part of the ak 47 master race. Best ar for any situation and the range of the scar and osw can go suck my dick
Turn down your sensitivity jesus
Dude I have no fucking idea honestly. I'm not the event organizer. That's just the only reason I can think of about while doing a philosophy essay
I agree with this, but why post this here? Also weapon balance is kinda subjective right now
Pretty much. Unless we get brigaded people kinda hate this shit
There is a nade lineup from A bomb to B bomb, but I can't find a good way to make it insta explode. rip
There's actually a few spots were aug is insane. It's just about messing with range really, but it does shine on default from the heli spot
Tfw cod used to be respected. I agree on netcode making it none-competitive right now, but laughing since it's an old cod clone is pretty moronic really
This... This is not reslly how it works my dude... I commend you for your efforts doe
Fair enough.
It has a pretty good business model right now. Better than LoL or r6 that's for sure.
If you get so offended by that then you likely need a psychologist.
Nice
Kid may be innocent or not. He may even be just somebody hitching a ride. Issue at hand is that he was on a car that was suspected and visible evidence of being in a shooting and he was treated as such.
&gt; It doesn't really matter what the crime he's suspected of is. He's suspected of it. Not proven guilty of it It does completely fucking matter. If you don't take precautionary actions towards this type of situations, then a shit ton more people would be fucking killed in the daily. Confirmed car of an earlier shooting and visible bullet holes not to mention the guns found in the car later on. At that point the police HAS to treat you like a felon then you have the chance to prove your innocence later on like the driver did. Every situation requires different actions. If it was a normal police stop he would not have been shot for fleeing. When you're dealing with potential shooters, then rules are different.
If cops don't out arm civilians then how are they supposed to deal with criminals? You're not gonna deal with a guy using some shitty 9mm when you have a taser. You become useless and special forces are pretty limited. This happens on Brazil actually, and crime has pretty much taken over the bloody country.
tfw 2 pug posts are on the frontpage You should add it's EU. SA players like me are kinda fucked there.
&gt; Judges and the court of law decide who is guilty everyone has the right to a fair and speedy trial. Again, you can't get people to a court if they run 8) &gt; BLACK BOY in the back 3 times. He shot him to kill him not to stop him. Pennsylvania and Pittsburgh are very racist areas. Give me recent factual examples of this and I'll agree with you. If not it's worthless. Again, this thinking kills people. Stop using skin as a weapon. &gt; That cop was just sworn in a rookie cop. With 7 years prior of experience my dude. You haven't even informed yourself past reddit... &gt; He could have shot him in the leg This... I... Look, you likely live in the US. Stop at a gun range sometime and shoot an actual gun and see how viable your statement is. But a hint is that it's likely going to be much harder than you think. And before you say anything, hitting a running suspect with a taser is not a viable alternative either... &gt; There's literally nothing you can say to make me agree with you. Then why are you even arguing with me? It's obvious your sentimental about this and can't see past your own opinion which you yourself have admitted, then why the fuck are you arguing? &gt; It's about time cops get charged for murder and held accountable. ... But they do... Jesus christ please actually inform yourself of your own fucking country before having such strong opinions...
I'd imagine there are NA players. Are they palying on the EU server for the pugs though?
Yeah still kinda fucked rip
I just want a br in first person that isn't pubg. Why the fuck is every single company copying the third person for no fucking reason
I agree with you to some degree. I play on NA with 170 and get a pretty good KD and shit, but EU gives me 250 to 270, so I doubt that is playable even for this game.
Jesus christ heartless... You honestly know jack about shooters dude...
... Makes it pretty sad that you don't even know how to clear a room properly then. wow.
3 months is nothing dude the fuck. Several payments can take up to a year when it comes to tournament money. Even more when you factor in the living place of who has to recieve the money and how much money it is. Shit isn't so simple and an online international tournament like dmm doesn't make shit easier. Source: Personal experience. My current pc is payed with tourny money and so has been other shit.
You're ignoring 2 crucial fact on this. The games you mentioned have the ability to solo paly and give a lot more player freedom. This makes people aslo take the game more seriously. Throwing is not much of an issue in CS or LoL, while in OW you see it once every two games past diamond. The games also have good ranked experience when compared to OW. On LoL you have roleQ and on CS you have rank systems outside the game where you can push your shit further. Even more CSGO has started to use a prefer system over a year ago like Dota does, so yes, reporting doesn't ban players, but pairs toxic players with other toxic players. OW takes fucking years to do anything unless you type kys in chat.
[idk I laugh at shit like this](https://np.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/8tls18/in_light_of_the_mc_incident/e191v2p/) Also MC is Bulgarian, right? If so his family likely suffered in ww2. Priviledge and nazi on the same line. What a day to be alive.
It has no acceleration. UT had acceleration iirc, but I was a quake guy. Problem is that no acceleration is a horrible design for games like this, but it was implemented so people felt badass and the game felt "hard". Remove acceleration and the skill floor decreases substantially.
Fined and apologized. Is there anything else that has to be done on this?
Also the name
No fucking way... Where in the catacombs? Literally don't recognize it at all.
Tell that to top teamd lmao. They are op. Not for the reasons people say, but saying they're not op right now is a straight up lie.
w0w
Fyi payed characterhs are not allowed in comp play. Also why not Sarah? She's the smallest by far
I don't even play Dota, the fuck you talking about
..? What are you even talking about...
fucking dethroner I swear lmao
Don't they have a higher suicide rate than jews on concentration camps? At that point I do not believe is due to how people treat them.
Eh... Culture can be a thing, definitely. There is also the aspect of black teens being killed at a much higher rate than white teens, which iirc the teens years are pretty big on the suicide statistics. Dunno, there's a lot of shit that can be put on this.
This sounds like gay people before it was more widely accepted. Even then their suicide rates where never as high or even near what the transgender community suffer from. The suicide rates are too high, there is no deying it from any angle you can see from it. Also from the studies I've seen on the suicide rates, while family support does help, the change is not drastic. If you can link some with reliable sources, then I would more than gladly accept it for the future.
You can goof around and be cringe as all fuck. Which yes, this skit was cringe. You have to also take into account this isn't for them, it's for the audience.
From what I got is that it's fine to re-map it, but not have it be different. So just spamming it will be fine just like it was the last year
I've only seen 1 cheate rin around 50 hours. git gud LUL
What is lag
Where are you from? It depends heavily on that imo.
If you limit it to a managable level then no, you can deal with ddosing. Runescape is the only game I've played in my life where the scene has such a big issue with ddosing.
For normal gameplay, sure the lag isn't noticable, but I doubt it on a 1v1 setting where every tick is very important, then the ping increase does matter. Even more, looked it up and Mika is Eslovenian, his ping increase would be fucking insane and idk how good 4g is over there tbh lol
dont doss me
That being said, it is Jagex's responsability to have a system in place to handle ddosing during tournaments. You know, like every other major tournament organizer?
Look, we can debate for endless days on what he could have done, but the fact is that Jagex should have a tournament structure that can realistically deal with cases of ddosing and cheating without much issue. DMM is not this. DMM as it stands is just massive clans feeding a few people and hoping to get to the 1v1s and win by rng while every high profile player has to hide like a fugitive or be part of one of this massive clans in order to have a fighting chance. I understand you enjoy the sheer scale of DMM, but I can't see how Jagex has the infrastructure to support this type of thing and seeing the evidence of every single DMM of people being ddossed in 1v1s and perma death stages, I just can't support it. We need a new tournement system. And we need something that isn't BO1 where rng determines the winner via fucking veracs.
&gt; Also I don’t really watch any esports but do commentators usually clearly root for a specific team / player like they did for manked? Just seemed unprofessional Comentators tend to have thier favorites and be biased to some degree, but nowhere near to the degree that Jagex does. There are also different types of commentators who fill different roles while the game is going and after the games or matches. Jagex comentating is pretty meh.
wtf this article is lower effort than archyes's posting history here on dmr
I still remember people defending the clusterfuck that was release FO4. I swear companies need to fuck up MULTIPLE times before the general userbase starts seeing the shit that they actually do. It's insane how much shit a lot of people can stand and defend. Even now there is people defending the crapshoot that is fo76...
Mobility is fucking shit right now. Yes sometimes you run faster, but overall it's bloody awful.
Mobility right now is fucking awful in general my dude. Running faster is useful, but not much. Are you seriously going to compare runing faster to old propel drogoz, old mobility maeve, old roll cassie, old andro dashes, ruckus triple jump and so on?
Pretty sure most of my points can also be applied to pre ob53 iirc. Andro dash distance nerfed, drogoz propel was a thing pre ob53 I believe, maeve no idea about release but she has been gutted over time and old roll cassie was better pre ob53 with a second difference instead of two. Ruckus was a turret though, def. Bk poppy, grohk ult (it bugged somewhere between ob48? and was never fixed there after until his rework, that is why he was so slow), remember buck getting his jump nerfed somewhere along the road, Evie literally having all of her mobility cards nerfed and speeds nerfed, ying tp nerf (though im ok with that), jenos dash nerf and I think at one point makoa or nando's dash was better, but not 100% sure. Mobility has been nerfed a bunch across the board. Their reasoning for the last really big mobility nerf (androxus 3 separate dashes and so on) was because it was not fun having to look up. I still remember that dev stream and I'm still salty as all fuck about it.
It went down in history with the other whinners in the hole.
It honestly isn't. This shit happens a lot for higher level players, even more when the game is so pubstomp heavy like BF is. It's 1 or 2 really good player vs 30 headless chickens most of the time. At least near release date. That being said shroud does have insane aim, but it feels like this sub likes to jerk at every single decent highlight he does. It's kind of weird honestly.
Tbh though rust is one of the really few games that honestly makes you feel like this. The highs are fucking insane and the lows are ridiculous too, but the lows normally don't feel like bullshit since they come after heavy HEAVY fighting if you're on the later stages more than just getting fucked without anything to do (unless you're getting zerged obv). Dunno, rust is just very fucking rough, but at the same time it's really fun specifically due to that.
I never denied that he isn't a high level player. If anything I emphasised it. The clip itself just isn't really good honestly.
Def. It's a weird low though if I'm honest. It's not like OW low where you just fucking hate everything. It's a low that you're just sad or something. Then you rebuild and shit is fucking amazing again. Also interacting with people randomly can at times be fucking hilarious.
&gt; 90% of the fun is making a character that clears content. For me the fun part is trying out new builds and some that are fucking retarded, but somehow work (lmao worms). Theory crafting is fun, and I do it, but it's not my main focus.
Pretty much. It is hard, but nothing out of the ordinary for the context of high level. You can have really good aim with much less hours though, but having a consistent flick heavy aim style is pretty nuts. Now this made me wonder, how many fucking hours does shroud have in fps games? wtf.
OW seems filled with that shit too, or the moral highground guys. &gt; SHOTGUNS/RPGS/GRENADE M60 and carl gustav on bc2 lmao. &gt; lmao and yh its 99% a picture of that grave thing, some soldiers face with blood all over it and a cigar in his mouth or just some girls arse [normally this type of shit](https://cdn.iofferphoto.com/img3/item/534/790/005/xj5Upin-up-wwii-army-military-at-ease-sir-nudes-blonde.jpg)
On his prime his aim was insane imo. No idea now a days.
There is more, but the jist of it is that no one on the scene has a single idea of wtf is happening or will happen. We're all in the dark like the rest of the community. Ex envy included. I'm not surprised about it thougj. I do wish ppl didn't bring in massive orgs and it was mostly just self-made or teams that are in smite.
&gt; Furia Kindle Soul cooldown reduced from 5s &gt; 4s Well Furia is likely back on the meta. Can't see her blatantly winning a spot over damba or ying, so it will likely be down to teamcomp... Which is actually good. Woo.
Just move it somewhere else and have it be late honestly. Obviously give the money back to all the tickets sold and I think we're early enough so people don't get fucked because of flights?
I mean if there is anything riot does really well, it's their art and music side. Let's be real here. Most of their shit is ridiculous quality on their own genre. The song is catchy as all fuck even though I hate the lyrics lol.
The extra credits in right now is pretty moronic. It needs a rework in general. I've hated it since it was implemented.
Syphon is the best ability in the game and killing him is near impossible without his entire team wiped first. Every time term has been unbanned competitively he has dictated the meta. This included pre-lan meta where he was first pick or first ban. The reason teams went into qualis without a single clue about the meta is because he got banned.
If fortnite had a FP mode I would play it so much. It's not like they lack the playerbase to actually fucking do it
Being an osrs player has really jaded me towards this type of shit for some reason. Insane hours put, but fuck, then I look at agility and cry :(
east side best side you fuck
Because she factually is? Hell, you can even look at the last lan for confirmation. Lmao
This is the most ghetto ass shit I've seen in a while.
Wait... That's korean? For some reason I didn't recognize it what do ever. Ye I'll be sure to check them out. Always fun to learn about the scene of different countries
I got some 58x's over here since I'm more into rap myself. Good purchase my dude, completely fucking worth it.
You're on the other side of world. Honestly I don't give a shit about european geography as a south american, and if I gave you a map of SA or I asked you to name all of the american states then you would be just as lost. We're both irrelevant to each other.
I hear jack of EU unless it's something somehow related to trump. A lot of states are as big as countries though, so imo it's fair game. Shit like france poland germany italy are obvious, but I won't crucify people for not knowing where other shit is
I'm literally south american my dude. EU and NA both don't really give a shit about each other when it comes to countries. Your countries are their states in terms of relevancy in the minds of the avg person on either continent.
idk about you, but I'm happy about the cheese burger I used to buy csgo on sale.
the minor side is bigger (like a fucking ton), the pro side is smaller due to gaming houses and shit.
I think tedious braindead gameplay can be decent if done correctly. Imo OSRS to some degree is a perfect example of this. Agility, runecrafting, feltching and a lot of other shit is tedious and braindead as fuck, but they somehow make it feel worth it in the end of the day, which is beyond me how the fuck they do it really. Also how everything on that game helps you reach your ultimate goal and every step feels like an upgrade regardless of how small it is. I still remember my first d scimmy
The one time I went to one I had a fucking amazing time. It's honestly the exp of a lifetime if you're new and completely worth it from my pov You just suround yourself with people who have the same interest as you and due to that interacting with people and doing random shit comes naturally
C9 stays relevant by memes and really good branding.
Buy out a comp scene instead of having it grow naturally? Honestly not that amazing taking in count how much money has been used lol
Just add fall off to his reload from the middle. Atm it does base 1k regardless of the place and that's honestly what is busted on that shit since the AOE is bigger than makoa
Andro skill ceilling is still high af. Skill floor was lowered heavily though, that's the real difference. Also, can we [please talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNK-aMpLXHo) about the [no regs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDGvy8nLSbc) on punch and even at times [on fucking shots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozPp4ZIuIAc). It's getting annoying. And I thought I was going to lose my mind about my direct hits on blast not doing even half the damage on moving targets, jesus.
That shit was just bullshit
Honestly I can't talk about this shit which is annoying. Money is not the issue though, the issue is other internal shit.
Formidable is shit because of how long the cd is. Fireball is good due to damage stacking. Spamming Q every 4 seconds for how long unkillable takes to recharge nets you around 1100 dmg. With stacking which is obligatory for a good fernando it likely goes over 2k or even 3k on insane rounds. I'd rather have my tank be aggro with kill potential while still being able to tank than a shitty version of inara or terminus.
He got popular off pubg for being the only decent player on that game at the time. Just like Ninja, he got lucky as fuck. There is nothing wrong with that. Thing is that shroud is just chill which is the reason nobody really hates him. Ninja is pretty annoying.
Popular in CS? He was known, but nowhere near as much as other players. He did indoubtedly get lucky. He got in the BR hype on its explosion on a game where most players couldn't even run and hence he was one of the few streamers that were also decent at the game.
He had nowhere the amount he had during his early pubg days. He did get a massive boost because of pubg and that is honestly undeniable. He was popular in csgo, but not a star like other pros.
You're not giving me any reason on why he would be popular regardless my dude. H1 never had the playerbase and FN is about building, not aiming which shroud is fucking awful at. Again people don't watch him because of his personality, so I heavily doubt he would be this popular without his massive boost from pubg
... No way... This has to be a lie
For csgo? At times yes. For pubg? hell no
It seems to be third parties from my experience as an SA player. We got a good third party now and that fixed all the issues with pricepools being paid on time.
You
Faker last time I heard has around 1.5m-2m salary without counting sponsorships and shit. SKT really want him. His rumoured salary is around 2.5m
Just censor it but don't put in on our version. Like nearly every single game.
The cow to surpass all cows.
Pgs. No NDA, even for LAN I skipped signing one since I was sick as fuck. And it was just corruption from part of lvlup latam. I'm tilted up to this day, but if you weren't one of their favorites you were most likely not making it through to the end. Also payments were taxed so incredibly hard due to their incompetence, jesus christ.
Completely understandable and wish him the best. Hopefully we have him back when all is fixed
MOTH META FOR 8 MONTHS DOOMFIST STILL NOT NERFED NO RANKED SOLOQ IN THE GAME NO REPLAYS NO MATCH HISTORY LACK OF INFORMATION MONTHS PATCH CICLES WITH SHITTY CHANGES and so on really. I'm salty af about OW cause it could be an amazing game, but jesus christ blizzard is TOO FUCKING SLOW AT EVERYTHING.
Epic doesn't give a fuck about their comp scene. This isn't the first time they do this shit. My guess is that they just use the comp scene to demonstrate the WACKY and INSANE things they add because building is fucking boring and confusing to watch when the zone kills more players than players themselves. They don't care. It's just advertisement.
He makes them look like the fucking best thing in the world. I don't smoke and likely never will. But seeing his reaction to some of them makes me wish I had some. It's insane.
I mean og wc3 on turn ratea, wasn't that shit there just for realism? It later became a balance mechanic on dota and shit, but originally it was just kinda there. I'm not really an expert on the topic though.
... And so league was born Also you don't even try and fight the reason that I said turn rates were first implemented in wc3. The fuck my dude
... You're arguing shit that I haven't even brought up LOL Yes league was made by people who did dislike some shit dota had. No, I never argued about player number if it's better or who switched at that time. I never even mentioned it. What the fuck are you talking about lmao
I'd like to imagine personally, but if anything blizz's history of balancing on any game is kinda iffy, specially during that era. Iirc turn rates were a popular mechanic at that time, so it wouldn't surprise me if they were implemented for that reason
&gt; First. You are trying to spread the missinformation that turn rates where just in wc3 and dota used it. No. I said why they were first added to WC3 to my knowledge and then said that they became a balance mechanic when Dota came around. I never argued for them being annoying or bad. &gt; Secondly you act like LoL was created by people who didn't like the game mechanics that wc3 offered which is also bullshit. If it was bullshit then they would have copied the mechanics over. You could argue incompetency when it came to coders at that time, which would be correct taking in count the horrible coding base league has, but there are several mechanics that Dota has that LoL doesn't for a reason after all, and one of them from my knowledge is due to the creators not liking them, which doesn't seem that outlandish taking in count they went and made an entirerly different game based off Dota. &gt; The autistic design decisions came later, when they tried to recreate dota they made it dota like and they started removing game mechanics later. Yes they removed game mechanics as the game went on, but things like turn rates were never a thing from my knowledge.
Now th eonly thing that blizz honestly has is OWL. They straight up put all of their cards on that one game, didn't they?
From my hots exp masters is laughable. Idk why people say that proudly :/
&gt; Look up almost any gaming stock and they are down. Nintendo is way down also. Stock market in general is down actually. In general, yeah. Companies with recent fuck ups have gone down massively though. Nintendo did also start their new fee so I wouldn't be surprised if that also has fucked them over. &gt; Why would CS not be over DOTA 2? Because in avg Dota is still higher than cs. This is without counting China. Once China gets included on steam (which seems to be on the process of happening) then Dota will explode in player numbers since it is much more popular than CS. &gt; Even steams own tracker shows CS above DOTA and why would Fallout 4 be on there? What? That's current players. Your list was avg pc games. Also if ARMA2 is there, then FO4 has to be there since on avg they're a game nearly twice the size. &gt; It is not just teamspeak. There are many other apps they get analytics from as well. Did you even read what I quoted or shit, even the article itself? I'll do it again for you the ranking is based on the millions of PC gaming enthusiasts who use **any of Overwolf’s in-game apps**. If you don't use overwolf you don't count for this list. This is why teamspeak is such an important thing on this shit, because TS is the only big third party voIP service out there, and by coincidence, they advertise Overwolf a fuck ton. &gt; Gaming analytics is literally their job. Sorry, but I am gonna take their word over your personal feeling of how their games are doing. You can literally check the fucking numbers on steamcharts which end up contradicting over half your fucking list dude. They even say where they got their stats from on the article itself, which is the reason for the heavily skewed results. Holy fuck
idk OW is trash. I just bought a 1070 lul
Eh. A lot of the really competitive people get fucking bored being top 1, so when somebody challenges them or they lose then they start having that fire in their ass again that pushes them. Competitive spirit is not really a thing when you dominate for years and years. It becomes just a daily routine.
Why is he a bad dude? Explain please
FISTO
If he was there for a year then it was completely worth it for him. Likely can pay for uni with just the base salary.
Oh I'm already at it. I can't control my own foods at the moment since I do live with my parents (just got out of highschool like a month ago). I'll be looking to get a job after I rest a bit from school since it's something I've hated for life. I took the year off to think wtf I wanna do and will use it to lose weight and get in shape + learn more about myself. Portion size and the times when my family cooks is honestly what fucks me up the most. My family makes huge portions and my dad usually cooks really late at night or really late at like 6pm since my mom doesn't like cooking much which means more rice and shit (I do cook for myself now though, which is one of the bigger reasons I've lost weight imo). But already lost a lot so I'm going down a good route for now.
&gt; You could use a food scale for an example and get a slight idea of how many calories you get in. My brother currently does that and has dropped alot of weight. Forgot about food scales for some reason. I've been cooking for myself (even though parents do get mad at times) and that's how I've been losing weight. Maybe if shit gets done at a decent hour I can use that thanks for the idea my dude
Yeah. The rough part for me is just knowing it will take me like 2 years to get to my ideal weight. it really isn't a nice thought lmao
Think you're confusing faster arrow speed with faster shooting dude
what the fuck will they even do? spam his twitter for a day? lmao
they're not autistic enough to become 4chan weaponized autism. It's literally just a bunch of teens raging on twitter outside of korea
Yeah it's like people forget cassie has been shit several times before. Overall the reason she's been a decent pick for more times than others is just her kit being versatile. That's the big secret and that's completely fine. I don't think a character being overall viable is bad lol.
&gt; Tyra for example has been in the game for 2 years and only has had a couple patches where she was considered a very niche pick. At that point it's not cassie's fault imo. It's more those champions kits being at fault. Most flanks are shit since they can't work without any money or have incredibly low mobility. A lot of dps are shit since they have very low mobility or their dps is not enough. Tanks are normally what dictate who is viable in the other categories. If you really want a culprit of stale metas on other characters then look at them, because if mobility wasn't so abusable by tanks we would see a lot more shit.
Zhin talus and evie are all viable flanks my dude. Andro is not the be all end all on flanks. He needs space and a team to work around and some maps he's just shit. Also tanks are the counter to every dps. Flanks are moronic in the sense that they are not meant to kill dps for free, but ment to rotate and secure shit. This does not line up with their credit gain system though so they become starved off creds which is the reason a lot of other flanks aren't viable.
.... Even that got a second removed...
.... And blink range has been nerfed by over double and so has soar speed...
Yeah seems like they changed it. First time they announced the change it was 70%
how fucking viktor and kinessa reveal cards were broken lmao. Jesus christ that was a fucking hilarious time
I know he's right when it comes to evie bieng viable. It just has nothing to do with his original argument, that's why I ignored it. Her soar movement speed should be buffed back imo.
&gt; I have seen Drogoz players from brand new up to PPL level do this a thousand times, it isn't preferable, but it is an important distinction nonetheless. Yes, but you still lock yourself out without any reward. Khan is secured 100% and uses that entire time and doesn't even have to trade. Khan ult is honestly just blatantly better to anything else which is the biggest reason he's viable next to flexibility. Khan is an ult bot with a kit that is carried by damage and invulnerability. &gt; I don't know how to explain this to you any further, his ult does charge slower than most ults, it has nothing to do with "fucking up hard". Mate this is happening on even ppl scrims. Khan just does a lot of damage and farms ult like crazy. &gt; This patch nerfed it, but ultimately didn't change that fact. Not sure why you are mentioning it as though they made it a more important ult. Nerf? The change was a buff. Biggest downside to khan ult was the limiting range and now that's gone and even gets more damage (which hopefully we will see it reverted). The guy only got buffed and all the meta changes just favor him too. He's going to be better than makoa which is just fucking stupid since makoa is already broken.
They are literally fixing about the shit you're crying they're not fixing. What the fuck else do you want them to do? Give you a blowjob? Maybe some tea? Like the fuck dude
&gt; Yeah how dare they reuse something they've worked years on to build upon and create a large scale MMO with a pirate theme? Why the fuck do people use this as if it protects the devs in any way of the backlash from releasing unfinished, overpriced copy-pasted garbage. What the fuck.
Wait, people are saying he was nerfed? The changes to him directly were barely a nerf, lol. If anything he just got buffed in his loadout (ignoring old brand and old inmovable ofc) and the entire point of scorch is not the extra dmg on the first player, but on the second and to shutdown chokes and that was completely untouched. Tanks still define the meta and nando is are strong as always. Torv though. Torv is fucking ridiculous.
It's the reveal ciclejerk all again. It's people having no idea how overpowered tanks are that mostly cry about this. Tanks define the meta and have been doing it for over a year now. Damage meta is literally just an answer to what gets fucked the less by tanks. If tanks weren't so overpowered we would see a lot more diversity in the game in general.
Because honestly most people in the west don't give a shit That's good.
No. If anything we're going into a 2 healer 3 tank meta. That's pretty much how all scrims have gone. Yes you can get caut and wrecker, but that doesn't matter. Deathball is just too strong. And even with caut 3s on deck it's still stupid strong since most of the tank busting shit got nerfed with exception of bk. Expect to see a ton of bk next patch. Really overpowered champion as it stands, but on the next patch it's going to be even worse. There is a lot of shit changing, but the combo of wrecker and caut won't do shit since that just means tanks can also abuse other items even more.
... All of the burst you mentioned has been nerfed... We haven't even been on burst meta for months now...
There is a VERY big difference between him and andro. lol.
That's still insane damage for nando. Honestly I don't understand how people haven't realized how overpowered tanks are at the moment. it's like everybody ignores them for some fucking reason even though the meta is based around who gets the least fucked by them. Nando needs nerfs, torv will need nerfs asap, makoa needs nerfs, ash will need nerfs after those insane buffs, khan will need nerfs inara will need nerfs and so on. Tank as a role is completely fucking busted and nobody even talks about it...
Because he's shit. He always was, but before he was annoying. He has no mobility, heavily unreliable damage and is easily countered by anything with any semblance of mobility and heavily bullied by tanks. The issue only comes when you just stand in a zone for too long (unreasonably long) which seems like half the people that play this game do from my smurfing adventures back in the day.
&gt; If your team is stacking that much I'm not sure what to tell you besides maybe funneling 3 people through a choke is a bad idea This is the thing and why nando is such a strong character. You HAVE TO funnel people on chokes in this game to win. You NEED numbers priority in one of the flanks. Nando punishes this because of fireball, with or without scorch he would be viable. Not to mention he's still one of if not the best user of master riding in the game. &gt; Nando is also losing his ability to chase kills with Hot pursuit's change. Which is fine. He still has dash speed and now will trade it off for heavy amounts of sustain. This can arguably be a buff depending on how the meta evolves. &gt; made terminus a non functioning character Term is still fucking strong. Why are people saying he's useless? Have people even tested him on the pts? The piece of shit is still incredibly strong, you now just can't be fucking braindead about it which is honestly fine. You know Term would be by miles the best tank in the game if he had all his bugs fixed? Syphon is just that strong. Term is the ONLY tank in the game that is equally as good as an off-tank as when he's a point tank. He's arguably the most reliable and flexible tank in the game. His issues are bugs and that he's just a syphon bot. &gt; I don't think they're the best class They are the class that defines the meta. Damage heals and flanks all revolve around tanks as the game balance currently stands and the reason is because of massive HP pools with massive damage with insane flexibility. No other class can do the same. At the same time tanks are arguably the class with the highest skill floor which imo is the reason people don't realize just how strong they truly are. Edit: to finish this off since I'm off to sleep. The only thing that can stand up to a tank in this game currently it's either a torvald boosted hyper carry (torv is another can of worms) or just another tank. Nothing else can stand up to them. Tanks damage is low on paper, but high in effectiveness for several reasons. A tank's damage is worth more per hit than all other roles
Because syphon countera the entire cast. He's the only tank that can flex fron point to off and his stalling power is unlaralleled. The guy needed a nerf, but people don't really seem to understand his actual power. The 3 secs may be a bit too much, but a nerf was needed somewhere. That being said he's less braindead now, so fuck it I'll take what I can.
Ult eco is not really a thing now. It's just dragon eco.
hamster, you can tell by the red around it. It makes sense as a spam sleep to catch him off since there were 6 secs left, but it just ended up getting the sombra by chance
Same
She's a pretty good pubstomper. A goos tank player fucking destroys you, but finding that shit in your avg game is like finding a unicorn
golds mean something when they're the only fucking stat you have 8)
There's also a chance that he's just more comfortable now a days. XQC iirc used to be really fucking shy, maybe he's just coming out of his shell? Who knows. I'm not a psychologist. Just another rando.
how do you get that flair :(
I swear most people would have one if it wasn't so expensive. Most people want a sex toy, but most are just afraid of admiting it imo.
Yeah, but chess still has a competitive scene :(
That's still overpowered
The inkball is too overpowred. CC has to kinda stay the fuck away from damage classes or be in a reduced state. A blind on a simple ability is just too bloody strong. It's also the reason imani is so fucking strong right now (basic ult and frost bomb) Work something else with the squid. A blind even if it's just 1 second is a bit strong on a damage dealer. Honestly I think dredge needs a rework in general since spam champions don't really fit this game.
The high alch without runelite is a predictable pattern where you only need to find 1 object to know what to alch. It's really easy, but idk where I left the screenshot I used at the time :(
And she was still a staple even during dive meta since she can kite all of those characters for exception of Widow. The only real counter to a widow in OW is either the map or 1 shotting her. This is not really anything new though. Ow is shit either way so w/e ayy.
idk it just looks... boring... It's the 100th widow clip with an uncontested widow shooting at people who are forced to be out in the open since shield either died or a play has to be made and she just shuts them down with the enemy having no real way to answer her. It's just fucking boring when the shooter honestly has nothing to worry about
Punch range is the range of andro's dash without distance cards. Also they mega nerfed andro. rip one of the few mobile champs left :(
Most of his bugs were caused due to syphon not having a cd and now he has pretty good sustain on cards. Truth is Term without bugs on THIS patch is better than makoa without a doubt.. Likely the best champ in the entire cast and it's all due to how overpowered syphon is if played correctly. Even with the 3 sec nerf Term is still incredibly strong and well above viable in competitive play. You just can't be as braindead as before.
Yes. By half.
not good enough when fall-off is so heavy
It beinga 7500 sponge is fuckig insane. Just push in with dragon and it's an instant wipe either way and if dragon's not killed then that's 30 secs of choke zoning for free :D
Oh shit that's nice to hear. I remember when his disc blew up and I was becoming budget vigor on there for some reason. Happy to hear you guys are doing well, hopefully it stays like that
people over here just use it to buy drugs
It's the revolver damage. Abyss forces you to play mid-range for incredibly long times which is something that new andro honestly can't do. Specially vs the meta that is coming up. It's also nowhere near as good as punch since you can't instant dash after Q, leaving a pretty big window to be 1 shotted which is easy due to andro's low hp pool. Andro got gutted and he has no good legendary now. Punch damage was an issue and honestly so was the mobility, but in the end I'd rather have more mobility in the game. Let the pro's deal with that one imo.
I mean, just grab a decent player and you're golden. I did the grind from masters to GM in a day without loses. Just take it seriously, abuse op shit and you're good to go. One of you HAS to be a good tank player to do this though. You can't stomp nearly as hard without a good tank player. Personally I just did it with pule.
wat
over half the cast is zoned by frontlines. Frontlines dictate the meta by who gets the least fucked by them. That's how the game has been for a few months now.
Welp, onto waiting another 5 months. I still wonder how people come up with this shit. Any eta or just clueless?
... anigga?
Understandable. Shit will still take long till the next chapter though rip
16? the fuck. Idk dude I just finished 15 and went out with friends got high and here I am now at 10 am. I have lost all count of anything
scr.cr for movies my dude. If it's not there then you do your thing.
Why would he have to respect the culture of the server when the server itself is founded on the ideals of no rules While I don't really play anymore, I never really understood this argument. It's anarchy, do whatever the fuck you want regardless of what happens, isn't that exactly why people play the server in the first place?
Shit greek made me start too when I needed that bit of motivation to start in my own journy. I'm currently on 192 down from 230 and not really stopping any time soon. For all his own faults, greek has had a positive impact in general, at least for me and I will for ever be grateful about it.
League has the issue that they don't go full pro or full casual We're stuck on this semi-pro bullshit where riot wants every champ to be near 50% wr and leads to some ridiculously overpowered shit and the snowball meta we have right now Dota IO can sit happy on a 35% global wr and still be considered a strong pick. League has the potential for the same, but riot refuses to. It's stupid imo.
It's one thing when a retard laughts at another retard, but when a legit 5Head laughs at you for being retarded... That shit must hurt lmao
you're using free shit or shitty paid bots that are over saturated. that or you're botting incorrectly
holyyyy shit where the fuck did you even find this
holy shit betrayal is fucking amazing
are you fucking retarded, that's the sell price not the buy price jesus christ
I hate OW, you know this, but I'm also pro fun over balance Lucio made the game more fun and he was an interesting character overall even if he was blatantly overpowered. Shit like mercy, moira, brigette, dva, etc. are just a fucking pain in the ass to play against and make the game worse
because not everybody can do a 6 man 24/7 or have people to fit their own agendas. Remember that the 6 man system REQUIRES solos to actually work. If everybody just tried to do 6 mans 24/7 elos would be heavily inflated and q times would be fucking insane for any decent sr levels. OW has a design flaw of being too team dependant which spreads over pretty much every aspect of the game.
one of the big issues with goats is just how overpowered tanks are in general, even without heals. The combination of gigantic hp pools, strong reliable damage and best aggro ults in the game is too much. OW has always had issues with tanks because of this. AOE healing nerfs would make a new rotation of supports and likely gut most of the support pool. You need something that can actually break how incredibly overpowered defense is in this game without an ult and I thinka healing debuff on damage like TF2 is likely the solution combined with nerf on ultimates across the board (supp ults are only so overpowered because tank ults are just busted). There are core issues with how the game works which lead to this type of metas. Solving them means changing how OW is played down to its roots, but I think that would be a worthwhile trade. Right now the game is just designed so you never feel at fault and always feel like you're doing something regardless of how bad you are.
I don't think you will ever be able to balance a 1 shot headshot gun in a hitscan game. Snipers historically on any fps game have always been busted, but came with massive drawbacks in other areas. Widow has everything for free and also has mobility. What do you even lose by picking her? Her ult is rather good and makes the entire enemy team predictable. You may lose some overall dps, but she can 1 shot through heals, what even is the point of something else She will always be either overpowered or underpowered depending on meta by design. It's horrible. Hanzo just needs a speed buff to his arrows and a removal of 1 shot headshot and go from there
role lock is just going to mean that we will have a 2-2-2 mirror. You really think we're gonna have diversity with something like that? Even on metas that applied 2-2-2 we had mirror comps 24/7 OW is flawed by design and until they fix it you won't ever see any diversity. 2-2-2 just kills any future diversity too. Honestly this game needs draft pick at this point. It's fucking shit without it
Hopefully. If you can't save them then I'm just gonna laugh even harder than I am now at the state of the game. It's a shame too. I'd love for OW to be a really good game because of my love for tf2, but blizz seems to fuck everything up, except apparently SC2 is now on the resurgence since blizz is not touching it much due to OW. What a meme
T500 already has to dip down to even masters to find games after long Q times. Now make this Q only be a 6 man Q and go figure how long it will take. The system needs solos, this is something even league had an issue with and they removed it for a reason. The ranked system in OW right now is a joke.
Yeah Ashe has a lot more room for balancing. She's a pretty solid character overall in design and gameplay, though she leaves a sour taste in my mouth since she was designed to in theory counter goats. I don't understand how theye ver thought widow would be balanced, but then again blizz design choices in OW are just... eh...
This is abusing a mechanic. Ghosting is completely different. One is riot's fault the other one is completely out of your control
This argument is stupid because of 2 things 1. People affected by ghosting the most do this shit for a living 2. Because they do this shit for a living they also can't afford most of the time to have a minute delay due to chat interaction Ghosting is not an issue for the avg player. It's an issue for people who do streaming for a living. This is in fact, a fucked up thing to do, abusing a mechanic is not, the player is not at fault for wanting to win WITHIN THE GAME'S RULES
We exploit bugs on this game 24/7. Regardless, it's not a bug or an exploit, but an oversight from the devs since the afk check is XP an not the player itself just being logged off. It's working as intended, just being abused which I don't see how is any different than any other mechanic in the game
sad lmao
It's meta changes. Ult came back into being busted once again Sivir needs a rework at this point. Or we trade her for old graves
The issue is that bot lane snowball is th hardest snowball in the game. Now this isn't because of adc itself, but because of support. I'm still in the line of giving ADC some more self-reliance and nerfing early game of supports, but giving them some more interesting cheap items that can be used for utility instead of damage. We have some, but they're kinda shit and just built because there is nothing else to really do
If you nerf supports you're just gonna get a useless lane overall. They need to buff adcs early on and nerf supports while giving them utility options so that they don't fall off the face of the earth
Because it's kinda true when it comes to sivir. Every single time sivir is strong is solely based on her ult. She lives or dies because of her ult as we've seen several times already. Sivir is the definition of a stat check for the adc role. Ult is strong? Busted as fuck. Ult is ok? She's shit again
The ashe buff is just kinda there. Not really strong by any means
I don't think her kit is her issue. I think it's just her R like it has always been Nerf her R she will be trash again. I actually think she's on a decent spot at the moment power wise relative to the game, but that's because as you said all her counters are nerfed to shit because riot only knows how to nerf shit
Her ult is still busted strong right now, specially since mobility has increased 10x since season 5. It's again her ult being busted that has brought her back to be the top adc in the meta, but the reason she is allowed to scale for free is because every other adc has been giga nerfed as it always happens. I think riot just doesn't learn that adc adapts to the meta instead of the meta adapting to adc, so we just get bullshit nerfs :(
Now this is the issue. Do we set the presedence that any off-meta strat is bad? Or do we allow this? Imo Allowing it is the answer. I don't thin league should be forever fixed into 1-1-2 lanes and would enjoy some variety or niche strats eventually. You can hate the guy all you want though
How long ago was funnel? Don't really remember it
&gt; 1) in what world is all of Morde's damage in his ult? Should have changed damage into worth of the champion. New morde is worthless on every aspect outside of ult. At least you can QSS it &gt; I don't know how you think the Ezreal change made him more repetitive, all it did is make his W worth something It made his combo become a brainless 1 shot combo with not much counterplay vs the cut-throat trades he used to be forced to do. Hit W, E in and 1 shot the enemy squishy. It reduced counterplay and skill in the champion &gt; 3) Sivir's dominance has absolutely nothing to do with their reworks. She was reworked into her current state when they did her visual update
Has it really been 6 years now? Feels like yesterday. Ever since I started playing their reworks have been ass though, so my complaint is timeless
Press R Bruisers suddenly becomes assassin Repeat until win Jinx range and reset is what makes her relevant next to easy lane since most adcs are shit. Xayah is really good doe
Er into IE is a snowball build and is not reliable outside of that. Her first back comes in at lvl 5 where she should be behind if we had other decent adcs
Flair checks out As somebody who's been chall before and mains adc, cait is hands down the hardest adc mechanically. Draven is hard, but cait is fucking nuts to actually make her viable. Champion is stupidly demanding due to her lack of any decent ability.
planes were prettty op though
he's fucking boring though. at least from my personal exp. Just singing no interaction nothing dude. I got bored af, might as well just listen to music at my home. Likely the worst concert I've gone to in my life out of big names
From my time in exchange I didn't learn that shit over at EU. When is it even taught?
I was studying in craighouse, so there is a chance we just skipped over it since we rushed the PSU stuff incredibly hard so we could start the IB program on 2 medio. Maybe that's why I never heard of it while at school
how the fuck do you figure this shit out
they've seen their favorite company just become another cash grabbing center I feel bad for old school blizz employees
It's true that 90% of bots are banned of tut island, shit even higher now a days. Thing is that the osrs tut island is fucking nuked every single minute with thousands of bots, like a fucking ridiculous amount. I don't think you'll ever get an anti-cheat that can ban that amount of bots, even less when you take in count most of the code base of OSRS is, well, from 2007. Anyways bots are banned in waves. They'll be banned in a day or two
Pretty sure that's already finished. At least prime was last time I checked
I wouldn't really mind if it was banned. Don't think I have ever posted the name on reddit or anywhere outside of discord dms Never botted or rwt with it though.
&gt; So if there are like 400 bots here you're trying to say that 4000 other bots, were also banned? Basically, yeah. &gt; So the one guy doing this runs like 4000 bots? F2P bots are normally just a few people who can run a ridiculous amount of bots for example. p2p is actually not as botted as people think, at least as far as money making goes. Venezuelans are crashing everything. It just looks bloated since one person can reliably run 50+ accs
Try and see if you can even get them out of tut island reliably or keep them up after they're banned overnight
... Did I ever not claim it to be one? I dont get this comment
read it you lazy fuck. It's a great story that takes 2 minutes to read
For people that want to know rw price. 1b is roughly 550 bucks as of right now
&gt; Instead of having 500 people queuing in ranges from 2000-3000 SR you will instead have 500 people queuing in ranges from 2000-3000 SR. No You will have 300 DPS players, 150 tank players and 50 support playes. The overall number is the same, yes, but try and make balanced teams with that sample. Note that most won't even have their other roles ranked most of the time since the big % of playerbases historically across multiple games don't play ranked &gt; Not sure how it works in League as I honestly can't stand playing MOBAs but if someone queues as a role are they not placed in that role? You Q 2 roles out of 5 and if autofilled is enabled (pretty much always enabled even on low elo) you can be placed on a role that you did not choose. Autofills the higher you go are much more common. &gt; If not, what is even the point of a role queue? To have a better possibility at playing what you enjoy. They do not have different SRs and you don't always get what you want. &gt; If 2-2-2 is enforced in OW then you could queue as a Support and bloody play Support when you get into a match and you won't end up in matches with 4 support mains and no tank mains. Point above. It's hell for MM if you do separate SR. Even without seperate SR it would still greatly affect quality of MM past a certain point. LoL struggled for 4 years with that and just now it's starting to be a bit better. &gt; Yes queue times will be longer (especially for dps players) but I'd rather wait 6 min for a match This is the thing. I already wait 6 minutes on my mid diamond acc in south america after 10pm even on weekends for a game. This will just push it even more. Give me a game, because if I have to wait 10 minutes for what will still be a shitfest of a game due to the nature of OW, then I'd rather just quit the game even if I only play it once in a blue moon now a days. My prediction? 2-2-2 lock in comp and ranked will remain the same. Why the fuck is remain getting changed to remane what the fuck
Welp I bid you good luck. You'll realize the issue when and if the change is implemented. Also watch out for the inevitable trolling that will happen if Sr is different from role to role
I know. I'm sadly south american so BR is the best ping I get. 70 ping 24/7, no other option It's fucking sad because the game is lovely. I solo'd into mid to high plat until I just couldn't deal with the ping diff anymore
Pretty much what I expected. Also the blizzard trinity is so strong in their design it's scary. I disagree heavily with so much of their balance philosphy when it comes to their games. Theory is good. Technicality is the issue. I understand their argument for 2-2-2 lock balance wise, but the historical meta issues OW has had just seem like a result of big design issues that the game shipped with. 2-2-2 lock really is just a lazy band aid fix and we will continue to play and see mirror comps. If anything goats beings o big in pro play brought me back a bit more since it wasn't mirror 24/7 and there was more room to play something different and not be called a pro. The ladder will just go back into mirroring comp and OW is stupid toxic from design
Cassio is literally always either broken or shit. Right now she's shit even though she can enter hyper carry mode
The thing is that casting is there to lighten up the game and give a very nutshelly-ish view of strategy and shit that lets the none hardcore viewer be able to watch. Casting isn't there for the guy that has over 2k hours in ranked alone. Post-game analysis is there for deeper views. I think they're likely the best casting duo in esports due to how approachable they make starcraft. I don't really care about all the nitty gritty shit that happens in-game and most people dont either imo.
It was a big factor, but at this point there's more issues inside. Blizz has fucked up every single one of the esports games they've had their hands on.
It's because their spectators aren't allowed the freedom to view the game correctly. It's blizz devs controlling the entire process which is why spectating is so bad.
It's because blizz games are always good as a fast pump and back then we didn't have the diversity we do now. Now a days blizz games are starting to feel more and more generic since we have better casual options as we go. I never played blizz games for anything competitive. I doubt most people did. I played them for custom games and fun a fun story. Most of their games have lost this and now feel like a cash grab combined with a comp focus that doesn't hold up when compared to their dev support.
Flashback to poke on poke laugh
I know it's a meme reply. I'd like to say that peer pressure is not only just from friends even though it's usually thought about that way. Peer pressure can come from several outlets and places. Movies or music videos are a good example. This is tied to deeper issues too. With new years being fresh on us a lot of people feel like shit and worthless because they didn't go party or were drunk/high as fuck by the end of the day. Again I know it's a meme reply, but it's such a delicate topic for me that it's hard for me to not take it serious. I've seen so many close friends get fucked by peer pressure and I've already lost a few :/
I never said that wasn't that case though. Their games STILL have that good old blizzard polish. That's an issue in itself though with their live service games. If you're talking about balance, then that just was never the case. Their games were always just boiled down casual gameplays of other other games. WoW was casual everquest. SC was casual rts games from the time and so on. And that is fine. It's just that we have more options now a days when compared to before with acceptable levels of polish.
god I fucking love that clip
Both are pretty toxic to each other. A lot of LoL players cicrle jerk that they are better than Dota players morally and that their fanbase isn't toxic to the other. Kinda like what you're doing now Dota players just call LoL the casual version of Dota and then circle jerk with master race memes. Kinda like pcmasterrace. Both fanbases are pretty much the same. As far as in-game? Dota is better hands down. Their behavior score system is so much better it makes league look like a joke.
Yeah I'm NA and speak spanish so I usually avoid any trolling from the part of the peruvians lmao I can't talk for the other servers sadly. I have no fucking idea how it's over there If Dota had anything like ADC I'd likely play it a more. Absolutely fantastic game and that client makes me wet on the daily.
do you want a sandwich?... they're hot
Nisiquiera son los colegios. Sali de colegio privado de La Dehesa con IB, diploma bilingue (mi ingles escrito es mejor que mi castellano escrito exdi) entre otras weas. La preparacion para la PSU no es mala, obviamente es mejor. El tema es cuan facil es conseguir la prueba en si en pedazos. En mi generacion sola habian 4-5 profesores privados que TODA LA PUTA GENERACION USABA que estaban directamente vinculados con la PSU y tenian cargos importantes en universidades como la Adolfo, La Chile, Cato, etc. 100 lucas la clase 3 veces a la semana si mal no me acuerdo. Lo mismo para pre-u donde te pasan preguntas actuales de ese año en la PSU y te enseñan directamente como responderla al punto que es casi impossible sacar menos de 600 puntos. Los colegios son mejores, 100%. Eh visto la realidad de otros colegios en Chile yo mismo. Pero eso ni parte la gran mierda que pasa en los colegios privados en cuanto la psu. Es la razon que muchos entran y terminan dando rebote despues del primer o segundo año aunque salen de colegios privados. Despues esta el tema de como se compran las pruebas adentro de la U, pero eso es un problema mas general supongo. La PSU actualmente es una mierda y necesitamos algo nuevo y mejor urgente. Es ridiculo cuan corrupta es la wea
Diganle a mis viejos. Toda la izquierda es comunismo y la derecha es diversa y eso que yo soy de derecha que chucha. alguien salveme estoy chato y los dos son pinochetistas aunque entiendo a mi viejo pero no se que chucha mi mama
Es la misma wea.
&gt; El problema de desigualdad siento que lo han tratado de parchar con el NEM y el Ranking, pero la prueba evidentemente no da abasto porque la educación es muy mediocre El problema con el nem para mi es que vienen en un tiempo donde el alumno tiene la caga en la mente. Realisticamente a los 15 te puedes cagar casi toda las opciones que te gustaria de verdad de estudiar antes de que siquiera lo sepas, una wea que te va afectar hasta el dia de tu retiro. Por lo menos yo tuve un caso fuerte de depresion a los 15 que me duro hasta meses despues de salir del colegio. Me valia mierda todo y solo me queria morir, y ahora tengo la suerte que la carrera que quiero no se vio afectada, pero quisiera algo mas "top normal" como civil en una universidad alta no tendria como, necesitaria casi que puntaje nacional y tenia un 5'9 po weon. Ranking es literalmente solo vs personas de tu mismo colegio. Dependiendo del colegio esto varia mas que la puta, en mi colegio todo debajo de un 6'5 era mierda. Mi ranking valio pico. Peor aun hoy en dia en como la juventud adolescente se esta haciendo mierda dia a dia y despues no van a tener como volver :/
Tenemos la politica de USA. Es Derecha vs izquierda sin casi ningun entremedio. Mis viejos si no es full derecha es mierda. Es la razon que estoy tan aburrido.
Yo no estoy nervioso, pero tengo miedo que alguien trate de hacer algo. bendito rng de la vida real que no estamos en usa o me daria miedo que se metan a disparar wn xd
No wonder he sounded so confident while still not knowing what the fuck he was talking about. jesus christ
every high elo adc main hated tank meta. what the fuck are you on about?
mod Sir Amik Varze lmao
this cunt has like 2k usd just in sweets and arrows what the fuck
AYIZA :(
we should start a revolution
... And ekko cd shouldn't be on a high cd cuz? I'll be the first to admit it. I love playing ekko jg and learned the role with him not too long ago, but he's fucking busted specially the ult. You can just spam it without much issue come mid to late and not be punished. He's too safe for how much hyper scaling he has.
Hash is pretty right on mid being busted and ap items being too strong. Lost chapter alone eliminates a big weakness that most of the class should have before the map can influence mid. Mid is just a straight up better jg role since they're not even as tied to farm as jg is.
There's also the chinese ekko otp that has him be banned pretty much every game against him last time I checked. Ekko is more of a risky pick in comp. You get ahead you straight up win the game, but getting ahead with a champ that is bad in the early game and doesn't have lane prio is a gamble. Teams play to win in the end and have biases on what can work and what can't. Ekko though is a lot more common in the T2 scene iirc. That being said, as a person from the 99.9999999% of the playerbase, I don't give a single fuck about competitive balance if in soloQ this shit is such a bullshit champion to deal with. Also can we start talking about Lee? I know everybody likes to jerk the champ off cuz mechanics, but they guy got overbuffed to shit and needs to be toned down. His base stats are way too fucking high
The issue that you're completely ignoring is not the fact of lulu walking to the turret, but that this is even possible in the first place. There's a pretty solid reason aphelios is a perma ban on pretty much every elo with the highlight being challenger. The champion is busted and it's heavily due to interactions like this.
...? Ekko mid is a gamble of you either win or you have a mid that is worse than the other until 2 items with low prio. Regardless he's a really strong pick and we're a few nerfs away from him being busted. Jg ekko just spikes faster. Mid has always been the strongest role with small glimpses of jg being stronger at times. Mid is a literal stronger version of jungle.
Di lenguaje hoy y me queria matar... Del aburrimiento Ctm quien chucha hace un prueba con mas de 50 preguntas de lectura. Puta la wea fome :(
100% en esto. De colegio privado de La Dehesa. La prueba es comprada al punto que si sacas debajo de 700 eres aweonao, pero es mas cara que la ctm.
Ah. La gran mayoria de los textos no tenian una pregunta sobre el texto en general, pero partes especificas y te decian el parrafo asique pico con todo lo otro. De mas lo lei y solo no compute porque no era importante para la pregunta
Once you're past 3 items he falls off the face of the earth. Nasus is so dependant on trinity spike that it's not even funny. If he goes anything other than trinity he already lost the game
Me fueron a dejar a mi porque coincidia con la hora de trabajo de mi viejo :c Me sali de una del auto y fui hacer la wea solo eso si. Ni idea si es lo mismo
No fui a fisica porque me servia historia y ciencia para informatica fuck
The timing with the army line was impeccable. I actually thought it was part of the mission for a second
&gt; It seems like he will be perfect ADC counter in jungle, which is something that community seems to want pretty hard. But we already have several hard counters to adc with some of them being op in this current meta :/. Don't think the game needs more "if I'm alive you can't do shit" characters.
Ah. Honestly I don't think this will ever be solved without a 0 counterplay kit. Top is just too dependant on item and level powerspikes
The video of that song is fucking amazing
Soy esclavo de meta sirve para llegar a high elo :c
Son super buena onda y super normales o te wevean de aca a marte weon dios mio
Si no es conmigo es contra mi ayylmao
tfw main adc Mobility feels about the same as it always had for exception of assassins. Outside of assassins it feels about the same. In the clip we have 2 assassins. It's ok.
W here. Everything on akali is fine for exception of her W. She shouldn't be able to have prio on everything and also deal metric tons of damage while also having a good lane phase. Bullshit skill
And kaisa/lucian are under 50% Senna atm is strong af. Her lane is incredibly early with decent all in power due to her ability to just kite out engagements. Setting her back due to how safe she is makes it incredibly hard to deal with her. MF is tanking her winrate heavily as with some other popular adc, that combined with her massive banrate. She's popular in competitive too as we saw in kespa cup. Mf can suck it though.
Take a brake because the game currently is decently balanced for in-between play and stomps aren't as common as they used to be. Team comp is usually at fault of stomps, not balance itself.
I think people just suck at playing vs cait. Honestly, the champion is pretty shit currently but it's such a night and day comparison between higher elos (masters+) and lower elos. Her lane is likely the worst out of every meta adc and somehow people still fail vs her. I think the biggest issue with cait is the same issue that we had with kalista when she was strong. People just hate the fact that she can do damage to you but you can't dive her like a zombie pressing W. It's also why Ez is in that list even though he's really bad currently. I'm surprised that leona isn't on that list though. She's blatantly better than naut but it seems nobody even mentions her
The best ad across all elos currently is mf. As far as cait, I'd take jinx any day over her, specially with the new buff coming in. That buff is fucking nuts. Her lane and pre 2 items is just too weak for me to consider her anywhere near the top. She's still insanely good if she gets to late game, but the issue is getting there without being completely shitted on in the early game by any meta supp or adc
Still the best item SR isn't really strong because of the AD and I think it keeps the 25% crit (hopefully, if not this is a hard nerf across the entire adc role). The slow is just too strong and I have a sad feeling that riot will nerf every single aspect of SR before they nerf the slow and then we're just back into infinity first item. I'm sad though. First time we have a fun first item for crit based adc and it's already getting nerfed when mages are allowed to have shit like lost chapter and cdr on zhonyas and you know they ain't getting nerfed at all. ffs.
I just did a comment on why I think her early fucking sucks atm [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Caitlynmains/comments/ep7knu/main_cait_s10/fehsxzx/?context=3) if you want to read it. As far as her teamfight I think that at the 3-4 item range she's still arguably better than most meta adc since she can reliably snipe the backline cuz lul rfc (god I fucking love that item). The issue is getting to that stage :/. The only reason I play cait now a days is to ult akali and qiyana out of their stealths in the middle of fights and so hopefully the 1300 unit long stun from syndra doesn't magically hit me and I insta die. Adc atm is just senna/mf and anything else is trolling due to how busted mid is ever since they're pretty much inmune to JG due to jg xp nerfs. God I fucking hate mid. the role needs a nerf somewhere
He's the best source on higher elo cait stuff. There are better cait players than him, but either their contentent is much harder to understand or you have to pay them
u.gg for literally everything
Ah fair enough. Iirc he has never been chall. His peak is gm I think
Not much range on him. Poke with Q through minions, same old auto close E to proc runes. Glacial build too doesn't really have much damage to speak of, so if you get caged as long as their supp doesn't follow up you barely take any damage. Big cds on him too iirc 7 sec Q, 8 W base... 18? on cage and R is 2 mins lvl 1 It depends a bit on support like all adc match ups, but your ult alone should chunk veig for half hp and every time you have flash up it's kill prio on you. If he ever wastes his cage you can also w+e into him + r and just destroy him. 1 or 2 kills and veig has no way to come back since you at that point can realistically 1v2. My personal preference when snowballing is crit build atm, but botrk works just fine due to its active. It's not about playing aggro or passive either. It's about switching into either when the situation calls for it. Getting kills in bot without all ins is just near impossible in the current meta, passive play and setups for your own support are rewarded over aggro play, so if ever their supp wastes a crucial cd or veig uses cage, you can realistically go in for a trade and play off the prio you got and you can look to all in if on lethal range. On the tenacity rune that somebody mentioned already, I honestly can't really say anything. I've never taken it vs veigar because he's an extremely easy match up already, though it seems like a decent enough idea since lucian doesn't get that much from the others. Hex is worthless though since it shares its passive with phantom, if they're stacked on ap mercs may be a better idea instead of hex.
You try and live lmao. Cait is horrible in lane unless you have a huge supp pick difference, but if they have an all in supp or a poke supp just forget about ever winning that shit unless they fuck up massively. She's a situational bully, so don't fall into the trap of thinking you HAVE to bully the enemy adc Overall just fucking survive and abuse lvl 1 by confronting them early if it's something like leo or alistar. If it's a naut I wouldn't even bother to confront them lvl 1 against any adc. Try and missmatch your minion hp compared to theirs to get free poke on cs. Other than that you legitimately can't do much. Cait is a horrible adc rn for anything early related so try and survive until your 2 item powerspike cuz before that you ain't doing shit.
If you're not playing meta past a certain rank you're pretty much trolling. Few otp champs can bypass this because of just how busted they are in soloQ (talon, kata, lee, riven, etc). Reality is that 99% of the players in this game will never touch this ranks so it doesn't really matter.
counter jungling is strong because it fucks up the enemy routes. Losing 20-30 seconds this season is extremely punishing and that's exactly what counter jungling forces. This is also why most people are starting blue side like 90% of the time
es jugar con los cheats en el san andreas
He's literally shitty darius. the only reason he survives is shield and that can be hard countered by the likes of renekton He's decent, but nowhere near broken lmao
Mate you're legitimately not making any sense. I agree that this may be an over nerf for akali, but your comparing apples to oranges and seems like you don't even understand the basics of the game or balance. Also cait is currently rather shit and so is zed. /u/FlyinCoach Don't even bother this guy is on denial
Become a meta slave. Tbh not much difference
30 buck mechanical going strong for a year now Godbless redragon k552. Best cheapo keyboard I've used in my life. I did change some caps though.
cait op wtf good joke. It's likely something they've been trying to fix for a while knowing riot. As long as the aa cancel on headshots is there idc tbh, machine gun was rather situational
wait so you can't trap then insta headshot? I'm ok with the second headshot not being instant, but the first one should, right?
you could headshot while in GA if you spammed hard enough lmao
They're still going to cry about her. Cait has the same issue that kalista, kaisa and ezreal have. People hate an adc where you can't just press W into and kill them in 1 rotation. But hey mid is completely fine and do never say kat or akali are op ayy
kaisa and xayah are both 100% stronger than her. They are just a bit more team reliant. Shit you can have 3 kills over xayah and she can still run you down 1v1 without any issues regardless of range. Xayah is extremely strong still
&gt; Caitlyn is not a 1v1 champion. Almost every ADC can run Caitlyn down 1v1. Pointing out that Xayah can do the same thing Ashe or Vayne or Draven can doesn't prove anything. Dodge Caitlyn E on almost any ADC and you will fuck her up. It's to highlight her steroid. I'm well aware of cait's issues with 1v1, but you're not giving her enough credit either. Things like xayah just abuse cait's slow aa windup though since sr it has been mitigated a bit. &gt; Kai'sa is D tier for a reason. While Caitlyn is S+. This isn't November 2019, neither Kai'sa or Xayah are stronger than Cait. Not even close Kai'sa was D tier even when she was meta and cait is only S+ on plat. I have no idea why your argument on why the character is better is influenced by u.gg instead of what the champs actually bring into the game. wtf. This doesn't even bring in context skill floor since kaisa and xayah have always been on the harder side of adc when cait is on the lower side
&gt; That is not true, Kai'sa and Xayah were both S tier at that time. If you're using pro guides now out of nowhere for some reason, Kaisa is still tier S and xayah A as of their current tierlist. I was talking about u.gg that is the place where kaisa is D, I'm not aware of any other tierlist that places her on D. As far as kaisa, even when she was S+ on their tierlist she was still a D on u.gg Dude if you're going to use a tierlist please stick to one or at least mention them before. Magically saying she's D now and then with the same source saying she's an S is rather annoying. &gt; If you want to blissfully ignore Tier lists (which exists for a reason) then surely you can't ignore solo queue winrate, Proguide's tier list is pretty good for the avg player, but after after certain levels they aren't too relevant. That's why I don't take them in count much. They don't influence the level of play I usual play at &gt; then surely you can't ignore solo queue winrate You absolutely can. Akali is at a 46.66% and she's busted. Kaisa when she was the top meta for adc usually hovered on the lower 48s and by the end even was on 47. &gt; or presence in Pick/Ban at the highest level of play. Are we talking masters+ or pro play? Kaisa is spammed a ton on both pro and masters+, for pro play it's a spam of kaisa, senna and MF on adc, don't remember seeing anything else apart from a wild varus and lucian here and there, though I haven't kept up 100% to it. For xayah and cait they're both none-existant in pro play atm. &gt; Skill ceiling be damned, Caitlyn is much stronger than Xayah or Kai'sa. Vayne has a higher skill ceiling than Senna but guess who is stronger right now? When did I argue about skill ceiling? I mentioned skill floor, since that does directly affect the plat+ range where you mentioned cait being tier S+ on what I assume was u.gg due to you mentioning kaisa being D.
The convo is becoming so useless currently since we're straying away on why a pick would be better than the other just because of being stat nerds. Why do you consider cait stronger than kaisa or xayah? I consider kaisa and xayah stronger than cait because they deal with the current bot support meta better than cait and have more tools for outplay than cait does. &gt; Unfortunately, 9.19 tier list is no longer available on U.GG. Pro guides and U.GG however always agree on one thing: S+ tier champions.. I mean there is varience even right now. Proguides considers morde s+ when he's D on masters+ or even Dia+ They're never 1:1. &gt; I'm a bit of a meta slave as well, believe me, Kai'sa was S+ during that time. And I check u.gg pretty much every patch for playrates and ban rates. I don't recall seeing kaisa on S+ ever, but even on the furthest back we can go she was D while S on their tierlist. &gt; was clearly talking about Pro Play which is a much much higher level than Masters....lol. Then specify.... lol. &gt; At the highest level Kai'sa is not stronger than MF, Senna, Aphelios, Caitlyn even Varus. I would take Pro Play into account to determine whether a champion is strong before I would take Solo Queue. After scanning through most lpl vods (since qq is a shitfest), xayah, caitlyn and kaisa are all pretty much irrelevant in pro play. I haven't paid much attention so I guess I mixed kaisa on proplay since I'm so used to seeing her by now. As far as proplay being relevant for soloQ, there's several times where champs are spammed in pro and barely picked in soloQ. In the adc role rn we would have varus being the best example &gt; There has only been a single Kai'sa pick in the LPL. The same as Kindred and Gragas ADC. The same as with cait and xayah. a signle pick/ban from what I scanned through, which was around 3/4ths of the vods. &gt; Lucian and Varus haven't been here and there champions Aye my bad. Rather relevant in the meta and are picked if MF/senna are banned, though lucian is a ban target pretty commonly too. &gt; So you must not think Proguides is relevant in this conversation. U.GG says Kai'sa is D Tier in Masters+ and Caitlyn is C tier. Still stronger. I don't think either listing is relevant. Morde is seen as a shit pick when he's incredibly strong as a normal example. I tend to focus more on pickrate and banrate. &gt; The difference is that Akali is D tier in Platinum+ and S+ in Masters+. Akali's winrate at Platinum+ is 46. But since you are fixated on Masters+, her winrate at high elo is 51. It was used as an example. Braum or varus are another example of irrelevance in soloQ vs powerhouse in competitive. Kaisa wr was always a 48 with a 49 hear peak even when she was a powerhouse in competitive though, so don't see much point on that. &gt; Masters+ Good enough pool for avgs and most relevant for my rank. That's all there is to it. &gt; Kai'sa doesnt scale from bad to good based on player skill like Akali does. Kai'sa is just bad all around. And she only recieves play due to her overloaded kit and general popularity. But there is no evidence to suggest she is in the slightest bit strong. This was the case even when she was a powerhouse. Kaisa is a strong pick regardless. [You can check it yourself here](https://www.metasrc.com/5v5/9.19/stats?ranks=master,grandmaster,challenger). Cait had a 53%, much higher than she has today and even then she wasn't considered strong. The higher you went the lower kaisa's wr also got.
T1 is kinda a mix of persona and reality. He does heavily care about the game but he doesn't really insult to hurt you. Moe is just annoying to me.
That and lost chapter. Duo Q should be disabled past D4 I swear.
Can you at least finish the comment chain before saying anything? Zzz.
I forgot aphelios is a champ since he's permad. Lucian is kinda special in pro play vs soloq. Think he's stronger there but by no means weak
Both accs ended masters+ lol.
Usually you get worse teammates when you duo and for the majority of people this is fine. On the top% you duo and the player pool is just not enough to account for this debuff, so it's just even game but now you have people with comms and that have synergy from past duo exp
[Mandatory HD REE post](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3_PPdjD6mg)
I stopped playing around 4 years ago, though I still visit the sub at times due to memes. The game idea itself is fucking amazing, and so is the execution in so many levels, but the deal breakers are just so colossal that I can't take it. Not to mention the extreme amount of p2w in WoT. Fuck arty. Cunt of a class.
The way you buff ADC is just by letting supports store XP on their items so adc doesn't get completely fucked levels wise while not making duo lane on other roles relevant. Give the role levels so it can actually use the expensive items outside of competitive play where they get more funneled than a competitive sumo wrestler Climbing on a smurf while playing mid as an adc is so much easier than actually playing the role where they should be the best. It's ridiculous how much of an advantage levels are
The old reliable buy defense on the role that has the worst hp scaling and base defense in the game. Check mr scaling on adc. Mf was dead regardless of items she built. I agree mf fucked up here, but saying this should be an expected interaction is a big reason on why the role is shit outside of comp in its current state
And I have female friends who have no issues playing alone or in groups It's the same shit as with guys. Some people are just shy and cite other reasons to just say they're not shy for some reason.
I mean it in a more generalist way. It's rather easy to see how you can confuse both if you're just talking about the start in a general way. At least I've seen it happen more than a few times already
He never hid it honestly The sub voted for him and as far as being just a mod, he's been doing a pretty good job honestly
Lmao you sound hurt
lmao
my fucking sides
It's 1.6 with abilities and less movement skill ceiling It's fine. If you don't like csgo's ferrari peek gameplay and enjoyed 1.6 you'll feel right at home with valorant. The games complement each other extremely well.
imagine thinking she would be faking a voice for what is it now? 10+ years? If it was fake once it very well is her actual voice by this point lmao
Yeah she's kinda busted right now. She has everything an entry fragger would want and even more. She'll likely be toned down as we move forward.
I mean you already do this with pheonix. The issue with reyna is that she can get out, unlike all the other entries and has utility for all stages of the game. She legitimately is a better pheonix (since pheonix essentially only has 1 decent ability which is his flash) and takes the spot of jett in off-angles that only work cuz of bail out, not to mention her ult is straight up better than pheonix or jett ult. She's pretty overloaded
I mean. Sage has gone through like 3 rounds of nerfs now and breach is still somehow allowed to be in his current state. She's extremely overloaded atm. They'll nerf her in one way or another
I mean. He posted the same clip on another thread. That was pretty much what was being said lmao
Hallo. Resident high elo adc main that has boosted on 5 servers over here. I've boosted to around masters in NA on 160 ping too if that matters. Adc currently is rather shit. Long are the days where the role has been in a good state in soloQ. The reason for this is because adc is not balanced for soloQ unlike other roles. The role is strictly balanced for competitive where adc is an actual power house due to the insane amount of funneling that is given to it. Jungles, supports and tops tend to be under powered while adc and mid are funneled harder than a sumo wrestler. The role is shit atm. There really isn't much else to it. Also challenger is a shitfest. It has been like that for a few seasons now.
Ive seen cs players bash other games that arent cs so many times I've lost count. This is the first game to try and directly compete with cs though. Anyways I don't really care tbh. Play what ya want, both games are good
IT'S THE WOODEN SHIELD POG
Arg es mucho mas toxico Chile es como aweonao, pero arg es: Buena onda o terriblemente toxico mogolico. No hay entremedio Como alguien que a boosteado en como 5 servers, la peor exp en cuanto toxicidad fue EUW ni por flameo, porque me entretiene eso, pero el monton de afk es ridiculo. Ps: Las mujeres son terriblemente toxicas wtf
Mina que jugado con mina que flamea Es ley.
400dpi and 0.48 here. 0.6 is fine
Actually as somebody who was immortal 3 on the beta playing on unrated rn is a nightmare Everybody is so. fucking. slow. There's several times where my ass just feeds because people enjoy sitting outside a site for 2 minutes all looking at the same angle for no reason apart from being scared. Not to mention the insane amount of stupid shit bad players do Think I've played entry with every single character in the game at this point. I can see how somebody on a higher skill level can die a bunch on unrated
Pretty much. It forces a game with lower skill level and tries to balance it out by giving you shittier teammates. Issue should be fixed when ranked comes out
[Explanation is in the game](https://gyazo.com/987a63f71e54f01fc14822256368dcd2)
Or go the dota route and monetize literally everything but gameplay. Both hirez's way and valve'sway are completely viable, but hey its riot we're talking about. Over 4k hours for every league champ lmao
Games are mixes. Teams have raid bosses that are far above the skill range in the game. Playing without ranked is a nightmare. I dont blame anybody who is doing this farm
&gt; Battle passes have never been about making sure everyone gets everything. It's about rewarding those who put significant time into the game, and to encourage those who want everything without putting in the time to put in extra money. This does not mean it should be grindy as fuck. Several games manage to make doable battle passes while being good value. Why should we not criticize this. Regardless I'm lvl 20 and I don't think my value has been good in this BP. I personally just want the ghost and AK skin, until then everything else is completely worthless and would gladly trade it for xp just for those two weapons.
&gt; -Using exhaust to make them miss a cannon. holy shit my mental
holy shit
Sage is busted. Not a good solo carry, but a very much needed pick for literally all teams just because of her utility. Now do I think this nerf will hit her hard? No idea tbh. It depends on how much 10m actually is
The thing is that there's several spots where the cast range shouldn't matter much, then there's a few that I can think of that can impact it greatly, but those were already decently risky. I think the nerf will heavily depend on the map itself
Manda un video porque suena terrible raro
Character skins in a shooter like this can lead to a shitfest. CSGO and SPECIALLY r6 are great examples of this. In r6 there's several times where I kill somebody and I don't even know who the fuck it was, or in the worst cases, I can't even see them because they're running an overpowered skin. In cs they're banned in competitive because some are extremely hard to see in specific situations There's several things to change and monetize, I just don't think character skins should be one of those. Give me gloves and maybe even character specific sleeves. Those are fucking amazing.
&gt; Oh what do you mean by evolve? Evolve may not be the best word, but how they will change in the future. At the moment you can tell that most if not all the skins in the game are currently keeping in theme with the game of this futuristic, royal-ish type look. It's hard to describe, but the best way I can think of saying it is this way: While the skins look amazing, they tend to blend with one another and I can't seem to remember them on their own as I would with something as an asiimov in CS for an example. With evolution I'm talking of how they're going to change as we go forward and people get more comfortable with the pallet. Are we going to perfect this futuristic style, or are we going to break it in some spots and see how we can push it while still keeping it in taste. &gt; And what would be less playing it safe It goes in line with this comment: &gt; At the moment you can tell that most if not all the skins in the game are currently keeping in theme with the game of this futuristic, royal-ish type look. I personally would love for my skins to stand on their own and give their personality to the weapon. I mentioned the wasteland rebel in my original comment and it's because the skin itself feels like it tells a story while still keeping the theme of CS. They're playing it safe, but still making the skin a really good highlight on its own On the other end we would have something like a Neon rider that breaks every theme in CS, but still somehow manages to stay in taste with the game and not seem like something extremely far fetch. The skin makes the gun scream for attention while somehow still blending correctly with the gameplay, the sound and feel of the gun. If I had to compare it to skins in the game it would be like this: The base prime skin line seems something like for lack of a better word, royalty would use. The skins catch your eyes while still being classy in line with its theme, but they still feel somehow muted. They don't have this showing of power that you'd expect of something so royal looking, they don't feel like a prized possession that you'd expect from something so high end. The galleria phantom skin also suffers from this. The idea of the skin is extremely good and it's so close to being an amazing skin, but at the moment it feels a bit like a bunny slapped on top of some red lines, that while looking really good, it fails to distinguish itself from the rest of the skins. Now I'm not an artist, I'm far from that actually so my feedback may not be the best, but this is how I feel about the skins in the game. They look good, but they just blend with each other and fail to leave a lasting impression on me that makes me want to buy them. I want things that click with me as a person and there's a few that are actually extremely close to that (the galleria specifically, I love it), but they're just that small change away from being so. They feel safe Hopefully I did a good job explaining my mind on this. Rather hard to do so. That being said you guys have been doing an extremely good job in general with the game and it's the same with the skins, that's why I'm excited to see where we go from here on out. Edit: Also using cs because the game left the biggest impression on me as far as skins go. I don't play it much, but some of the skins are just that impactful on their own.
&gt; Oh wow! Thank you so much for this super thoughtful explanation! Why do I feel like my feedback got pinned on the fridge LMAO On a more serious note, yeah this should naturally fix itself as we go since skins will naturally evolve with the game and attempt to out-do the last in order to be a worth buy. Excited to see what you guys come up with!
Or farmed
throw spike rush over and ove and over again that alone makes the grind only 50 hours
It is when your MMR for just unrated is so high that it takes over 10 mins to find a game solo and if with friends over fucking 30 For me its either: Throw in spike to farm or turbo stomp spike to farm
idk su fibra es terrible wena
Puta mi familia no va durar otro mes. Mi viejo es independiente y gracias a la cuarentena tenemos 0 pega desde hace un mes. Espero que se tragen la wea luego porque es eso o morir de hambre porque con cuea quedan como 90 lucas y las compras de esta semana fueron 170 lucas. 170 ctm. Que mierda
wait hol up If you are a 4 year vet you get the t-50-2 for free? I may actually come back to play if that's the case. It was by far my favorite tank
Y no va cambiar niuna wea
Now I'm not a girl, but from my exp some girls have a massive issue holding it in. Maybe that's the case with her
The ridiculous amount of arty crying we've had since I first started playing the game regardless of playerbase. The community hates arty. Arty is a completely different game in WoT that only serves to take fun out of other players with no chance at counter play. It's horrible.
Mi viejo es independiente y no an ayudado una mierda por ahora Espero que se ayude algo wn
ah for fuck sake. Let me remember for the funny minecraft vids and good music at times fuck
REMOVE HER FUCKING 1 WAY CAPABILITY FOR FUCK SAKE BEFORE SHE BECOMES META AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Honestly I think people have yet to deal with a decent viper. If you don't have the right comp to counter her or actual strategies, her 1 ways are ridiculous
tfw white as fuck and not that special here. 5'8 though. That being said on NA it was a lot easier. This is likely more of a foreign type of deal tbh. Maybe I should use my english when out clubbing lmao
I mean isn't greek a virgin? It would make sense for him to be so horny due to age and finally being able to explore that side that being said he still has to deal with all the mental issues he got while being THICC. I know the trend is to hate on greek currently, but as somebody who used to be pretty chubby I can understand how he feels Body changes, but your mental doesn't. It's pretty fucked honestly Anyways, where is he horny on twitter? I'm not a greek fan by any means, so it's not like I'm up to date on him, but a quick scroll-through I don't really see much bad
iirc he was so thicc he legitimately could not have sex. At least that's what I remember
Quedo terrible bueno hermanita
Nah nicagando hace 6 años kdjfkkaja
F. Me acordaste a mi hamster por alguna razon Rip plantita. Hamster atomico que sobrevivio de todo Bueno termine mi clase de quimica. Buen dia hermanita me voy a mimir
Over here I'm having the worst time of my life in my smurf for soloQ Stacks. Fucking. Everywhere. The only 2 wins I have are against solo players, every single other time its 3+ on the enemy team and maybe a duo in mine, or that one time I had a 4 stack that never gave info. All of this while being topfrag on every single one of my games for exception of the 4 stack game. Plat 3 on smurf. Immortal already on main while playing with a friend. It's a horrible experience.
Which is the issue. Until people realize ranked is worthless (which will happen eventually) high elo is just going to be a stacks game. Horrible for any solo player and the system needs solo players in order to work.
Post the vid
