https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dowell_Loggains &gt;Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) is an American football coach who is the offensive coordinator for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He was formerly a quarterbacks coach for the Cleveland Browns. He served as offensive coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012–2013 as a part of Mike Munchak's coaching staff. Days after Ken Whisenhunt took over as Titans head coach, Loggains was informed that he wouldn't remain with the organization.[1] He was previously the team's quarterbacks coach. He was also interviewed for a job by the New York Giants.[2] He was hired by the Bears on January 23, 2015.[3] He played college football at Arkansas.
Good info and happy cake day!
Grifters gotta grift. When the ideology is debunked and you have to start lying to keep winning, you get taken over by carnival barkers and flim flam folks.
They also played better D and their offense moved the ball around a ton. This was a big step. Signs of gritty-ness.
Had to manually approved cause reddit hates URL shorteners so next time please don't use URL shorteners.
nelsonmuntz.gif
Ok, phew...
My friend, I'm in my 40s and have been watching the right wing attack the Clintons for 28 years. I've seen the GOP spend in excess of a hundred million dollars on these people to find? A blow job. At this point my logic tells me she is a criminal mastermind of beyond epic proportions or the right wing has been smearing her with fake investigations. So email or Benghazi or whitewater or vince foster: find something on her or let it go.
I was getting in the sports subs too. And reddit went down a bit ago: https://twitter.com/redditstatus
https://twitter.com/redditstatus
I think the word shill is a weak one because it fails to include like minded people that will come to a place. I'm super liberal and like to come read /r/conspiracy and have watched it slowly get taken over by right wing folks in the last two years. Are they the shills then? Am I for lurking? Meh on the word shill. Not indicative of the truth.
Gotta rep your brand when you can.
&gt; I like you dont think she will ever be prosecuted im starting to be convinced we deserve to be enslaved and abused by these people because so many are to ignorant and to uncaring to even see any of this when its in plain sight. Don't give up. In that same 40 years plus I've seen the country continually strive to progress and be better. 2 steps forward one step back! As Churchill said (roughly): &gt;Americans can always be counted on to do the right thing...after they've exhausted all other options.
Ben Ghazi and his Buttery Males all day, baby!
I have a feeling a roach like Bannon will survive this as he came on the campaign later and somehow walks away from the fire.
Dear lord is ~~r/patriots~~ - I mean /r/nfl pissed about this article.
Rough estimates on the email investigation at around 20 million. Add all of it up since the 90s and you're well over 100 million to investigate the Clintons (70 million Ken Starr, 20 million email, more than 20 million on Benghazi)...
President of what?
Good explanation on vote fuzzing: https://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/1vehg6/gopro_on_the_back_of_an_eagle/cersffj/ &gt;Basically it only works for bots that have been shadow banned (banned from voting/commenting, but they have no idea they've been banned.) This means the bot can post, upvote and downvote all it wants but it will have no way of telling if it's shadowbanned. In fact, you could be shadowbanned right now and not know it. Until I reply to your comment, then you know you aren't shadow banned. The reason they do this is because if the bot knew it was banned, it would just make a new bot and continue exploiting. This way, the bot will keep doing stupid stuff not knowing it's been banned all along, and no new bot will replace it until it finds out. &gt;This is where the reason for fuzzing comes in. Once the bot downvotes, reddit detects it was a downvote from a shadowbanned bot and tacks on an upvote to balance that banned bot's vote. This way, the total upvote count is totally unaffected by all shadowbanned bot votes, and the shadowbanned bots actually think their vote counted (but it did not.) This is vote fuzzing. It also randomly adds both 1 downvote and 1 upvote at random intervals so that the bot can't tell if its downvote just got upvote cancelled, or if it's just reddit doing its fuzzing. The total end count stays totally accurate, but when you see the background numbers (you aren't really supposed to be able to see the background votes) you can see the fuzzing happening. &gt;Edit: This is also why you see almost perfectly agreeable posts get thousands of downvotes. They aren't real downvotes, they are fuzzed. It might literally have 10 downvotes, but the fuzzing will add a lot more on. &gt;Example: A comment or post with 14572 upvotes and 11442 downvotes could very well be closer to something like 3504 upvotes and 374 downvotes. However, both values still result in the end tally of a total of 3130 up. &gt;Edit - 2017/06/11 - Update for people linking to my comment. Vote fuzzing may not work the exact same way as it did back when I originally wrote this. Back then, total votes got crushed down to smaller values so something nowadays with ~15-25k real upvotes would be crushed down to about 2,500-3,000 upvotes, and something with a total score of ~80k-120k would be crushed to about 6,000-7,000 total score using downvotes. The president's AMA for example got over 200,000 points in reality, but in the old system it got crushed down to something much lower like 14k with fuzz downvotes. I don't know if fuzzing still works the same way because it's been a very long time since we've been able to see the upvotes and downvotes on comments.
Happy cake day Automod!!!
Called vote fuzzing. I pasted an explanation in this thread.
&gt;"In the MSM narrative" is not a great way to sell your point. It's the narrative more people believe right now which is why the original point I addressed (the russian narrative collapse) is nonsense. I'm not selling anything by the way. Thanks for the insult.
Well thank you then.
This? https://www.lacbp.org/
Gaslighting Obstruction Projection &lt;-------
Hahaha fucking A Go Gators.
preview: http://www.espn.com/mens-college-basketball/game?gameId=400987292
Stickied and mod supported.
This team knows how to close a half strong. That always reminds me of good teams.
&gt; I want a video of it now. What will that prove to you?
Who will punish him?
Ew, sorry. My dad's family is from Lebanon.
...and pretend they were never a Libertarian.
I'm a huge skeptic of most conspiracy theories but think name calling is just so fucking lazy. Instead, ask questions, pose alternatives and engage. Shutting the conversation down with name calling just exposed the one name calling as immature and easily riled.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theranos
Is that a good thing? What if I'm not a follower of Christ?
Yeah I had to turn this off. The stunned silence was painful-
&gt;THE WALL JUST GOT TEN FEET SHORTER AND IT"S NOT REALLY A WALL BUT KINDA LIKE A FENCE AND WELL PROLLY NOT A FENCE, MORE LIKE A SPEED BUMP IF YOU WILL MAGA. -- *Somewhere on reddit*
It's such a broad generalization for a much more nuanced set of people. I bet there are tons of Normies that think they aren't. I bet there's people pointing to you and thinking, 'there goes a normie'. In the end it all comes down to feeling like you belong to something. No reason it has to be so non-inclusive.
&gt; in fact he rewarded them with bail-outs. You mean TARP? Which was implemented during the GWB admin?
Reddit will die for the folks that want to hide in the shadows, for the racists that have been coming here to recruit since the beginning, right wingers that hate liberals, and for the trolls that love anonymity to shit up the things they don't like. For all the claims of shareblue this or CTR that, in all my years the ones doing the most shilling are the turds from stromfront, the right wingers that hate liberal forums (see: Democratic Underground) and the astroturfers with specific policy moves.
I stand by every word.
&gt; Easy there comrade. Low effort.
Fuck off Trump, you had your chance.
Nah. You pick apart the stories and leave me out of it. he was obviously a scumbag predator and no amount of nitpicking is of interest to me. I don't understand the conspiracy community. Wants to catch all the pedophiles and rapists then discounts it when they're found.
You'll make a fine criminal defense attorney! Human, not so much.
Someone fetch his fainting couch!
As a Democrat, THIS^ Fucking retards couldn't beat Trump and I'm suppose to believe they're are some criminal masterminds? lol
/thread
You do realize that reddit still doesn't make a profit right? And if they ever do then they have to find some way to monetize what we all do here. Not seeing some conspiracy beyond, 'guys, this place has to make money at some point'.
&gt;Corrupt CDC is obviously corrupt. (Proof needed)
Amazing how you cut this off after the important part: &gt;Background. **Vaccines are among the safest medical products in use today. Hundreds of millions of vaccinations are administered in the United States each year. Serious adverse reactions are uncommon. However, temporally associated deaths can occur following vaccination. Our aim was to characterize main causes of death among reports submitted to the US Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a spontaneous vaccine safety surveillance system.** &gt;Methods. We searched VAERS for US reports of death after any vaccination from 1 July 1997 through 31 December 2013. Available medical records, autopsy reports, and death certificates were reviewed to identify cause of death.
Engaging in this nonsense and spreading fake information and doubt about vaccines makes you at least partially responsible for the deaths that come when these diseases resurface and kill.
My last please to you is for you to recognize your own culpability in killing children and maybe think about before you spread bad info. take care
Horrifying how people will literally assist in killing children to feel like they've discovered some grand conspiracy.
You could provide the dissenting opinion without the 'bub' and the know-it-all attitude.
You should stop being a weasel and list those forums. Here: /r/Poetry /r/OCPoetry /r/FloridaGators /r/collegebaseball /r/AdultChildren /r/CollegeSoftball /r/NichirenBuddhism /r/ACOA /r/SGIUSA /r/Nichiren_Buddhism Everyone's a fucking shill that challenges your nonsense.
Wow, love when adult children expose their shitty personalities. take care
And in my 11 years here of modding forums and meeting users of all kinds, I've found the ones that cry shill are usually projecting.
Sorry OOTL, who is Qanon suppose to be? A government employee?
/r/murderedbywordsandlinks
Arguing on reddit rule #3: argue the point, don't attack the user (unless it's a novelty account).
&gt; ab-normie I've been looking for the opposite of normie? Is this it? I mean officially or something?
Consider it advanced as official term. Seconded?
I have several? In SoCal. Now what?
&gt;Our grandmothers were suffragettes. Got the vote after more than a hundred years of trying, with no representation...
Washing Machine is pretty amazing. Murray Street also very accessible but once you've gotten into them the whole discography is outstanding especially, Sister, 1000 Leaves and even their 1980 EP SY: SY.
Or to just stop being so fucking casual about racism.
Happy cake day!!!
You mean, they are lying, making stuff up? Because while I agree there is an obnoxious Trump overload from the MSM, I don't see lies and propaganda, I see him being a complete turd 24/7 and them obsessing over covering this bad behavior.
What are the lies then? No need to cite them just from your memory.
&gt;We want answers regarding Haiti, human trafficking, state-sponsored terror - they want to talk about a failing Russian lie and piss tapes. Failing how? See, this just tells me that you have an agenda as well. If you are here for the truth then one of the largest unsolved conspiracy theories of my lifetime is whether Trump, his campaign and Russia colluded. Why is that off limits to you? Aren't you picking a side considering there is no evidence that's been released yet regarding the subject?
I'm a shill!
It's at +15 and you're at +6.
When you type in the text box it cancels the direct link.
That doesn't even make a lick of sense.
Shameless. Anti-vax is killing children so a few dolts can make a buck.
Really, that vagary is the only thing you care to focus on? What about how they are openly dismantling consumer protections? How about ballooning the debt? How about selling off natural monuments? How about shuttling us towards a nuclear fucking war?
This 'community' is of one mind, huh? No dissenting opinions just the right wing spin? Close it up guys. Unless you believe the Seth Rich bullshit you aren't welcome here. wow.
You do realize you get both of them from food all the time: &gt;[Aluminium in the food supply comes from natural sources including water, food additives, and contamination by aluminium utensils and containers. Most unprocessed foods, except for certain herbs and tea leaves, contain low (&lt; 5 micrograms Al/g) levels of aluminium. **Thus most adults consume 1-10 mg aluminium daily from natural sources. **](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1490425) &gt;[Mercury is a heavy metal, sometimes known as quicksilver, that occurs naturally in the environment in different chemical forms. ... 1.2 Natural events (e.g. volcanic activity, weathering of rocks) and human activities (e.g. mining, fuel use, products and processes) can cause mercury releases into the environment.](https://www.greenfacts.org/en/mercury/mercury-1.htm) You get more Mercury by breathing than a single vaccine could ever provide.
It always ends up that the most egregious brigaders and spammers are the same group of turds that have been trying to shitup reddit since day one. Once they latched onto Trump and that sub, they have been emboldened and think they can take over any place. They team up with the Stromfronters that have been coming here for years and are fantastically good at making their numbers seem larger. In the end it's about 200 dedicated folks that can make the hay to disrupt and capture a sub. Amazing how easy manipulating a sub is when you focus on the new queue.
&gt; For another, it would just be bad precedence to impeach judges when the opposing parties take over. Like changing the threshold to 50 for approving a SCOTUS nominee?
So what you are saying is the the totality of the mercury from all of our vaccines is more than we consumer in day to day life over our lifetime?
So I'm not allowed an opinion on the matter. lol
I don't know, this is kind of a petty thing you complain about. This is a 100% free forum that you get to use and all you have to do is make a quick SS, but instead you spend all this time whining.
Ok so we don't have to trust the CIA or Putin, both are considerable liars.
Thank you.
&gt; Look at the moderation log. Most of the banned users work for Shareblue. How would anyone know who they work for?
I look forward to a day when the right wing stops this kind of smear game and instead tries to make the country better. Enough smears and enough starve the beast and enough with the tax cuts for rich people and trickle down. Do something positive for once.
&gt; Its goal is full removal of God and the Bible from daily life. Fine by me. I'm a Buddhist and we don't inject our beliefs into school and such.
I am appreciative of you for caring about my well being, that's a lovely sentiment for someone so religious but I am left wondering how you could the also support the things I described being destroyed? &gt;deregulation, cutting welfare, tax cuts for people who have no need for them, tax hikes on the poor and middle class, starve the beast, dismantle the EPA, FDA, USDA, SEC, CFPB! Consumer protections destroyed? Environmental protection destroyed, money taken from the poor for tax cuts? Is that really what your Jesus would do?
No shame in doing what you have to do and staying instate. I've heard the founder of this damn sub himself went to FSU Graduate film school, the heathen.
Seeing how the Trump administration has been so ridiculously inept, I could see them totally fucking up the false flag and getting caught red handed. Plus, 2018 midterms are already assured to be a blue wave. American electoral cycles are so fucking repetitive that the reaction to Trump, like the midterms in 2010 as a reaction to Obama, are written in stone. House will flip, Senate most likely.
All it will take is a Democratic take over of government ala 2006/2008 and it will be rescheduled.
And? Happens every year.
&gt; The demographics that make up the Democratic Party typically stay home during midterms. You know who doesn't stay home? Religious conservatives. 2006 called and they disagree completely. Funny, in 2010 the left was basically making the same argument you are here. lol
I hadn't realized there was a schedule. h/t and thanks!
&gt;I've straight up cut guys like that off bc being a dick isn't attractive. Lots of women have. Which gives them even more of a victim mindset and drags them further into MGTOW and Incel territory. Honestly it breaks my heart as most of these guys are a product of a rapidly fraying society that is leaving way too many of its children alone and latch key in the suburbs with no one to tell them that women and POC are not their enemies.
No, just you folks. Probably fell into some of the more silly rhetoric and got fostered by the stromfront folks to believe the racist nonsense. But remember, one can always turn their life around and step out of the shadows these kind of folks stick to. You would be welcomed with open arms.
If you want to believe this very shady website and where it says it got the info to make up, out of whole cloth, a story that somehow professional investigators in 8 separate right wing investigations couldn't fin then, enjoy! I personally have no interest in chasing my tail like that.
Oh boy, gottem!
As a lefty, I'm more worried about how this administration has begun dismantling consumer and environmental protections that assist the left and right. The EPA, FDA, USDA, SEC, the CFPB all being torn apart while tax cuts for the rich once again pump up income inequality and the debt, while they go after social security, medicare and medicaid, while we cede our world leadership position to China and ignore a Russian dictator that is literally laughing in our face while their boy Trump does nothing.
The war on government aka starve the beast is a tired game that always claims to produce benefits in the future of more jobs and more trickle down and then you finally get a chance like they did in Kansas to test the theory. Kansas is an utter failure. The tax cuts kill services that are actually cheaper than the bill the state government had to pick up for the alternatives. Infrastructure crumbles, businesses flee and they really never wanted a tax cut to begin with just some US Chamber, Grover Norquist flunkie used Rebecca Mercer's money to make believe ideas of government that amount to a money grab. Tax cuts for the rich never works. Destroying the infrastructure to live in a Libertarian fantasy is nonsense. The US service economy runs efficiently when the middle class does welll and the poor have a safety net. Period.
As a fish I like water.
&gt; THIS KEEPS GETTING REMOVED it's: &gt;Submission Statements are required for link and image posts. Link posts without a Statement will be removed after 20 minutes.
&gt; How can Democrats even defend this anymore? CNN is not the Democrats. MSNBC is not the Democrats. CBS news is not the Democrats. The Democrats are a group of voters and an organization that represents them.
Is this spam? Self promotion. lol
So basically you're the one with your head in the sand? All GOP administrations try to starve the beast and destroy the protection we put in place post WWII to protect the old (SS) or the sick (Medicaid, SSDi). They want to roll back the environmental protections, worker protection and financial regulations. It's right there in their platform: https://gop.com/platform/reforming-government/ And you specifically said: &gt;our own citizens homeless, freezing on the streets, 20 percent of our citizens need food assistance, 100 million on some sort of welfare, and these idiots who are only capable of thinking with their emotions cry and whine that we aren't letting enough people in that won't be able to take care of themselves. All of which would be helped by bolstering these protections the GOP is committed to destroying, in their own words. So which is it? Blame the immigrant for 20% of people in poverty? Blame the immigrant for financial institutions cheating and causing a near depression in 2008? Do we blame the immigrant for GOP governors refusing to expand (for free) Medicaid? Do we blame immigrants for the GOP refusing to reauthorize SCHIP that saves children's lives? Which is it? The immigrant or the GOP? One specifically tells you they are fucking the poor and disabled and elderly. The other, immigrants, are a nebulous thing that just might be a boogeyman, especially for a group that is telling you what it's doing.
You argue very poorly. You just sidestep every point and then fall back on the fact that this is /r/conspiracy and say silly stuff like 'both sides same, argh' while you most certainly have picked a side with your anti-immigrant rhetoric. You are what is called an 'empty suit' and I for one would be utterly embarrassed to have so little to say when confronted by logic and facts.
&gt; Something I have never understood is shadowbanning. What is the point of putting someone in a timeout/solitary confinement if they are unaware of the punishment? It was started to thwart spammers. Why would you tell a spammer their post is removed or the account banned? Problem is that the admins were understaffed and constantly trying to keep the servers up and so they just started using SBs on bad actors, trolls, scum and a lot of regular users as well. That was an awful thing. I used to find shadowbanned users talking to themselves in my subs spam filters and it was the saddest thing ever. I began telling them because why the fuck would I want some user caught up in some innocuous shit spinning their wheels like that.
Bah, I think Fade was outstanding.
Agreed. But I always keep handy: nullprogram.com/am-i-shadowbanned/ The admins have also said that they've cut back on the shadowbans in favor of telling the person they are banned.
Just put a "&gt;" in front of what you want to quote and you won't need the "" or the username. &gt;Just put a "&gt;" in front of what you want to quote and you won't need the "" or the username.
Or the whole thing is a larp and silly at best.
Well, it is a conspiracy by definition. Several interwoven ones at that.
You should have led with that.
I think they were saying that the rhetoric of the right wing's current ideological bent has no where to go but to turn to violence and extremism. This is what happens when entrenched interests start feeling the power slip away.
*too soon*
And i respect that. I have a ton of [places I believe state's right is A1. I just think the right has taken that and gone into crazy-ville. I mean, if you can't authorize the 3 billion it costs to save children with SChip but can give 1.5 trillion in tax breaks, you might have gone a bit too far.
&gt; It's already been established that Christopher Steele was not involved in the process and there was no dossier until the Free Beacon dropped Really? Interesting. Link?
They spied on russians and scooped up Americans when they did. That is completely legal.
Paragraph 1: awww, what a sweetie! Paragraph 2: hell yes.
&gt; The US is under constant attack from Anti-American propaganda Like what?
ok, I wasn't trying to be mean, sorry. Good info and I appreciate it.
Oh so the Democrats are the black hats, got it. Meanwhile the GOP runs the entire government and can't even you know, run it.
So you're gonna take down twitter by tweeting? Sorry, I'm lost.
Ok BernieBroOrBust.
Can't wait for a follow up to The Party. That was my 2016 AOTY
Taurean Green .
This one? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmKYrxzOTC4
&gt; It isn't a mistake that the successful (non-political) subs have super stringent rules about no politics, AT ALL. They remove anybody's comment or post that is partisan related. All the sports subs do it.
Went to this game!!!!! I was 13.
This is fucking nuts ahahahahaha!
&gt; Those seem to flare up alot over the weekends, for some reason. During the week they seem to taper down. Mods can correct me if it's a mistaken perception. In the 12 years I've been on reddit, that has always been the stormfront folks MO; come on weekends when the liberal office class is off (M-F 9-6 EST) and unable to downvote them into the toilet.
Is that the Guantanamo to Florida pipeline I've been hearing about?
&gt;There is no Russian collusion. You don't know that. This piece doesn't know that. Carter doesn't know that and neither does Hannity. Makes me believe that a huge Mueller shoe is about to drop though. Haven't seen the right wing politicians this hoped up in a few months.
Here's why I believe he did it to himself: Early 00s, living in Hollywood I was getting up super early to run before the traffic and pedestrians came out and I was heading back to my place when I crossed through a parking lot and saw one of the hookers from the motel next door (I saw them all the time, very friendly). She was sitting on the curb with some dude who was slumping down and puking. She was trying to feed this man milk but he kept puking it all over the place. He lifted his head: David Carradine. He was strung out on probably crack and she was trying to help him get right. He was and had been on a death wish routine of drugs and prostitutes and sex since forever and it finally caught up to him when he was found dead.
- deluge of social media fuckery - continued hack of DNC, RNC, state and local election entities (phishing) - used wikileaks to selectively leak the stuff they phished - multiple hacks of local election databases (state and local) - multiple attempts to flip Trump campaign folks: - carter page (long term flip) - Trump Jr. with promises of Hillary dirt - Same with Kushner - actively working with Manafort in psyops I could go on but I doubt you actually care.
All he has to do is call Judicial watch. They've sued the Clintons tons of times.
*restraining order incoming*
(*guitar solo*)
With the colors on that site, I would hope so. Ouch.
&gt;(changing "www.reddit to old.reddit works on pretty much everything.) And reddit just strenuously promised they will keep supporting legacy versions like they have with all iterations of reddit since the beginning. *they fucking better*
/r/actualconspiracies
&gt;Trump wood jes put 'em up anyway so I did too.
Don't let it. Don't let the outside world make you suffer. Happiness is up to you.
&gt; you have hundreds new regulations introduced on daily basis Since January 2017, not hardly.
&gt;We're just now paying off that bill, not buying new toys. Aw man, you're no fun! :D
And plenty of bad beyond anything bad you could do in a thousand lifetimes.
When has anything been proven? Because none of the flimsy evidence bore out.
&gt; I'm 100% positive he's hoping that he can ride the anti trump train. That way he doesn't have to prove himself, just let people think the other guy is bad because trump said he's good. As a Californian that's been hearing them for weeks, these ads are attacks, not endorsements. This article is the same old, 'divide up the Democrats' bullshit.
More: [DeVante Parker takes his beef with ex-Dolphin Chris Chambers publi](http://www.miamiherald.com/sports/nfl/miami-dolphins/article212466549.html)
Scheduled for 1pm EST tomorrow: https://twitter.com/GatorsBB/status/1003467047282634754
Her being affected by MKUltra is not a fact. Her being mentally ill is.
This team is more of a headcase than last years. India is a perfect example as he's playing like ass.
&gt;whale of a smacker lolol beautiful
Now just get better and bring that bat back for Supers.
That's what I meant, thanks for the correction.
Oh see, I thought you were one of the ones around her constantly trying to imply I'm a shill. Considering it happens consistently, I do hope you will forgive my error.
&gt;And have it triplicate, full color and with a slide show under ten minutes. Mkay, thanks.
Not only don't believe video bullshit, stop getting your news from TV and internet videos. They are impossible to fact check. Text and links. That way you can track things.
The TD forum sliders are back. Up next is the TD upvote bots. Reddit midterms will be so much fun.
So wait, you actually think paid shills care about you folks obsession with the art that Podesta collects?
I would never. And man, I haven't heard the word Paulbot in a while.
Ben Shapiro couldn't hold Obama's jock strap.
Here's some more info: &gt;The bills in question, Senate Bill 606 and Assembly Bill 1668, were indeed signed into law by Governor Brown on 31 May 2018 (and Brown has indeed reached his term limit as governor). Neither bill, however, carries language penalizing consumers for taking a shower and doing laundry on the same day. Instead, they outline conservation mandates for water districts and municipalities, and water agencies can be fined if they fail to meet conservation goals (but not until 2027). &gt;Overall, Californians will have to use less water in a state that has been plagued by persistent droughts, and this is not a new concept to locals. Residents had to slash water use during a historic five-year drought that ended in April 2017. &gt;Jim Metropulos, legislative director for California State Assemblywoman Laura Friedman (D-Glendale) who authored 1668, told us the legislation sets water efficiency goals for water districts and municipalities on the territorial level, but it does not regulate what individual Californians or businesses can and can’t do: “There is nothing in this bill to target households or companies. Water use objectives are on territory-level of a water agency. There is nothing regulating the time a person may shower or when they may or may not do laundry.” &gt;The legislation instead will prompt water agencies to set methods and goals for reducing per capita water use over time, starting in 2022. In a statement released by Brown’s office, the governor said the legislation is meant to brace the state for the next water shortage: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/california-laundry-and-shower/ and &gt;Under current state rules, residents can be fined $500 for hosing down a sidewalk, among other prohibited actions, but can otherwise use as much water as they want without penalty. Customers must only pay for the water. &gt;Hill said that "doesn't seem fair." &gt;"It's important that all Californians share in the efforts to conserve water during the drought," he said. "It's as basic as that." &gt;Starting Jan. 1, Senate Bill 814 will require urban water suppliers to either establish a rate structure with a built-in way to hammer the wallets of excessive users, or create an ordinance capable of identifying which customers are being wasteful. &gt;The law requires that violators of the new ordinances be penalized, and suggests a fine of up to $500 for every unit (748 gallons) of water used that a district deems excessive. &gt;If a supplier chooses to adopt such an ordinance — a path most are expected to take because of legal concerns about rate setting -- district officials are also required to create a way for customers to appeal their fine. http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-water-wasters-20160831-snap-story.html
&gt;This time. This time, we got her. -- July 2026
I worry that empathy is a late stage developmental plateau that is not happening due to latch key syndrome (adult children) upbringings (millions).
SS?
&gt; tiny group who runs things and their hand picked (compromised) minions Wild guess at best. But I hear you.
&gt; Reddit used to be grassroots and progressive. Nah, it's been gamed since the start, In 2008 it was Obama supporters versus Clinton's and then the Ron Paulites.
Honestly (and don't hit me) I didn't even know who he was. Maybe we need something like a crootbot but for regular folks like me that do not know all the names of players.
Thanks!!
Worst case scenario you can report them and then it'll give you a screen that lets you block them.
Bingo! And: [In the 1960s, the sugar industry funded research that downplayed the risks of sugar and highlighted the hazards of fat, according to a newly published article in JAMA Internal Medicine. ](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/13/493739074/50-years-ago-sugar-industry-quietly-paid-scientists-to-point-blame-at-fat) This is not a big pharma conspiracy but a sugar/junk food industry conspiracy. These revolting fuckers are responsible for more deaths than smoking.
This sub is hit by bots from a lot of different places. Some hit the hot section (front page) some the new queue, others in comment chains. And I know it's from both sides of the two party political war that has been going on for reddit's soul since before there were subreddits.
Call me when you had over your texts where your carrying on an affair.
Why can't you be nice. Way too much anger from you folks. Be nice.
Fuck yes. Great 'woah' movie. I need to watch it again. Just watched Mother! last night. That really fucked my head.
Reddit bots advertising gold. That's it. What better way to spread awareness of the feature.
Who here saw it on the theater opening weekend?
&gt; But you guys try and make anyone that supports the president partisan It feels like someone is sniveling around when they take partisan actions and then want to pretend they are not partisan. And IT IS OKAY to be partisan. Our society, our system of government is a polarity of two ideologies and a back and forth that has been going on for hundreds of years. Pick a side and then spare the world the feigned indignation of trying to pretend to not care!
It will have to be used to make that change.
old as dirt
Well, this cute interaction went ugly quick. Take care.
The weakest arguments are deflections.
I always remember summer camp being something I was forced to do by my parents and while cool, I was forced. Either way I had no choice. I didn't like my summer being taken away. I wanted to stay home and hang with my friends.
&gt;Just feels kinda odd that these types of films are being produced when they typically like to hide this shit. Hollywood has made tons of TV and film about real and fake conspiracies. UFO/alien movies alone have done more to prop of the conspiracy than all the 'researchers' combined. Bigfoot, mind control, government fuckery, political fuckery, CIA, FBI... The thing you have to be careful of is how many of your favorite conspiracies are propped up by folks with an agenda (money, politics, ideology).
As slow as the first game, the quick of this one.
&gt;That's right, we meant to lose in protest! ussoccer
But has become less and less so over time as well. Keep the fight for progress.
&gt;To me though nothing ever really changes idk. Think of where America was in 1776 for most humans. Think about where it is now. It's made incredible progress in that time.
&gt; I kinda meant more like in your own, recent life. I guess I don't understand what change you want. You said 20 years and in my last 20 years I've done grad school had a mental breakdown and then rebuilt my life and may be approaching a sense of happiness where I never had it before. And in general I've watched weed get fucking basically legalized, gay people get equal rights, technology explode and the internet arrive and a million other wonderful things. So I reject the pessimism I guess/
Sorry your hugbox got a dose of the left.
You're shadowbanned by reddit, fyi.
Cars blocking the crosswalk or creeping into it to turn the actual millisecond you clear their bumper. Stop fucking sweating me for a 2 second window.
I didn't intend that to be about you. There are a lot of right leaning folks in here and this post is an invitation to discuss this subject.
The execution.
What ever happened to conservatism's drum beats about personal responsibility? All I see is an administration doing something they could stop doing at any time. If they agree it sucks and keep doing it, these posts are moot.
Both play to their audiences and FOX would be beating the drum if this were true.
&gt; Forecast for today: whining. Lots of whining.
&gt; This week it was revealed the Mueller investigation is facing its own investigation(s). When did this happen? Would have a link?
God emperor can do no wrong because liberals.
Maybe because you think I'm OP?
At least I don't snivel around carrying water for Trump and the RNC while pretending to be a independent.
If you take this nonsense seriously, the stupid cheer-leading part, the weak and frayed assertions or the conclusions made up out of whole cloth, then more power to you.
I love the smell of trump spam in the morning.
No u.
These are the exact type of spam posts used in the run up to 2016 elections to smear HRC and Democrats in general. It's the same games played then being trotted out now that we are in election season.
"Talking": &gt;watching this piece of shit choke on the mound is fucking awesome &gt;Downvoted by the molester white knight brigade lmao think about what you're defending &gt;Edit; I got banned for being happy that a piece of trash child molester is choking lmao what a backwards ass subreddit. A discussion like this one is fine. Pasting that in game threads is not okay.
Yes, the whole assertion is nonsense, the reasoning spurious and the connections weak af. But thanks for the personal attack.
reddit is fun is the best one.
Who's being hung?
Oh look, an article with zero proof or sources. Oh but it's got plenty of ads!!!
&gt; So, you're not disputing the fact that Hillary Clinton colluded with Russian agents Welp, you've provided zero proof so how could I tell? Plus wouldn't this post be better if you didn't force the reader to stumble over your ham fisted attempt to frame the ideas? And no, HRC did not collude with Russians.
Can I ask you why you are not linking to the full text of the bill? Thanks
No need for name calling. You did nothing of the sort. You made an assertion and that's it. Show me Hillary colluding with Russian spies. Russian.
Here's the bill if you'd like to include it in your post: https://www.congress.gov/bill/107th-congress/house-bill/5005
All of these are SGI members: Orlando Bloom, English actor Tina Turner, American singer-songwriter Herbie Hancock, musician Ali Larter, actress Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Actress Belinda Carlisle, singer Kate Bosworth, actress Miranda Kerr. actress There's a ton of lesser known actors and actresses and a ton of musicians.
True. I've actually never tried.
Reddit has a long history of shit servers and downtime.
You folks label anything pizzagate at this point.
Define pizzagate?
It's bizarre that reddit leans overwhelmingly liberal? If yes then what would you like to have done about that?
Your First Lady made an indelible statement to all of America and what? You want us to not be fascinated and discuss it?
I find it amazing how much anger and lack of empathy my right leaning friends have. As if anger and resentment were bubbling up from some kind of inner struggle and getting all over everyone else.
Gaslight Obstruct Project
&gt; Deep State atrocities Those atrocities had huge approval rating on both sides. No need in blaming the deep state when the surface state is lying us into war or bombing for terrorists.
There is not. Or, you could show that there has been?
I too remember when the Yankee north full of dastardly progressive Republicans opposed the conservative southern Democrats and went about kicking that conservative butt.
[ The study found that 62% of the coverage of Clinton and 56% of the coverage of Trump was negative in tone. ](https://www.forbes.com/sites/brettedkins/2016/12/13/trump-benefited-from-overwhelmingly-negative-tone-of-election-news-coverage-study-finds/#44e568003202) or https://www.vox.com/2016/4/15/11410160/hillary-clinton-media-bernie-sanders because: [Studies agree: Media gorged on Hillary Clinton email coverage](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/08/25/studies-agree-media-gorged-on-hillary-clinton-email-coverage/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.e75cddd1bc75)
&gt;Someone needs to learn history. Apparently you do. Take care.
Are you actually saying the two parties didn't shift political ideology? Are you saying the shift when the civil right laws were passed didn't happen? I'm worried about some folks and their lack of knowledge.
no
Wait, I thought Epstein was more recently friends with Trump?
- [Sinclair Broadcast Group is a publicly traded American politically conservative telecommunications company that is controlled by the family of company founder Julian Sinclair Smith. Headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland, the company is the largest television station operator in the United States by number of stations, and largest by total coverage; owning or operating a total of 193 stations across the country (233 after all currently proposed sales are approved) in over 100 markets (covering 40% of American households),](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinclair_Broadcast_Group)
They don't vote and as this thread would find if it looked at the massive real world studies done by the right wing administration of George Bush in the 2000s, it is more likely a person get struck by lightening twice than someone vote illegally.
&gt;[The Chicxulub crater (/ˈtʃiːkʃʊluːb/; Mayan: [tʃʼikʃuluɓ]) is an impact crater buried underneath the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico.[3] Its center is located near the town of Chicxulub, after which the crater is named.[4] It was formed by a large asteroid or comet about 10 to 15 kilometres (6.2 to 9.3 miles) in diameter,[5][6] the Chicxulub impactor, striking the Earth. The date of the impact coincides precisely with the Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary (K–Pg boundary), slightly less than 66 million years ago,[2] and a widely accepted theory is that worldwide climate disruption from the event was the cause of the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, a mass extinction in which 75% of plant and animal species on Earth became extinct, including all non-avian dinosaurs.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicxulub_crater) More: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/05/06/476871766/geologists-find-clues-in-crater-left-by-dinosaur-killing-asteroid
[Certainly this time!](https://i.imgur.com/cLrPPQd.jpg)
Great, we should have a national ID that is given without charge, right?
/r/gatekeeping
&gt;I'd love for you to explain to me how it is more difficult for poor urban minorities to get IDs than it is for poor rural whites. Can you explain it in a way that doesn't reek of racism? That doesn't add up does it? You may love it so you should be ga-ga over the fact that my sources provided in the comment you referred to, actually give you the answer you seek, AKA you're not paying attention so anyway, take care.
I hate this theory. To even put Bill Hicks in a sentence with the scam artist piece of shit Alex Jones is an affront to everything BH was about.
But what if that hurts when I do it?
&gt;Putin's pants. See, I could never be a spy because i Would be giggling over all the code names.
&gt;Out of 195 countries, there are only 5 countries in the world that are not in debt. Who is the entire world in debt to? America is mostly in debt to itself: [68% of America's roughly 21 trillion debt is owed to itself](http://www.mygovcost.org/2017/05/15/who-owns-the-u-s-national-debt-2/)
- [The people who believe hucksters like O'Keefe are not receptive to facts and argument. Much of what they believe to be true is rooted in a hash of intellectual dishonesty, victimhood and self-delusion.](https://www.usnews.com/opinion/thomas-jefferson-street/articles/2017-11-28/exposing-conservative-fraud-is-good-for-democracy) - [The videos are, as is typical of O’Keefe’s, work somewhat of a gish gallop, comprising a constellation of allegations and assertions that is virtually impossible to fact check without complete clips of the involved conversations. Nearly all the videos used stitched-together, out-of-context remarks with no indication of what occurred or what was discussed just before and after the included portions.](https://www.snopes.com/news/2016/10/18/project-veritas-election-videos/) - [The 33-year-old who tried to trick the Washington Post with a fake sexual harassment story has a long history of sting operations backfiring](http://www.businessinsider.com/james-okeefe-project-veritas-sting-fails-2017-11) - [For the second time, GOP Attorney General Brad Schimel’s office has concluded there is no evidence a Democratic activist broke voting laws in the run-up to the 2016 election. ](https://www.jsonline.com/story/news/politics/2018/05/14/attorney-general-brad-schimel-concludes-second-time-controversial-video-shows-no-voter-fraud-dem-act/607073002/) - [ACORN filmmaker James O’Keefe sentenced in Sen. Mary Landrieu break-in](http://thehill.com/capital-living/in-the-know/100105-filmmaker-okeefe-sentenced-in-sen-mary-landrieu-break-in)
As flawed as they are we desperately need a strong union presence to push back on the sickening corporate and generational wealth presence on our free-for-all campaign finance milieu.
Nice how you are having your own conversation just barely addressing what anyone says before you roar into your immigration sc(reeeeeeeeee)d.
This is good for Democrats; this is good for the left. \#solidarity
&gt;The Storm (also known as Calm Before The Storm) is a conspiracy theory, popular meme,[3] and right wing fantasy that originated in a series of incoherent posts on 4chan in 2017 by someone calling themselves QAnon. Following on the heels of similar bullshit such as Pizzagate, it advances a fantastic web of deceit that wraps up Trumpism, deep state fearmongering, evil, satanic pedophilia rings controlled by the Democratic Party, investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 US election, the Las Vegas shooting, and New World Order paranoia into a package easily and wholeheartedly promoted by internet cesspools and Alex Jones.[4][1] lol
Hard paywall.
So only people that fall for nonsense right wing smears can come here? lol Don't ya just hate when the pathetic hugbox of a bubble gets new information?
More like joe_gatekeeper :D
&gt;The majority of this country voted our duly elected president into office largely because he ran on the platform of illegal immigration. Not nearly a majority.
Still not a majority of the voters. &gt;The majority of this country voted our duly elected president
Neither the archived link nor the PJ Media link it is based on have any proof that this is being investigated by the FBI. Upon googling I found the same assertions from PJ Media echoed on FOX NEws and a few others only referring to the no proof PJ media article as well.
Basically Q is a scam using a [Cold Reading](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_reading) to feed the marks what they want to believe.
Cuba, Panama, Honduras, Nicaragua, Libya, Korea, Vietnam, Iran (before) and on and on, would all like a word about America helping with regime changes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_involvement_in_regime_change
&gt; Society is being warmed up to sexual perversion. If you mean 'warmed up' as in that it is finally being exposed, understood and addressed instead of hidden in the shadows and hidden by people in positions of power than yes, we are being warmed up to actually doing something about a hugely important problem.
If there's a regime change in Iran you can be sure the US and Israel were neck deep in it.
*too soon*
OP? You are kinda correct, this part: &gt;Hypothesis: The whole Trump presidency hoopla exists to delegitimize conservativism It's not an attempt by anybody but actually the insanely repetitive nature of American society and especially American politics. The general theory on America's repetition: &gt;The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American history. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the "national mood" that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest. &gt;Schlesinger defined these to be "self-generating and autonomous". They begin in the mentality of the masses, rather than creations of influential individuals of a time period. Leaders or politicians are representations of the "mood", chosen to express the voice of the majority. Shifts in the national mentality are initiated when discontent with present conditions over time drives Americans to pursue a new trend that promises to satisfy the interest of the masses. This discontent, described by Schlesinger as "inextinguishable", drives the cycles of change in national politics. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory You might like that and the great exploration of this repetition in general society: (book) Generations by Strauss and Howe I believe a lot of our societal ills come from nothing more insipid than our repetitive nature as a species. This was the redpill I have found to be the real TPTB, repetition.
Fade em fam. Till next year :`-( College Baseball feels like the shortest season of all the sports.
UF should be paying your for the epic shitposting. Seems only fair.
Be among the people so your advancement will be the example a lot of people need.
Weak comeback.
But we are only one of three schools in the nation to have all 3 major sports titles.
I tell ya, being so invested in defending trump and the right wing must be super exhausting.
Zerohedge has gone full right wing. Whodathunk?
I desperately need to go to a game. Been decades.
If this works for Cruz, this is the GOP finally heading back to the center.
^ Finally a correct answer. Yes. I would date an MS13 member over a Trump supporter. No need to waffle or explain myself.
ew, wash it.
Yep, they always somehow know more in their gut than science. Modern Luddites.
I love that Gase called those late time outs. Get hungry mother fuckers!
What? Wow. You get a raise and a promotion. Job well done.
Sorry. Not content.
&gt; In many ways it is similar to Pure Land Buddhism, in that enlightenment is approached mainly through faith and devotion and not so much through, say, meditation. Chanting gives the same health benefits and defragmentation of the sensory awareness (being in the now) that meditation gives.
Existential despair, aka dread can be because the inner self and the outer, do not believe that you the person will ever be able to fix your problems. It doesn't have to be an angry voice inside, sometimes it's just a negative voice that has been disappointed so much and doesn't believe that you can find the solution.
[Sneaky flasks are pretty popular these days](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=a9_asi_1?rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Asneaky+flasks&amp;keywords=sneaky+flasks&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1544200784)
Aw, that's just mean. Poor Rex.
Only everyone around me was colluding but not me. K thx bye.
Literal collusion was happening all around trump.
Best bot!
The guidance I've gotten on this is like, someone that supports a member in anyway whatsoever is considered a votary of the Lotus Sutra and greatly appreciated because they are helping someone spread world peace and happiness. In general there is zero problem with non-practicing partners and friends.
Please change that link to the actual link. Reddit spammed you for the URL shortener.
Not a cult. Read about what a cult is and stop slandering what you don't know about.
Try out the sub r/SGIUSA And remember, The temples the SGI used to be connected with have been actively smearing the SGI as a cult for more than a decade. I run the Nichiren Buddhist and SGI subs and have been continuously attacked by the temple /anti-SGI people from the anti-SGI subreddits. I traced many of them directly back to the Nichiren Soshu temple members. Sick fuckers that will never get over the fact that when they excommunicated the SGI members, the SGI continued to grow and thrive. Let me know if you need anything.
Criminally underrated band in general. 30 years of some of the greatest music ever - Nixon, Damaged, Ohio, What Another Man Spills - just great music. The shows for FLOTUS were unbelievably good.
I'm thinking they are talking about the 2 for 1 offer UF made them.
Zlat's all ours. 247 can fuck off ;)
I would literally die. Beeping is my kryptonite. Hang in there!
Incredible poem. Also, stop reporting it as vulgar you prudes ;) It's marked NSFW.
You have no right nor does anyone have a duty to prove anything to you. Imagine IRL a person you know mentions they've received a bunch of death threats. You hear this and and you jump down their throat asking for proof, telling them they lied and how you doubt they ever had any threats. That's victim blaming.
Good job on reading comprehension.
Check out the 'agency mantras' in the good parent messages: http://zombiepsychic.com/good_parent_messages.pdf
Removed. Please be nice.
/r/savedyouaclick &lt;3
&gt;Police would not immediately confirm the suspect’s death. Brian Humphrey of the Los Angeles Fire Department said paramedics took a person who was being detained at Fifth and Flower streets to a hospital in unknown condition. Woohoo! Shoutout to u/LAFD
I was like, fuck Tennessee's early enrollees...derp
On the internet it's downright awful how different sects attacks other groups. Kinda pathetic actually with all the smearing.
Daughters. Yes.
No matter what, I love my fellow fins fans on this sub.
Modern self help psychotherapy and group dynamics have come a loooong way. I suggest ACOA as it deals with emotional developmental miscues.
He may be clueless but he definitely gives a fuck and spends like he wants a winner.
2B
https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/aas8hn/fight_me/ repost
&gt; Too much competition from his own Party. His own Party? Isn't he independent?
Totally. Cattails and Century (from same session) are exactly like the album. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXbq_6l7fmI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=920fCNgUGIw These folks are frigging talented as hell.
Because the low info young progressives like to use campaign tactics as a slur while their very own candidates use those very tactics as Warren has and Bernie has et al. My point is your attack is silly and politics is ugly. Using it as a cudgel and calling them Republican tactics is lame.
The minute he played into the Trump attacks he was destroying her approval ratings and dragging her down, it became scorched Earth. Maybe you folks don't get it but really, Sanders is just as responsible for Trump as Hillary.
Too lazy to bring that second 'o'!
Gaslight Obstruct Project
He staking out a position center left / neo liberal. Smart move politically as those folks are older and vote more reliably. Did folks think he was gonna wade into the progressive morass going on? Why when you're already seen as a centrist.
Countdown to this exact attack showing up in new Biden threads in 3, 2...
This sub gets inundated by bad actors from other subs on certain issues (homelessness, guns, etc).
Healthy shame is good for motivating and reminding someone to change their behavior. It's when it slides over into toxic shame that it is not useful. I love the book: "Healing the Shame that Binds You" - Bradshaw for understanding the difference.
AOTY by a long shot with #2 being 3-4 spaces below it.
Next time please put the author in the headline.
*crickets*
&gt;[The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historians Arthur M. Schlesinger Sr. and Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. to explain the fluctuations in politics throughout American history[1][2]. In this theory, the national mood alternates between liberalism and conservatism. Each phase has characteristic features, and each phase is self-limiting, generating the other phase. This alternation has repeated itself several times over the history of the United States. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) 1945-1980 Progressive mood - SS, medicare/medicaid, EPA, FDA, VRA, etc etc 1980-2010 Conservative mood - Tax cuts, deregulation, govt. bad, just say no, tough on crime, anti-abortion, killed unions 2010-??? Progressive mood - already becoming more popular - wage inequality fixes, tax cuts unpopular, legalization happening, sentencing reform, etc etc These eras take time to shift but we are shifting. Look for the fever to break on the right side once we get gerrymandering and voter suppression solved.
What a weak comment.
Middle of the page. You got adblocker on? https://soundcloud.com/user931763/voicemail-dowd
&gt; basically just court cases now. The American way!
No we don't. And falling for this divisive crap is pretty sad.
&gt; Amazing how bent out of shape people get Who? I'm seeing very little bent out of shape people?
Oh okay, thanks Justsecurity.org.
[Don't forget the retrofit guy!](https://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/bx6uul/things_seen_this_week_during_structural/) Shoutout /u/dmas1638 r/losangeles has great content. Just like the real LA.
Sub is being inundated by bad actors.
If the huge Democratic caucus votes like it did for Obama 2008, no amount of GOP shenanigans can stop the tide. If they vote like they did for Hillary. We fucked. I personally think it's be a bigger blue wave than 2018.
&gt; Biden threatened to beat Trump up... that is ten times more stupid than Warren taking a DNA test. Are we living in the same America? My America eats that shit up.
&gt; You just reminded me of how confident I was that Trump was going to be laughed into irrelevance after the 1st debate against HRC. Was a horrible wake up call for Americans to realize the right side is cheating constantly and we need to wake up to it. She should have won handily.
Did you find the date yet?
You said it...it's got a really solid slow rock 70s feel and no matter if you like it or not, the songwriting is excellent - complicated, great builds, interesting destinations.
I also have time to ban jerks if you like?
&gt; but it has a low-key charm and message that feels apt. Exactly and the songwriting with the reoccurring through line sound is fantastic.
Ha! True dat.
It's not even propaganda, it's smears, right wing smears.
Supposedly defaults were done away with?
Who needs an opposition party when Dems will eat their own?
And the twitter: https://twitter.com/TargetHusk
Nah, leave that fucker right there and pick him apart then beat the ever loving blue wave out of him and the GOP.
F
That said I wouldn't ban it but then you run into the "is it original content?" then it can't go in r/poetry and has to go in /r/OCPoetry and in there you end up having to paste the poem and give 2 decent feedbacks...
&gt; Nobody should be subjected to solitary confinement unless they are literally such a violent and dangerous threat Now if the right wing actually cared about these things you might be right but this is a concern troll from Clownhall and not to be confused with reforming our judicial/incarceration system.
Yes yes, fight among yourselves.
&gt; We need to throw neoliberalism under the bus What do you consider neoliberalism in terms of foreign policy?
Temporarily embarrassed millionaires.
&gt;disastrous behavior in 2016 Go on...
You're too far gone to help. No argument will help.
Bad what? Again, not a poll, just aggregate. You know what an aggregate is right? Hint: reddit is an aggregate. Now, talking about articles on RCP, you can shit on those.
Or why it takes a week to remove a doxx. Or why it takes weeks to remove death threats. Or why brigading is still not addressed or why...oh why bother :-/
Wat?
Great. I knew we could agree on something. Take care.
Grifters gonna grift.
Fuck AP.
I downvote stuff that gets spammy. cheers
The Weather in Space Is God being or pure force? The wind Or what commands it? When our lives slow And we can hold all that we love, it sprawls In our laps like a gangly doll. When the storm Kicks up and nothing is ours, we go chasing After all we’re certain to lose, so alive— Faces radiant with panic. ----- 2 lines after each line
&gt;Captain Tariffs That's perfect. That would stick.
C'mon OP, 2 spaces after each line: -------------------- a smile to remember we had the goldfish and they went around and around in the bowl on the table near the purple drapes across our front picture window and my mother, poor fish, always smiling, wanting to appear happy, she always told me, "be happy, Henry," and she was right: it's better to be happy if you can be but my father beat her two or three times a week while raging through his 6 foot two frame because he couldn't defeat what was attacking him. my mother, poor fish, poor goldfish, poor nothing fish, wanting to be happy, being beaten two or three times a week and telling me to be happy: "Henry, smile! why don't you smile? and then, she always did to show me how, and it was the saddest smile I ever saw upon the earth, like hell and hell and hell and hell, and nothing else one day all the goldfish died, all five of them, they floated on top of the water, on their sides, the eye on each top side still open, and when my father got home he threw them to the cat there on the kitchen floor and we watched as my mother smiled
My top 7 so far: Big Thief - UFOF Lamchop - This (is what I wanted to tell you) Weyes Blood - Titanic Rising Bill Callahan - Sheepskin Vest Deerhunter - Why HAsn't Everything Already Disappeared Orville Peck - Pony American Football - LP3
Removed. Wrong sub.
Big Thief is also full of said bangers. Not a bad song.
I'm older so it made me think of [Star Chamber](https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w500_and_h282_face/nIkXyyiw7SFj4nOS4q0EC63sD08.jpg) https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/12633-the-star-chamber
&gt;“Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.”
I mean unless it's an attack on Biden then up it goes. Welcome to 2016 all over again.
I'm just hoping the left emulates the right and learns to have its own 11th commandment: &gt;Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican. This idea lead to a cohesion that they have used to do some truly horrific things the last 40 years. Will take the same concerted effort to turn things the other way.
Sanders is by far the most electable candidate :D
2020 is gonna be so much damn fun!
He's a big zero in my eyes.
Millions of non-racist Americans opposed having their children bused to another location. It was like a NIMBY position.
Go delete some more comments dude.
&gt; I'm willing to take Gravel and Tulsi lol
&gt; Do they honestly think the whole world forgot? They don't give a fuck.
As it turns out, moderating hundred million people in a million communities is a big fucking job. Fuck were we naive about what the internet would become.
Grandpas gonna gramp.
This wasn't a gaff, this was smart politics. Biden is peeling off Trump voters. Like it or not, that's what he's doing, appealing to the right and independents.
You and me both. I've donated to Bernie since the 00s! But these slash and burn, smear your pwn party pukes are ruining and kind of discussion.
Absolutely true. Outside of reddit/internet, Bernie ain't very popular.
Yeah, it's just so abused right now in America I'm leery of it. They could absolutely do more civic engagement via neighborhood cleanup or any number of city wide issues needing volunteers.
Joe Biden turned me into a newt.
&gt;As habitual as a migration of birds, clients have come to me thrilled their loved one has stopped drinking, yet report that the partnership is as brittle as tinder and inexplicably worse than before. Confusion abounds as both have desired sobriety and yet now that it is here, wonder why the relationship seems to be on rockier ground than when the alcoholic was drinking. This can be the world of the "dry drunk" whether alcoholic or drug addict, however here I refer only to the alcoholic. &gt;So, what is a "dry drunk"? In putting the pieces together from my own personal experiences as well as my clients, the description seems to be universal; one that abstains from alcohol, but is still grappling with the emotional and psychological maladies that may have fueled their addiction to begin with, and continues to have a strangle hold on their psyche. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/heartache-hope/201105/is-there-dry-drunk-in-your-life
I had my 20th year FSU film school reunion for my MFA class of about 22 people. It was in a house we rented in Bel Air. Amazing people. I'm very fortunate in that I usually come to be around awesome groups of people.
&gt;I wouldn’t say no one Don't hurt your arm :D j/k, brilliant call.
This is purdy! Thanks a ton!
&gt; That's what they said last time when the DNC was being run by Hillary's campaign. Same lies over and over.
It's not allowed. Report the sub and it'll get fixed.
Generational theory as well as cyclical political theory can be at play: &gt;[The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historians Arthur M. Schlesinger Sr. and Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. to explain the fluctuations in politics throughout American history[1][2]. In this theory, the United States's national mood alternates between liberalism and conservatism. Each phase has characteristic features, and each phase is self-limiting, generating the other phase. This alternation has repeated itself several times over the history of the United States. A similar theory for American foreign policy was proposed by historian Frank J. Klingberg.[3] He proposed that the United States has repeatedly alternated between foreign-policy extroversion and introversion, willingness to go on international adventures and unwillingness to do so. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory_(American_history))
Im 50, my whole lifetime has been virulently conservative...but times they are a changin'.
Nonsense.
Absolute nonsense.
Downvotes and upvotes are the lifeblood of this entire site, good or bad. They feed the algorithm, they inform moderators, they steers conversation. I say vote and vote often!
&gt;I wonder why I attract these emotionally unavailable women. Can be simply the habit of knowing that behavior (mother or father figure was unavailable) or you can dig deeper and find that you may be picking that which you want the most, to be alone, abandoned. You can also be an alcoholic and pick unavailable people so you can keep drinking.
Jesus H. Christ Berners. Get your shit together.
Yep, once they don't have an audience they lose their interest.
&gt; Because people like you scoffed at someone who has worked most of his entire life to make things better for regular people. You know nothing about my type. I've been giving to Sanders since 2000. But he had to basically smear Hillary to gain traction in the 2016 primaries going scorched earth and that was that. I'm all fine with politics but he wounded her badly with his smears and did more to give us Trump than anyone save the MSM. He's tainted goods to me now. You don't come back from that.
Oh look, crpossposting to garner support for your thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins/duplicates/c5tx6o/stop_silently_blocking_bitchute_and_censoring/
It can sometimes feel that way in Baby's First Election^tm.
*crickets*
&gt; Mexico is not a bad place to live. You don't need to risk your life to escape it. You don't know that. You don't know what they were trying to escape. This reads as victim blaming.
Dig deeper then.
Always the DNC or Hillary...yawn.
&gt; Yes, temporally it would have been even worse...but Americans are not bad people, just people, and seeing the pictures they would have revolted and the practice would have stopped By anyone's definition this is 'lacking empathy' for those kids. Just FYI.
Because they did it last time. And in many places before that and after. So why wouldn't they?
Agreed, bland and kinda tired. Definitely not firebrand 2016.
And maybe split off for a protest vote, divide up them Dems.
She is literally a Boomer and literally making money and wealth in at least the top 5%. The point is, not all boomers are bad. There's always outliers.
&gt; least sincere How are you measuring that?
&gt; The front runner last time stood on stage and yelled that none of these ideas would ever come to pass. Wtf, no she didn't. You're beyond help.
&gt; none of these ideas would ever come to pass. "None" to "Universal Healthcare" is a disingenuous leap you made.
&gt; Did you miss the last election? It was certainly something. The following is a 16 second video of Hillary saying exactly what I said she did. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4wQ39-kCTE Lad? Your link is her saying that UHC would never happen. You said: &gt;The front runner last time stood on stage and yelled that **none of these ideas** would ever come to pass. So you basically fudged it to sound like she was against everything which is lying. Take a legit point, twist it with hyperbole and turn it into a nasty smear. That's what I called out. Your hyperbole is just too much.
OPs really should remember to clear the comments when buying used accounts.
Thanks!
Gaslight Obstruct Project
This thread is a honeypot of concern.
&gt; I'm left-wing (though not by the US definition, rather the contemporary UK) and the extent of my interaction with TD was seeing the top post of all time on topminds /r/thatHappened
Ah, she's a centrist now. That didn't take long.
Stop. Folks can lie as a political attack but this history is too recent for these kind of games to make any sense.
What I'm saying is stop cutting and pasting walls of text in threads. Period. If you want to do such things, make your own thread.
Original poetry goes in: /r/OCPoetry But please follow rules there in sidebar.
I first saw that on VHS and wore that bastard out.
I have a hard time trusting a user who deletes their history.
Sounds kind of paranoid. I think OP was talking about trolls in general but if you need to feel persecuted so you can fight back then, go for it!
No because people make mistakes all the time and I'm not a super defensive person that takes comments on the internet personally like you're doing here.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/emccc2/joe_biden_currently_favorite_in_wideopen/fdnoo85/ https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/emccc2/joe_biden_currently_favorite_in_wideopen/fdnmm20/
Any idea on release date?
Rituals is still in my rotation. What an album.
In 40 years of Clinton investigations, the GOP has spent well over 400 million dollars. And found a blowjob.
40 years of Clinton investigations = 400 million.
Nah. Go blue, no matter who.
einreBBernie
Christ, the anti-SGI subs are not sending their best.
Because they have a representational voting system and the US has winner take all.
&gt;I posted this on the SGI page but it was deleted by a moderator because apparently they want to really prove to everyone that they actually *are* incapable of doing anything more sophisticated than "celebrating victories"? I dunno. Sigh. Everything gets auto-removed in /r/SGIUSA because the SGI subreddit is constantly inundated by the lovely people from the anti-SGI subs. Whether they're submitting porn links or gore links or drunkenly telling users to fuck off or whatever, I've had to restrict access so they don't turn the place into a joke. I just approved it and it's live over there now. It would be nice if just once I didn't get insulted by them and others because I don't let those folks shit all over this sub and that one. I am not SGI leadership FTR and neither of these subs are run by anyone but me.
&gt; I'm not surprised Biden sold all our plutonium to North Korea. Again?
Yikes.
Booooo!
Nasty defense, hit our shots, they couldn't hit the ocean with a boat, we were good on the boards and our backup PG got extra minutes cause AN sat a bit more/ All in all looks like a team that will hit its stride late which is the exact right time. -- Mr. Sunshine Pumper
Those Winter Sundays Robert Hayden Sundays too my father got up early and put his clothes on in the blueblack cold, then with cracked hands that ached from labor in the weekday weather made banked fires blaze. No one ever thanked him. I’d wake and hear the cold splintering, breaking. When the rooms were warm, he’d call, and slowly I would rise and dress, fearing the chronic angers of that house, Speaking indifferently to him, who had driven out the cold and polished my good shoes as well. What did I know, what did I know of love’s austere and lonely offices?
Check out his 2018 Foxwarren S/T album. More goodness.
&gt; This attitude is pathetic. C'mon we don't need this stuff.
&gt;I had hope after the Auburn game. That hope is diminished after last night's game. They're clearly more talented than LSU but they don't see to believe it. Once they gave up that lead (and gave LSU hope), I felt the lose coming Going on the road against a tourney team and almost pulling off a win is a HUGE positive.
I have always tried to help my fellow Gators view sports through a less angry and frustrating lens. After all, it's sports and there's always ups and downs. Cheers my friend!
Yeah I do feel bad for them but have lost a lot of that empathy as the vitriol gets worse and worse. Cheers to you my friend.
I started chanting for my mental health and really got a lot of improvement in that area over the years. But like everything I got lazy and stopped for a while and my mood, my work, my life suffered. Chanting is a beautiful thing that really does help your body and soul.
2 spaces after each line escapes the double spacing baloney.
Or go later with Love.
Lolol love that. How dare the SGI not become raving anger junkies.
FYI you are shadowbanned by reddit. Contact them for more info: https://www.reddit.com/contact/
didn't follow the rules.
I've always bristled at the idea of shakabuku. Go with what makes you feel comfortable.
Who cares. Well just get our own Minkah. With blackjack! And hookers!
I'm so sorry for your loss. :( You guys saved my neighborhood last night. Fucking heroes.
&gt;By NSA do you mean National Security Agency? That would be pretty cool. lol No that's the Nichiren Soshu's acronym.
One of my favorite things I got from recovery was that if I was sad or hurt or anything and I needed a day off I took it and didn't feel guilty. Good on you for taking good care of that Bodhisattva you are. *All votaries of the Lotus Sutra should be cherished.*
&gt; Justice Democrats turn light blue areas dark blue. The dog always wags the tail.
I was a SY stan when this came out and was right there with him and the review. I was so pissed they put this out I listened to it like 3 times and just put it away for good. I really need to go back and listen again.
13 years: yep. This is dead on.
Truly a great bit of tv making. All the actors are excellent and the writing amazing. Watch the movie "The Favorite" for more of the same.
What you see as bad faith, I see as avoiding logical fallacies. I won't get sucked into strawman arguments. Example: you asked me to refute three articles recently without setting the parameters of what you are asserting. Am I suppose to disprove SGI is a cult or am I to disprove the SGI spends money on elections in Japan? Or am I disputing that opinion piece in Forbes that bounces around from subject to subject. And let's say you want me to refute your terrible rick ross article that does nothing to make dubious claims. I mean, let's take the cult parameters by Mr. Ross- oh wait, his are all over the place and he includes calling ALL religions a cult. So what do I use? Yours is a vague and impossible to pin down argument. And as I expressed to you, I have no interest in trying to defend something I too would like to see change. Now, you'll repeat that I have dodged your claims and refuted nothing and I'll go about my business of not feeding what I see as a troll argument meant to annoy and harangue. But you are a kind person and respectful so I count you as a friend and hope you are doing very well.
I mean, OP gave feedback and formatted etc and we let folks put their blog there if they follow the rules. Not gonna tone police.
True.
It was cute in the early years as the only reddit employees were desperately just trying to keep the servers running...the users ran the show and then with the creation of subreddits, the user run model was real. But that's silly now. Time for reddit to do some of the heavy lifting.
Hahaha what a funny screed. Almost copy/pasta worthy.
First thing I thought of. The site has ruined me.
&gt;My wife was getting worse and worse, she was dying despite her being an SGI member for 10 years and me for 19 years. Within months of receiving a copy of a Nichiren Gohonzon she was cured and she is my rock today. I'm super happy for you guys but that's some really really spurious reasoning. And that really doesn't answer what I've been wondering for so long: why can't you folks just let it go. You hatred of the SGI seems to define you more than anything else I see.
&gt; You will NEVER be more than a menial in the SGI. Oh wow, you've slipped into some real sad stuff today bro. These are things that concern you but not me. I really don't think you read what I wrote above.
r/poetry r/OCPoetry Please add and thanks.
Muzz - Muzz Other Lives - For Their Love
&gt; Given the types of messages some of my friends have posted, I suspect a certain amount of virtue signaling is taking place. But that is only speculation. Virtue signaling is a legitimate form of communication and how a group of people collectively reforms their consciousness about the given topic. Nothing wrong at all with coming together and communicating that. &gt;For an institution that on paper stands for equality and the betterment of all humanity, remaining silent on this issue is suspicious I think you're a nice person so forgive me for not really believing in the veracity of your 'concern' for how the SGI handles communication and messaging.' I'm fine with their communication and viewpoint and that's probably more telling than their critics opinions.
See, I can't even read their stuff anymore. It's the worst of reddit trolling all wrapped up in one place. You're a stronger person than me as I read it all and just want to tell them all off :)
muzzzzum
&gt; why does SGI deny Shakyamuni and elevate that pig Daisaku Ikeda? Yo, this ain't the whistleblower sub. Leave that nasty stuff over there.
Nonsense.
What nonsense. He undid all of Obama police reforms: [How the Trump Administration Undid Obama’s Response to Ferguson](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/06/trump-doj-obama-policing-reform.html) [George Floyd's death highlights Trump's reversal of Obama-era police reforms](https://wjla.com/news/nation-world/george-floyds-death-highlights-trumps-reversal-of-obama-era-police-reforms) lol @ brash leader. More like ass leader.
Son, you've brought this on yourself.
See, you're bone to pick is with Ikeda which reveals you don't care about the members or Nichiren Buddhism but just tearing down Ikeda. And with that, I bid adieu.
Tonight I can write the saddest lines. Write, for example, 'The night is starry and the stars are blue and shiver in the distance.' The night wind revolves in the sky and sings. Tonight I can write the saddest lines. I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too. Through nights like this one I held her in my arms. I kissed her again and again under the endless sky. She loved me, sometimes I loved her too. How could one not have loved her great still eyes. Tonight I can write the saddest lines. To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her. To hear the immense night, still more immense without her. And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture. What does it matter that my love could not keep her. The night is starry and she is not with me. This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance. My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her. My sight tries to find her as though to bring her closer. My heart looks for her, and she is not with me. The same night whitening the same trees. We, of that time, are no longer the same. I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her. My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing. Another's. She will be another's. As she was before my kisses. Her voice, her bright body. Her infinite eyes. I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long. Because through nights like this one I held her in my arms my soul is not satisfied that it has lost her. Though this be the last pain that she makes me suffer and these the last verses that I write for her.
And it is Wednesday my dude.
low effort removed
C'mon MrSantaClause, be nice.
Maybe. I also find the resultant reaction from the anti-SJWs just as annoying.
If it was used to terrorize them then it's just as bad as the real thing.
Yeah I get it. I do need to dial down my anger a bit. I've let the years of getting attacked by the Whistleblowers go to my head.
We've deserved that for like 40 years. Sometime around Reagan...
My favorite part is when you never focus on your behavior but love to weigh in on mine. Just remember, I know when there alt accounts babbling. Especially when one is good cop and one is bad.
Sorry I don't know.
FFS they might be just incompetent. Sigh
Lot of older Gators prolly.
Awww &lt;3
:( You put he 'tear' in volunteer.
Or Gator Taint! wait-
Aw, I'd take you as a dad. Good job, Zlat.
&gt; Yeah this is always so weird to me why this sub does this. You don't understand why the 'enough Sanders Spam' sub would gloat after 6 insufferable years of being inundated with Sanders posts and comments and being yelled at, shit on and generally run out of parts of reddit for not thinking Sanders is the messiah? Really?
&gt; That said, I know moderating this place cannot be a very fun job recently due to the lack of sports and excess of politics going around everywhere. This.
As an old fucker, "half of my whole life is gone" is a devastatingly beautiful line to start this great album.
Muzz . . . Hamilton Leithauser - The Loves of Your life Modern Nature - Annual Once and Future Band - Deleted Scenes Other Lives - For Their Love
Maybe they are running out of material? At least they have downvoting to keep them strong.
Cool story. Doesn't change the fact that the SGIWhistleblower sub has more of the hallmarks of a cult than the SGI does. But I mean, more power to you if you folks want to be a cult. As long as no one gets hurt, I support your endeavors.
