Well that is your opinion. There's no need to voice it to people that do enjoy it though. Like, I hate cake but I dont go to a birthday party and bitch that theres cake there. Other people are eating it.
Pussy ass cornbread fuck niggas?
The internet was a mistake
What about the two people doing the exact same thing next to him?
You can unsub and hide it from /r/all
There was one that was "people that type with the keyboard sound effects on, why?" So you really want to know or are you saying "DAE THINK THIS IS ANNOYING?"
I should have worded that better. I meant on phones
Keep those Jean's high and tight
Yeah I'm going to whistle back and then shoot
I want to believe you but I don't
So you actually met him and stuff? That's pretty cool
Thanks for standing up for us. We can't ourselves
Hewwo :3
I beat the first prologue last night and I never found him. I didn't look for him but now I feel bad I didn't
25 years ago some dude pissed his girlfriend off so bad by playing "the final countdown" she threw the tape out of the window. I bet if you keep looking you'll find her remains
I'd go with tattoos in general for me. They look good on other people but I'm too skinny and it would look weird
Theres a difference between desensitized and being unsympathetic
You need to be a rancher to handle her
You just saw our president ask "which is the one that matters?" On something he clearly didnt read and then sign it with a sharpie and you're thinking "yeah, that guys great". Your insults don't mean too much right now.
You're picking up items and waving them. I hate to be insulting but it's not strenuous in the slightest
Yeah I learned about the trail of tears at least 3 different years
The soundtrack to into the wild is great. Eddie Vedder made an album for it and there was more great songs besides his stuff. The movie itself is really good though too
&gt;Your mom's house with tom Segura and Christina P Keep it high and tight jeans
He said it. It's now fact
My favorite dad cow joke is when you drive past cows on a road trip you say "wow, look at that flock of cows!" Then hope the person corrects you by saying "heard of cows*" Then you say "heard of them? Theres a whole flock of them right there!"
It's been the best year I've had in at least 3 years. Social life is better, job is the same but I'm climbing the ladder, saw my favorite band (even though I have the past 3 years), went Atlanta, Vegas, tampa on vacation and none of which I've been to before.
Whoops that's what I meant.
*slowly takes out elk testicles*
Grunt when sitting up/down, especially getting out of the car, complain about noise as long as I'm not making it, say kids spend too much time on their phones but I'm always on mine too. I could go on
Dutch.
I beat the first prologue last night. I'm still full of rage this morning
Yeah I'm gonna replay the first one after I'm 100% done. I'm hoping they remaster the first
I never really understood why people need to wear suits/ties to work. "Cuz they look professional" isn't a good answer to me. If a person is acting professional in a professional setting while wearing sweatpants it wouldn't make a difference to me
Just.... let him figure it out
Shit before leaving work. You're gonna have diarrhea driving home and have to go in a gas station bathroom
What about the front?
Like "cool" it's from the tv show workaholics
I'm sure mine isn't going to be the craziest but it was very disrespectful. My great aunt had just passed and she was very close with my aunts and uncles. My non blood related uncle and my aunt had just gotten engaged about a week before and it still hasnt been brought up. We sit down to eat and my uncle stands up and gets everyone's attention clearly a little teary eyed and starts to say a start of a toast to my great aunt, then my new uncle stands up and interrupted him by saying "hey guys I want to thank you all for talking about the engagement" We still all hate him
Oh that explains why my pee is red
"I'll have a beer"
I'm not that into rap but the first thing that came to mind is Biggie's ready to die Barton hall 77' from the grateful dead is my usual answer
....haha
Did he provide proof? Everything he posted isnt highly upvoted and I can't read in Spanish
The AMA is removed tho
No idea
Why do you have to be so mean?
I'm 26 and thought I was in relatively good shape until I started noticing the noises lol
What? I dont have any alts
I really dont doubt it
Oh good that made me feel better since I'm 26 too
Don't think the 11 years of smoking helped. Quit last month though!
Props on the title OP
Maybe that's why I thought of it. I love that show
I knew it was a joke but I made the "just... let him figure it out" comment. I was browsing new on ask reddit and the question was posted less than a minute before and I wanted karma
I knew it was a joke OP, I just wanted karma
I was. I made the second comment It was clearly a joke but it was low hanging fruit
Just try Amazon. I'm getting a giraffe related gift from there and I just searched giraffe and found some good stuff
My name is satan by Stephen lynch
Yeah it's a solid copypasta
They really like to say the N word
Like ~~4 months~~ some time ago it was you're average run of the mill cringe sub but then it filled up with political shit making fun of liberals and shortly after that it was just blatant racism.
Oh my memory for time is always really bad. I know it wasn't always like that I remember it wasn't always political. The most right wing I remember it before it was a circle jerk was making fun of tumblr stuff and I don't count that
I unsubbed there so long ago I forgot it existed
Doesn't matter to me what side of politics anybody is. If you do or say cringey/stupid things it's all the same
Ok buddy
^check ^the ^sub
He figured it out in his second comment though
"Check out my new mixtape. It's called I even kill ghosts"
I just got into their podcasts 3 months back and have listened to 250-326 plus the new ones and man, it's not like the new ones are bad but before there was kid talk it was more fun. I think they had there first around 320 though
They're at a fucking funeral. Are they supposed to be smiling and talking to each other?
Britney was nice enough to only fuck up her own hair
I saw this picture with the same title on Facebook last week. Shame on you OP
It has a huge fan base on reddit so it cant be that good. I'm kidding I'm the same way. I want to watch it but it's not on Netflix. Every clip I've seen is hilarious
Did anybody else have the super Nintendo game? I still have it but I only vaguely remember it. I'm pretty sure the whole game you were trying to chase Spunky after he got out
I'll have to take a vacation to Europe to watch it
Watching Curry has completely desensitized me to shots like this
No that's too easy
I use an app called "rain rain" which is free and you can mix 3 different noises. My favorite is ocean waves, fire crackle and seagulls
Yes. My name is Bill Butlicker They wouldnt let me put Buttlicker though
This is William M. Buttlicker and I'll have you know my family built this country!
Who's posting this tomorrow? We need to keep this daily tradition going
If you drive a car you're not living naturally. If you have heat in your house that isnt from a fire you're not living naturally. If you don't wear clothes skinned from a dead animal you killed with a sharpened stick you're not living naturally. I hate these people
A lot of kids do it for attention and think it'll make the cool kids like them more. It's not always the parents fault but it sometimes could be
I said: &gt;"I don't have a real opinion on this post I was just stating it's not always the parents fault. Some kids are just easily influenced by other kids like a **primate** see **primate** do thing. (I guess yeah, you can say the **primate** see **primate** do thing with the parent too) &gt;I like what the father did but sure I could see recording it being a bad idea. I don't know the guy outside the video so I can't read into him being a good parent or bad parent" But instead of primate said m o n k e y I'm assuming that word is said a lot in the wrong way in this sub
Back in my day they were called "vines"
[They were my number 1 too... by probably a lot](https://i.imgur.com/CcwaiEV_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&amp;shape=thumb&amp;fidelity=medium)
How do they know its wine if it hasnt been open?
How many miles to the gallon did you get?
They let you guys out of /r/highqualitygifs? I mean, I know this is a gif sub but this is a first for me
I quit about a month ago after 11 years and like 3 months ago they started putting warning labels inside the packaging. I stopped looking at the pack itself after that so even though I like the idea they need to stop warning people to not smoke if they want people found.
Took me a second
26
Can you say "these books are due on the 7th?"
I comment every hour and if people don't like what I have to say, fuck em ^cuz ^I'll ^just ^delete ^my ^comment ^and ^pretend ^it ^didn't ^happen
When you work hard you'll get rewarded
Lmao same.
I dont think that's what they're implying. That's how 15 year olds just act regardless of generation.
&gt;Wow, one hour and this is my most upvoted post ever, even though it’s just a filthy repost... Oh. Well I'll downvote it now
Good lord
This is how children act
Hes getting on average ten more minutes per game and lebron isn't there so it frees up the boards
I'm confused. So someone you knew was selling a textbook and you were buying it but they texted the wrong number about a different thing they were selling? Or are you just trolling them?
Fuck. Why cant we joke about everyone and accept it as a joke? It's not a hard concept
Bill Burr said something like"no shit. Theres no people in the ocean"
So it wasn't really a wrong number? If you post this with the story on /r/oopsdidntmeanto you'll get more karma
I need the playoffs to start so I dont have to watch this stuff anymore
Oh never mind you did before I suggested it lol
Lag, microtransactions and not getting laid
Maybe it's a birthing playlist
This story is ridiculously funny and I hate to be a stickler but I'm not seeing any fuck up
That's me right now.... sorry guys
I mean... it shocked myself how much I did listen to but I dont see why I would think other people would care
I've seen the office 10 times through and this is something I dont remember
Ah ok. I've seen the British one before but it's been years
I'd be wondering if they were asking for a blowjob or a hitman
If they didnt have silver/gold/platinum there would be pop up ads all over reddit that we'd be forced to watch. That's how reddit gets its funding it's a good idea.
Well that made my morning better
Yeah that's true. I know theres still ads but there would totally be more if it wasnt for gold. I'm not sure why they did add silver or platinum though cuz you're right gold was enough
What's a griefer? I see it all the time in this sub
Oh that was.... self explanatory lol. Thanks
Oh, if they were Sean Jean sweatpants it would be no problem, but because they were Costco brand, it's the worst thing I could do.
"Maybe I should pull up next to him and let him know.....na I'll just film and hope something terrible happens"
Only the superior minds of reddit can make jokes ^/s
Even if the daughter just didn't want the cat at least she would be trying to find it a new home.
Went on a tinder "date" once and ghosted her because she mentioned watching the big bang theory
I have a ton of answers to this. Unsuccessfully front flipped off a bench in the middle of winter (multiple times), unsuccessfully flipped off a table inside and hit the ceiling, threw a bottle trying to be funny and broke my tv, accused a woman of killing her husband who was only dead for like 20 minutes, ate too much uncooked cookie dough, lit fireworks inside. That's all I can think of right now
Binge a podcast dude. My personal favorite is your moms house podcast with Tom Segura and Christina P. Try it out
Oh man I forgot about that sub. It was huge in my first few years of reddit
Ave, true to Caesar
Lol no. I assume they got downvoted cuz people thought they were a guy "white knighting". There's plenty of reasons to hate reddit but typically I've never seen someone get downvoted just cuz they're a girl
What the fuck? Dude, you're lucky that you aren't with her. She knew exactly what she was doing when she did that. Small people only feel big when making others feel small. Be grateful that's not in your life anymore
Ah ok. I could actually believe that cuz girls recovery time after a relationship is pretty fast no matter how serious it was.... also I have no idea who the girl is like and judged her off a single comment lol Edit: I'll take my downvotes. I generalized and deserve it. I know it isn't always the case I guess I'm just saying that from my experience
You're right it totally does differ person to person, situation to situation. Spoke from self experiance and made the stupid assumption that everyone else agreed lol
Na you didn't come off as stupid I was the one that generalized
Lol we can't talk about things similar experiences to the gif? You coulda just scrolled past. It's not a big deal
What?
No I most definitely don't. We didn't even end on bad terms really but at one point in every relationship even for a few minutes the thought of being together for a lifetime passes through your head and when you see them with someone else at least for me it took me back to that feeling and then realizing it wasnt happening in a split second. Hard to really explain why I guess
The best fallout IMO
I've always thought that weird. I drink a lot but if someone tells me they don't it's not a dealbreaker on a friendship. It's like oh, you dont do drugs? I dont need that negativity in my life lol
I doubt it. He didnt really hit her but he did constrict the fuck out of her. In all honesty I wouldnt have been able to keep my composure if she spit on me
I saw the typo 5 minutes after I submitted it. I get believe it took that long to get called out
Yes I'm so excited. I didn't get fallout 76 cuz I was busy with red dead (and work) but from what I've heard I dodged a bullet
I'm not sure when this will be the answer, but when it is I'll make sure to let you know
I bought red dead redemption and beat it
Where did Billy go after the explosion? Everywhere Knock knock? Who's there? Not Billy
I've always found those subs so forced and fake. Then again I have a cold heart
That dude that dresses like a futuristic tin man and goes "Ha ha ha, ha ha ha, ha bodadodaodo haha ha"
I don't like any super hero type movies but I see the appeal of them. However, I saw a trailer for this last night and holy shit it looked terrible.
For years I've said your joke then follow it with mine. We joined forces on this one
I buy these every time I see them. I work in a machine shop and I throw them at coworkers when they're not paying attention (in safe situations). Its pretty fucking funny to see them jump
Thanks for the medical advice /u/Dr_Bukkake
What is EFLC?
Ah ok. Thank you
Lol right after I submitted asking I asked myself why I didn't Google it
Plug walk
It was a club for teens in the early 2000s in the Chicago area. Pretty much everyone around my age has embarrassing pictures from there Obviously not the same thing as the gif
Yep there was another one called club soda which was equally cringey but all the cool kids went to zero gravity
/r/cringe
&gt;obviously not the same thing as the gif
Looks like he pressed something into his hand to make the anarchy symbol and was joking about the entire thing
&gt;If that was rhe case then the entire cast of Monty Python is gay. They were doing it for comedic purposes. that's a really stupid comparison I agree with everything else you said besides that one line
I called my knockoff Fitbit "shitbit". It got a laugh like 3/10 times
~~I gotta assume she was saying what was on the script. It doesn't make it any better but the writers are most likely to blame~~ Never mind. Saw more tweets and she's a stupid cunt
I should try this. I usually just go to target and microwave them for a minute and a half
I know hulu just picked up letterkenny for more seasons and I'm obsessed with that show so it'll be justified
I hope so cuz I like it here but like saying cunt a lot too
I think it's really cool
I cant believe someone would even offer to let someone else use their Tesla
One is dead and one is an accused serial rapist. Some aged well though
He's been killing it in dead &amp; co
That's you're opinion and you're entitled to it but I wholeheartedly disagree
Danny Masterson (Hyde). He's involved with the church of scientology and they allegedly covered up a ton of his rapes. That's also the reason why he isn't on "the ranch" anymore
"Just cuz we're famous doesn't mean we have to believe in evidence and science"
Not OP but I YouTubed "anime club" and this was the second result. There's a pretty good selection if you're interested in a good cringe
My dad was telling me yesterday that in Chicago in the 90s he was driving by the United center on 290 and a car bumped his work truck and when he pulled over 3 guys got out of the car running up obviously about to try and rob him so he floored it and got out of there. I forgot what he called it but this robbing technique has a name
A coworker found mine last year because commented using a picture of something at our work right around my area and they commented "that looks familiar. Is this (my real name)" and I just responded "oh shit". I went through their history to try and figure out who it was and couldn't piece it together. The only thing I found out was they smoked weed. It still bugs me to this day
It's actually a requirement we wear them every day year round
Hmmm. That was also in 1985.... bears fans, we need a real bear and a shitload of blow to reenact this this year
I can tell by their recommendations they aren't lying. "Because you watched Shaun of the dead here's new girl"
/u/millllllls not for me. I look for downvoted comments Also, it hurt my eyes trying to count the l's in your username
Theres a lot of love in making a murder
Chimpanzees often use sticks as crude tools
Lmao. I was just quoting "dude where's my car?" But that was so great. Grandma took shit to the face like a champ
Great quality on all the shots
I've seen it plenty of times I'll try and find it for you Edit: ~~diffrent~~ [possibly the same girl but shes got a cannon too](https://i.imgur.com/UobJQxz.gifv) It's hard to find because when I searched "girl launches football gif" it's a ton of Tom Brady gifs
Holy shit. I'm planning on getting a Bertha tat in Vegas in 2 months and wanted a creative twist on it. I'm not planning on stealing you're design but that is perfect
*^shhhh*
We can share the women we can share the desiiiiign
Does nobody notice the real response has been whited out and then typed over?
Was that comment meant for me? I'm not understanding what you're saying
That should be going to wikipedia ^or ^an ^actual ^cause
If you believe this is real please don't vaccinate your children.
I couldn't make sense of your comment for a second then checked that guys account.... holy shit
&gt;Lowkey it wasnt even that funny It was pretty fucking funny to me but definitely not funnier than javale. I'll meet in the middle on this one
Reddit really doesn't understand jokes
Bet it'll still have 5k upvotes in 2 hours Edit: I'm glad I was wrong
How many times did you pull your horn today bud?
Second favorite besides the one on /r/gratefuldead that posts a link to a show if you put a date in a comment
..... I didn't know I needed that until this minute
Feeding the geese, distributing free literature
I've told this story on this sub before but one time I got pulled over and had expired plate stickers. The cop asks "do you know why I pulled you over?" And I said "for the sticker" and he goes "the deadhead one?"(stealie on my bumper) "No my license plate sticker" Then he went back and checked. He only pulled me over cuz I made a rolling stop at a stop sign and was going to give me a warning. Gave me a ticket for the sticker instead. I narced on myself
Dude looks like the giant from the movie big fish
Enjoy Zack!
Not like they look good now
I too like browsing by top all month
This is definitely one of those subs you don't see on the front page often. I do the same with /r/publicfreakout
I would've been great at football if I knew I could just jump over everyone
My friend looks just like this kid and he is not enjoying these memes. Keep it up
I really respect your effort put into it
&gt;EDIT 2: uh, PLATINUM? my kid is *really* sick, i need a brand new iphone xs to use reddit on the pooper. don't waste my time if you won't go under 150 and deliver for free. I normally hate edits for gold/platinum but this was great. Keeping the spirit of the sub alive lol good work OP
I'm sure there is some rule 34 backing up this statement
Like it was staged
Burnt Chrysler is the fattest most racist comedian around
Why does everyone on the internet say boomers call our generation lazy? I've not once heard that
Where's the fuck up?
Oh my god. I never would've thought about this book again
It is. His friend Tom Segura has a podcast called "your mom's house" and always makes fun of Bert by calling him fat/racist/alcoholic and purposely messes up his name
Man, I did too I'm still sad about it. Hamish was the man.
Related: I'm a second gen too. My dad followed them through the late 70s-mid eighties Unrelated: your mom looks like a grown up El from stranger things And mainly, I'm sorry for your loss
Wow I thought it would've been more time than that. Looks great!
Easily the best copypasta
If someone has a ten second video for a ten second task that I need help with I'd donate so they didn't need to rely on ads for revenue
26 why do you ask?
You're telling me if I eat less, I won't be fat? Mind blown.
You gotta sort your priorities out
He also said it first in the second panel right before reading the sign...
Wasn't she just talking about sports in gym class though? I can't remember perfectly
Well obviously. He's too busy getting revenge
I don't get how you can do this one on one and these guys took it to the next level. *A creepy asterisk threesome*
All three pictures from back then are great!
OP sucks
We're just circle jerking about reposts but yeah you're right
They don't suck at all. I'm a fan
You fucker. I'll see this shared by 1 out of my 88 Facebook friends
Ah sorry. I don't visit the sub as often as I should so I haven't seen the complaints
No the Garth stuff cracks me up and that's usually spaced out enough
I feel bad for the guy
Just heard this last week and nearly died laughing
I'm an alcoholic and that's fucking disgusting
He's been making fun of himself in the past two years or so because of the way he acted. He had a video of him reacting to "mindblowing facts" and it was satire and hilarious. I can't hate the kid for being a woke teenager cuz I went through a similar phase just like a lot of us did.
That's every post here
Unrelated but I'd love to hear your grateful dead stories
/r/u_obviousplant
In a sense it makes it worse. If you wake the person up they're like "sorry I can't help it" then they fall back asleep and it continues
The whole night with me and my girlfriend is just each other waking up the other one to tell say "stop snoring" lol I've been meaning to get us nasal strips to try and help but I hear mouth guards are the way to go
As Scottie Wallis would say "*YEW!*"
My friend dared me to tickle some guys foot at a baseball game because he kept accidentally touching me with it since he was sitting cross legged next to me. It was anything but wholesome for either of us
Dude I feel him. Why are there ads in solitaire apps? How far are these stupid fucking ads going?
I usually hate /r/awardspeechedits but I think I'm fine overlooking it when you get 73x silvers. What the fuck lol
I'm commenting because I want to read that book but never check my saved reddit stuff
I can name the entire Chicago Cubs roster from 2003 but can name 2 guys to walk on the moon
Same. The "real" way is black magic to me and I won't ever understand it
"Who are these kids and why do they keep calling me dad?" "I'd rather be a good liver than have one"
Thanks. It changed the font on reddit is fun and I don't like change
Friendly terrorism. Let's make it happen. We just need a name Al payed-ya?
There's nothing even slightly unbelievable about this.
Yeah from what I hear almost any type of mouth guard works. I don't know the how or why though
It'll be removed on here but it belongs over there
Still have PTSD from that
They stopped calling him theo when the Cosby shit emerged but out of habit every once in a while "theo" would come out instead of "feef". This whole theogate thing is just annoying at this point
They don't, they never remove shit. If I buy shares in KFC I can't change the menu
My favorite is either sneaking hotdogs/pickles into people's pockets or when he covered himself in peanut butter and went to the dog park
Bucket bucket
Probably was satire in his mind but sending it to someone on tinder is cringey as fuck
His mannerisms through the whole thing made my skin crawl but when he was awkwardly moving his arms in that scene.... holy shit man. Holy shit.
I'm cool with that if that's the case I'm just super excited I'm going lol
You a idiot
Helloooooooooo offseason
And a partridge in a pear tree
*checks scoreboard* Yes.
Good bot.
Really? I think it's pretty cool but hey, some people like their cucumbers pickled
Gotta thank Dave Chappelle for that one lol
That's awesome!
Unfortunately I'm not sure. My girlfriend sent it to me and it's a bit blurry where the signatures are
Damn. I'm on my way up there now though!
I'm in 216 man and bird song and to lay me down was nothing but chatter
It was a great first set overall though, did not except a the other one opener at all and the Jack straw closer was intense
I got an extra ticket from the show I can take a picture of and you can try and scan if you want. I might forget till tomorrow but remind me
Ohhh gotcha. That was definitely a hell of a show worth another watch/listen
The guy that checked my bag put a rod in, stirred and handed it back to me. I'm thinking "are you sure its good?" Lol
Married as in.... actually married right there??? You can't make this shit up lmao. I love us deadheads
I'm mad at myself for not getting tickets for tonight. Any time I do 1 out of 2 shows i feel like i watched half of an incredible movie
Yeah plus he's got a phat ass. Am I right fellas???
Same here I have an extra one that likely wont be used
Yeah. I saw it yesterday and it was cool and all, just not $60 cool lol. I got a cool tshirt though!
.....wow.
Ahhhh looks like a great set. How'd it sound? My God I shoulda got both nights!
That's great man! Hope it matches that energy from last night. I'll end up buying the stream or audio tomorrow from tonight. Keep me posted!
That does make it better. I just pictured myself behind you and got a little flustered
Aw man. I see you on this sub all the time and always like your comments (and username). I've had a bad day, I've been malicious in this thread so I apologize to OP /u/paynelive, you and everyone else that reads my angry ass comments. Hope tonight was as great and sorry for my drunk ass projecting
Don't know why I didn't see your comment but saw your PM but either way I'm so happy it made it's way to you guys! Congratulations again!
This was posted 3 hours ago and is on the front page my dude
It happens just giving you a heads up before someone calls you a bundle of sticks
At least trying to get a ball like that has been on my bucket list since I was 10
LOL SO RANDUM XD
Imported with a short shelf life. I'm talking out of my ass cuz I'm too lazy to Google but that's my assumption. Bananas can't grow when they're being eaten by 20 foot spiders before they're ripe so they outsource them
*nervous smile* "come on man"
Block number, get involved with someone else and you're good
*Based on true events*
I mention 20 foot spiders stoping the production of bananas and that's where you drew the line?
Once upon a time there was an engineer. Drove a locomotive both far and near. Accompanied by a monkey that would sit on a stool Watching everything the engineer would do One day the engineer wanted a bite to eat, He left the monkey sitting on the driver's seat, The monkey pulled the throttle, the locomotive jumped the gun And did 80 miles an hour down the mainline run. Big locomotive right on time, big locomotive coming down the line. Big locomotive No. 99, left the engineer with a worried mind. The engineer called up the dispatcher on the phone, To tell him all about his locomotive was gone. Dispatcher got on the wire, switch operator to the right, Cause the monkey's got the main line sewed up tight. The switch operator got the message on time, Said there's a Northbound livin' on the same main line, Open up the switch I'm gonna let him through the hole, Cause the monkey's got the locomotive under control. Big locomotive right on time, big locomotive coming down the line. Big locomotive No. 99, left the engineer with a worried mind
I can't stand when people say "sexy times"
I can't take credit, it's a short grateful dead song called [monkey and the engineer](https://youtu.be/GmYfjlr0GFA)
The only time I really hear/see it is on /r/tifu posts involving sex
We had an "immigrant day" in school around 6th grade and where we would dress up like people arriving at Ellis island. I got a flat brimmed sort of train conductor hat for that day, thought I looked cool so I wore it everyday for like a year. It was not well received
Good ol' grateful dead
But he rides the subway and pets dogs! He's just like me!
We all suck pp around here son
Keanu Reeves
......fuck.
-drugs "What kind?" "Leave it to the experts"
Do it
Liquid, solid, gas, it don't matter bro. I'm fuckin you
SUP KANE
He's wearing sweatpants and put on some weight. Sounds like aging not necessarily depression
They walk down the street and that's fine even though they're in close vicinity of strangers, whys it matter if distant people see them?
Arguably the best dead and co show I've been to yet
After watching it for the 25th time it lost a little bit of its spice
Lmaoooo ohhhh noooo
I'm from Chicago so outside of the obvious police racially profiling (which I'm not undermining at all) there isn't *a ton* of blatant racism civilian to civilian. I mean a noticeable amount, but I've never seen anything like this video in person. Anyway, I move up to the middle of nowhere in upstate New York. Everyone there was white, didn't see a single person that wasn't white for months. Until one day I was driving somewhere with my new "friends" and we drive past this black dude and one person in the car was like "HOLY SHIT LOOK!" and everyone was freaking out and it took me a second why they were. Two of the people in the car have never seen a black person (in person) before. They even turned the car around and that's when I started telling them off and calling them ignorant. They yelled the N word at while we passed him again and then called me an N word lover. I moved back to Chicago not long after that. Fucking crazy how stupid people are.
I'd say we treat everyone like shit equally. Not quite to the NYC level but its similar Plus the Southside is just.... terrifying. A large area of the Southside is practically a war zone
Just heard this. Was about to make a post but searched first. I know it's not important, won't change shit but I want the information about why theres beef
*yeah go slower*
[*yeah...turn it over*](https://youtu.be/gTo_NKvZJ6E)
Why are you getting downvoted for answering a question that was asked? Is it the "hail corporate" circlejerk? Edit: was at -5
&gt;sentences, So This guy
"Always a hoot"
Been a deadhead since birth and had the pleasure of seeing them for the 4th year in a row a few weeks ago at Wrigley. Next year I'm 100% doing there annual Mexico "playing in the sand" shows. If someone reading this isnt into the dead I highly recommend giving them a chance. They have something for everyone
What an animal
[Europe 72](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCC2EEDF80A02206A)- definitely their most famous tour. Of course every show was recorded and is available on spotify but I linked the compilation/best of the tour. If you don't like a song, skip it and I'm sure you'll like the next. 5/8/77 [Cornell university](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzptvlG1JiNBhiWTS4PZF8u4Uf35nMOno)- arguably their best performance ever. The St. Stephen&lt;not fade away&lt;St Stephen II is unbelievable [American beauty](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHUg1Axg8DChsNAZUFnsDUK5cf0-VJqAU)- they weren't known for their studio albums much, but that one provides a few songs that you've probably heard on classic rock stations before. I'm actually looking for a post right now from /r/gratefuldead that is basically a guide to get into the grateful dead I'll keep looking Edit: [found it!](https://www.reddit.com/r/gratefuldead/comments/46eus8/intro_to_listening_to_the_dead) credit to /u/wobwobwob42
It's usually around the fall/winter. I think last year was January and the year before was October. The tickets are pretty pricey though
I love em both. Admittedly dead and co knows people would spend insane amounts to see them and are taking advantage of it but they still sound great to me. I somehow only got to see rat dog once but it was a great show Lol at dead and slow though. Surprised I haven't heard that one
You've never noticed? Kudos to you for not seeing race
Yeah I love that interview. It was [.....](https://gfycat.com/DeliciousAffectionateHarpseal)
Yeah I get that man. My friends are like "do you listen to anything other then the dead?" And I'm like "yeah. Jerry Garcia band and Dylan"
That sounds like the best kind of wedding lol. Congratulations!
KNOCK. DO NOT BARGE IN THEIR ROOM.
Fact. I love my mom but she did this all the time and I was so uncomfortable when trying to date
My favorite thing he did was in like 2014 he plagiarized an entire movie and then when he got called out he put out this big, heartfelt apology.... which was also plagiarized lol
In fact, that fact makes it seem more illegal
You won't earn it with this post
Pickle pockets by creations Ross makes me laugh my ass off
There's other players left?
I refreshed that a few times just to watch the view count rise
I saw one with Scalabrine just destroying average Y guys
Oh alright thanks for clarifying. It's been a while since I've seen it
Prime Jessica Simpson cleavage is the reason why I've seen it 3 times
*actually*
How dare you? This is an 81' honda!
"You have unpaid parking tickets" "My son is dead" ".....ok. sorry. You have unpaid parking tickets"
How would you feel about a circlejerk?
I think that and the BB gun ones were the only ones I haven't. I'm still glad it was posted cuz even the ones I've heard a hundred times are great
I've only had intoxalock and honestly it's not even inconvenient. The only thing about is I'm self conscious so I duck down to blow in it if I'm stopped lol
Hey dude, we've all been there. I'm still there but at the tail end of it. Its mentally exhausting, and it really takes it toll on you. The thing is you can't let it be the end of you. Only think about it when you need to be thinking about it but don't forget it enough to do it again. It *will* be a rough year, I'm not going to deny that, but more years follow
Yeah same in Illinois so I guess it's more of the issue date I'm unsure of. I know the year but have no clue of the day.
That's exactly what I was thinking. Maybe there's insulation except its covered by fake "logs"?
Huh. TIL
After the 30th "where are the other drugs going?" I had to stop
It's always cool to see old post predictions because a lot of them were an actual possibility yet all of them were wrong
I'm glad that link wouldn't work for me
Get off my lawn
I got everything I need but thanks for the response!
Me and the wifey were having sexy times...
Is there a way to filter this kind of stuff out from /r/pics without completely unsubscribing? Cuz this is fucking stupid ~~Happy birthday OP~~ you suck
Holy shit man, it's a sticky note.
I heard a big guy talking about peeing on his own balls when he sits to shit and I didn't know that was a thing
One of those subs that I'm highly aware of but won't ever go on because I'll get too mad
Twister in rocket power
I do it too because of rocket power
Or Phoenix
I'm just saying hi to myself when this thread is referenced in 5 years. Also, I'm not surprised every prediction is wrong, who knew that Ramon Sessions would be the MVP in 2022?
I can't believe someone posted this stupid TMZ type shit on this sub. ....where's the full list?
Lol I feel you
I opened the thread about to put "st. Stephen/nfa/st. Stephen2" from 5/8/77 not expecting the dead to already be here. Also any goin' down the road. Also, any grateful dead
It's a tiktok with the tiktok logo cropped out cuz reddit hates tiktok
"This grandpas a gangster!" What is wrong with you guys? That grandpas a fucking piece of shit
You're totally right. He deserved to be shot in the legs because of a lease we haven't seen and don't know anything about
Nothin really but the comments I saw felt like they were glorifying him
He even realized he fucked up right after saying it lol
I was wondering why it looked familiar and now I'm going to laugh every time I see it
Lol
Their commentary was completely pointless and obnoxious
Downhill from here is always a go to show for me
Man, I know you're entitled to your own opinion but I can't disagree with this more than I do
I can agree to that one
If you get confused listen to the music play
This was the one I was going to day too. I like them a lot
I saw the futurebirds open for caamp a few months ago and took a deep dive into them. They're a lot of fun live too
Yeah I'm listening to it right now lol. Waiting on a call has been my favorite song by them so I'm glad the whole album is out now
[Lol](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/024/965/well.jpg)
If my dad was rich I'd be rich too. Money doesn't mean you're a genius, you'd have to do at least one genius thing to be a genius
Right? It disgusts me when people make edits cuz they got gold
&gt;and I didn’t have a history of hallucinations. Well, now ya do
No he wouldn't. "Incredible hulk" isn't an american synonym for "big". It kind of is now since we're all aware of who the incredible hulk is I guess but that makes no sense.
Hmmmm
My uncle caught one but it fell out of the net
5/8/77 Cornell university grateful dead. Cuz
Being hit by a truck is a common goal in this thread
That's my favorite one from this thread
Ross creations or the YMH channel
Situational or accidental if you're talking about outside of stand up
I'm not OP but I've been wondering hoe to do this so thanks
&gt;r/Notopbutok No top butok Not OP but ok Second guess is probably right
[YeS](https://i.imgur.com/WTDnnwE.gifv)
/r/oldphotosinreallife
He does? I'm going to check that out first thing in the morning
Its Twitter but I'm willing to bet it's fake cuz everything is fake
"We taught a lion to eat tofu!" Lion: *coughs*
Same. [This is my favorite line with the hippie though](https://imgur.com/MroHUqq) I miss pre Netflix futurama
Yeah I don't get it either. 19 is a legal adult but to most adults 19 is a kid. He was a "boy" cuz he had a lot a life ahead of him
I never see this shit cuz I don't live in Switzerland
Your answer is your question. You want better defense when playing defense and better offense when on offense...
You ever see a comment with a lot of upvotes but the comment itself is deleted and the comment right under it says "this is exactly the answer I was looking for!(Or something like that)" and you're kind of mad cuz you wanted to see that deleted comment? I want to be that deleted comment cuz I want to piss people off
Yeah I know it's weird but I've been on reddit a long time but that's like... all thats left
Yeah I'm glad they took us through their thought process
It's great btw. Definitely recommend it
Nobody understands the titles intentional huh?
I've seen a version of this every year for forever. It's funny as hell and gets me every time but just wanted to say it's not original
I've been stuck in a loop saying I can't believe it for a half hour...
He's totally going to address it on the podcast tomorrow. I'll be surprised if he doesn't release it tonight
Ohhhh no, nothing about Burr and this post just about the Kobe situation.
You have a screenshot or something? Edit [FUCK ARI HOLY SHIT](https://i.imgur.com/cr2COa3.jpg)
A legend in basketball and more importantly a father had his life cut short *along* with his 13 year old daughter (oh and another 13 year old girl who was a teammate of his daughter) "TROLOLOLOL" go fuck yourself
I don't disagree with humor being a relief in a time of sadness. What he said wasn't even remotely funny though. If he would've said "well at least Kobe finally passed" or something its distasteful but still kind of funny, but saying "great news!" Isn't a joke in any way
The charges were dropped pretty quick. I mean, I know the power of money so it's not like his name was cleared but he was never convicted either. That's always a debate
Bullshit
I would upload the video if I knew how to download the video but if you go to the "I was hacked tweet" and click the comments it should be the first response
&gt;His Instagram story had a video of himself in front of the Charlotte Hornets arena (where kobe was drafted). I'll paraphrase but he said "there are good things and bad things in the world but today a good thing came to a rapist. Goodbye kobe! Maybe if you stayed in Charlotte you wouldn't have raped that girl in Denver" [So no, he was not hacked](https://twitter.com/i/status/1221553753268137990)
Great trait of a piece of shit
.....the fuck man
My hands got shakey but I didn't feel the need to tell people I was literally shakey.... until, well, now.
"Keep trying /u/Marcus11599! 👍"
[You like tacos right? Tacos tacos tacos](https://youtu.be/-yU0RNPAOJw)
Because the other team hasn't done it yet.
I'm willing to bet Colby and lauri won't be on the bulls in 3-5 years.
What a game. I'm glad that he retired this year in 2016 because that's the year it is and I'm not delusional in life yet
I'm fully aware of Lebron's ego but I'm still going to give him the benefit of the doubt here and say he really couldn't come up with words during this time. I know I wasn't the only one waiting for a response from him so I'm sure he felt pressured to push out something. This wasn't a great response by any means but it shouldn't be held against him.
😭😭😭mommy said the f word
[Also there's a huge chance the entire thing was false accusations](https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/82de6s/because_of_the_recent_flooding_of_kobes_rape)
[Also there's a huge chance the entire thing was false accusations](https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/82de6s/because_of_the_recent_flooding_of_kobes_rape)
Tom's wasn't half that on the take it down tour when I saw him either. Not saying Bert's stand up is bad but I think it's fair to say Tom's is better so that pricing isn't what it should be
When I found out Kobe died.
Huh. I didn't realize Calderon was up there on that list somehow
Yeah in hindsight I shouldn't be surprised but apparently I never gave it much thought
Insulin premium can now get a free sugar packet with each purchase
Yeah looked pretty clear that's what's going on, especially since people in the right lane go about 50 in a two lane highway and 80+ in the left. They were trying to match speeds
And you guys want to take the logo away from this man
The stories are all fake. That dude didn't eat any of that stuff with rice
I can't believe that this is nearing the front page...
He was dropped 23 years too late
"Sometimes I'll take 3-5 minutes and get to where kobe was drafted and record myself being smug and proud that he died"
SoCal disagrees
A lot of people are saying that but to this day its still 100% small businesses. Its a lot of restaurants, bars and an ice cream shop and none of them are big names. I guess you could call piasans big now but when it got there it was only their second location
*looks at coworker* Na
I just beat it and liked it. Fallout 3 and new vegas were much better but if you ignore preston garvey then there's nothing wrong with 4 imo
You look like a bald Edward Norton
The Bible says you can beat your wife and own slaves
The only time kicking off flip flops is intimidating is when you're in an intense game of corn hole
Kentucky is much better than Ohio. All Ohio has is flat land and meth. Kentucky has mountains and meth
Did they not? I thought they did with a * on it
I didn't make it but I had to share it here as soon as I saw it lol
Billy "redneck" Burr ova heahhhh
This is so fuckin funny
Bet that proposal is on Omaha Beach
He gets the baby rapper stamp. You're fuckin done there fuckface
Well.... I guess a pedo
Are you from Tennessee? Cuz you look inbred
I just beat 4 for the first time a couple weeks ago and loved it. I don't understand the hate for it at all, plus the DLCs were great. But yeah, I second New vegas being the best
I use a wired and have no complaints, much cheaper too.
After being heckled by my friends for years I'm finally playing the witcher 3 and I'm loving it. So much wasted time
Yeah but lately it seems that the US is the Florida of the world
I unsubbed like 2 years ago and your fake story gave me anger I forgot I had
I remember when people on reddit said that. I remember when people on reddit said Johnny Depp was a POS too. Reddit is a lot of people, not one person
Yeah totally, I personally believe that Danny is guilty and the church of scientology has been covering it. I do think the people that are saying he hasn't been proven guilty yet haven't been watching this as closely as others because it is pretty clear he did these things. The only person I'll still **slightly** defend is Louie, because I think he's one of the few that regrets what he did and not solely because he got caught. He made an apology that seemed absolutely genuine but obviously that won't change what he did. I still can't give him respect like I used to, I'm a huge stand up fan and for a few years he was the guy at the top just to use that to take advantage. As far as I know he also had a few girls say no to his request and he stopped trying but he still was using his status as a leverage like a "small time" Harvey Weinstein. People do deserve their day in court though even if it doesn't seem like the odds are in Danny's favor
I found out streaming isn't available on the new app but it is still in beta.... fingers crossed cuz thats a great feature.
Keep those jeans high and tight
I'm really disappointed I wasn't a fan of his Netflix stuff. I love stand up and saw a ton of people speaking highly of him so I checked it out. Guess his humor just wasn't up my alley
/u/bongo_pongo can you help me plz
Can't go wrong with the first 3 halos. I suggest the master cheif collection since they're remastered. Theyre all straight forward and tons of fun
I ate waffles or pancakes almost every morning during my childhood and used to tell my mom I was allergic because my eyes would get itchy and my nose would run. I swore it was a thing that was actually happening until one day when I was in my early 20s I was eating pancakes in the morning. I had regular allergies so I was allergic to pollin. My mom thought it was hilarious that I thought I was allergic to syrup or something
Lmao thank you so much!
The guy that flew Apollo 11, Michael Collins, doesn't ever get enough credit on the moon landing. He didn't set foot on it but he did get the guys that did there and back safely. One of my favorite modern folk singers John Craigie wrote a [song about him](https://youtu.be/63qW8Rp8khw)
"Politics" flair Talking about racism isn't a political standpoint, its about common fucking decency or hate
You just wanted to say that Burt line lol
I tried so hard to jump on the ship when it was taking off. You die everytime. Also I don't think I've ever shot the broadsider
Huh. I didn't think it was possible that I watched something more than the office but apparently watching shameless twice out did watching the office non stop
Yeah sum 41 was my absolute favorite band back in the day up until brownsound left around underclass hero and that was around the time Deryck went downhill. I'm glad he's doing well now and I saw them last summer for the first time live and they KILLED it. Plus brownsound is back
I live right by here and have never known about it
🎵*Court-ney Cox, I-love-you, you're-so-hot, in-that-show*🎵
Wasnt announced during the game? The thunder game was canceled while they were warming up that same night
Boozer was so weird when he was on the bulls. He had a double double nearly every night but made it look like shit every time lol. I still miss those teams immensely though
At least this far down in this thread I haven't seen anybody making fun of him, only that they'd switch lanes, which I would too. The zootopia title made me laugh though
Why haven't I heard much about this at all? Not on reddit or the news
I'm willing to try and go back and save Kobe and I know I wouldn't be able to but if asked in the moment, "we built this time machine. Can you go back to try to save Kobe?" I'd say "yes, Kobe isn't passing on my watch" and then laugh to myself. Then I'd be in 2020 and be like "oh sweet the bar is open!" And here we are. Sorry everyone.
I don't know why but I'm leaning so hard on hootie and the blowfish. I'll report back Maybe [only wanna be with you](https://youtu.be/Ln6WQqRDrCo)
It is! I played a lot of baseball there back in the day
Brookfield also has 2 other baseball fields at Kiwanis and thats where I played most of my little league games. Back then if you were on one side of the tracks you played in Brookfield national at Kiwanis, the other side of the tracks you played for the American league at ehlert and maybe 3 games a season we'd face each other. It was the most intense games because it caused a cross town rivalry but I heard they merged into one big thing a while ago. Sorry for rambling, I just miss baseball lol
Cumtown? The fuck was that
Wearing a mask still keeps the numbers down. Its not hard to do and is less than a mild inconvenience to prevent deaths.
