Never feared for anything Never chained but never free. Simple, but works everytime.
For me, SSDs are funniest part of StW.
Well, OP is on Xbox.
Yeah... Damn FIFA 17 League SBC’s were awesome.
Same. I teared mine down few months back and turned it into a hoverboard track.
Got nothing from SB rewards, but got back-to-back walkouts from Pre-order packs! Ozil and IF Fahrmann.
Agreed. Player faces hide them mostly.
Damn Salah.
Pretty rare from him.
So many great passes
Oh my god. Your ankle shouldnt bend like that. Edit: Knee -&gt; Ankle.
Hopefully he’ll be fine.
Clear offside. But that attack looked really good.
Good luck to anyone playing against VVD and Koulibaly.
As a visiting team or in general?
Golazooooo!
That first 15 minutes was pure entertaiment. End to end and fast paced game. Tempo dropped after VVD tackled Mertens.
Holy. That was such a poor choice to make.
This free kick is going in. Edit: Fuck this comment.
Napoli cant get anything going currently.
Just awful. First 10 minutes was pretty good, but nothing after that.
Yeah. If he cant give 110% after HT Napoli should just sub in Milik.
Agility &gt; muscle? Maybe.
Chill dude. VVD isnt even close being a cunt. Tackle was awful, but still.
Second time Salah should’ve scored.
Body tempature take: Chelsea will win Europa League. Pains to say, but your game is looking fine this season.
1-0. But if Napoli scores, Liverpool need to win by two.
Nesta + Maldini + steroids.
Things that will haunt you forever: That miss.
CAN ANYONE FUCKING SCORE
More like 6.
Holy shit what a fucking save!
I miss FIFA 17. Everything was new and no one knee what was dropping next.
My biggest complaint about FIFA 18 Futmas cards was the fact that every single one was leaked the first day.
86 rated squad with three informs just to get 81 rated card. Edit or more like an follow up: And people here to seem to forget the fact that many high rated players were near extinct mid way trough the promo. Now, in FIFA 19, we get three set of rewards during the week, which helps the market massively.
Yep. So far I still think Fifa 19 had been better than Fifa 18, but thats just my opinnion and I love Torreira.
Meunier was sooo good! And so was Alessandrini.
And 82 Bellerin required 86 rated squad with two IF’s.
LF with manager and loyalty.
FIFA 17 had few Futmas SBC’s that required 100 chem with IF or two.
And so many did that card. EPL meta talks pretty loud here.
Just buy his UCL card for 70k.
FUT 17 Futmas Bellerin was 82 rated. His Scream card was 81.
Yeah, this video deffinetly needed to be 2 minutes long.
I used to love 41212(2), now Im using 442(2).
This comment or goal?
Fucking idiot.
Here. This, also, is fucking disgusting.
I knew it! I saw the sentinel on him!
Cries in FPL
Yeah. Tied for 4th is enough for me at this point of the season!
Love me some weekly Pukki goals!
That little area next to Junk Junction actually has 4 chest spawns. 2 at movie studio, 1 at back of the truck and 1 on the little building between them.
Did you mean Rui Costa?
Gold 3: Foster and Götze. Didnt open any of the packs, saving my dissapointment for TOTY.
You deserved it!
Fuck this day.
We good.
Arsenal after 18’: Its rewind time.
Rank: Gold 3 MVP: POTM Hazard Flop: My shooting.
Curious, how can you only play home games?
Thank you &lt;3
Got Jordi Alba, finaly something worth mentioning.
Do you know what Im even more pissed about? No fucking supply of UCL Rares. Like what the fuck? I’ve spent good 40min sniping and what I’ve got to show for my efforts? Two market bans.
I didnt wait. I have better things to do on saturdays than sit inside playing fifa.
Nah, James just needs money for gas.
Is that first Bronze IF this year?
Yilmaz and Oblak after finishing 14-4!
So pretty good?
50/50.
MLS has its own TOTS.
The reason: The dude who told people to buy SIF Mkhi had 50 of them in his trade pile and he was crashing in value, so he wanted to get rid of them.
Does anyone know will your ELO drop after you score three own goals and get kicked out of the game?
Damn, that team is filthy!
Only 49? Pfft, what a knob.
Honestly preffer it that way. Atleast this way the OP gets shoutout.
That was easy compared to ”Droppin’ Crates” challange. You had to get final kill with care package. I spent like 3 days getting that.
Same and same.
Havent really played COD’s after BO3, but in BO3 callling cards were cool af. I had 97% completion rate of challenges in multiplayer and still have 100% on Zombies. Loved that game.
Gold 2: Chiesa and Tadic. Packs were shit tho.
I boosted Surgical and one other challenge like that and felt bad, because I deffinetly didnt earn those calling cards so I did rest of the challenges the legit way. And the grind was fun for gettin Droppin Crates!
After PL ane Serie A imo.
And pretty pricey.
Not on console, but isnt it only using 11 Ligue 1 players? So you can make subs.
I’ve never seen ”1rst” before.
Elite 3: Glik.
Compare the first and last letter. Which one is S to you?
I’d love to, but Donna would be on 4 chem :(
Nah, I love Donna in goal. Damn, I would really love to get Mendy on my starting XI, but Alba and Cancello are solid as fuck also.
I’ll try that tonight!
G3: Savannier and some Liga MX CB.
Overall awesome patch! Really gonna miss Rift to Go :(
Oh yeah, Im an idiot. Its Private Video, the app is on Finnish.
Sorry about that :D I was at my local pub and had a major brain dead aparently.
Yeah, our salary system is changing also. No more 100k€/week, nowadays its just 100k/week.
Same! Khedira and Albiol, buzzing!
That is so fucking worth it tho.
Slapp a like now if you think 🅱️ass is epic.
Same. BPM and take untradable rewards from Rivals.
NIF Allan. Such a beast at CDM.
Where is he going?
And they say r/FIFA is uneducated.
IF Wijnaldum, IF Van Dijk and RTTF Dumfries.
And offensive to donkeys.
He has never been in TOTY?
That whole bottom row looks good to me.
Soooo... Yeah, maybe during La Liga TOTS.
”Hi, I glitched ur game could I have Perisic pls?” ”no”
Out of curiosity, which players have you invested?
Inception made a video about him.
I’ll give back my Maguire and Sidibe for TOTY player.
... You clearly dont watch football and this is your first FIFA ever?
With a Shadow he is unreal! He got good pace and good physicals. You can buy him with a Shadow for a 15k max.
I had similar experience with Ter Stegen.
Invidual fitness cards sell for 200.
He is talking about Giroud.
Cold take.
Deffinetly. But Gold 3 to Gold 2 is not worth it imo.
I mean they are and arent. You cant get chem styles from those and there are loads of rare contracts, kits, badges and staff members. And Rare Gold pack is just the worst pack in Fifa. I personally value Mega packs quite high and 50k pack is always nice.
What team are you currently using?
Holy shit is he that cheap nowadays?
He deffinetly wont drop much in a while. Might have to buy for next WL, his NIF has been best DM this year for me.
Dont do base Icon sbc, you clearly are already winning that lottery!
Wont be enough or..?
That would be best CB/CDM in the game.
Baby ADP.
Naah. Just did gold upgrades few hours ago and I did not have any gold players from Australian league :(
198k. Which is 50k more than PS4, suprised how much the difference is.
Bold move Cotton.
Ronaldo can get both. Even tho its unlikely, because his TOTW would be in packs only for couple of days.
Actually yes. I played all my games on Saturday (14-7) and for the first time ever the gameplay was awful. Hopefully next weekend will be like previous ones. Edit: Finland, since everyone is mentioning their country.
Im glad that I didnt do him! I was so tempted but now I feel like Renato gives me the same (if not even better) result.
Yes he is, but I still used like 60k liquid coins to unlock him.
Depends which versions?
Then I’d go for Gullit. I’ve realized that good middlefield is more valuable than good strike force. But if you would’ve gone for base versions I would chose R9 because Baby Gullit just isnt worth the coins.
You deffinetly should change it to something like that :D
Yep.
The content for F2P users is much better nowadays. Untill FIFA 17 you only chance to get anything was to buy packs. After FIFA 18 we’ve atleast always had some upgrade packs. And now we have objectives, player SBC’s and upgrade packs. Deffinetly an improvement.
Take out Butra and start five at the back?
Or kante/seedorf.
Moments Morelos was unreal for me. Others were shit though, Munir was biggest let down.
And yet casuals are the most profitable players to EA.
Reus.
Damn, you’ve had some nice picks.
?
There already is 87 Werner POTM? Why would you want 88 rated with untradable packs?
Because?
No, no, no. Dont list players for 200 if they dont sell. Pointless to fill your transfer list with players that will be there for weeks. Use Squad Fitness if you need fitness, sell invidual fitness cards for 200. Sell Pace, Shooting and Outfield +3 All attr. cards, sell league sbc players if you are not completing them. Keep useless bronze players, keep the not sellable training cards (I keep Dribling and Physical). Discard contracts, badges and kits.
Just look at the walls to know if it is TOTY or CL card.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/em55y4/how_to_tell_the_difference_between_toty_and_ucl/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
De Jong actually.
Same. Going for Mid pack and VDS.
Used Futmas De Gea for 120 games, tried FB Neuers loan, loved him and did the SBC. Imo deffinetly better, even on 8 chem.
Gold 3: Grealish and Maynard from picks. Packs gave nothing worth mentioning.
Surely 89 rated player could’ve been used in better SBC?
Yes.
[Dont get baited by UCL players.](https://www.reddit.com/r/FIFA/comments/em55y4/how_to_tell_the_difference_between_toty_and_ucl/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
It goes both ways. You just pay more attention on the shit that happens against you.
Thats pretty meta tough?
VVD is the best red, Del Piero is the best Icon SBC pull and Son (packed him yesterday from Three PL Player Pack) most valuable untradable pull.
Its really your choice. I’d rather have league specific player than two Liga MX players. I packed Mane, Son and Lloris yesterday from those Three Player packs!
My base Icon luck has been too good, so probably getting him during TOTY.
I’ve already packed Son, Lloris and Mane from those Three player packs! Saving the 25k’s for tonight. And every PL inform except Jesus. And if you hit 88+ rated player it will make 86 rated squad way more easier to complete :)
Casuals are still the biggest money maker for EA.
But you can get IF’s which have non rare base cards as non rares. I got IF Noble and Maguire from same pack.
Already got Red VVD and untradable Hierro. Dont really need Luiz. I’ll deffinetly complete Suarez though.
Your math is incorrect. Three common golds require 11 silvers, so you’d need 110 bronzes to get 11 silvers.
Depends how stacked your club is. I open bidded rare cards for few hours today and have 52 25k PL Premium Player packs ready to be opened, so I think (depending your luck of course), maybe 5 hours if you spend the time effectively.
Passing is calculated from many different stats.
If you are not the fan of him, try baby Baggio with Hunter :) 5 star skills and 4 star weak foot with immense passing and good shooting.
Insane pull!
Packed Henry and Ballack from icon packs. Have untradable Son, Aguero, Auba, Pogba and Lloris still in my club. Edit: And IF Grealish, Noble, Maddison and Jesus.
Baby. And he is almost as good in my opinnion.
I used maybe like 200k, I had players in my club also.
Op here, I can write brief explanation! So I used all my rare and non rare players in those upgrade packs. I open bidded rare La Liga players for 650/700 coins when I ran out of players in my club. I had about 30 La Liga players in my club after that and 100 on the transfer list. These La Liga players were like a back up plan, if you get back-to-back rare duplicate player and dont have enough players to recycle the duplicate trough an SBC. Then I started opening PL Upgrade packs, everytime I hit a duplicate I would use the player in SBC, low rated rares back to Premium PL Upgrade, non rares to basic PL ugrade and 83 or higher on Icon SBC’s or Guaranteed 83+. You’ll eventually start getting high rated players and you slowly start completing Icon SBC’s. I was able to complete two Icon SBC’s in 2,5 hours. Worth noting that I had packs already made before clock hit 6 PM.
Op here, I can write brief explanation! So I used all my rare and non rare players in those upgrade packs. I open bidded rare La Liga players for 650/700 coins when I ran out of players in my club. I had about 30 La Liga players in my club after that and 100 on the transfer list. These La Liga players were like a back up plan, if you get back-to-back rare duplicate player and dont have enough players to recycle the duplicate trough an SBC. Then I started opening PL Upgrade packs, everytime I hit a duplicate I would use the player in SBC, low rated rares back to Premium PL Upgrade, non rares to basic PL ugrade and 83 or higher on Icon SBC’s or Guaranteed 83+. You’ll eventually start getting high rated players and you slowly start completing Icon SBC’s. I was able to complete two Icon SBC’s in 2,5 hours. Worth noting that I had packs already made before clock hit 6 PM.
The cost pretty much depends on your pack luck. I used maybe 50k liquid coins per Icon.
Same. I stopped doing those.
Both. Rares to New years and non rares to PL upgrades.
Damn, seems like everyone is packing TOTYs except me :D
Glad to help :)
He deffinetly doesnt get the praise he deserves, underrated beast.
Its up to you. TOTY is the time of the year I risk it and go all in.
Probably Klose, Lehmann, Litmanen, Scheimcel or Inzaghi.
Three before TOTY: Del Piero, Stoichkov, Hierro. During TOTY: Henry, Ballack.
I mean, yeah its possible but boring. I’d just get Ps Plus and enjoy the proper experience.
He is very usable!
Its fairly easy to start now. Usable players are so cheap right now.
You can make some SBC very cheap.
But the real meaning: ”I’ll bring 12-pack of beer!”
Thats a fucking sick pull!
You pretty much have to just save those. Same with Icon SBC, no 83 required squad. But those players can offer good chem links if needed.
Premium PL Upgrade = New Years Premium League Upgradd Premier League upgrade is the league specific.
Theres also a giantic rip off Coca Cola bottle.
She died happy tho.
Or Ligue 1.
The thing is, Online seasons play speed is waaaaaay too slow for my liking.
Yeah, they got Atal. But I ment more like overall. The options are pretty limited.
I have red VVD and I’ve scored grand total of one goal from front post corners.
Mid Icon pack and VDS for me! Hopefully the risk pays off. Just shitty to wait untill I have 18 tokens, tempted to get VDS already but with my luck I’d just pack him again from Mid Icon pack.
Whats the problem here? Send non duplicates to club, back out and do more upgrade SBC’s?
Not suprisingly, Maguire is always in that pack.
Not op, but for me he is almost as good as If VVD.
FUT came out in 09?
Yeah, you’re right.
Its decent. Really hoped to pack one usable Icon, but not complaining too much!
It was nice way to get rid of the high rated duplicates :) I knew Luiz or Silva wouldnt fit in my team so I decided to just risk it with those packs.
I opened like 10 Three PL player packs on thursday while at work, so few hours before whole TOTY hit the packs.
If they win the first leg against RB Leipzig he is getting upgrade to 84.
Your Elo was insanely high though. Where do you finnish normally?
He doesnt have one, he got TOTGS card.
Gullit has awful stamina on his baby card.
But you are very unlikely to pack anyone worse!
Tomiyasu for that 91 strenght. He will be proper beast with Shadow.
And here I am with no TOTYs, Ballack, Henry and Veron. End me.
Dont belive that for a second. Fuji packed CR7 and two Manes. Nep packed De Ligt and KDB. Nick28T, who spends the most time in the game packed 2x De Jong and still has packs to open.
W.
Not on those accounts.
For that high of an division no wonder you’re struggling. Just relegate yourself to div 7/8 on Thursday if you want to complete it the easy way..
Did 27, one walkout.
VDS from swaps? He would get atleast 8.
I wish I could’ve pulled one of those Icons out of my Base Icon packs.
You trolling?
Has been since FIFA 17.
”Increased the effectiveness of easy shots taken inside of the box, from 45 feet/15 yards/13.7 meters and closer to the target. These shots are more likely to be on goal and not hit the post or miss the goal.” Lets fucking go!
Always Legendary. World class feels (once again) so much more defending based and it gives worse points, so Legendary is my go. And its fairly easy to score five past them, so you’ll get good weekly points even while doing Swaps.
La Liga lackw on LW. Hazard is the only 10 chem option imo. Just throw Dembele/Bale there on off chem.
Am I the only one wondering why in the hell OP has Hawk on Laporte?
Pulling Zidane made it worth it. Also ADP is quality.
What about doing it with 2* weak foot?
Mkhitaryan wasnt a walkout though so there would not have been a pause on him.
So, now?
That Aguero has like 70k discard value, right?
I’ve done five and packed ADP, Stoichkov, Ballack, Veron and Henry. 2 W’s, 1 L.
ADP is quality imo. And Stoichkov is great as a CAM. Ballack is good for 50 minutes, Veron is shit. Henry is my all time favorite, but his baby card is pretty useless.
Everything that Futmas Sanches and SIF Nainggolan have. So basicly Base Ballack with stamina ja H/H.
You realize there are other leagues than Premier League, right?
EA obv have chosen the players last week. What Watfords form even has to do with this? Its invidual performance that matters, not how the team is doing.
Dembele.
Fucking massive W.
Same. After TOTY ended I had my main squad and like five gold players.
I would rather have that Butra than Vieira from those packs, he is so good.
Missed rank 1 by 60 points (FML). Took 2x Mega Pack and 2x 50k pack, saving them for tomorrow.
He has been in packs for 15 hours, no one is listing him up because his max price is 700k.
He is just extinct also.
Why should it change?
Doubt it.
What are you on about? Nedved and Maldini are incredible!
Essien and Garincha massive W.
Take a look on Hashtag Harrys Silver team when he went 28-2 (DC lose included), should give you a good idea who to pick.
You have to chip the goalkeeper, if you are on empty net and chip, it wont count.
Hell no. Most boring shit there is on FIFA.
Fuck, everyone else seems to get very lucky with these.
They have tho?
How come?
Only present on FUT.
Why do people always buy new high end TOTW cards on wednesday?
People have thought this the whole year and it has never worked.
Watch the new video! Darkness really is something else...
Kent, Futmas Sanches and IF Fernandes makes his debut this weekend as a super sub.
Or Moments Morales.
[Hol up](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/026/913/excuse.jpg)
”Cheers for raping me! Made me really feel appreciated!”
Just wait few hours till daily challenges refresh.
Tedious? Okay then...
Same quality as my red picks.
Fucking POTM Martinez. I was drunk and somehow decided it would be good idea to complete him:
What is Thiago Silva doing there?
They anounced that before the game even launched, shouldnt be a suprise at this point.
Pre-ordered, played for 1,5 weeks. Stopped before first WL, took 15 week break and since then I’ve really enjoyed FIFA.
Less BPMers on Xbox, maybe.
His NIF is already Icon level.
He looks like he has a decent shooting after applying sniper.
He is.
So you got rid most reliable RB because you didnt want to use 5k to buy different player?
Okay?
That has happened me plenty of times. That just happenes, no BS imo. Sometimes the defender just cant get the pass off in time.
This. He is so incredible.
So you got Golden GOAT and City’s GOAT.
Elite 1: 1st pack: Pepe 2nd pack: Digne
FIFA 17 TOTS Neymar. Best card I’ve ever used.
Base Icon SBC was out twice, long time aswell, so everyone has Icons.
They deffinetly dont. It just may seem like that because they spent such an absurd amount of money on the game.
Say that last sentence to Tekkz.
Why would EA boost Nicks or Neps packs? They hate them to hell and back.
Ball roll the keeper and score, tip for 1v1 situations.
But Nep and Nick dont use money on the game. So why would EA boost their packs? It only shows that you can have good packs without spending any money on Fifa.
Sub if game goes to ET. I dont care who you are, but if you are dead after 90/105th minute Im bringing in players who still have legs.
I run RTG and my pack luck has been pretty good, I guess. I’ve gotten Red VVD (played 5 WL’s), packed Son twice, Auba, Mane and IF Kante during last two weeks. Nick and Nep are the main reason I dont spend money on FIFA. BPM to League SBC’s are the way to go.
Nainngolan is H/H.
Inception already did player rewievs from Aouar and Anderson.
Aaah, could be. the / confused the hell out of me.
So there would be no bronzes after febuary.
Im going to be as polite as possible: Fucking stupid idea, sorry.
These were so fun
This is from this [Video](https://youtu.be/GG5bsegboZY) - He has the name of the song on the top corner when he plays it!
Aaaand now I have Metallica song stuck in my head.
41212(2) with fast build up works for me!
Do it offline.
Suprise :D
Nick - Run The Fut Market Youtube.
He aint wrong tho.
Assist to Mustafi, no?
Water is wet.
Soft red, Mustafi is the one to blame.
Conte, please take Mustafi.
(Miami Heat UK)
Atleast Villas D. Luiz is having a good day.
In 2016 we bought wrong Valencia defender.
Probably not more than 5 million at this point.
That KDB + Aguero combo is so fucking good.
[X] Doubt.
Walcott looks like steak. Am I the only one?
2-2, what the fuck?
Two goal lead is dangerous one!
I fucking love you!
wait, what?
Torille!
And if he was bidding, he would have to press down also.
He already is?
Always Neymar.
Baggio. Zola or ADP. Stoichkov can also do the job.
Imagine a weightlifter with a bar over his head, push him, what happens?
Sniper on Overmars makes him a god.
CB?
?
Holy shit.
What? You have like 20 seconds.
Niiice!
Shocking.
Are you stupid?
Two days.
Never bother trying to sell non league SBC bronzes.
But your jockeying is on assisted.
Being 27 years old, he deffinetly is one of the biggest stars in any sport I got to witness playing. So fucking unreal... Rest in Peace, legend.
Just play the game, at the level you are. you just get naturally better.
VDS and Mid Icon pack.
Few years before that, Colin McRae.
Damn, what a shot!
That was pretty dodgy. small plane though? But I get your point.
Probably a punt because Kobe launched shoes called ’Helicopter’. Might mix up years/events, but that comes to mind.
Senna was so huge that a football game in BRAZIL was stopped mid match. That should really give everyone perspective how big Senna was.
When I got notification about goal being scored, I was sure it was Ramsey.
And r/soccer tbf.
Yes, on LW.
Hes gonna get hattrick, isnt he?
[Neymar](https://streamja.com/JzEX) just celebrated his second goal by showing 2 and 4 with his fingers!
Add James to that list and its complete.
Yeah! Such a classy gesture.
He’s been a more mature person this year. Atleast when you compare to last year.
You are joking, right?
Fair enough! 24 was Kobes shirt number.
Slap Bass!
That build up was soooo nice! And the last pass was inch perfect.
Fucking great movie. Might be my all-time favorite.
He sure was with us.
Applies to Mustafi as well.
Why would anyone use invidual fitness cards? Those can be sold for 200 coins easily. So using invidual fitness cards costs you 1000 coins more than just using squad fitness.
Golds deffinetly sell faster than that.
Deffinetly different on PS4. Never have to list more than two times to sell on PS.
Down. Im gonna miss Rank 1 because of this.
How am I supposed to know that? :D
But... Why? Sideways move, maybe even downgrade.
Wtf? That was mental shot.
I was Div 2/3 player last year. This year I was in Div 4 for a long while, but relegated myself to Div 5 on purpose. I figured that 4x 15k packs are better thing to have than 2x 45k packs. Now it looks like Im startting next rivals week in Div 6 :D
Sure feels like it :D
Sure does. I should’ve waited till tomorrow to complete Orsic.
And probably the most important one in FIFA’s history.
Thank god I have 82 two Silver player packs, so wont be able to open my rewards on console :D
Fucking great pulls!
Gold 1 - Ilicic and Fernandez. Pretty decent for SBC’s.
One usable so far and its VVD. And he is so good that I cant be mad for not getting anyone else.
Low crosses!! Got crosses done in two games while using those.
I packed one myself last year! Got Foden from those packs. I opened 450 of those tho.
Fuuuuuuuck. That is some fucking fantastic luck!
Zambrotta and Koeman imo. VDS is pretty dodgy and Hierro has been feeling really shit for me few weeks now.
How is thqt possible? I play as much as you and unlocked Auoar week ago. I have like 60k exp now.
Honestly, I would probably still complete him. Would love to have first owner (and central) Neymar.
BPM has enough value without Humble Beginnings. But yeah, those were nice thing to have.
Because EA never promised that we would get a free pack? Or they could just save it to FUT Birthday.
”I wont pack anyone..” Not with that attitude!
Was /s really needed for that?
I play WL so I dont have to play rivals so much. And Red Picks are bigger motivation to me than actual rewards.
Deffinetly worth it. The chance is very, very slim but atleast you’ll pack some League SBC cards along the way and you can craft better packs that way! Im planning on doing 120 more of those tonight+tomorrow, if I can BPM enough today.
What is that icon beside players names?
Stop playing something I enjoy? Okay, I might aswell change Metallica to Miley Cyrus.
After how bad Fifa 19 was, every football game is enjoyable.
Already miss it. Feels like in Div 6 everyone idle runs to corner flag and waits untill Tifo to skip anything.
Some full backs sell, like French ones.
Some flash SBC that would require 11 Rare Bronzes would be a dream.
VVD, Rashford and Bruno Fernandes are the most usable one so far.
I do! VVD alone makes me not to complain about my picks for the rest of the year. Edit: Rashford or Bruno Fernandes wont make to my starting 11 but they are nice ones to have as a first owner players.
I really enjoyed baby ADP and Stoichkov as a Striker.
So I cant get on UT on Ps4 yet?
That if I rub my pp long enough it will get harder.
I got in for a few minutes and got kicked out again.
Was I saying it was worth it?
Very good and in depth review.
He is by far my favorite player rn. Cant get my head around how someone can be so good :D
The gameplay is so much slower that I’d rather drill a hole to my hand than play it.
Every FIFA. And every year its too slow compared to FUT.
But you’d give +5/6 because of Icon SBC’s, so it was still better than FIFA 20. Edit: You said content, nvm. Edit2: But the contet has been really good this year. We had repeatable Icon SBC’s early on, there is always something to work towards with loads of objective players and constant player SBC’s.
Of course not, but atleast we didnt have to wait till futties to get them.
I was talking about Baby/Mid Icon SBC’s. And Vieira was avaible at June.
81 - Kent RTTF.
Strenght (and his unreal stock in game) deffinetly helps with shitty balance. Ima get Gabriel either way and test him out today. Edit: And Im going to use him WL, lets see how shitty it goes.
How is this an L?
What are you on about? That doesnt even make sense.
Hmmm... 86 Should be RTTF Diego Carlos, 87 OTW WBY, 88 Im fine with.
This is super out dated player, but Baby ADP with Hunter is still so fucking good for me. 95 finishing, 5 star weak foot and good composure.
Skind I’d pay 20€ for.
Wow.
That was anti stresfull.
Sorry about the typo. I was 97% sleeping when I was thinking about title and misspelt it :/
I deffinetly did, Im not sure how I made typo so bad.
Oh really, hmm... Might aswell apologize the typo for 9th time :D Sorry ’bout the typo.
Yeeeah... Sorry for the typo.
Market always rebounds when all the special cards go out of packs, but the game is honestly dead at that point.
Few hours after rewards or wait a day and see if there is something in packs on friday.
It does about 5-6 hours later, when people are starting to buy their teams.
Finnish.
Leminno is such a good channel!
??? West Ham
Thats some next level shit!
Naaah... One speaks on behalf of racisim and attends to protest so everyone can be equal? How is that stupid?
ATM: ”Check account balance or oil balance” Clicks wrong one. ... Shit.
If you want to have Round 40 on Giant, just pack Drakon and camp on the catwalk!
Nice fucking shot!
And you know this because?
BO3 DM poops out on round 85 tho.
How many kills did you have?
It deffinetly does without DT. And with it, it starts to shit the bed on round 125 or so.
But they dont hate each other. Whats been going on lately, it seems they have respect for each other.
They said that it is intended that round wont change after 255.
Fucking mental. My SO stayed in hospital for 4 days with our newborn who was ICU for three days and received treatment around the clock. The bill? 87 euros. I get that the situations are completely different, but still gives somekind of perspective.
That looks terrible.
Oddly, ffs.
Thank you Modern Warfare 2 for teaching me FNG and SSDD.
Dude was listening Avicii.
Beautiful.
The definition of golden plate. Good finish tho!
Thats not possible.
Yet no one can spell Hemlok.
Not hard to spot when 80% spells it Hemlock.
Why buff the best legend in comp?
Nice clip, allthough it could’ve been 3 and half minutes shorter :D
Not worth it. We are getting nerfed tommorow.
Drone Revive should’ve just replaced her Ultimate. The care package is pretty useless.
Holy awards.
Might have to open my basement door if true.
There is no legendary LL skins that hadnt had a recolour already. Unless Respawn starts round 2 of those skins. Edit: London Calling hadnt had a legendary recolour yet.
That is one of the best finishers in the game! Its cool as fuck and you crouch while doing so, 10/10.
But she has shitty ultimate, is only support in game and Gibby does it better.
You get extra 200 tickets for completing it 10 times. Same goes for the damage challenge.
How fast (or slow) is your internet?
But that only helps in early game. In endgame his ultimate is useless, unlike every other legends.
Such a likeable person.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Drone revive should’ve replaced her Ultimate - Change my mind.
If Pathfinder gets solo qued to game, he can still use his passive. Wraiths passive is still usable, pretty uncommon situation that no one aims you once during a full lenght game. Similar to Lifeline actually, it has almost no use if solo qued. Caustics passive still is there and very much usable if he solo ques - its his own stupidity if he doesnt use his traps. Crypto still can use his passive if solo qued. Gibbys gunshield is still there. If you are only Legend with passive that has no use if solo qued, IMO thats somekind of a problem.
SOLO QUE.
Perkaholic is useless for high rounds though.
Because it will only help you with set up? Why do you need to see Perkaholic from GG machine on round 120 when you already have your perks?
Okay, why do you need deadshot on round 100? Or speed cola? Or double tap?
Only way Double Tap is useful is activating your AAT’s faster - other than that it has no use. And there already is good GG for that so you dont need DT. Out of curiosity, whats your highest round?
And you used shield strategy. Do you realize how much ammo you need to use from your ”normal gun” on round, lets say 80, to kill a Zombie?
You wont even kill a full horde on round 70. Do you have actually any experience how much ammo do you need and how long it will take to finish the round? Jug, WW, Stamin-Up, QR/MK/EC. Edit: Only use DT on DE because it helps to kill Panzers.
There is a reason why every round 255 player has Mule Kick on their perk setup. EC is just for Origins as I cant be bothered to think any perk that has more use. I really cant be bothered to argue with you anymore, you clearly havent played past round 60 on BO1/2/3. Edit: And its or, not and.
Double Tap wont do shit after round 60 though. And why you need fast reload for? You are just another guy who has never gotten to round 40 and thinks he is good at Zombies.
Its your own stupidity if you get cornered by few Zombies :D Why are you using box weapons, are stupid? MotD I can agree with, but no one is getting Double Tap instead of some useful perk.
Ment manually reload, but edited since I read your original reply wrong.
No. Double Tap is useless on round 100. So is Deadshot.
It does not. You havent clealy used Drakon on round 100. You will kill grand total of 7 Zombies if you PaP it and have DT.
In FIFA there is a pck worth 25$ and you arent guaranteed anything. This is more tolerable.
So I am the reason because I dont buy them? Gotchu.
Well the pack costs 25$, I cant change the price. Even if it was 1$ I wouldnt buy it.
Solid third pick for me! Sorry.
Invested to get Heirloom for Lifeline.
I know that.
PS4.
Lifeline and Wraith.
Nice.
That Crypto skin? Deadly Byte.
Only thing you are spitting is Emojis.
Little over 9 hours? Wow, thats pretty fucking fast.
1x - 100x - Pistol Optic
Im confused.
Not as rare as respawns that count.
Oooooff...
That smile... That damn smile...
Respawn, atleast let us put that choke on Mastiff.
Watching his level - No.
What am I looking?
Im speed!
Older people. But considering that OP dropped 2k damage, he must be somewhat decent in this game.
But not enough to use it as sniper :D
I think I’ll see you again in hot.
”Allfather give me sight” isnt a battle cry, its a cry for help.
He is anoyingly fucking good.
He is anoyingly fucking good.
