[THE BIG SAD INTENSIFIES]
Too many mods
Dont blame the victim. Someone who is in total control of their vehicle she never hit a parked vehicle. Op is not at fault
We should write it on the moon
Its bound to work once then she will gain immunity. Then you will need to do something even more ridiculous. Thus "The Ridiculous Cold War" begins
Is your name barry?
The quality suddenly changes in the middle. If only sunrise would redo all of the animations.
I miss seeing santa laws in atlas
Didn't you used to hang out on the protector server
He probably messed up his tires
To be honest from what I understand alot of the smut that is played in Japan occurs late at night and is not mainstream by any means.
Jared Fogle open up! You're under arrest!
You have to argue otherwise groups will get in to circlejerks and people who dont know any better will take it as fact.
Gotta go fast
Unless your dog has been trained it probably won't protect you
Probably because they didn't treach his kids nothing and don't want them around when the shit show starts.
Well its not like they haven't been bringing it up for the past 3 years even several times on reddit.
Im offered that you are offered.
You can't really repair that too many nerves. Id take my chances being broke than to have my dick stop working.
R Kelly and Jared Fogle does
Well they better bring back the booty warrior in the first episode
Lets be honest you aren't about to spend a million dollars for a slap. Maybe a trip to McDonald's for a happy meal and then the park
Lets hope he gets vaccinated first
Maybe he needs to go take a dump
This is one of those things that if the child isn't shown how and what it means then they won't just pick it up on their own
The sudoku killer will murder 1, 4 or 9 victims next
Don't help just film
Something smells like updog
This is Texas they dont need a reason to fire any employee
Problem is since jobs died there has been no one to step up and innovate the company. Everyone is smelling their own farts and thinks they smell like roses. Since they cant really do any better they have to control the conversation. Lets ignore the price for a moment. This is not a exciting product and it looks so so. I would boo too if i were them because this didnt need its own press release. Its the equivalent of watching paint dry. If anything whoever is with placing orders and sales should be charged with trying to get up sale the producs on cutomer orders. These people in their ivory tower tower is out of touch. This just hurts their company imagine. I bet the think breaks after not too long because of planning obsolescence
So basically immigration is feeding the forprofit prison industry on the government's dime. This will never end at this pace because the industry will not allow it to.
This literally happened to me. I was fighting skeletons in minecraft and they ened up killing my dog so i remurded them
I think this more has to do with people living like this make bad choices when it comes to food and health.
I wait for the tank. I was playing last night and the tank died lots of debt for the tank
Scrappers can solo easy and don't have to team up unless they want faster exp gain
I don't there there us a national smoking age otherwise states could not pass any laws regarding that
I did a 360 now im playing halo 3
Its missing socks
That explains the street vendors in newyork
https://youtu.be/sq_Fm7qfRQk
Eu sever in homecoming
Rabbit: I done fucked up.
People dont want to pay higher taxes to pay teachers more then again i know of some school districts in Texas where teachers make 40k to 50k+ The problem with teachers salaries is it isnt keeping up with inflation 30k was pretty good in the 90s when you could find houses for 60k in good neighborhoods.
Not even masters. If someone has a master's degree they don't need to be teaching elementary school, middle school and maybe not even high school. They need to be on the school board or working to be the principal. They need to be teaching at a jr college or university. If they don't or they just love teaching students then that is on them at that point. Thats alot of specialized knowledge to just be teaching trig or biology or algebra or english. School needs to be real with what they are doing to these adults with advanced degrees. In Texas you dont need a degree in teaching to teach high school just a degree and sometimes the school is willing to overlook certification but will pay less. My high school physics teacher left teaching to work at Texas Instruments. I think my science teacher in middle school was an engineer he quit midyear when he found a job. Strangely enough the replacement teacher was hot.
Isn't there a ethernet Jack in the room? Couldn't you just get an wifi repeater and plug in to that?
Omae wa mou shinderu!
https://youtu.be/UJS3a20rUVM
If the son is bailed out then he won't learn some bad experiences stick with you and will influence your future decisions. When i get a credit card offers or loans i think where is the money coming from to pay for this.
He has to play the chance of coming back from a 3- 1 game deficit is really low
Photoshop his face smaller
If the Raptors win the series it will be a legit win and not them beating up on hasbeens
He should be more concerned about if he needs to take a drug test soon
Its the same racist argument that is made against black people when they saying unqualified black people are going to college and taking seats from more qualified students.
Imagine the bad breath
You can take the train down in to Dallas but $9 to $12 per person might be expensive
[Visual confusion]
2019 freshman will have graduated by then
[Visual confusion]
Thats because there are alot of adults passing misinformation. I remember the first time i hear of autism was when an adult brought it up in church and she equated it to a child acting out and needs a beating.
Its better to have some experience and involvement than to not so that when he goes to the next job he can negotiate for more.
This is out of order
Isn't that where we keep our seed vault incase doomsday happens?
Turtles fighting the oppressive Russian government just to survive
Thise busses might be subsidized by other means plus if everyone is using the service and paying late night service isnt an issue. In Denton bus service ends at 11pm people who get off work after that is screwed.
Roll tide
Good thing im not at work
What? What?
People get deadbolts because crooks will shim the door open with a card.
https://youtu.be/YD4AhEUny58
This should be my ringtone
This should be a shooting stars meme
Does this mean that i can do the reverse to piss people off
She was trying to have a good time until some dude comes up out of nowhere and hits her from behind.
Reality is often disappointing
Does this ever really work?
When you have only 1 star
Somethings are famous for the wrong reasons
If hes a gentleman then why is he naked?
Being transparent leaves you open to attacks
Murder mitts
&gt; Most people probably believe there is no conceivable use for fox urine. Well, those people are wrong.
Or fighting with swords in general People need to see what happens if they want to play with swords
This is some mario villain shit going on
Farts probably do eating beans and sausage for breakfast
When you tell em a specific time and give em the opportunity to change it
https://i.imgur.com/Esn6dXv.gif
People die after several days of no sleep
Man threw away his freedom and possible career because women willing to be naked on the internet isn't good enough
You should take him for a ride and let him chase people
Dangly bits
Gonna be called white for this... fuck it Riveting tale chap
Its all about getting them in the door and then they feel too guilty to not let him smash
She is sticking it to the office supply cartel
Should have done a chalk outline
Halo
https://youtu.be/-rLWdOTplVw
I like the alternate versions kids would sing
I think is " and you aint got one"
That is how it is in Texas people who say otherwise is gonna learn
If Texas probably nothing or a really low stipend. Usually not worth running for unless you dont need money.
Problem is ridership. All of the stops between Denton and dart connection isat some apartments which is great if you live at one of those. I dont even think there is a stop at NCTC which should've been an no brainer. They need stops around businesses, offices, schools and retail. The regional pass is $12 dollars. The train isnt convenient if you aren't going in to Dallas and even at that uts expensive. When i went to New York the subway was cheap and it took you to areas wotth visiting
That place is terrible you want the oriental garden by the jack in the box on hickory. They change their menu every once in a while though
That is the only place i know of that carrys pickle loaf
And won't the firedepartment come unlock your car on the cheap anyways
Student apartments is just in name you dont need to be a student. Its more like advertising. You get what you get in those places
Zune is a thing?
Don't spend it contact the school
Fine keep your secrets
Yea they are Inhuman camps... They probably treat the prisoners in Guantanamo bay better than those people crossing the border and the prisoners in Guantanamo bay are suspected of being enemies of the state. If you ask when are those people going home? Probably never so they will become more expensive problem than shipping them home or letting them stay and pay taxes. That is why they aren't providing blankets or soap. If they aren't willing to provide basics what happens when those children need clothes? When does the "final solution" kick off? How long until other countries sanction the US or invade under humanitarian violations? If they allowed cameras in those camps what would the world do in response?
This is how you take away the rights and protections of others. It doesn't bother them because it doesn't affect them.
That cross contamination
That pizza ain't hot little ceasar is old and ready
When you don't have other skills its either hide who you are to be a politician or suck dick for a living
Maybe some kind of silicone mold to create controlled blowouts
Meat was almost back on the menu
They probably took the advice of apple's CEO who said its not necessarily to go to college for a degree in computer science. /s Being cheap saved them a few dollars in labor costs but cost millions if not billions in market share and profits. You keep hearing stories like this and you have to think how can the people in charge be so dumb. This is one industry that they can't afford to lose the publics trust
Filthy casuals
Thats how you get deported
Will the hands be detachable to add other attachments? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
And be attractive and don't be unattractive
Giving the Nazi salute while giving a high kick
Hating on alcohol and pussy is common for some people.
I have an idea ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Didn't they have to create 2 endings to my fair lady because people were pissed off at the ending. This is nothing new
Alot of business are conservative in looks and may wish to maintain that look for clients so no face tattoos or unnatural colored hair. I had a professor in a business class which he used to work for EDS. At that time this story took place they had a strict dress code. Well he was doing some work on the weekend and came in with shorts and sandals. The gaurd saw that and sent him home to change. They may not say that is the reason why they dont hire you but that is why.
Unless you are in comp science or going to be using cad programs alot i wouldn't bother. The school computer labs till have what you need. You may need a laptop to write papers for core classes like English again alot of that can be done on school computers. That depends on how busy you are and how portable you need your workspace to be
Isn't linear algebra a prerequisite for diffeq i took that before multivariable calculus
Well what if the president of the company gives tours to potential clients they still want to have a certain look. Unless they state otherwise you really shouldn't just have a look of any kind of way
There are other universities that offer mechanical engineering. Cal 2 isnt easy well maybe it is. Cal 2 is a collection of different techniques that might not interact with each other. Best thing you can do is learn the technique and then work the related calculus problems to reinforce the technique. Work as many problems as you can find and work the examples until its second nature. If you are finding that you are getting stuck on a algebra or trig step then break out your algebra or trig book and work those respective problems. Its best to have those close by. Whatever is assigned for homework isnt enough. Once you learn the technique you must to maintenance to remember what you learn by re reading the sections and working problems. If you get good it will take 15 mins or less for that technique. You have to do it because whatever that cal 2 technique that you use is a small part to a larger problem in future courses. Consider taking a study skills course
I get anxiety on those do or die courses. If i prepared enough then all i have are my wits to comfort me. You have to overcome that anxiety and if you have bad sleeping habits that compounded on the anxiety. Not sleeping enough can cause you to fog over mentally and can take along time return to normal. A Maybe its ADHD and you should see a doctor.
Still gotta pay taxes doe
https://youtu.be/cjiTlCYFIUY
Or you can watch billwurtz history of Japan
The problem is how often do people die on starwars is instantly killed. Even obiwan just decided to thanos snap himself.
Yes its a couple of dollars if its not a special key. Plus you don't know if he has been going through your stuff or his friend has been taking stuff. Identity theft is often from people you know who have opportunity.
What is ruining games is the industry is treating its customers like cattle that they have to trick out of money. Adults just buy games for their children and dont understand that they are purchasing a terrible product. There is no other industry where companies can behave like that and survive long term. The problem is customers are being negligent and giving bad companies participation trophies to companies that dont deserve them.
Its not rampant like it is in the gaming industry and companies that do behave like this wont be around for long
Its gon rain
So lets pretend its 1992 and watch batman the animated series but you have to run home from a local elementary school
NTA you are planning to work not watch peoples babbies what are they going to do when the rent is due Some people need to respect boundaries
Possibly Tyson... he still has time
Only top ten? Are you living under a rock?
I wanna shake your hand,
Have you went to the police about both assholes?
Here comes the Cadbury filling
What a time to be alive
I was considering joining the navy a few years ago...
No they will make exceptions for the meat grinder or put them on decoy squads
Probably smells bad
Some areas are too understaffed to care but that goes out the window if they are looking for probable cause and/or you are minority.
They have been remodeling their stores. Not too long ago they opened a store on 423 by the Little Elm and Frisco border
Aren't citations tied to your euid
I think the expectation is that you will spend more time out on campus than in your room and since its 9 months they aren't expecting you to bring too much stuff.
Business close/move all the time in Denton. There is alot of traffic that comes through here but Denton isnt the destination there is no real easy way for people who live on 380 to get south to get to the highway besides 288, Lake Dallas toll bridge ect... it doesn't help that there is a lake near by. To me if you commute this is a terrible area to live unless you are on 35 at 3:30am. Unless its my goal or i have to go that way then i don't go to 288. That prevents me from going to restaurants just because. There are shortcuts to get in and out of 288 quickly but that is none of your business.
Gas gas gas
He didn't pat the elbow
Is this titan fall 3
Because ass holes try and cheat the line by cutting in line. Its not a mistake they do it every day. Do not let those people in.
I need to hurry and move away
Don't eat taco bell at 2:30 am
If would say that the person looking at that lady is an idiot and this paragraph might display what kind of person he is
Those brownies you get at Walmart
Look the same just orange
Yes they do check
Airbnb rentals skirt regulations and taxes that regular hotels must follow. Most likely that any of this will get enforced is when there is a complaint lodged to the city so as long as renters are being good neighbors...
So now we know what anikin mother was doing to make money for the hutts
Well spies cant be non Iranian those would be detained right away
Minecraft has bees now
Every time I go to Walmart
Kolache heaven also gives discounts to students with student id
Can't be waisting precious water
The dentist is scary
If student doesn't meet SAP or caught with drugs
He can park at golden triangle mall and take Colorado Express if it still goes that way. He can't have the grade A spots.
Still should try some classes have extra seats and professors know people will drop
https://youtu.be/C5gFF16qbKI
&gt; Gets ass eaten first by crocodile
Maybe he is a time traveler
Take it to the police
Shit is going to suck tonight its going to melt and refreeze
He has some good stuff and he isn't cheating anyone out of a education he really should have a bigger voice in the department. The biggest problem with most professors they make the students anxiety worse making studying difficult Li doesn't do that.
He kind of did off camera
Trump doesn't care about climate change he wont live long enough to see the repercussions of his actions
Can't forget if you don't know
He trying to get you to look so you can get punched we did this in high school.
Avengers End Game: The Long Con.
\\[T]/
I imagine that beating off is the best way to get through hard times
We will rebuild
Those car tracks are suspicious
You should look at the requirements to get admitted out of high school Go to unt.edu and look at the future students section. If you have the grades you should consider schools like UTD and or schools known for their comp sci program. Other schools might have something that you want to pursue for example UNT Mechanical engineering degree has a energy component to it. Look at the unt computer sci website and look at the degrees that are offered I don't know the quality of the comp sci program here but all i am saying is that you dont want buyers remorse because you didn't look at all your options.
No its just a normal closure that happens at the end of semesters tomorrow it will be open as normal
Child porn, links to terrorism, etc...
Just use ramen noodles
Reminds me of miss piggy freaking out
Why is there a hand packaged in the freezer?
Maybe UNT rejects people at random because they dont like unlucky people.
I got a class on there from last semester. Im tempted to download the support files that the professor posted. Im not taking that class again so yea
From a certain point of view.
When you buy a temporary pass does it matter if its bought ahead of time?
Sometimes its the nurses that work there
https://youtu.be/XlVOJg23QZ0
Maybe that person has clarity because of broken arms
Maybe she believes that she belongs in there
Probably doesn't want to encourage it further
Not just money, abusers think they have a rights to your time and property. They don't care about what obligations you have or if you are trying to get ahead at work to have a better life. None of that matters to them.
Did we learn nothing from Bush. You don't need popular vote to win.
Those horny singles ads should turn on your webcam when you click on them
Biden is like saying 4 more years for trump. Bidens time has passed
Soon you can think about giving yourself the stranger.
Wait people do lan parties in willis?
Well if you are already accepted and you take a year off you will have to reapply to the school which that could be an issue such that you should talk to the school about it.
That won't stop reoffenders
Sha sha sha pocket sand...
Note if you all are thinking about about taking the DP bus to main campus even if you don't have classes at DP its probably worth you time to find other parking solutions closer to main campus. Unless the bus is there and waiting for you its not a quick trip and even when the bus is full it sits there parked even though no one else can get on. People don't shower or care about personal space even if the bus is empty. You should plan 30 minutes to an hour.
FYI: Weed ain't legal on the federal level. Don't loose your federal student aid getting caught with weed.
I ain't working for free
Im not your friend, buddy
No, i don't think I will
What kind of videos?
The lies people tell for clout
Real lifehack give terrible advice and wait for better advice in comments
She might be cool when she isnt angry
So they can do it again and the police won't know what happened
Well there is no dedicated building for math they are like a tramp holding classes in whatever building has space. Despite that all stem majors go through them. Some people even argue that you should take classes like calculus at a community college.
The buffet by movie tavern is allright. Oriental Garden on hickory is good but they do change their menu from time to time. Panda Express is good if you like food that has been sitting out.
You probably don't want to be hanging around the same place every night. Police usually dont bother you unless you become obvious with it or a problem. That said arrive after dark and leave early if you are sleeping in a neighborhood. Probably not one with neighborhood watch. Get gym membership to shower alot of people work while homeless.
Always call customer service most times they don't know there is an issue until you tell them. Some companies will only give credit for out of service from the time you reported it to time restored so if you wait a few days you pissing away credit.
Amazon
Alot of court tv is fake. Some of it they pay both parties to come in but there is no real repercussions. Real court is dry and un sensationalized.
As in tradition when moses came down with the 10 commandments and delivered it to the people he immediately drove to the local popeye's and harrassed the poor lady behind the counter.
Or paid vote manipulation
People are behaving like ass hats especially the people in trucks the police need to spend more time on that stretch of road instead of hiding out in the dark at 3am
Every Texas town used to be a nice pasture full of ticks
I want to shake his hand
I don't know is the Australian government so poor it needs to rely on donations?
Donkey Kong
They knew she was like that and should not have been playing pranks with her around. People like that approach all problems like that.
Inb4 country club
Did they take pictures from the ISS
The problem is adults have to work even if start times is pushed back some people still drop kids off early
Transfer orientation is like a day and don't get all the stuff the freshman get and they have different ones available but your friend will know more through official school communication. They should spell out all the next steps so he needs to be checking his mail and email regularly
Depends on your background and if you are studying properly. You have to do the preclass reading, go to class, take notes and do more than just the assigned homework. My calculus 1 professor said you have to work problems until you get sick of them and then continue to do more problems. Its the same for all other courses. If you have knowledge gaps it will be harder
Secret exit for when he needs to do some heroing
Victory is off in the middle of nowhere might aswell travel from the other side of the planet its a terrible experience to have to wait for the bus when its super hot or super cold.
Everybody is equal with 6
Dog: go get the stick...
If i was the snake i would shit in his mouth
Maybe he is a senior and has to retake the class and knows too much
I understand that they need to be able to torrent 15terabytes of porn at any given moment but that should use wifi unless the are playing starcraft and on 3v3 BGH
Shit here we go again
I dream about using the bathroom but i refuse because it is a trap.
He hasn't been to tentai yet
The rent is too damn high
Also these fake luxury apartments. Granite counters dont make an apartment luxury. They know that they can charge because people will use their financial aid on rent. The surrounding area is no better in prices
No thats not why
The Chinese government cannot be everywhere to make sure people are following proper procedures. People have to be educated and they have to believe in the solution. The other side is someone looking to make a quick buck may not care and still cut corners
Problem is the good people are too good that is why the autobots would always give up a tactical advantage just to barely win against the decepticons.
No you just get gud at cheating. In the work place people dont care if you cheated if it gets results and people get to leave early on Friday
Gas gas gas
You about to have a bad time
Does the mouse bring plague?
Walmart
Now you can play them at the same time https://imgur.com/I29lDf6.jpg
I don't see any pizza op
Which circuses
I always have my dong around me aswell
Plus they probably already watching to see if you steal
No this is not how this works
...It was the bork of times
Shaq would have been off the team if they had those free throw rules
If they want to get all of the worlds leadership. Problem is the number 2 that takes over
Is that chocolate milk?
Now there is 2 of them
No Denton is always like this. That quick trip by the hospital is usually lower than other places
Didnt UNT close a bunch of business over there and take the land from someone else
More to life than parties
This aint North Korea
Well i pay pandora $10 a month out of all the songs I listen to how many times is that $10 is split to pay royalties. Almost seems like a worthless endeavor. The benefit is exposure and that the customer will buy an album that they like.
This reposted comment after this video is reposted
Sounds like a bad idea seeing how the access of the rec is paid by tuition the school doesn't want to give away anything free. You might get your friend in trouble.
Its Its something that has not been seen in humans before
There was a art supply store over there.
And we could be like some countries where its mandatory for a few years
Police is always over there
Fire JJ
Pizza time
You can always do like they did in that old peter pan movie and just imagine the food. That is fast, cheap and you can have whatever and as much as you want.
Hmm...don't let you dreams be dreams...
14 easy points on final grade
I don't know why they are booing your right
Ravioli ravioli whats in my pocketolli
H&amp;R block is good
Make sure the quality is similar to the picture of kim Kardashian child being photoshopped in.
Jobs are like that miss work a couple of times and you are out.
5 minutes can definitely get you fired especially jobs where being late messes with production and or you hold an important role. There are many bosses out there that do not like thier employees to be late. Doesn't mean they are tyrants that is just the way it is.
Not really different. School is really similar to office work. Homework, quizzes and test are similar to request that a boss might give you which is a task that must be completed with in a certain amount of time and each task has varied levels of difficulty. Your boss wont tell you how to do these task either. If you look at it a different way lets say we are both in the same class and we both pay what gives you the right to show up 5 minutes late and disrupt the lecture for me who showed up on time. The information given in the first 5 minutes is just as important as the information given in the middle of class.
Most freshman are required to live in dorms with some exemptions that is why they get focused upon.
*Goes on to white collar crime*
This is why they run for office. Especially in lower election that doesn't really pay that well if at all. The Texas Senate is another one of those elected positions that doesn't pay well. A regular person cannot afford to live on a low salary.
Problem is you cant have infinite growth. At some point the school will need to prioritize the size it wishes to be and not deviate that might mean harsher admission standards and keeping people to graduate on time. The freshman admitted can only be as many beds are available
If i should die i will bequeath all of my debt to you
That is if it is done right. The problem is some fool will take the computers word over everything else. If you have the person who did apples facial recognition then you might have a bunch of false positives especially in parts of the world where people look the same because of a reacent common ancestor
Have you tried the ear? Cant get the ear pregnant.
Don't forget to bring a towel
Chances are dorms might be full. Apartments have kitchens so you won't need a meal plan making it cheaper
Do it!
Let me show you its features.
My discovery park classes say internet now. Hopefully the will reduce tuition
Why should we pay for that extra stuff if the campus is closed? Do you think we should be taken for a ride?
When you know they shooting rubber bullets
Isn't that zero two
Not with that attitude there isn't
You shouldn't be cruel to donkeys
I got them early in the morning best hitter of the day
Some guy was talking about it yesterday in wallstreetbets
Everyone on 35e
I work a second job where we wear mask and heat builds up in those things and becomes difficult to breathe. Its understandable that someone would not want to wear those for long periods of time.
Le reddit army has arrived?
My portfolio was started with my stimulus money
You can also make it green by buying the dip.
I don't have back pain
Its still going up
But they will be back and in greater numbers
Thats no moon
This is why alot of jobs have a policy of not discussing politics or religion. You should make sure that anything you post on social media is not visible to people outside your inner circle and stuff that is inoffensive is visible to everyone.
Keep social media on private. Texas is a at will employment state so they don't need a reason to fire you. Its Its not unheard of for customers and other people to demand someone be fired. It happened to the white nationalists that was carrying those torches a few years ago. It comes down to what are you worth to you boss and/or the people you are working for are scumbags All in all keep social media on private and don't bring hot topic issues in to work. Don't engage coworkers in those topics and politely ask them to change the subject. If you are working there is a good chance that you can file unemployment if fired. If you feel that you are terminated unjustly you can fIle a claim with EEOC
You will have to be more specific
You all who live over there should contact your state representative and share this video and let them know that this isn't acceptable
That stuff is for the bears...
The big cat was teased with food
Weren't people upset at Microsoft over the same thing
When i was a kid my family tried going to a white church and some white lady told us to leave.
Don't worry just the ramblings of a bear
Just give me the money because you will just waste it buying puts
Roll tide
I have seen an axe cut hair
What math is it?
Go print us some money, make it brrrrr
Houses are expensive you should make it grow more
I been in MRO its great. If it gets back to its it's normal price well...
But not the jar
Oh? What do you think about kosmos energy (kos)
Maybe American in next pandemic
If you are talking them in the fall then no you just need a fair professor who is competent at teaching
Register to vote and pay attention to the elected officials and how they react in the coming months. Texas has early voting so not being able to vote on a Tuesday isn't a good enough excuse
Now hes a trex
His girlfriend is giving bad advice. He going to end up working at someones warehouse
He probably does this all day
Don't forget that the Republicans had complained that the bill was too soft
Fire the heads at the department giving orders. One officer being fired does nothing the person at the top and department heads are creating the culture
Believe the opposite unless people getting their right violated
Imagine if there was a turtle like that
He probably did something for the town and they kept it up because tradition
You have to buy mtv 3
Bird: quit making all that racket.
It would be nice if some facilities were open like the library
Even if someone fits a description it doesn't mean that they are entitled to death. The US constitution guarantees a trail as a opportunity to prove innocence. People allredy don't want to go with the police because they feel like they won't get a fair shake because the DA is just looking to pin the crime on someone.
Aswell as peoples rights to trial police don't need to be killing people.
Each state is about the size of a country in Europe
If you ever worked while wearing one you would understand it traps heat and difficult to breathe is a understatement
It hit 9 this morning before the market opened.. such a good day
I don't know they have it in their policy that they won't discriminate based on you DNA so this may not be a slight of hand but rather they understand where this technology will lead to seeing how their technology helped Nazi Germany in the holocaust.
Someone buying for video games won't keep hardware for 15 years. Business wont overclock. Grandma who never upgrades her computer probably will never be interested in overclocking. Maybe it will affect people who can only afford to buy pc every 15 years
They won't because trump won't allow it
No. Its none of his business. There is a good chance he is not tolerant of it. UNT is a liberal school but people from all walks of life come here. Also if he is a bad roommate because of that talk to the RA about switching rooms
Stock market: i only get 30 minutes for lunch.
Those ads are probably cached somewhere probably on some ad server the isn't being throttled by the isp
Yeah... and nobody has said anything
Sue don't settle set a legal precedent
Got to get the base to circle the wagons
Maybe, are you only with her for the looks? If there is something else about her that attracts you then maybe you are lucky to have her.
Its that guy from startrek the next generation
To be honest beyond the bill of rights this has been American history. Something happened and it gets taken to the supreme court. It takes a while but in the long run everyone is better off.
Don Cheadle is the better choice
That sign needs more jpeg
I might have been ok with it if it let you take it out on weekends. Just file a police report and claim fraud. What are they going to do arrest a racoon?
You need to go brrrrrr
I just bought puts on spy and recouped my losses
Some people can only take classes at night. Usually business or education majors. Night classes suck
Probably if its on a computer there probably isn't partial credit
Its the same in the United states
Then we can ride it to the top again
Buy the dip
It vibrates for more even tortillas
Well start our own reddt with blackjack and hookers
Mayonnaise on the slip n slide? Dem boys aint right.
No no no because reasons
This is Patrick
It also signs you out
I do have pancake mix in the cabinet
Do they have free hoods that they provide
Their job isnt murder, their job is to write tickets and apprehend law violators for a trial which at that point the court decides if a person is guilty or not. The constitution gaurentees a person to a trial, lawyer , you cannot be compelled to testify against yourself, the right to remain silent.
They have tablets in prison. I know people who do technical support for them
Nfl already said that they were wrong i would imagine that the protestering will be more wide spread
Stoinks are on fire
Ok ill be quiet then...
🤣🤣🤣
Some people have poor priorities and will rent those wheels
Its a long time by bus if you don't get on by the schedule departure plus you have to walk to the bus
Could start the no yolian club https://youtu.be/U7R3hzpfnmw
Turn down the sound and they become good roommates that like each other
I guess he will have his billions to console him on those lonely nights
I don't know there isn't a rail i would be careful walking and he drinks water weirdly
Ill sleep when im dead
The only way to get that much margin is to have that much money in the account. Robinhood isn't just giving that money away
Zoom will use will go down over time. So when schools aren't using zoom the bubble will pop I don't see zoom transitioning to be the new normal
That wouldn't be reliable because the jedi will refuse candidates by simply being too old. There is a good chance that force users would not be a scarce if they weren't hoarding the training
This needs some metal playing in the background
Things to remember investing is a risk that can loose value. With that said 1.)don't invest your rent 2.)don't invest bill money 3.)don't invest your tuition money 4.)don't invest your food money 5.)don't invest loaned money The money that you should be investing is money that is extra such that if you loose that money life still goes on.
Buy calls
The dip is coming
👍
If you want them to release new games stop buying the old ones
Cat: what is that doing in my box
That is how Mississippi is and they don't have any intention of changing. If the people are bold like that you definitely don't want to fuck with their police.
This is probably in general. If you spend enough time on YouTube watching videos on the stock market there is always someone talking about individuals loosing their shirt. The problem isn't WSB the issue is people making poor decisions while chasing the pot of gold.
Maybe he looking at spxs
Can't enjoy tendies hunny musty if you are dead.
There is alot they can do to stop criminals but the don't because it cost money
Prisoners are paid pennies on the dollar and can be made to preform work against their will
Denton is designed terribly that discourages walking. Busses are slow and you will be waiting if you need to catch a transfer. For any individual who has stuff to do in a timely manner they will drive. There was a corner store that i used to walk to all the time on eagle and the city closed down i think they are putting a power station there. There are some areas that don't have stores for miles and people have to drive.
4am is a huge advantage there some stuff going on at 4am that i don't get to take part in Shit people can comment on the stocks
Im seriously considering switching to a different platform
They do if you get out in time
Sir THIS IS SPARTA!
With the city work truck
And takes a bite and gets a mouthful of strings
But will smoothie king
It you are enrolled and looking to drop any the refund window for summer is really short. Like a couple of days short.
Just wait till you get the only one professor is teaching and its sink or swim.
Business arent that dumb but they still may choose profits over safety
300 can buy alot of tendies
Robinhood has some of those tools... you just have to pay for it. Robinhood is behind the curve you can't really categorize, separate or organize your stocks its really a mess
To be honest i would not be upset over that if it wasn't in my contact but i also would not be loyal to them in the long term.
Trump and his staffers knows how serious this virus is. Its probably more along the lines of calculated sacrifice. The show must go on for them which the cannot display weaknesses by canceling rallys and public appearances.
The ereader isn't the problem. Publishers will need to provide books that don't require special software that read them. I have a tablet that works fine for reading pdf but barnes and noble software yuzu wants a device that has a certain os on it. Keep in mind i bought the tablet from barnes and noble.
Google z library
I would say that the benefit is the visuals can be updated in the future to keep the movie current
Imagine if the city didnt have to pay out to victims because of misconduct
The military is to protect corporate interests around the world.
Someone made a YouTube video recently about what happened to bell daphne
Isn't cohncarnage married?... i would never expect strippen to do that. Maybe he is getting the sjin treatment where questionable shit happened and someone is making a big deal out of nothing.
She can wear a functional one underneath or have reuseable inserts
Ad popped up before it could play
Because they believe its the community vs the police. Just fire all of them and hire those individuals who are out of work and people who aren't making enough to support themselves.
Sir i think you have a problem
Ghost:Get out! Man: Look ghost i just quit my job in New York and spent all my savings on this house. We ain't going no where. Ghost: then die!
He won't split with the president so unless Trump says its ok Abbott will not do. He didn't want to even shut down the first time.
Bind it to a key on the keyboard
Lets rip the bandaid off so we can get back to gains
No more kids
In Texas you have to schedule appointments for driving tests
More like a couch gang
Its a test to see how hungry are you
The great cornholio
Depends upon the jury and if they are willing to convict
Some jobs don't care what the degree is finishing college means they can train you in whatever they need you to do.
Depends on the city which some cities sent thier workers
Or even communities like lake Dallas or shopping centers along 35. Its really only serving people who want to go to Dallas problem is that day pass is expensive. Its cheaper to drive than to buy the regional day pass
Buying calls in bear etf?
We need to see the numbers on the card to make sure that it's real
I would not go return the money
Guy in red shirt immediately leaves
Shouldn't have been buying puts you would be able to buy it.
Maybe he should be voted out of office
Oh look at mr moneybags with his 2 story home
Gotta spend the money or loose the budget
I know that they like to meme bear bad but you have to do what you have to do the alternative is sell your calls and throw a tendie party
First wave never left
Karen probably called the police and said his presence was a threat to her minding her own damn business.
Seriously don't buy the game is it upsets you same with skyrim you don't need to own every copy of it
Wasn't luke a master so shouldn't there be a stick there
He also wants you to risk your life to vote in person because voter suppression.
Ah yes the reddit user
He wanted some hugs not to spoon
The reason why we have so many furrys now
Don't treat batman like that
You can always test a number by dividing by 2,3, 5, or 7 some numbers aren't intuitive.
55 in residential areas? Smh
Texas governor Abbott ordered the bars to close and restaurants to go down to 50% capacity
I just like grill cheese
Have you tried farting
The trump supporters would be very upset if they could read
Op.... you are making us look bad
They needed a patsy because it was easier than finding the real killer while keeping their metrics up
The better say nothing how people protesting is disrespecting the troops
Nice try Denton pd
Pence is sent to waste taxpayer dollars and grand stand. I don't remember any vps doing anything useful. Their job is to not die just in case.
Maybe someone can find a tweet during the time the briefing happened or check his internet browsing history
I have seen porn
close your eyes and reach for the tissue
Fox news at it again? Didn't they originally sall covid 19 a hoax only to backpedal
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I remember playing cod on the 360. On the tutorial missions it told you to aim and dont shoot from the hip. There is probably some useful information in those games
They should just do like Texas and allow early voting. People have weeks to vote even on weekends and they don't have to be in their specific precinct. I remember voting at a school campus once
They can go back to destroying their coffee maker again
Its keeps them on the platform so Facebook can advertise to them. Facebook isn't being some moral arbiter for free speech they need your eyes inorder to make money.
Phone: soon i will make my escape
I get paid on Friday its the start of a 3 paycheck month
