Walmart costs the US something like $6B a year in taxes, because of the amount of government assistance that is paid out to Walmart employees. Walmart could literally raise the price of a handful of common items by 10 cents, and make up that $6B, and pay it out to their employees.
A coffee mug is too tall.
How are most within reach of a sink? Its BEHIND the washer, so unless you're laying your chest on the washer, to reach behind it and grab the plug, while your foot is stretched out to touch the sink, what's the problem? Again, same thing with the fridge. The GFCI is there to protect YOU, how are you getting to your fridge receptacle that's behind your fridge thats full of food and weighs a few hundred pounds to fuck with the outlet, while ALSO still be able to get a limb in to your sink full of water? I'd also say that 95% of laundry rooms where I'm from dont have a sink. Most are a small 6x6 room that is just large enough to fit the washer and dryer in, and not much else. Some might have a short section of cabinets, but most people dont see the need for a sink in their laundry room. I have one in mine, and I honestly dont think I've used it more than twice in the 4 years I've had my house. GFCIs in general are a fairly new thing, they didnt even exist until the 80s, and werent required by code until the 90s.
&gt;IMO that stuff is just as ridiculous as needing an arc fault on basically everything but... it is what it is. So why is it that you call our code weird then? Sounds like ours makes more sense because we arent required to GFCI pointless stuff.
The only thing required to be a single outlet is a sump pump outlet, so that it doesnt need to be AFCI protected. There are no other codes that require a single outlet for an appliance.
Garbage disposal makes sense because there is literally water going down in to an electric motor. But 99% of disposals have a built in GFCI. Washer again makes sense because at 42", unless you have stackers, the outlet is above the washer and can be used for something else. I still think having a general convenience outlet in a laundry room that doesnt have a sink in it, is absolutely stupid. An outlet on a different wall than the washer, that is 12-24" off of the floor, has no more risk of a ground fault than the outlets in your living room.
Truss? Or joist? Appears to be an [open web joist](https://stonetrusscom-4jzhg7c.stackpathdns.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/home_truss_2.jpg) with another floor above? Likely a toilet drain? Maybe the framers should follow the joist layout and not land one directly where a toilet should be.
Very true, and on large jobs like that, the engineers definitely need to talk to eachother. On just a house, it's the framers responsibility to make sure that floor joists arent getting in the way of plumbing drops and heating vents. At the very most, all they'd have to do is explain the issue to the builder, and have them order up a single extra joist.
What kind of area do you live in that you cant get a standard joist to a site literally the same day? I live in a town of 27,000 and I could call up 4 different places to get an open web joist made up on the spot. And how does a single joist hold up an entire job? That's like saying you cant wire the house because only 8 rolls of 14/2 showed up on site instead of 9, so you have to wait.
Oh absolutely, the plumber is a complete asshole for just cutting it apart. But the framer is the original asshole for doing his framing wrong.
And when that 3.5" puts the toilet too close to the shower, then what? You know that there are codes for wide an area you need for a toilet are, right? Or they move it closer to the cabinet, then they need to change 1 single cabinet and counter top out of like 60 in an entire hotel? All because the framer was stupid and landed his joist in the wrong place.
Old units with potentially undersized wire causes excessive voltage drop, lower volts on inductive loads like motors mean they pull more current to try to make up for the loss in voltage. Down as low as 100 or 90, definitely sounds like loose connections though, unless your service wires to each site are extremely undersized. Camp site power lines need to be BIG for voltage drop. I've done one small camp ground before, that just had a single power distribution point for the whole thing. The longest runs we were doing for RV sites had wire good for like 125a, to power a 50a RV plug, because of the long distance.
&gt;long runs they want individual conductors Which is all fine and dandy for #12 or #10. If my inspector forced me to pull #6 singles to feed a garage sub panel or something, which would then require me to have 2x junction boxes (one on each building), and have to splice my #6s in both, because I now need to transition from single conductors to a #6/3 NM on both ends, I'd be pissed off. Even worse on larger 100a sub panels, because now I'm forced to either split bolt, or buy expensive Polaris connectors and try to justify the added cost to the customer because the inspector is a twat.
As long as the wire is past the metal clamp, which it obviously is, there is no reason for it to be stripped longer, just so you can have the end of the wire reach the back of the connector.
But you just take SquareD's word that they still have parts in 10 years. The argument that you think the Leviton panels are going to fail, just because they're new, is a very weak one.
But no, these ones are different!! Leviton MIGHT stop making the panels tomorrow, and then they're just going to burn their stock pile of breakers, and they'll be gone forever.
&gt;Also contact resistance, if the copper is further out it acts like a heat sink, copper has good thermal conductivity after all. Next time I pull some wire I'll make sure to look for the built in heat sink on the length of wire. If I dont need a heat sink on the 20m run of wire, I sure as hell dont need a 1/2" nub of wire at a wago to act like one at a splice.
What kind of building? My guess is someone used 14/3 or 12/3 to use the the red as their isolated ground wire, and the person who cut in the panel landed it on a breaker. Or got the red/black backwards at some point.
We were able to do pull ups from the support bracket, if it can hold 200lb guys, it can hold a 50lb light. And I made the GC put all the support in, if it falls, their problem, not mine.
Saw both of these driving down Glenmore earlier today! Thought I was imagining things seeing a Carrera GT.
So you have the blue AND black wires from the fan/light combo both spliced to the black wire coming from your switch?
Put a contactor with a 24v coil down in the building somewhere, control guy wires to the contactor to turn on the fan. Either that or you have a set of contact in the Captive Air control panel. Did you look at that before? Good chance you were supposed to run power from your panel to the control panel, then out of the panel to the exhaust fan. Have never seen low voltage control wiring run directly up to an exhaust fan.
Come up to Canada, $20 is what we pay for Dominoes, Papa John's, or Panago. Pizza hut is crazy cheap when they do their $5 one-topping sales or whatever, but then you have to have Pizza Hut. If I want to go to a local pizza place, a large is like $30-35.
I'd imagine that 480v was the number they started with, simply because they wanted something easy, and it was double 240v, which they chose because it was easy because it was double 120v. They dont make 277v lights because 277v is good for lights, they make 277v lights because 277v is what they have, because 277v is what you get when you divide 480v by root3.
Not really difficult to get to grid guys to put in a SINGLE extra cross-t so that your light lays in a 2x2 half of each 2x4 tile, with a 2x2 tile on either end of them.
Oh great, you're back again. I love that you've decided it doesnt look right, but cant figure it out.
Then the aux contact would be in the disconnect most likely, or at least all of the ones I have done are. OP said the low voltage wires are in the top can of the fan, the big round part.
Right? The boss doesnt do any printing, they've got an assistant for that. Can guarantee you that they're 1 of the 2 people with a Tesla Model S though.
Your countertop outlet HAS to be GFCId though.
Pretty much all of your electronics should work. Companies dont make different electronics based on country, every Xbox or Playstation, or TV, or Laptop are the same, just packaged with a different cord depending on destination country.
You dont buy an electric car... Eventually every apartment or condo complex will HAVE to put in chargers when they're built. And they'll have to start using their saved up condo fees to install them on existing buildings, because they're going to have more people with electric cars than without. It's an eventuality that hasn't happened yet.
Just burn the whole fucker down.
Havent ever noticed that list while looking through their catalogue, I'll have to look again. I know that I can go up to 400a on my house if I go with CT metering, but they have such absurdly high service charges for going with CT metering on residential.
Hot tub (60a circuit), induction cooktop (50a circuit) double wall oven (40a circuit), clothes dryer (30a circuit). Next time I do a furnace upgrade, it will likely be to an electric furnaxe so that I use no natural gas, those tend to be around 100a by themselves. Same with hot water, next tank will be electric instead of gas, which is another 30a circuit. Natural gas is getting way too expensive here, and as gasoline is phased out of vehicles, and power generation continually goes more and more to green and renewables, that price is just going to keep going up. If you convert the amount of natural gas it takes to boil 2L of water from BTUs to kWh, it takes 3.1kWh to boil that water with natural gas, only 0.320kWh with an electric stove, and only 0.225kWh for induction. And getting prepped for electric vehicles. I'm running power out to 2x 50a outlets at the front of my yard, so that when I have visitors over, they can charge if they need to. As well as another 2, 3, or 4 in/on the garage out back for personal vehicles and potentially more guests. I've got a double car garage, so 2 in there, and then room to park 5 vehicles wide outside behind the garage in the alleyway, so thinking 1 or 2 available put back there as well. 5x Level 2 chargers alone could be 160a if they're all pulling 32a at the same time. If its winter, and my furnace is running, and I've got a few people over, even with just 2 cars charging, and the hot tub potentially turning on to heat up, good chance I'm blowing my main if I just go with a 200a service. With a 320a meter, I could put a 200a panel in my garage, and a 200a panel in my house. Hot tub fed off of my garage panel instead of my house panel, removes pretty much all of the risk of a tripping main breaker in the house.
Takes a lot more power to make stuff hot than it does to make it cold.
Well I can cool my house with an air conditioner that takes a 30A circuit, but I need a 100A+ circuit to heat the same area. Explain that for me. Remember that your average winter temps in the UK are around 2-7 celcius, you dont see a lot of days below freezing. Here in Alberta, Canada it will drop down to -30 for 2 weeks straight. You also need to figure out replying to comments, instead of just making multiple new comment threads.
1500w at 230v is only 6.5a, I think they'll be alright with a relay rated for almost triple that dude.
Whad do you mean matching? I've never once found a socket that doesnt have an LED replacement. It's a lamp, it should be a pretty standard bulb.
You're in the US, the ratings writing on the side of the socket are just the ratings of the actual socket. Just because it says 250v max on it means nothing, that company just manufactures that socket and it's likely used all around the world in countries with 230v. If you're in the US, chances are it is wired with 120v, especially with you already having a 120v HUE light in it, but you should meter it to check. But again, that 660w rating could be of just the socket, not the actual fixture. Definitely need to post pictures.
You might not need the 4-wire between the 2 switches, but you DO need a 3-wire from the light down to the first switch. You are required by code to have a neutral wire available at at least 1 of your 3-way switch locations, which you do not, and not amount of splice changes can make it so you do. This is why it is best practice to just run power to 1 switch, 3-wire between switches, then the switch leg from the other switch, instead of doing your 3-way splices in your light, giving you neutral wires at both switches. How you have done it is a very 1980s practice, and not something that is commonly done anymore.
There are exceptions to the rule. It's not simply that every switch box needs a neutral.
&gt;I had an apprentice Your flair is "apprentice"... how did you have an apprentice?
Super glad this is happening. You know what is uglier than a dam? The 2000 "don't dam sprinbank" signs plastered all over the countryside. Just sweeter that it's almost guaranteed that all the rich oil people that live in Springbank all voted UCP.
No, but have you ever seen voltage as low as 115? That's bordering on the edge of undervoltage for lots of things. In 11 years I think I've only measured under 120V like 2 times.
Any networking is often indicated by triangles on the wall, not a circular outlet shape.
I didn't say you did, I said you're trying to, by asking for more information that we dont need, because OP gave everything we need to know.
&gt;Some of the wires to breaker box are not grounded. &gt;We've been told to get GFCIs installed at the panel. It's pretty fucking obvious what they're talking about if you're an actual electrician. Fuck off.
&gt;here is the regular price, but I'll give you a discount, which is still twice what it should be, because you're a dumb kid who i think wont know any better.
Black wire of the wifi switch goes to the 2 black wires that are spliced together already, red to the other single black, white to the group of whites in the back, green attaches to the group of bare copper
Its 2 spliced together, with a 3rd 'pigtail' that goes to your switch, you dont need the pigtail anymore because your switch has one attached to it. So you can get rid of the pigtail.
Sounds about right I'm pretty sure a house down the block has done exactly what we're talking about because they have an exposed chimney coming out the side of their house and then up. I'll have to chat with one of the HVAC guys who works on houses with me, and get ahold of our local HVAC inspector to see what he says. Trying to get all of this stuff planned out ahead of time to minimize future holes in the roof is difficult. Have to redo my plumbing venting too, and move hoodfan and bathfan vents so they're all somewhat close to my peak so as little as possible impedes a future solar install so I can maximize my panels.
Ya, we're allowed to go out the wall where I am, just not looking to replace the furnace right now, just so that I can vent out the side. Next upgrade might actually be to an electric furnace with no venting.
Coworker of mine just got it last year at 39, and he had the unfortunate privilege of getting it almost entirely below the belt. 80% of it or more was around his thighs, balls, taint, and ass. He lost like 10-15lbs in the week he took off, because he literally just didnt eat, so that he didnt have to go to the bathroom to take a shit.
Find me that code. And then read yourself the sub rules that follow it.
You greatly underestimate the cost of my natural gas. And with the change to green/renewable energy, and the move away from gasoline/diesel to electric foe cars, all fossil fuels are going to increase in price, including natural gas. This is also like 10 years down the line, so using today's prices is dumb, but my electricity is &lt;5cents per kWh. My electric bill might triple, but if my gas bill goes from $500 down to zero, that's a decrease for me during the winter.
There is a lot more to HOAs than that, and yes, your town/city can absolutely put [architectural controls](https://www.planning.org/pas/reports/report96.htm) on a neighborhoods without an HOA. If you are doing anything requiring a permit, your town can simply deny you the permit if you dont follow the rules. I dont live in a neighborhood with an HOA, I'm redoing my siding next summer. I've already checked with my town, and I've absolutely got a set of colors and tones that I have to stick to.
Dont you find it kind of counter-intuitive for them to make a blower kit so that you can side vent b-vent, but as soon as someone asks about it, you say to just change the furnace to a high efficiency.
Yeah, its communist because they dont want people devaluing others property by making their house ugly. Riiiiiight.
Your kitbashed models dont devalue my models. Your ugly ass house makes it so that I cant sell mine.
I would assume that when the instructions say to connect terminals 1 and 3 together, it means to connect one of the wires to terminal "1 AND 3", not one wire to 1 and the other to 3. Then put your other wire to terminal 2.
No, path of least resistance takes it out the neutral conductor. The whole "power is trying to get to ground" that they teach you in elementary school isnt right. Power is trying to get back to the source, which is the transformer. If you get a ground fault in your sub panel, the majority of the fault current goes back over the ground wire to the main panel, in the main panel it is bonded to the neutral, and then it goes out the neutral back to the transformer. You dont bond neutral to ground in multiple places because it creates parallel paths for your neutral. Say your sub panel is fed with all #6 wire. 2 hots, a neutral, and a ground, all the same size. The neutral carries the unbalanced current, if one of your hot legs is pulling 40a, and the other is only pulling 10a, your neutral is carrying the unbalanced 30a. But say you bonded your neutral and ground in your sub panel, now instead of the neutral carrying 30a, it is only carrying 15a, and the ground wire is carrying the other 15a. This is a danger because now any time you touch something that is grounded in your garage, you are making a potential path to ground for some of that 15a that is being brought to the panel on the ground wire.
What high-voltage surges? I'm assuming that the vast majority of your camera is plastic, it's not going to get hit by lighting. And if it does, it's going to blow the fuck up before any amount of surge is able to travel back down the 23gauge Cat6 you have.
&gt;I’ve read that nec requires grounding of any communication cables coming into the home from the outside Coming INTO THE HOME, not leaving the home. That code is for your cable techs and other companies to bond their incoming cable line, and splitters, and other stuff to ground. You don't need to ground every single Cat6 you have leaving your house to a camera.
Then go to an all-inclusive in Mexico. I absolutely hate hot weather, it starts getting above 25°C, and I'm miserable because it's just so damn hot. But going to an all enclusive resort with a group of friends, and having just an endless supply of food and drinks for a week is so much fun. You dont notice the heat anymore after the first few days, and you just get to hang out in the pool or at the beach.
This is the big thing that most people dont realize. Shipping anything from overseas by any other measure, would be far more damaging. We need shipping vessels, and yes, they do produce a fuck ton of pollution, but the alternate is more pollution from other means of transportation. The giant ship cant be made electric and run off of renewable electricity, your car easily can. So you remove emissions where you can, so that you can produce them where we need to. Unless companies start putting in miniaturized nuclear reactors in their ships, we're sort of stuck.
&gt;but not everything has an American alternative nor can I afford to buy everything American made And there lies the problem. Unless you want to start advocating for slavery again, it will be impossible to find alternatives.
The entire vacation industry as a whole is a giant waste of money and pollution, no matter where you go. The average cruise ship holds around 3000 guests. The average narrow-bodied airplane like a 737 holds around 140 passengers. Meaning it would take 22 planes to fly all of those passengers. Those 22 planes would make far more pollution flying the same number of people to the same place, as they would by taking a cruise ship. The engines on ships are the most efficient in the world, when you take in to account the per•person/per•km, which is the number that matters. To move the exact same amount of people, or the exact same weight, the same distance by any other means, will cause more pollution. If you ban cruise ships, all 3000 of those people will go on a different vacation, and chances are they will fly there, and that will cause more pollution than if they had gone on their cruise. If you ban cruise ships, you'd have to ban travelling all together.
&gt;Why not sails I honestly think that a giant pirate ship cruise ship would be badass. &gt;or wind turbines to power electric drives for the screws? I think that you, along with many other people, vastly underestimate the size of a wind turbine, especially one that could generate enough power to move a cruise ship. GE's 1.5MW turbine is probably the most common one in the world. Each blade is 116ft long, meaning you need a nearly 250ft circle for the blades, and a good 200ft tower to hold them. Carnivals biggest Oasis cruise ships are only 154ft wide, you want to picture how a 250ft diameter circle wind turbine, atop a 200ft tall tower would look, sticking off the top off a ship that sticks almost 250ft out of the water? And the power generation. That same Oasis cruise ship has around 110,000 horsepower behind its engines, or just over 80MW. That GE 1.5MW wind turbine makes around 4.5GWh of power a year, or 12.3MWh per day. So that SINGLE giant wind turbine, makes enough power in an entire day to move the cruise ship for about 9 minutes.
It sort of makes sense from a mechanical standpoint even. When you shut them off with the app, you are essentially "tripping" them, but you need to manually reset it, before you can flip it back on. Like any other brand, you need to flip it all the way off, before turning it back on after a trip.
I get what you mean with the neutral, on the 2-pole breakers, when mounting the breakers on the left hand side, you need to use the bottom neutral lug, on the right hand side, you use the top neutral lug.
Don't carry current, don't need to be insulated, simple enough. Only some types of our wire over here come with uninsulated ground wires.
It's not a bonding screw, stop calling it a bonding screw. Your bonding screw is the green screw, there is 1, no other screws in the panel are called a bonding screw.
Your argument of it making more power on a moving ship doesnt work though. The turbine spinning would work against the ship's movement. You would use more energy to move the ship forward to counteract the turbine, than you would get from the turbine. Or else your breaking the laws of physics and getting more energy than you are using. I've had similar arguments with my friends who think that electric car manufacturers should put alternators on all 4 of the wheels, so you can recharge the batteries while you're moving. That doesn't work. The alternators would work against the wheels, say each of them created 1kWh of power while driving, you would USE more than 1kWh more power from the battery in your car to counteract the alternator slowing down the car. So by putting an alternator on each wheel, you just reduce your battery distance.
&gt;merely that you'd be making more energy than a stationary one would. The reason I had this thought is because Air Resistance is far less than Water Resistance, and the overwhelming majority of a ships reason to need as much power as it does is due to dealing with Water Resistance. Yes, you would be making more, but you would also be using more. And the amount extra that youd be using, would be more than the extra you are making. So you're just losing more. It doesnt matter if you make 10MWh more power if you had to use 12MWh to make the 10MWh. All you've done is lost 2MWh.
You're using a DC powerbank, to output AC, for the laptop adapter to make DC again. This is pretty much the absolute worst, most inefficient way you can charge your laptop. That little powerbank has the absolute cheapest electronics on the market to make crazy dirty AC power. I've had multiple AC adapters for in my vehicles over the years that plug in to the 12V DC cigarette lighter plugs. They've all hummed like mad as soon as I've plugged in a laptop or something similar. Find a different way to charge your laptop, buy an extra battery for it from Dell.
The meter is a pretty major part of your service. In most cases, your electrical company wont come back to hook up the power until the new meter base has been inspected.
Even if they plug in to a 14-50R, the charger cord doesn't have a neutral wire in it, it's just a dead prong that goes to nothing. They could still technically run just the 2 hots and ground, and no neutral, and hook up to the 14-50R, and the charger would still work. 14-50R is just sort of the standard that has been made in North America for some reason. Pretty sure they just dont want all of these EV plugs to end up like stoves/ranges did, where it's now 2019 and people have to illegally bond their neutral to ground in their range because their old one was wired with either no neutral, or no ground. Maybe car chargers in the future will need the neutral for smart control or something, and we'd just end up with another 2 million illegally bonded outlets.
Do you have pics of the generator interlock? There were people here complaining a couple weeks ago that a generator interlock wouldn't be possible because the breaker handles are more of a paddle style than a toggle.
With that logic, every single splice in your house is a bond, because you're bonding one wire to the other wire in the wire nut.
Of course it's not, I'm using that to point out how ridiculous it is that you're saying it's a bond. You have a bus bar, with a threaded hole, and a flat section of bar with a hole. Screw holds one to the other, it's essentially just a [bolted joint](https://electrical-engineering-portal.com/5-copper-busbar-jointing-methods). You are 100% wrong in calling it a bond. The bonding screw is what bonds the neutral to the ground. Joining one neutral bar to another is not a bond ever, it's a joint, or a splice. A nut and a bolt that hold 2 sections of bus bar together in a meter bank are not "bonding nuts and bolts". If you want to get really stupid and technical. The only wire in your house, or in any building that is called a ground wire, is the wire going to your ground rods or other electrode. Every single other "ground wire" in your circuits are actually "bonding conductors". When they get to your panel, again, they are BONDED TO GROUND by their common connection to the ground wire going to your electrode. You attaching 2 pieces of neutral bus bar has absolutely nothing to do with connecting them to the actual ground wire, so it has absolutely nothing to do with bonding.
Oh my god you're impossible. The term bonding is used for SPECIFICALLY the connection of your neutral and ground together. You could have 300+ bolted joints throughout a building. Only the one that connects your neutrals and grounds together at your first disconnect is called a bond. None of the other ones are, how does this not make sense to you? Every bolted joint is not a bond. Bond is not a term used to define the "bonding together" of 2 pieces of bus bar. Your thumb is a finger, but not all of your fingers are thumbs. A bond is a joint/connection, but not ever joint/connection is a bond.
It would be much easier to just buy an [in-wall remote controller](https://www.hunterfan.com/ceiling-fan-controls?includeUnavailable) that works with your remote and put it in the wall. The in-wall remote works the same way as the reciever in the ceiling, just wire it with constant 120v power, and it wirelessly tells the receiver what to do, just like your remote control does, but it gets its power from the wall, instead of a 9v battery. Just find the one on the site that matches the remote you have. Then you have fan and light control on the wall, plus you have the remote to keep at your bed. Basically just giving you wireless 3-way control. You would likely need the 99111, but I'd check with Hunter support before you buy it, to make sure it works with your 99122.
Gotcha, then yes, your first question about asking if you can just run a 3-wire cable up their is correct. That will work fine. Just double check how the wiring is currently done, and if you've got an older home wired with switch loops, where they wire power through the light boxes, then drop 14/2 down to your switches just for hot/switch leg. If your power is up in the ceiling, not at the switch, you will need 4-conductor wire so you have hot/neutral/and 2 switch legs.
PSU outside the case does nothing if whatever its powering that is inside the case is still shorting to ground. I'd be looking at the connections on the back for USB ports, monitor ports, etc. And potentially the wiring for the power/reset buttons. Other possibility is that you current leaking on to your ground wire from something else in your house. Maybe you have piggybacked grounds in your house, so you're getting neutral current on your ground, which isn't actually a ground. Are you in the US? Standard 3-prong outlets in your room? Age of your house?
Shouldnt matter. I put a Lutron 9 speed controller on my 1980s fan 3 years ago and it's still running.
Okay, just that you've got American style plugs on the left of your picture. So I'm assuming Japan? The outlets and cord end in your picture are 3-prong, so you're plugging in a 3-prong power bar to your 2-prong wall outlet? [These adapters](https://i.stack.imgur.com/XNbfX.jpg) are pretty common in Japan, there is a chance that there is a ground wire at your outlet, despite their only being 2-prong outlets installed.
Okay, that eliminates my thought of any current leaking from elsewhere to your ground wire. If you are pretty confident with your computer connections, then the only real place where something can be going wrong is your power bar. Have you tried plugging your computer in with another one? Or directly to the wall outlet?
Okay, the adapter could be your problem then. Do you have another? And no, the adapters don't help anything. They're dangerous, because they allow you plug in equipment that should have a ground, to outlets that dont have one, and make potential shock hazards like exactly what you are experiencing. You have currently leaking to ground somewhere, and because you dont have a ground wire, you get shocked. The problem only happens when you are barefoot because your shoes are insulating you enough, when you are barefoot, you are becoming an alternate path for the leaking current. Somewhere, a live piece of equipment is touching ground. If it's not the adapter, and it's not the power supply because you've tried out 3 of them with the same issue, and I'm assuming your old computer you had being powered by the old 450w PSU didnt have this problem. And the only thing you have in your case is your motherboard, then the problem is your motherboard. Unfortunately you dont have a crappy other power bar or extension cord that youd be willing to wreck. Because one other test you could do is to cut the ground pin off of either your power bar, or power cable for the computer. If the issue goes away, then you know the problem is the 2-prong to 3-prong adapter. If the problem stays, you know the issue is your motherboard.
It cant be the wiring in your house. That's been eliminated. You have 2-prong outlets, unless the 3-prong adapter you have somehow has the fake ground prong and either the hot or neutral connected inside of it. This problem is device specific. It's impossible for your wiring to be leaking current to ground when there is not a ground connection. You dont have a potential place for current to leak to your ground connection until the adapter. You dont have a real ground connection, that ground prong on your adapter goes to nothing. So if you have current leaking to your computer case, which you do, it goes no where, but when you touch it, it goes through you. Technically your computer case has no current on it UNTIL you touch it, because it doesn't have a path to go. All your case has is voltage, which has the potential to carry current. The problem is either your 3-prong adapter, or your motherboard. It's not your power bar because you say when you plug in to the adapter directly without it, it still happens. And it's not your PSU because you've tried 3 of them and they all do the same thing. There are no other options. &gt;What are risks involved if I use my PC at my house? Um, being electrocuted sounds pretty high risk.
Look on the website for the panels, there is literally a section specifically for [Canadian Load Centers](https://i.stack.imgur.com/XNbfX.jpg). Its code to have the cover up here, of course they're going to make the ones for up here with it.
Dude, if you're getting a trench dug for conduit, run a separate one to feed the garage, and a separate one for generator back. Trying to squeeze both through a single conduit for the sake of saving yourself &lt;$50 in conduit is ridiculous. And then have them put in a 3rd for low voltage wiring, and maybe even a 4th for 3-way switching between the house and garage. Go overboard while the hole is there.
Maybe? That doesn't change anything with the wiring though.
My only criticism would be to not splice different colored pigtails to extend your wires. You've got a 12/3 feed going to that 2-pole 20A breaker top right, but both are black because you used black pigtails on both the red and black. You did the same thing to the 2-pole 20A on the top left. Then 4 breaker spots down you have a single-pole 15A, but it has a red wire, because you used a red pigtail on the black wire from the old NM. Then your 2-pole 30A below that is both red because you extended both the red and black with red pigtails. Just makes it look sloppy, even though there isnt technically anything wrong about it.
Electrician here. What makes no sense about this is that, for a 150a service, you still need to install a 200a meter base, not a lot of companies make 150a ones, they either make a 100a, or a 200a. And a panel with a 150a main breaker, costs more money than a panel with a 200a main breaker because of supply/demand. Very few people are installing 150a panels, so they cost more. Also, the bus bars and everything in your panel are likely rated for 225a, despite the 150a main breaker. Again, companies dont want to make a million different products. Panel bus bars are normally rated at 125a (for panels with 100a or 125a main breakers), or 225a (for 150a, 200a, and 225a main breakers). I'd honestly wager a safe bet that the cable feeding your meter is rated for 200a, and it's just the cable from your meter to your panel that is rated for 150a. Good chance that wire is also rated for 200a honestly, because we would just use the scrap extra that we cut off from the meter feed to use as the wire between the meter and panel. I'd say with 75% certainty that you could upgrade to 200a by simply buy the same brand panel with a 200a main breaker, and swapping it with the 150a you have. Often buying a panel with a 200a main breaker is cheaper than buying a standalone main breaker.
[These are the 2 screws](http://imgur.com/a/WUqoJCr) that OP was missing from his panel. These are NOT bonding screws, only the green screw on the right is called a bonding screw.
Or you could just use your key.
I pay &lt;6cents per kWh, but my bill nearly triples with all of the extra distribution fees and crap. Lots of places where the power is so expensive, their additional charges are minimal to none, because its built in to the price of their per/kWh rate. You also likely dont use any natural gas for heating.
What in the sweet mother of God happened that resulted in this?
The outlet you already have a 6-20R, which accepts both 6-20p plugs and 6-15p plugs. Just re-use it. If the current install is done properly, it should be done with 12gauge wire.
It honestly looks like the ends on your bar rough, and are rubbing against your skin. Basically causing a sore spot.
&gt;Think of every 3/4" branch conduit out there that has 6 or 9 wires in it. The only other legal ways to do it would be to put one set of conductors in each of several conduits Pulling multiple sets of DIFFERENT power through a single conduit, is not remotely the same thing as pulling parallel sets of the SAME power through a single conduit. And that doesnt even get to the point where doing this would he mean youd have to derate the 3/0 down to 70% because now you have more than 6 current carrying conductors.
Unlike the US, countries like Norway dont do everything entirely based on a "return on investment" calculation. Their people need better roads, so they get better roads, because that's what a government is supposed to do.
The sled didnt even work. They scrapped it, now you just go in to a tunnel, car goes on auto pilot, and drives itself way faster than what you would be comfortable doing in a confined space. Something that literally doesnt require a tunnel to do. Hes just made an autopilot express tunnel. I'm a huge Tesla, SpaceX, Elon fan. But the Boring Company has been a gigantic failure and a huge waste of time.
Norway has a $1T sovereign wealth fund, $47B is a drop in the bucket.
Why does Yoshi come with both the main set, and one of the expansions? Seems like they should have done Toad or someone else.
It's literally impossible for this to be a factory mistake.
Their oil fund made almost $90B in first quarter of 2019 alone, at is nearly double the cost of this project. They're almost at the point of having too much money to be able to spend. This is what happens when smart people run your country, not a cheeto.
How do you get a withdrawal rate of only $20B? 5% of $1T is $50B, more than the cost of this project, in a SINGLE YEAR. This is a multi-decade project. &gt;which they'll have to replace without oil revenues They literally make MORE money every year from their investments with their oil fund, than they do from actual oil now. In the first quarter of 2019, the fun brought in $84B in revenue, int the ENTIRE year of 2018, they only withdrew $29.5B from it. If they're on track for similar quarters for the entire year, they'll make $336B, and only spend $30B of it...
Them cookie cutter houses are what kept us employed when all the oil guys lost their jobs though! We've barely seen a slow down from our builders who do smaller starter homes, and monster houses on acreages haven't slowed down at all. It's those middle ground $600-750k houses that aren't being done anymore.
Woildnt garages be under 210.8(B), not A? A is for dwelling units, B is for not dwelling units.
I dont think this has anything to do with "not liking" the topic, it's just something that literally doesnt matter. Do you know how many giant construction garbage bins are filled to the max to build a single house? And your concern is the 200 or so zip tie ends that might get cut off as being "wasteful". Vinyl siding comes in 12ft lengths, if a house in 22ft long, it will get a single piece, and then a 10ft piece to cover the wall, that remaining 2ft piece goes in that garbage. That 2ft piece is the equivalent of every single zip tie end from a dozen houses combined. The issue that you are choosing, is a non-issue in the grand scheme of things.
Is the outlet you want to tap off of on a 20a circuit? Do you have at least 2 other 20a circuits serving the kitchen counter outlets? Code requires at least 2x 20a 120v circuits feeding the kitchen counters for small plug-in appliances. Your kitchen island outlet is included in those circuits. In the US the fridge is often fed off of these circuits as well. If you're 100% sure that the outlet you want to tap off of is a dedicated circuit, AND a 20a circuit, then I don't really see what the problem with tapping off of it would be. Although I wouldnt say it was code compliant either.
They're not silly if it makes it easier, we aren't discussing necessity. Why NOT put them in if it's easier? It doesnt matter if you can get them in without.
I'd argue that the motion switch you linked is far more ugly that the dot on the wall they have. If they mounted it down low, you would barely even notice it, and it would just get hit by your foot when you take your first step. With a PI you can get far more advanced controlling, to turn stuff on or off. - if you hit the sensor at the bottom of the stairs and the stair lights are OFF, then turn stair lights ON. - if you hit the sensor at the top of the stairs and the stair lights are ON, then then the stair lights OFF. Stuff like that is impossible to do with just the in-wall sensor you linked. With a PI you can do control like what I said above, and have true automated lights that turn on and off only when you need them. Every sensor like the one you linked also turns on by the slightest movement, you could walk down the hall with no intent of going up or down the stairs and have the stair lights turn on. You can buy all kinds of 3rd party sensors that have extremely directional beams, that are impossible to accidentally trip.
https://www.homedepot.com/p/Ideal-Spacers-25-Pack-172451L/202937111
At bare minimum I'd use a small butt splice and heat shrink.
Pretty sure that I've made comments on this sub 20+ times about how absolutely ridiculous it is that in the southern states, there are places that install their entire electrical service on the outside of buildings. And I'm always told, "I've never once heard of a place being tampered with or anything", and now multiple comments here about this happening. Stop putting your shit accessible to the public. You're going to start seeing guys coming to your home when they know you arent home, shutting off your main, opening your panel, and cutting out all of your 2ft feeds to your breakers.
Supposedly. There was a brand new 5-plex that burnt down in my town last year. Built by a builder that I know is extremely picky about everything, they've got qc inspectors and safety people driving around every day between sites, and the inspectors in my town are crazy picky. This thing was completely up in flames in 10 minutes, and burned so hot that windows shattered on the houses on the other side of the street, and the siding melted off of every surrounding house, including ones behind the houses across the street that werent even in line of site. I refuse to believe that any amount of red goop slowed it down in any way, especially with the excessive use of laminated beams, osb, and everything nowadays that burns SO quickly, and so hot. I even joked with our fire inspector who I know and told him "they must not have used enough fire caulking on that house".
Sure, for a dividing wall between units, or a unit and a hall maybe. If it's just a wall between 2 rooms, that's not needed.
&gt;Apparently it’s the same power wise as a M18 but obviously much smaller. I agree with waiting for the M12 Surge, but it being the same power as the M18 is literally impossible.
Yeah, that's not how it works buddy.
Yeah, they lasted for like 10 minutes. Maybe if there was no fire caulking it would have been like 9 minites 50 seconds!
Yeah, $80,000 in lower wages split between 1.25M guests. Where can I send your nickle?
Yeah, it's called if you're an international, trillion dollar company, then you dont get a tax break. There need to be significantly better ways to differentiate different types of business.
You use a smart device and a relay to break the circuit feeding the air conditioner, no other way currently on the market.
In the 2017 edition of the NEC®, Section 210.12 requires that for dwelling units, all 120-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere branch circuits supplying outlets or devices installed in dwelling unit kitchens, family rooms, dining rooms, living rooms, parlors, libraries, dens, bedrooms, sunrooms, recreation rooms, closets, hallways, laundry areas, or similar rooms or areas shall be protected by AFCIs. Not only does an outlet for a dishwasher need to be AFCId, but they changed the code to "OUTLETS OR DEVICES", so that every outlet, switch, and even a hard wired dishwasher now requires AFCI. Not solely outlets.
&gt;All THHN these days is also THWN rated. Ftfy
&gt;And also fuck arc faults. You get to charge for them, so I'm not sure what the issue is.
Did you get the home inspected at all? Literally not allowed to buy a home when I am without it getting inspected.
You cannot put an extension cord through conduit, no.
Its really not as horrible as everyone says. I've got a really nice burr grinder, buy good beans, and french press my coffee at home on the weekends. But be damned if I'm not at Timmy's at 730am during the week picking up my XL double double.
Because their beans are burnt to a crisp, and the coffee has been sitting there for who knows how long because no one buys their drip coffee.
Something you can pair your phone to is super handy. I love being able to just look at my watch and see who is phoning, and see whether or not I need to take off my gloves and take the call or not. I'm on the verge of getting a douchey little bluetooth as well. So I can keep working while on a call.
What's the problem?
Um, you dont... you either end up with a loose connector, or misaligned screws. The coupling and connectors are threaded how they are, its just pure chance whether they line up or not. I've seen guys use lockouts as spacers to line them up, but I dont like doing that.
I'm more annoyed at the fact he actually has dedicated ground bus bars attached to the panel tub, and STILL put some ground wires on the neutral bar.
Why did you put ground wires on the neutral bar on the right hand side, when you have an actual ground wire attached directly to the tub?
Right? I have had this conversation with about a dozen different plumbers. My lights HAS to go in the middle so that its centered over the sink, your damn vent pipe does not.
Cordless vacuum, they're not terribly loud. That guy can go fuck himself if he wants work done during the day, but no noise.
Completely agree. The majority of Europe put in RCD devices that protect the entire panel, or a large portion of their circuits at least.
It's not a problem with our Federal breakers up here. The Federal panel and breaker designed was bought and used by Schneider up here in Canada, and sold as Federal Pioneer, not Federal Pacific. They made the breakers and panels themselves, just paid to use the Federal design. I installed Federal panels up here in Canada when I started back in 2008, I think the last one I installed on a new house was in 2010. I've installed multiple Federal sub panels since then on homes where their main panel was already a Federal and we wanted to match brands. Same thing goes with Homeline panels up here in Canada. Technically a SquareD panel, but sold by Schneider up here.
&gt;Asking the dumb question Ftfy
The wires are coming up from the bottom, all through a single large EMT. They are going beyond conduit fill and derating rules, but there is one exception, that you dont derate on short stubs of pipe that are 24" or less. This way you bring multiple small conduits to a gutter box above or below the panel, then do short runs of larger pipe from the gutter to the panel Right below this panel, just out out of the picture will be a gutter/trough box. All of their ground wires would be terminated in there, and the large stub of EMT from the panel to the gutter acts as the ground.
&gt;26-654 b) - Except as permitted by c) and d), at least two branch circuits shall be provided for receptacles (5-15R split or 5-20R) installed for kitchen counters of dwelling units in accordance with rule 26-724 d) iii), iv), and v). &gt;26-724 d) iii) a sufficient number of receptacles (5-15R split or 5-20R) along the wall at counter work surfaces (excluding sinks, built-in equipment, and isolated work surfaces less than 300mm long at the wall line) so that no point along the wall line is more than 900mm from a receptacle measured horizontally along the wall line. So you need at least 2 circuits of 20A or 15A split circuits per 26-654. You've got that. BUT, per 26-724, every 900mm of wall space needs to be accessible by a 20A or 15A split receptacle. If your 15A outlets are EXTRA outlets, like a 2-gang with a 20A and a 15A, then you'd be fine. But if your 15A non-split outlets are the only accessible outlet for some of your counter space, you are definitely violating code. All of your counter space needs access to a 20A, or 15A split. No offense, but pulling your 3rd circuit as a 15A instead of a 20A is a pretty piss poor cheap way to try and save yourself $5 in wire. A 15A and 20A breaker cost the same amount of money, or are a matter of pennies different, so literally your only cost savings would be the difference in cost between 14/2 and 12/2. Your username is speaking pretty true with this. 26-654 used to be included in rule 26-712 of the 2015 code book, but the wording of the rule has not changed at all. If I find my 2012 code book, I'm fairly certain it is identical to the 2015 code. No wording has changed, this is not a "new requirement".
I loved all of the gag radio ads asking for people to donate their used winter coats for the people of Vancouver, haha
Fridge, stove, heating, and water heater, all run off of propane. The AC actually uses power. A trailer or small 5th wheel only use a 30a 120v hookup, huge 5th wheels and motor homes use a 50a 240v outlet. If you charge 60kWh over night, you're using the same amount of power as 2 or 3 nights with a trailer
It doesnt stay in the embroidery hoop... they'll take it out, and put it in a frame or something, and center it then.
If it's a single 3-gang box, I dont see why you wouldn't be able to. Looks like they only left that piece in tact because it's the joint of the panelling. You'll most likely also need to replace either the other switch or the outlet, or easier to just replace both. I'm about 99.9% sure they don't make a toggle/decora/standard combo 3-gang plate.
The metal is supposed to act as a bit of a heat sink, normal for it to be warm, especially if you're close to max load of the dimmer.
You should bring the romex to the plug box, and splice it in the box.
&gt;1. Its 1100w iirc, and it shares with the rest of the kitchen, excluding the fridge. No other major appliances are in use when its tripping. Code requires AT LEAST 2X 20A circuits in a kitchen feeding your counter top receptacles. Shit like this is why you DIY'ing is a mistake.
If it was wired in series, the light wouldnt work unless something was plugged in.
And your military training helps with electrical, how?
If you've got 4 outlets, all half switched, I'm assuming that means there is 14/3 or 12/3 running between all of them, which means that your reds and blacks are spliced together in each box with a pigtail to the outlet. You likely had a splice come apart in one of the boxes when you were working on everything and didnt notice.
2018 is newest
We dont have a 2020 version, next will be 2021.
We don't have a 2010 version. 2009, 2012, 2015, 2018, 2021. I'll let you do the math
No, the wall outlets are rated for the maximum load they can handle. A 15A wall outlet can handle 15A continuously. Splitting it to 8A on one and 7A on another doesnt do anything.
The breaker under the meter has a second set of lugs? Because that's where you need to hook up out of, the breaker, not the load side of the meter.
Why wouldn't it be? The 2nd wheel is completely redundant. The reason there are 2 is exactly because of this. If you only had 1 and this happened, you'd be fucked.
Because door buttons arent just for people in wheelchairs you idiot. Also, doors going into stairwells are heavy because they are fire rated, so that door is hard to push open. Someone who can walk up the stairs might not have the physical ability to push the door open easily, you know, like elderly people or kids.
ADD the white wire from the switch to the 2 that were spliced together. You took the splice apart when you added the smart switch, so now there is no continuous neutral up to the light. The whites spliced together as a group are the neutral, it isnt 2 neutrals for you to pick from.
And? It's the universal symbol for handicapped, doesnt mean the person is in a wheelchair. Anyone over the age of 5 knows that.
People measure "success" differently. Unless I win the lottery, I'm never going to own a Lamborghini, and I'm perfectly fine with. I've got a small house, with a big yard, and I'm not constantly checking my bank account. Paychecks go in, bills come out, and I transfer some to savings every month. I consider the fact that I'm not living paycheck to paycheck, and being stressed about money all the time, successful. That guy driving down the road in a Porsche could be a miserable asshole, who hates to going home to his family, and cheats on his wife any chance he gets. But you would consider him more successful because he has a more expensive car? When I get a new SO, their salary will essentially be $60k+ of spending money. I consider that pretty successful. While you seem to measure success by how much money your car costs.
Yup. If a bulb has a listed lifespan of 1000 hours, only 50% of them lasted past 500 hours, which is only half the listed lifespan. This is what happens when the companies that manufacture the bulbs get to come up with the rules and regulations for said bulbs.
The fact that you cant fathom somewhere doing something other than exactly what you do, is ridiculous. These are conduits, which will then get concrete poured over top.
Someone fucked up while making the white wire, before it gets put in the MC, and tried to hide it.
Definitely need to talk to your AHJ and inspectors. How you're describing it shown on the plan would require a splitter after the first 600A fused disconnect. Then individual 200A fused disconnects right after the splitter, before each meter. You cant run more than a few feet after a splitter before an overcurrent device, without having to greatly oversize your wire. Without disconnects after the splitter, you would essentially need to run 600A wire to each 200A meter. Sounds like a dumb engineers first foray into anything besides a single home.
No, all of the red ones side by side by side are all small conduits too. Are you really this fucking stupid? I weep for anyone who is stuck on a job with you, who has to explain the simplest thing in so much damn detail, that they might as well just do it themselves.
If I was, I'd get a handicapped placard in my car with a wheelchair symbol on it, even though I wouldn't be in a wheelchair.
Extra conduit for what? This is for a large solar installation. There is no adding to this. The system is designed and built a specific size, and it's done. There is no adding to it. If there is any expanding, they make an entire other building like this, for an entire new array of solar panels. If you have a project that is 50+ strings of solar panels, you don't just randomly add 1 more 5 years later. You make an ENTIRE OTHER array of 50+ strings. This is the equivalent of you asking if they make room to randomly add on to a nuclear plant. They dont, the plant gets built and it's done. If they need more, they build and ENTIRE OTHER plant.
If your log builder knows what he's doing, it's easy. I do 2 or 3 a year, takes no more time than a stick frame house.
I'm not sure about in the books, but in the show she says that she's mad that she lost her ability to choose, not that she's necessarily mad that she can't. Geralt said she'd be a terrible mother, and she agrees with him, but that she wants to he able to choose for herself.
Beggars cant be choosers.
You got light boxes installed, but not lights? What? Why? How are you lighting your rooms?
Just buy a new cable. An aux cable is 3 pins, maybe 4. Positive left, positive right, common negative, and possibly a mic, but unlikely. It only uses 3 of the 8 pins, and they're only the audio ones. Your sound is going OUT of your phone, you're more likely screwing up your car's speakers than you are your phone. The car isnt sending any voltage or anything back to the phone. The crackles are from the connection on either end and continually making and then breaking connection over and over again. Buy a new cable.
The meter is the property of the power company, do not touch it.
You're not allowed to phase tape green wire ever.
Pretty much every single company is changing every one of their LED product they make to color selectable drivers. Pot lights, t-bar panels, wafers, everything. It's easier for them to make 1 product and let you pick the color, than it is for them to make 5 different light colors and try to manufacture based on demand.
People need to stop making this dumb comment. All single conductors are double listed as THWN and THHN, you find me some that isnt, and I'll pay you $100. Yes, you're right about it needing to be THWN, but it's a pointless comment to make.
Do you have an Active HDMI cable that needs to be plugged in a specific direction, and didnt notice?
It doesn't matter what amperage the circuit is. The adapter can plug in to either a 5-20R or a 5-15R, there is zero way for the car to tell the difference, so regardless of whether it's a 20A circuit or a 15A circuit, it only charges at 12A 120V. Same thing with plugging into a 14-50R. Electrical code allows for a 14-50R to be installed on a 40A breaker, there is no way for the car to know that it is only a 40A breaker, so the car only charges at 32A 240V, when it could theoretically charge at 40A 240V if it is a 50A circuit.
Thanks for just further pointlessly reiterating the point of the post.
The TITLE of his post says "120V charging rate" in it, and your first question is asking what his voltage is. The amperage of the charge rate couldn't have randomly doubled because his breaker would have tripped if it did. And 120v charge rate is limited to 12A without the HPWC.
Pressure treated hasn't been toxic since the 80s. It's fine to use for garden beds, around plants for eating. If your house is burning down, you've got bigger problems then "I wish there wasnt that pressure treated wood burning" to worry about.
Yeah, 2 types of chemicals for residential use, neither of which have any health concerns. The old CCA does. If you're a woodworker, im assuming you're wearing a mask anyways.
This is all my parents say too, SNC Lavalin. The conservatives used them for decades without question, suddenly it becomes an issue when the Liberals are in power. Like what?
You should be banned
$30 for two DLCs that essentially double the game size... and the 200 more pokemon are free.
You'd rather the government waste millions upon millions in legal fees, and then come out even when the the trial is done? The conservatives wouldn't have done anything, wouldn't have passed any sort of law, and just kept using them while they were cutting corners.
Doesn't matter how low profile it is, or what color they are, those metal L-brackets always look like shit. They are revered for storage rooms and garages, and no where else.
Okay, and what about the side that is the lowest, that has a floor above it, with no basement? There is always going to be 1 floor that doesnt have a basement under it.
6 year old on to plywood, but okay.
Just because it's not approved in US, doesnt mean it isnt in the UK.
It's 20A at 5V, which is 100W. 100W at 230V is only 0.434A. It isn't 20A at 230V.
The rest of the power probably went to the mormon church.
I've honestly never come up with a better way to do it, and I've done an entire hotel renovation with extension ring stacks like this because of it, and them obviously not wanting 2 access panels in every single room on either side of the bed. But down a hallway or something in a commercial space, get out. Access panels get put everywhere for plumbing clean-outs and all sorts of stuff. I would tell the GC that if they dont want an access panel, then they can find a better way to do their renovation that doesnt involve shrinking the room by 8". They get to do some half ass job with their mechanical that results in the wall needing to be built out 8", and I've got to be a miracle worker and have the electrical done with zero damage or access panels?
Take 2 seconds, check their post history, other posts are all from UK subreddits. US or Canada, same fucking difference dude. We use essentially the exact same materials as the US, and the wire in the photo is very obviously not a standard US/Canada NM cable or anything that we use.
How do you bring the pipe to the box in the wall? The box in the wall has a pipe coming down into the top of it, there is no way to 90 into it or anyrhing. You need to be able to pull the wire in or out of the pipe after the fact.
Romex is american terminology, in Canada we call it Loomex. We'd also call it NMD, not just NM. AND, if you dont specify country, you'll be assumed American. Is one of the sub rules.
Lube on the wire doesnt stop the rope from rubbing against the 90.
Of course it does. But when you lube wire, you arent lubing up the potentially 200+ft of rope that is BEFORE the wire when you're pulling. There is 200ft of unlubed rope pulling on that 90 BEFORE the lubed wire gets to it. Quite possibly the dumbest analogy I've heard.
Smart switches are EXACTLY what I was talking about with touch dimmers, and needing to change every switch out. You cannot get a stand alone 4-way slider dimmer to replace just 1 switch, and have the other 2 remain just switches, like you can with a 3-way slider dimmer.
Read my first reply again. I LITERALLY said that you cant do a 4-way dimmer unless you change out all 3 switches to touch dimmers and potentially have to change some splices. Dumbass.
I don't "write" journeyman on all of my posts, its flair on the subreddit so it always gets added beside my username. You should get "illiterate" added beside yours. OP wants to put a dimmer at ONLY this location. That is something that they CANNOT do. That is not arguing.
OP made the first reply to this post IMMEDIATELY AFTER they posted the picture. This was that reply: &gt;Sorry if this is the wrong community, just trying to see if ‘simple’ is a possibility here. Its a total of 3 switches and two lights. I’d like a dimmer on one of the 3 switches and I want to do it myself if possible. I'd like a dimmer on ONE OF the switches. Not all of them, ONE OF THEM.
Yeah, it gets annoying talking to fucking idiots who cant read. And then are ignorant enough to not think they're wrong.
And you kill e-coli and salmonella when you bake the flour. This is literally the equivalent of telling someone to make sure they cook their meat to avoid food poisoning. Like thanks, I wasnt planning on eating my steak raw. OP is baking the cookies, there is no more potential for food poisoning than with any other cookie cutter. They're baking the cookie regardless of whether they used a metal or plastic cookie cutter.
I never said I don't wipe my counters with something like a Clorox wipe, i said i dont use some commercial grade disinfectant like you seem to think i should. Your wood cutting boards are porous, plastic cutting boards are porous, granite counter tops are porous. Unless your kitchen is 100% stainless steel, you're shit out of luck. Plastic spoons, plastic spatulas, all porous. A fucking cookie cutter is the absolute least of my worries. And actually no, I don't lock my front doors most days, because I live in canada where my neighbors arent trying to rob me.
Alberta Standata allows bundling for feeds going to a panel to avoid panels looking like shit like this.
Our code reads that it needs to be protected from damage "with physical protection, or by other means". Inspectors here consider a mechanical room where that no one ever goes in to be "other means". You cant damage the wire if its somewhere that no one ever goes. This panel is the corner of a basement, in a room that has the electrical panel, furnace, and hot water tank in it, and nothing else.
Double up your wires under staples, so you only take up half the room. It's also not difficult to straighten out your cables better than that. I'd be embarrassed walking away from a panel looking like that, sorry.
Small bundle, taped, with a PVC strap
Then there is a problem with your treadmill motor
If there is an outlet directly beside your panel, with just a short stub of wire or pipe from it to the panel, the chances of it being an a circuit with any other outlets are unbelievably small.
My friends and I made a Tesla coil for physics class in high school that could cut a banana, by using old microwave transformers. Got 100% from a very hesitant teacher.
All THHN is dual listed as THWN. You will never find something that is just THHN.
&gt;I have so many questions. You said the cable is terminated behind a blank wall plate... but then went on to talk about terminating the cable... I believe that the first time he says "terminate behind a blank wall plate", he just means that the cable ends there, and has no ends on it. He then asked about crimping it, not terminating. So he is using different terms for different things.
All of that Commercial Electeic stuff is absolute junk. Essentially every screwdriver you bought can be replaced with a single Klein 11-in-1. For whatever reason you bought 2 pairs of linesman, 2 pairs of side cutters, 2 pairs of strippers, 2 pairs of needle nose pliers. Why? A Klein 11-in-1, maybe a stubby multi, and a single pair of linesman, cutters, and strippers, and a tape measure, and you can essentially do 90% of your work. You spent $190, and you're not going to use 2/3 of what is pictured.
That CFL bulb is going to end up in the garbage regardless. Why is it any worse if you throw away 20 now, or 20 over the next 2 years? And it's not as though the manufacturer in China is going to be like "oh shit, this one guy in Florida didnt buy 20 bulbs this year, hault the production line". They're making 2M bulbs regardless, they arent only going to make 1,999,980 just because you didnt buy your 20. The garbage has already been made.
Multi-family resi allows NM in locations where commercial doesnt. Such as NM being allowed above T-bar in resi, but not in a commercial install. Youd still use EMT for 400A+ panel feeders though.
But you don't do your bonding at a meter... you do your bonding at the first point of disconnect. Which is either a main breaker, or a fused disconnect, or something of the shorts.
So by your logic, because there are more people on the planet, means that there are approximately the same number of people with pensions as before. So this means that the number of people with pensions hasn't gone down, but the number of people WITHOUT a pension has gone up. How is that any better in your opinion? There are more people in the world, so there should proportionately be that many more people with a pension.
Where do you get your 1 3/4" conduit from? There is absolutely zero way you would ever fit that many 12/2 in anything smaller than 2", if not 2.5". You can put as much wire you can possibly fit in a pipe, as long as that pipe is less than 24" long, for the sole purpose of keeping stuff neat coming into a panel.
Both hots and neutrals are going through the pipe, no induction. That is why codes exist for requiring every conductor of a circuit/group to go through the same conduit or connector. If all of those cables are a hot/neutral or a hot/hot of a 240v circuit, no problem.
- Stabs wire in with butter knife "Hey, why isn't my internet jack working?"
Mods need to delete the posts, and give the reason "read the damn sidebar". If they're worried about "seeming mean or unwelcoming to new guys", honestly if someone takes so much offense to their post being deleted for not following the rules that they dont want to be an electrician anymore, they're going to have a hell of a fun time in the trade if their JW ever gets slightly annoyed with them. I'd take a mod spot just for the sake of deleting the bullshit.
There is no such thing as "full load" for an air conditioner, especially a small one like this. It's either on, or it's off. Changing the temperature only changes how frequent it turns on and off to maintain the room temperature, it doesn't work harder or less hard based on the temp you set it too. It's a motor for a fan, and a motor for a compressor. They are on, or off. There is potentially a setting for the fan speed to blow the air in to the room, but the compressor is on or off. Heating elements are no different. They are on or off, there is no "mid". Setting the temp lower just means that the element turns on less frequently, and for a short period, to maintain the set temperature.
For some heaters that might be true. Most of them with a low/mid/high switch, the switch is only changing the temp setting and duty cycle of the element. Not many have the switch add/remove more elements. And regardless of how a heater works, your air conditioner is on or off. There is now "low" for the compressor motor, its running or it isnt. How often and for how long it runs changes the temperature in the room. Stove elements, space heaters, baseboard heaters, all only have single elements. The only thing I've ever encountered with multiple elements are 120A electric furnaces, that have 3x heating elements that each get fed by a 40A breaker. How many elements turn on is based on the outdoor temperature, because the cold outside air is used by an intake. I've installed massive 30A 208V 3-phase heaters, yes they have 3 elements, for each phase, but they all turn on at the same time. There is nothing about the heater that can only turn 1 one.
The fan doesnt run when the element is off though! There are not any form of electronic components in a generic space heater that keep the fan running for any amount of time longer than the element. There is a cheap temperature sensor, an element, and a fan. When the temp goes down, the fan and element turn on. When the temp is reached, they turn off. There arent heat anticipators, or timers, or anything like that in it, because it makes the heater too expensive. And the fan is such a negligible use of power compared to the element or compressor anyways. You would have a 2400W heating element, with a fan that uses like 40W. If OP had only bought a fan for their room, they wouldn't measure the fan with a kilowatt meter for power usage, because it will barely be noticeable on their bill. We're talking LESS THAN A PENNY to run the fan for an hour. If the fan in the heater was 50W, and your power cost 10cents/kwh, and the fan ran for an extra 30 seconds after the element turned off. The heater would need to cycle on and off 240 times for you to run the fan for 2 hours longer than the element, that 2 hours of extra run time would cost you ONE CENT. How many days do you think it would take for their space heater to cycle on and off 240 times? It doesn't fucking matter what the fan wattage is.
Pretty much every manufacturer allows grounds to be doubled up, but only certain sizes. You can have 2x #14 or 2x #12 grounds under a single lug. You cannot mix them though, so you cant do a single #14 and a single #12 under a lug. You cannot double up anything larger though, anything #10 or larger needs a dedicated lug. I've seen people on this sub say that some brands do allow doubled up neutrals, but I'm not aware of any that do. Is the problem in your panel the doubling up in general? Or the size of the wires doubled up?
Did you just discover this sub recently, and decided to come give nothing but terrible advice? If they have hard wired interconnected smoke detectors, they arent allowed to replace them with battery ones that dont interconnect.
Need your picture. You cannot make a picture and text post. I'm assuming you tried to upload to pic, then changed to text, which removes the picture. You can do one or the other, not both. Upload the picture to imgur and add a link to your post.
It literally tells you right on the tester what is wrong... what do you need a manual for?
CODE WISE it's no different that removing AFCIs you thick idiot.
Your idiocy is scary, and is going to get someone killed.
&gt;Iv sed &gt;saying iv given advice take is dangerous &gt;only reason I'm still reply &gt;coz your so bothered the &gt;their was nothing wrong whit it only thing what's was wrong &gt;he didn't ask for the regs only to disconnecting the cables safely properly Can you learn some fucking english please? The install is very obviously American/Canadian based on his picture. If you aren't an American/Canadian electrician, don't give advice.
Right? This was exactly my though too. Why would they need Smith other than to just try and get some extra money from the franchise while doing less work by putting Hugo Weaving's name on it again. Come up with a new original plot for #4 that isnt just "Surprise, Smith actually survived!"
If you don't want the car charger to have power from the generator, then you won't be able to have power from the generator to anything in the garage at all. You're allowed to feed the garage from the house with ONE circuit. You already have that with your 15A circuit. If you want the car charger in your garage then you need to add a sub panel feed, that sub panel feed counts as your single circuit to the garage, and you need to eliminate your current 15A circuit. Then from the sub panel feed your car charger circuit, and separate lighting and outlet circuits. If you dont want the car charger to use the generator, you'll have to do the extremely difficult task of unplugging the car if your power goes out. Or be okay with have zero power in the garage at all, and somehow feed the garage before the ATS.
The heater of the dishwasher often uses 1800w, but that is only for an hour while the dishwasher is drying. That is a built in timer in the dishwasher, so it doesnt count as a continuous load. I've done some extremely high end homes, and have yet to see a dishwasher that actually needs a 20A circuit for 2400w heating element. 1800w dishwashers only require a 15A circuit, 2400w dishwashers require a 20A circuit. And dont try to say that a 2400w dishwasher would need a 30A circuit, because that would mean it would need a 30A 120V camper trailer outlet, which you would absolutely never install inside a house. The dishwasher would also need to come with a 5-30P cord on it, which it wouldn't, it would just come with a 5-20P. You are not allowed to install a 5-20P on a 30A circuit, so it obviously only gets a 20A circuit. And OP has a countertop microwave. The entire point of a countertop microwave is that it can essentially be plugged in anywhere. It absolutely does not need a dedicated circuit. Microwave/OTR hood fan combos, or microwaves that are built in to cabinets, absolutely should get a dedicated circuit, and probably a 20A one nowadays. But a countertop microwave, absolutely not.
Its actually very common in some parts of the US to use nothing but #12 for general circuits, to minimize on home runs. Lots of panels get posted here where entire houses have all of 4 circuits in them outside of dedicated large appliance circuits.
You cant run the dishwasher circuit under the floor? Based on your location I'm assuming you have a crawl space under your house. You can literally drill the new dishwasher circuit up through the floor directly under the dishwasher to hard wire it.
Do you really not understand when someone makes fun of President Cheetoh?
Fucking snake oil dude. There are thousands of wireless signals flying through your house. Radio waves, satellite signals, every cell phone call in your neighborhood somewhat comes through your house, all of your neighbors wifi, and you think your router is causing you to sleep poorly. If you're honestly are dumb enough to think that your wifi is causing your bad sleep, go build a cabin in the middle of the damn woods with no power of any kind, because your power wires running through your walls are creating more EMF than your router ever could with 2000 devices connected to it. Stay out there alone and don't reproduce, so you don't pass on your dumb genes, the world will be a smarter place without them.
In the window frame, as in IN the window frame? I do pot lights above kitchen sinks all the time if there is a window behind the sink and no cabinets above the window. I've done little "mini goose neck" fixtures above some kitchen windows once where they had 3 small windows side by side instead of just 1 large one behind the cooktop that looked nice.
Sure, but I didnt want to make the assumption that they have that option.
240v line to line. People need to stop calling it 220v just because their grandpa did, especially actual electricians.
From the photo that OP posted, the dishwasher was obviously added after the fact and just tapped into the existing counter plug circuit. I never said that how it is done currently is correct. The dishwasher would count as one of the "large appliances" I mentioned. All I said was that houses being completely wired with #12 in parts of the US isn't uncommon. 90% of the photos of residential American panels that get posted to this sub have nothing but 20A breakers for their 120V circuits, excluding maybe 1 or 2 for the fridge or something else like that. OP saying that they haven't found anything but #12 isn't strange.
$3 head lamp from the hardware store, seriously
Yup, I purposefully say 120v and 240v, and correct every builder or person at work who calls in 110 or 220.
It's not unnatural though. You get THOUSANDS of times the EMF on a daily basis from THE SUN, than you do from an electrical wiring or signals.
I've done plenty of reading. Do you think that you're the first person to come to this sub asking about EMF sensitivity? Questions like yours get posted here at least 2x a month. I even DO WORK for a guy in my city who is an "EMF Specialist" who convinces chumps like you of stuff like this. I install remote cut off switches for circuits so people dont have live wires in their bedroom walls while they're sleeping. Add in hard wired internet lines in homes where they've been mostly dependant on wifi. Disable the built in wifi on their modem and install PoE wireless access points around their houses so that they can turn their wifi on/off with the remote cut off switches mentioned above when they want, and keep it off at night. Have put in "grounding shields" around large runs of wire, where it's essentially just a metal mesh that wraps around your home runs and has a ground lug to terminate at the panel to give you a sort of faraday cage around the wires to stop the EMF from coming up through the floor. All of it is BULLSHIT, but the guy gives us 2-3 jobs a month, and we charge him $150/hr, and he provides all of the weird equipment. We do the work, and make fun of the customers on the way home. Oh yeah, and all of the customers are SUPER AFFLUENT WHITE PEOPLE. I have never done any of these jobs at someone's house who wasn't white, and wasn't rich. The least valuable house I've ever been in to do his work was at least $1.5M, if not more. Dumb rich white people, who think they've found some other new secret thing that will make them healthier.
Why would your refrigerator be fine, but the washing machine not? A refrigerator is just a compressor, which is a motor. No different than how a washing machine is pumps (motors), and an even larger motor to spin it.
&gt;The difference between being grounded during day vs night is you're sleeping during one lol Lol? The only "lol" about that is how you are so stupid that you think it matters whether you are sleeping or not. What difference could it possibly make? You're not grounded during the day and you feel fine, but you need to be grounded during the night? What kind of fucking logic is that?
&gt;It's when we're meant to have to EMF radiation interrupting cell production. It's when our melatonin is produced to keep us asleep but artificial EMF radiation mimicking sun waves impedes. And you say you're not looking for a tin foil hat to wear?
You're just going to ignore the white wire that is capped off in the back of the box? There are 3 reds coming down the pipe, a power in, and 2 switch legs back up, and a white for potential future use. What's the problem?
When are snap switches used for 120V or higher building wiring?
There are 3 open breaker spaces, 2 on the bottom right, and 1 on the bottom left. The second wire in the bottom left breaker goes to the doorbell transformer. While potentially not allowed, it is kind of the one place where a double tap is often accepted by inspectors. It's also already survived 25 years double tapped lile that, what could you possibly think is going to happen to it now? The "long run" you mention is the last 25 years... And I'm sorry but where are his grounds and neutrals connected? There are 2 separate isolated bus bars on each side. The ground one on the right has the large screw at the top to attach it to the tub of the panel.
You can't 100% tell that on the left hand side because the lug is in the way, but it does look that way, yes. But at the same time, that was acceptable 25 years ago, and no one has died from it since then, so telling them that it needs to be removed is incorrect, because it doesn't.
Boss laughs on his way to the bank with the check. And as much as I'm sure you wont believe me, I haven't downvoted a single one or your comments. But it's nice to see that you care enough about your fake internet points to care about it.
If only there could have some remote form of coordination with the concrete guys so that the conduit could come up in the pile.
There is no spare, he needs 4 wire. The main service is at the 200a, they need hot/hot/neutral/ground out to any subs.
Any time someone asks a question like this, I get worried. Like, how are you doing a mutli-thousand dollar job like this and not know whether you need 4-wire or 3-wire. Fucking right-to-work states.
This is being way overblown by the media, just like the whole Tide Pod eating challenge thing was. There were less than 150 reported cases of kids intentionally eating Tide Pods, and all of like a dozen videos of kids doing it, but the media made it out to seem like every 2nd child in America was going home and snacking on Tide Pods. While there are something like 6000 yearly cases of kids under the age of 6 getting into a cupboard and unintentionally poisoning themselves with a dishwasher pod. Weird that every single media source is using the same 2 or 3 photos/videos of kids doing the penny thing, right? Because there are only those handful of cases of it actually happening. Every house in America doesn't suddenly have burnt outlets from pennies.
If the 0 reference it created was universal, then there would no risk for step potential ever, because the entire planet has 0 potential. But that is obviously not true. That 0V potential is an "imaginary" thing that we created BY putting in a ground rod. Just pounding in a ground rod without bonding it to neutral serves zero purpose. People with ungrounded outlets can't just drill a hole out the side of there house and pound a ground rod into the dirt outside and attach a ground wire to it and have a grounded outlet. The fact that your ground wire is bonded to neutral is what gives it its functionality. If you did it how you described, with a ground rod, not bonded to neutral, and no ground between the main and sub panel, GFCIs would still trip because they are so sensitive, yes. But if any other non-GFCI circuit hot wire touched the "grounded but not actually grounded" box, the breaker wouldn't trip. All you would have done is put voltage on all of the "grounded but not actually grounded" metal in your building. If I take a piece of romex and strip the black wire and bury it in the dirt, and put the other end on a breaker and turn it on, the breaker isn't going to trip. Also this: &gt;Can the ground not be bonded to a rod at the subpanel, with triplex coming from the main? That was one of your comments from last night, asking about bonding a second time at the sub panel.
I just put in 80 monster old school troffers in a job just last year doing a business renovation/expansion. And then they asked us to install 4000k LED tubes instead of just fluorescent ones... after we had already installed the 2700k fluorescent ones to match all of the existing because that is all they wanted at the beginning of the job. ~25% of the existing fixtures were still old magnetic ballasts, so we had to replace with electronic to get the new LED tubes. Another ~25% of the existing electronic ballasts were dead and also had to be replaced. So we ended up replacing close to 40 of them. We mathed it out after the job, and if they had just gotten us to rip the old troffers down and replace with LED panels, and installed LED panels in the new area, we approximated that it would have cost them $5k less, purely based on how many extra man hours it took to do it how it ended up happening.
That would have been even more work us because we would have had to rewire all of the old ones with new tombstones. Ballast bypass tubes require either rewiring the tombstones, or replacing the tombstones if they are shunted tombstones, which T8 ones almost always are.
If I'm ever doing big rooms of lights with luminary cable, I've started to just install 6x6 boxes on the ceiling in the middle of a square of 4 lights and doing individual whips down to each fixture. I realize that not every job or company will approve doing something like that though.
What is the point of pulling #12 if you are just going to decrease in size? Use #12, on a 20A circuit, and you fit 33% more lights per circuit, means 33% fewer breakers.
And I price a job based on putting in #12, like the plans say.
You still need to bond any large sections of copper water lines, regardless of them being used as your grounding electrode. The homes I do the water line comes into the building as plastic, and the plumbers use PEX. But if there is a boiler system for in floor heat or anything like that, they do that all in copper, and you're required to bond it.
277 and 480 are the same thing dude. 277 is line to neutral, 480 is line to line
Perfectly normal for a monster motor like that.
So why are you saying it needs to be galvanized then?
Depending on area, galvanized isnt allowed, because some states treat their natural gas differently. Lots of places on the east coast dont allow it, but you go out to the coast of california and it is is all that used because of the proximity to the ocean. But east coast, they paint black iron because of proximity to the ocean, because they cant use galv.
Something that controls both the hardwired light AND a wireless half switched smart plug? Sorry dude, that isnt going to happen, or at least not easily. Youd need a smart switch, a smart plug, AND a smart lighting reciever to put in the light. A hub for the smart devices, and potentially some knowledge with Home Assistant to get it all working together. You willing to spend $500+ to get this setup working?
Congrats. But I highly doubt you're the only person to have both
I call it "the we that doesnt include me"
If you re-read my original reply, there is likely a way that you can get it to work, but it would potentially be costly.
You can buy them in the US, they're called Polaris connectors. Can be pricey though. We keep them on hand for the occasional large splice like a hot tub.
And until I get a set of plans that DONT have mistakes like these, I'm going to assume that all engineers do. 12 years and counting.
Um, everywhere...
You can have wine though, just pay for it yourself.
What do you expect? An electrician to be called because some dumb fuck pulled it off the wall?
Not the drywallers fault that you cant push your damn wires into the box. Soft fingers?
Dryers and stoves tend to be the only thing that need the neutral, because stuff like the controls and internal light bulb are just 120v. Most wall ovens I've done also have a neutral, but I've done a couple that just get 2x hots. 240v furnaces, air conditioners, etc, will pretty much always just be 2x hots.
If you passed Grade 9, you're good.
It was a pretty dumb question, because it is pretty damn obvious that is the problem. So yes, someone being a smart ass is necessary when you're being a dumb ass. Someone has got to balance things out.
Here, let's use some theoretical numbers. Let's say that the lowest tax bracket cutoff is $20k, and you pay 20% in taxes on that $20k. You get a raise and you are now making $21k, which bumps you in to the next tax bracket, which is 25%. You ONLY pay 25% on that extra $1k, you do not pay 25% on the full $22k. If you did pay 25% on the full $21k, then you would only make $15,750 after taxes. When you made just $20k, you'd have made $16k after taxes. But that is NOT how it works. You pay 20% on the first $20k, then 25% on the extra $1k, to total $16,750 after taxes. It has nothing to do with tax returns, the only reason you get a tax return is if your employer automatically withheld a little more than what is needed per paycheck, because it's pretty difficult for them to ever get it exactly right. Then at the end of the year you get the extra back.
That person was expecting a refund at the end of the year, and didn't get one because their employer was actually withholding a proper amount from their paycheck instead of too much. So instead of treating treating their withheld money and tax return as a "bonus" $2000 or whatever at the end of the year. Just take an extra $80 a paycheck and put it in a savings account. It's literally no different, except that you need to be an adult and set the money aside yourself.
Bushings are only required on #4 or larger. Based on the significantly smaller ground, I'm assuming it is just a #10 solid, so it can't be used for circuits larger than 60A, so the hots are no larger than #6, probably just #8.
Yeah, can essentially guarantee you that those conduits go up to a trough, where they are fed from a bunch of smaller ones with proper fill. How essentially every single commercial panel is ever done.
Their phase coloring is black/red/blue, not red/black/blue, so they're clearly american. There is no point in spouting off codes from different countries. I'm sure this woulsnt pass code in Norway either, but that doesnt matter. We dont need comments of "that wouldn't be allowed when I'm from" in every thread. They're obviously not where you're from.
That's what the point of the trough box above the panel is for. Its pointless to leave slack, it just makes it messy.
What you're talking about is just a 4x4, not a 4 11/16.
Yes, the doorbell PULLS power. If it says it needs a 20va transformer, put one in. Installing a lower one means that the transformer will pulling full power 24/7, and essentially cooking itself. That's why you had to replace it so soon.
Yeah, it's called steak.
Hard to believe that men and women have different dietary requirements, right?
Thought my sarcasm was going to be pretty obvious, even without the /s
LED
Anything with timers, delays, or a screen will all contain electronics that shouldnt get wet. Tell your boyfriend that Clorox wipes are a thing.
That's a pretty safe assumption as that is the only place where a back yard is called a garden.
My neighbors have a little mini BnB like this (not a tree house though) in their back yard. It's obviously all hooked in to their home services though, so they didnt have to overcome that challenge, but they didn't run any gas out to it, so the heat for the winter is a little wood stove. They have people booked in almost year round. We live about an hour from the Canadian rockies, so in the winter they're booked with people in town skiing, or just wanting to see the Canadian rockies during winter. And summer it seems like there are new people there every day, lots of people just driving through, and their cute little BnB is cheaper than most hotels here. It's a really cool thing to have. I'm not sure what their expected RoI is.
1960s isn't really new information.
What is the wire for?
&gt;The legal system went after him because he allowed one of his passengers to be in his vehicle without a seat belt. But if I get pulled over and a passenger isn't wearing a seat belt, the passenger gets the ticket, not the driver. I personally won't even start driving until everyone in my vehicle has put their seat belt on.
If your tubes burn out, but the ballast is fine, and you want to make the change to LED, you'll spend more money installing bypass tubes because you need to rewire the fixture. I've changed out an entire store to tubes that work with ballasts, because there were 70x fixtures, with 4 tubes each. Only 3 ballasts were burnt out. So my choice was to either replace 3 ballasts, and then swap 280 tubes, or rewire 70 fixtures, and then swap 280 tubes. Guess which option is cheaper?
Not enough to even warrant it as an argument. This is like someone telling you to unplug your phone charger brick when you aren't using it because it wastes power.
Why do you even want to switch the hot? You plug your devices into the UPS, when the power goes out, the UPS automatically switches from being powered from the grid, to being powered from the batteries. What does your switch accomplish?
I'd love to see you post a video of you taking the ballast cover off, cutting all of the connections out of the ballast, undoing the power connection to the ballast, stripping all of the little wires going to the tombstones, and doing up the splices and closing the cover in 30 seconds.
I've done the same thing at a gun range before. 128x new ballasts and new T8 tubes. 5 years later we were removing all of the ballasts and doing LEDs. Too many ricochets that would take out a ballast, or a tube. By removing the ballast it's easier for them becsuse they just need a box of tubes on hand to replace them when they need. With the ballast in they always called us to replace, but would wait until they had enough hit before calling.
Bow building, Peace Bridge, Telus Sky, Studio Bell, the new Public Library, Ricky Ridge YMCA and at least 20 other amazing looking buildings in Calgary would like to have a word with you. You want to go see what the "skyline" in Edmonton looks like?
It doesn't matter if the other person knows you are married, if you're married you dont cheat!
Are you planning to remove the switched outlet from the switch when you add in the LEDs? You really shouldn't ever dim an outlet, it is actually against code up here in Canada.
Imagine if the US channeled its resources to be productive instead of militarizing their police forces to defend systematic racism.
Imagine being so naive that you think they aren't comparable.
I love that when someone proved you wrong, you just decide its irrelevant 😂
As opposed to you?
The US doesn't even have a population larger than the number of Chinese brought out of poverty in the last 50 years.
But then you couldn't start illegal wars for oil...
Lol if you you 99.99% of cops are good people doing good work. The news this past week has shown that is far from the truth.
Its very easy to be less oil dependant, other countries are doing it, instead of killing a bunch of Arab civilians to get more of it.
But your "aw that'd suck" is what you commented on, not the "strong care" about other things. Clearly the "aw that'd suck" is your top concern.
Right? Seems like he deleted his entire profile now, lol.
The clear wiring diagram on the front of it is too difficult for your big bachelors degree brain?
The worst thing that will happen is the breaker will trip.
Are you talking about the outer outer jacket that contains the 8 wires? Most companies sell at least 1 kind of stripper that can do up to #6 wire, it's almost the perfect size for stripping the jacket off of smaller low voltage multi-conductor cables, I also use them to strip the jacket off of any Cat5e and Cat6 I do. Anything larger like 8 conductor, I just score with a utility knife and bend/twist it off the rest of the way.
A 7000BTU air condition will use close to 1800watts when it turns on, and down to 600watts once running. 15A at 120V is 1800W, so essentially if you have anything else on that circuit turned on, the breaker will trip every time the AC cycles on.
The lamp has a built in dimmer on the controller. You cannot dim the light with anything else, you cannot dim another dimmer. You have to use the dimmer puck thing that it comes with. You can use a smart plug to turn it on/off, but it needs to be a smart plug with no dimming functionality, then use the built in dimmer to dim it. Also, you spend $6500 on a fucking floor lamp?
It doesn't matter if its removable. The dimmer is AFTER the driver, ie you are dimming the low voltage power coming OUT of the driver. You cannot dim the light with a dimmer BEFORE the driver when the driver is not designed that way. The fixture isn't even 0-10V dimming, the fixture is 48V DC, likely with a DC PWM in-line dimmer. You will never be able to the dim the light with anything other than the provided dimmer.
This is exactly the type of response I would expect from a man child who: A: apparently has a sneaker collection in his 30s, but doesn't have enough money for actual nice sneakers. B: thinks using skateboards for decoration isn't childish. This would be a cool project to do for your kid, but this is cheap and trashy for anyone over the age of 16.
Umm, I never said it wasnt. But using skateboards to decorate your apartment is childish.
So if I, a 31 year old, who does own my own house, decided to decroate it entirely with weeaboo decore. You wouldn't think that was childish or weird?
Do you really think this hasn't been posted here before? Its a piece of junk, and you have to use their proprietary tape, because the thing doesn't fit any standard size rolls of tape.
You have a Siemens QT panel, and someone put in a Murray MP-T breaker.
I dont care what anyone says, the additional cost of a battery mower is worth not dealing with the stupid cord of a plug in electric.
How did you come up with this load of completely incorrect crap?
That 1-2 seconds of startup won't even make a noticeable difference. This is like people saying to leave fluorescent lights on because it's cheaper. The 1 second the fridge uses 3x more power doesnt make a difference on how many HOURS; which has 3600 seconds in it; it wil run. Oh no, it will only run for 9 hours, 55 minutes, and 40 seconds instead of 10 hours, big deal.
OP said that they dont want to keep their truck running all night in their main post.
What he linked can also just be charged by plugging into a wall outlet. Making it no different than a UPS. From the sounds of it, he is already planning to charge it with using his trucks inverter during the day, or else he wouldn't have brought up not wanting to run his truck all night to power the inverter. So youre literally recommending that he do exactly what he is planning to do. But you want him to buy a UPS instead of this battery?
I'm glad that you think racism is okay, as long as you don't get sick.
Buy and install a Connect Bridge if they don't have one. It will give them full functionality through their phone and Google/Alexa, whichever they have. I'm not sure about ibtegrating it to work with stuff like Smart Things, that is something I was going to be testing out in my own house once I got around to it.
Did you really need to make this post 4 fucking times?
Unfortunately RadioRA is a "contractor" system, and you need to take a course to get access to program, and you cannot add a bridge to your system without the program. So you would need to find another local company that does RadioRA to come and extract the program from the repeaters, then add in the bridge. Or take the training courses yourself so you have access to the program.
This is the most bullshit answer that is always given. The EU is essentially ahead of the US in every single environmental policy that would have anything to do with PVC being "toxic". Bit suddenly the US "cares" about PVC in buildings? Get out of here with that shit. The last thing you need to be concerned about when your house or any building is on fire, is whether or not there is PVC instead of EMT in the building. Also, aboit 95% of everything in your house will give off toxic fumes when it's burnt. We still use EMT because the manufacturers have the factories to make it already, and the manufacturers are part of the group that make the code book in the US. Crazy that breaker manufacturers suddenly decided that the US and Canada need AFCIs out of no where, despite the entire rest of the developed world not having them, right? The companies that make AFCIs decided to make it code to require AFCIs. Companies that make EMT make the rules that we need to use EMT. Thats all there is to it. Lobbying and corruption.
Can you get commercial grade tamper resist though?
Good luck fitting #10 in an existing conduit that likely wasn't sized to fit anything extra in it
A friend of mine did the "proposal in front of all our friends" thing, and I knew it would end well because his now wife is the mosr traditional marriage, wants 75 kids and to be a stay at home mom person you will ever meet. But damm, what if she had said "no"?
If it's even that. Most hot water taps are around 120°F or 50°C. It's pretty crazy how sensitive we are to heat differences, when you think that the "standard" body temperature is 98.6°, and a hot tub is usually between 100-102°, and an extremely hot hot tub is 104°. 140° would be unbearably hot to the touch. 1st degree burns occur at 110°.
Because Bluehole literally doesn't care. How many times does this need to be asked?
I'm sure that the original wiring is in conduit, but the building was likely done 50+ years ago, and has been updated a dozen times.
Pretty sure that the lower piece is all factory bent stuff couplinged together.
Why Fs? Brown is kind of an oddball color. I maybe install like 10 brown devices a year, usually outlets in a kitchen island or some shelving to match the stain. You're probably the only person who goes to that supplier who will ask for a brown fan speed control in the entirety of 2020. Let alone a speed control/dimmer combo
Condos are normally fed with 3-phase 208V, and then each unit is only fed with 2 hot wires, giving you single-phase 208V, so its definitely not uncommon.
You've clearly not done a lot of electrical if you think that a single gang box is specifically for an outlet or switch, and nothing else. A "junction box" can be literally any kind of box that has just a JUNCTION in it. A single gang box, a 2-gang box, an octagon box, a 6x6 box, can all be junction boxes. Its the usage of it that determines whether it is a junction box or not. I've installed dozens of lights that install on a single gang box, not an octagon, because the backplate is extremely skinny and won't cover an octagon box.
Nothing lutron makes requires an account or monthly fees.
You also need to remember that way more people will give negative reviews than positive. Very few people come back and give a positive review when something works fine, because its supposed to work. But if something doesn't work, they're throwing down negative reviews like crazy.
They're also way more difficult to get wires around the corner, especially if the conduit is remotely full. I'm the complete opposite, LBs all day, unless I absolutely have to use pull 90s.
Doesn't OSHA require concrete saws with built in dust collection systems now? Like the saw needs to have a built in attachment point for a shop vac? Or is it just recommended?
Why would you keep wire near ducks?
Yeah, unless your ducts are getting hot enough to boil water on, you're fine.
From what has been discussed here in the past, all counter space must be served by at least the 2x 20A circuits. You are allowed to have EXTRA outlets that are not on the 20A circuits, but no counter space is allowed to be served by ONLY outlets that are not on those 20A circuits. So by code, their island needs at least 1x 20A outlet, and that outlet needs to be at least part of the 2x 20A small appliance circuits required by code, or it can be on an extra 20A small appliance circuit. If they want a SECOND island plug, it could be on a 15A circuit, because the code requirement for the 20A outlet has already been met. But they can't have the island fed by only 15A circuits.
ALL OF THE COUNTER SPACE must have access to outlets that are on the 2x 20A circuits. Let's say that you theoretically have a 12ft section of counter space. Code for counters is that every 3ft of counter top must be able to reach an outlet that is on the 2x 20A small appliance circuits. So you need a 20A outlet every 6ft. So for a 12ft section of counter you need a 20A outlet 3ft from one end, and 3ft from the other end, that leaves 6ft between the outlets. The ENTIRE counter can reach one of the 2x 20A outlets. You cannot take the 2x 20A outlets and stuff them on one side, and have the rest of the counter fed from 15A outlets, because ALL OF THE COUNTER must be able to reach 20A outlets, not just some of it. So you can add a 15A outlet in a 2-gang right beside a 20A outlet, but you cannot have any section of counter space that is only fed by 15A circuits. An island is no different, it HAS to be serviced by an outlet from one of the 20A small appliance circuits AT BARE MINIMUM. If you want more outlets on the island, they can be from 15A circuits.
Use a punch to start, and there is no shame in using a bit guide to keep your drill square.
GW: "50% of our sales come from Space Marines" Also GW: "Makes nothing but Space Marines"
I wasn't part of the conversation, just a member of the Facebook group.
Because everything needs to be about them.
From his other comments on the group, he's just a knuckle dragging racist super-conservative. Posts that aren't even political become political by him. Someone gets cut off in traffic? It was obviously ignorant fucking liberal. Literally the type of comments he makes.
Buy a reamer bit for your drill, 10x better.
Good for your jurisdiction. That doesn't change the fact that every zip tie you buy at a supply house is going to be listed, because they know what youre using them for.
Did you properly read instructions before installing the speed controllers? Lots of brands require the speed to be manually set to the highest speed before installing the speed controller. It could be that your high speed is what is supposed to be low, and then medium and low, are actually lower and even lower.
Lutron Casetta has smart switches that don't require a neutral, but they are not z-wave.
I dont believe that you can find a USB-C that can't do at least the 12V 1.5A charging. The 20V PD charging only comes on laptop chargers that use USB-C for charging.
Every single new house on the planet is professionally cleaned by a cleaner hired by the builder before posession. They're usually the last people in the house before posession, often only 1 or 2 days before.
How do you think a coped inside corner is going to get damaged when the drawer is pushed in 99% of the time?
Its a smart bulb, the driver and controls for it are in the bulb. Why do you think it weighs like 20x as much as an incandescent?
I have Hue bulbs in my house, you're being purposefully ignorant if you think they aren't noticeably heavier.
Does the fan have chains or something on it to manually change fan speed?
Dude, no kind of door lock is keeping someone out of your house anyways. Door locked? Hmm, guess I'll just break your window. A thumb scanner or smart lock for your door is for convenience, not security.
Anywhere like that has card readers for employees, and there is still a human aspect to it by being able to check who opened the door by seeing what card was used to open it when. And any doors that require some form of security to get in, will have at least 1 camera looking at them. Also, I'd be pretty aware of someone you know, photocopying my finger...
Dude, YOUR post says that your red wire is B
&gt;(though i'm not sold on the idea that there's much difference between a 5e jack and a 6 jack) Yeah, I too refuse to believe that stuff lile this really matters much, if at all. Its not as though the connections inside your router or switch are properly twisted inside the silicon green board inside the router. And you've got nearly a half inch of untwisted wire on each end of a patch cable for the male plug. Hell, I can even buy flat patch cable that are completely untwisted from end to end. But the 1/2" of "improperly" installed wire because you used a Cat5e jack instead of a Cat6 jack on Cat6 wire is going to slow down your speed? Yeah, that's a load of horse shit.
Yes, the electronics to give it its smart control in the bulb will use power 24/7, unless you flip the switch on the lamp off.
Saffron is always used as this example, but its not as though its very heavy. Comparing a pound of salt to a pound of saffron is like comparing a pound of iron to a pound of feathers.
The point is that comparing the price by weight is completely pointless when you use significantly less of one than the other. 1lb of saffron would have over 200,000 threads in it. That is enough to make 1 meal a day for 4 people for 45 years using 3 threads per person per day. No one is buying a 50 year supply of saffron for themselves.
You're way overthinking it. Your multipliers will be the same thing for everything on the planet. Why would you think they would change?
He made his post a text post, not an image or a link. Upload to imgur.com and then post the link in the text body.
Very likely just a loose connection in the outlet. Flip off the breaker, open up, and check if the wires going to it are wrapped around the screws on the sides, or just pushed in the back tension clips. The stab connections in the back regularly fail over time, very few of us on this sub recommend using them.
&gt;12/3 wire 12/2
The existing cord end on it doesnt have a neutral... so why would the outlet need one? 14-20R outlets do exist, but they are so unbelievably rare that most electricians don't even know that they are a thing. If its 15A or 20A 240V, there is a 99.999% chance it doesn't need a neutral.
Yes it's more expensive, IF you compare by the price by weight. I'm arguing that weight is a ridiculous thing to compare it by. If I bought $20 of saffron, and $20 of a splice blend for curry, or for roasting chicken, I guarantee you that I would run out of the other spice blend before I ran out of the saffron. So how exactly is it expensive? It's only expensive because you've purposefully chosen a ridiculous metric to compare it by that makes it seem expensive. What if I choose 2 other ridiculous things to compare by weight? A car, and a diamond. A $32,000 car would cost approximately $8/lb if it was an average sized 4000lb car. Average price of a 1carat round brilliant cut diamond is $8400, there are 2265 carats in a pound, so a pound of diamond would cost almost $20M. You would probably say that is a ridiculous comparison though, but it is as equally as ridiculous as comparing saffron to any other spice by weight. Of course diamonds are expensive by weight, but you're not going out and buying them in bulk. Just like how saffron is expensive by weight, but you aren't buying it or using it in bulk. You're using 1/4 of a teaspoon for an entire pot of food for 6 people. A diamond is expensive by weight/size, but I have a car that costs 5x as much, and a house that costs 20x as much. But the diamond ring is viewed as expensive because it is small, but you'll likely only ever buy 1 of them. But you'll spend 40x as much money as the ring on cars over your lifetime. I'll spend hundreds, if not thousands of dollars on other spices before I spend $50 on saffron. But you think saffron is the expensive thing?
&gt;Saffron costs way more than $20 for 2g in grocery stores. It's like $12 for a container with 8 threads Stop buying at that grocery store then? My grocery store sells a 1/2g tin for $10, which is still 200+ threads. So I'm not sure where the fuck you're going that you only get 8 threads for $12. The nice spice store where I buy it, I get a 1g tin for $11CAD, or a "better" kind for $16. I just buy the $11 tin because I can't tell the difference. 1g of saffron contains approximately 463 threads according to Google, so enough for me to make almost 40 meals for 4 people. So I'm paying $0.27 for saffron per meal I use it in, or just 7cent per person. That is NOT expensive, and that is the point I'm trying to make. Its only expensive BY WEIGHT, which DOESNT FUCKING MATTER when it is so light, and you use so little of it. If I make a huge pot of paella, I'll use $20 of chorizo, and $30 of shrimp, but youre going to bitch about the $1 of saffron being the expensive part?
If you're running power for pool equipment, you should be doing a dedicated run to the panel, not tapping into an existing circuit.
Your EV will pull 12A, the breaker out front is likely just 15A, and as soon as someone opens the gate, it will potentially trip. If both outlets are on the same circuit, it doesnt matter which you plug in to, the result will be the same. Also, that outlet will be tied into the buildings "house panel", which is what provides power to all of the lighting and outlets in the halls and stairwells. This is metered separately from your unit. You charging using the buildings money will likely be frowned upon. If you don't have a good way to charge, maybe you shouldn't have bought a plug-in hybrid?
&gt;would this do any damage to my car batter? Yes, this will almost certainly cause your car battery's lifespan to be significantly shortened. Like, you'll have to buy a new battery in 6 months instead of 6 years. Car batteries are not meant to be used how you are wanting to use it.
You can definitely get tranfer switches with a main breaker, but the main breaker is for the feeds coming from your meter, they arent for the generator feed. A main service ATS needs the breaker because it is now your first point of disconnect, and needs a main breaker. Your generator has breakers or fuses in it, that is what protects it from being overloaded, and is also what is considered the disconnect. Most common manual transfer switches do not have breakers, they are just a big selector switch with a middle 'Off' position.
Car batteries are designed for starting your car with high current cold cranking amps, they arent designed to be drained long term continually like a marine deep cycle battery.
You could upload a 3d blueprint to it and give yourself a 3d augmented reality overlay of a building under construction for where everything is supposed to go. There are some very practical applications.
Oh, you're just going to change your argument now. You said it wasn't practical, I gave what most people would consider a very practical use. Now you just say "but its too expensive". That wasn't a fucking argument dude. You said it couldn't be practical, what I said obviously is.
&gt;the dining plugs should be 12 wire and the lights should be 14 wire. Sure, if the house was built in 2015 or later, which it obviously isn't. &gt;How big is the upstairs? You can put up to 15 plugs on the same circuit. If it's one or two small bedrooms then that's why. Please quote a code that gives a limit of 15x outlets to a circuit.
Dude, the 2-pole 30A breaker has OBVIOUSLY been moved to make room for the tandems. There are 2x labels for "dryer" one on top of the other, that is the 2-pole 30A. Somebody very obviously moved the dryer breaker up and installed tandems below it. Stop trying to make this more difficult than it is in an attempt to make yourself sound smart.
Buy plug on neutral panels and breakers. The only time I have tails is if I'm working in an existing panel that doesn't have plug on capability
Larger ones are much rarer because it obviously takes longer to make it in the oyster, and they are often fished up before they have the chance to become so large. They're also cleaned and polished before being made into jewelry. Pearls actually are not rare to find at all. The difficult thing is finding enough that are extremely close in color and size to be used to make a piece of jewelry like a necklace, and also large enough to not look like a bunch of tiny dots on a string. Finding small pearls like this is extremely common.
&gt;manufacturers pay for lost labor every single day Yeah, the manufacturer. Not your supply house you buy from. If there is damaged Cat6 half way through the box, it's not the fault of the place I bought the wire, it's the fault of the place that made the wire.
It will work on American hot/hot/ground. The other wire being a "neutral" doesn't change how the electricity works, it's just that what we have referenced to ground changes. The US and Europe both use nearly identical single-phase 240v tranformers(or 230v, whatever). The transformer has 2 connections, 1 on each end, potential difference between the 2 is 240v. The only difference is that in Europe, they bond 1 of the 2 ends to ground, and it becomes your neutral. In the US, we add a 3rd connection point to the middle, and we bond that to ground, and it's our neutral. Remember that voltage is a DIFFERENCE in potential. There isnt "120v coming in on the wire", there is a DIFFERENCE of 120v between 1 end and the center neutral. And a DIFFERENCE of 240v between both ends, no different than there being a difference of 240v between both ends of a European transformer.
No, ground wires are only for safety. They have nothing to do with the function of anything electronic. Everything in your house will work without a ground wire, it just increases your chance of being shocked.
Thats because what you're doing with removing the meter and hooking your generator straight into it is extremely dangerous and illegal. Get a proper transfer switch, or generator inlet with a breaker transfer switch right in your panel.
I dont know a single guy from my high school class who didn't dream of banging the hot red head english teacher.
Its impossible for a power bar like this to give off dirty power. It's literally just a splitter with a switch on it, there are no electronics in it. It puts out the same power that goes into it. Website says it is rated at 1875W, which is a full 15A at 125V, so it could be used to power your entire setup. Id still opt for a much higher quality surge protected lower bar. I wouldn't be plugging in my gaming PC to a $60 ShittyCraft power bar from Crappy Tire, I'd be buying a $200+ bar from a decent company.
Right? Pretty easy for TD to see what account was being accessed. Hopefully these guys are caught quickly because of it.
That knew the PIN to and withdrew $1000? You can't withdraw that much with tap.
Without getting political, don't you think it's weird that shit like this only ever happens in the USA? I've worked in then worst parts of my city, and would never imagine ever potentially needing a gun.
It's always Florida because news companies have full access to police records in Florida. They can essentially walk into a police station and ask for a copy of any police case, and get it.
Maybe where you are, I bundle like this in all of my commercial panels in Calgary with no issue.
So murdering people is "american"? Gotcha.
In Canada we aren't allowed to use the top knockouts. The top section of our panels have a second cover inside that keeps the main lugs and breaker separate from the rest of the panel, nothing but your main feeds are allowed in it. This cover is in residential panels with main breakers only. Any commercial gear and/or sub panels do not have this cover.
Um, the picture you posted is the short...
It's a 5G radio wave death machine.
Its just a 120v panel. There is only a single hot bus from the looks of it. Most travel trailers are only 120V hookup. You often need to get a very large trailer or motor home with multiple AC units before you start seeing 240V.
I dont know why you're getting downvoted. I realize that not everyone would know what fiber looks like, but at least have the common sense to realize that this giant 1.5" thick cable with copper in it is not a fiber line.
Wire gauge isn't imperial though... the number size is the number of times it is pulled through a drawing die to get to your desired size. You start at 0, to get to 14awg, the wire is pulled through 14 increasingly smaller dies. The imperial system was defined in the UK in 1824. AWG wire sizes weren't created until 1857 by a Swedish company called Brown and Sharpe and was called the Brown and Sharpe Wire Guage. Just because it isn't metric doesn't mean it's imperial.
Kitchen counters are 36", most washers and dryers are closer to 42" tall.
Cause they'll be too high. It will be super awkward doing everything.
Hes being a stupid troll.
&gt;you try getting shot at for a crappy salary and dealing with people who just want to spit on you, and see how nice you are at the end of the day. Cops don't get shot at often though. 99% of cops never even pull their gun out of their holster for their entire career. Even fewer ever get shot at. They also chose that job, no one forced them to do it.
Yeah, but if reducing the price by 50% means that 3x as many people buy it, that's just more money for them. FSD costs the same amount for them to develop, regardless of how many people get it. They need to find that sweet spot of the price being low enough, that enough more people will buy it, that they make more money by selling it for less. But not so low that even if every owner buys it, that its not less $$$ than selling it to fewer people for more money. I'm buying a fully loaded tri-motor Cybertruck once it is available in Canada, and I'm not sure if I'd get FSD with how much it costs right now.
I think that the price will drop significantly once other auto makers start coming out with their self driving technology. Tesla honestly doesn't even have the best automatic lane detection etc out there. Most other brands all have semi-autonomous driving that have equal features to Teslas autopilot, most of which perform better and don't try to steer you into medians at freeway speed, like we see plenty of videos of on this sub.
I've been in a friends Mercedes with their semi-autonomous driving, and I found it much better than autopilot.
It's never 110/220 anymore. 110 and 220 are thrown around by old timers, and the people that they taught who refuse to say the proper thing. It was 110/220 like a hundred years ago, it is 120/240 now. I correct every single person who says 110 or 220.
I can buy a Toyota Rav4 with their semi-autonomous driving system for $25k... I can't buy the cheapest short-range Model3 without any options for that little. I'm a huge Tesla fan, but even I don't think that "but its electric" is worth it when I can essentially buy a ModelY with autopilot for $20,000 less from another company, with the only difference being gas/electric. And I probably won't have body panel gaps the size of the Panama canal from Toyota either. TESLA isn't even selling their full FSD feature set. $7000 isn't worth not having to touch the wheel to do a highway exit, and automatic parallel parking isn't anything fancy anymore. And most people on this sub even say that they essentially never use the summon feature, because its honestly inconvenient. The car drives SO SLOW while summoning, that by the time it gets to you, you could have just walked to it and back 2 times, and if you do wait for, then youre the asshole getting into their car at the grocery store doors with a line of people behind you. The only difference is that Tesla has their FSD option plastered all over the page when you buy the car, while other automakers will just announce it when its developed and available, instesd of asking for you to pre-order like a video game.
No, there is nothing wrong with it.
Yeah, but what if they drop the price to $4k and 3 times as many people buy it?
All of those cameras and everything are built into the price of the car to begin with. You're pretty naive if you think they're giving you $7000 of hardware in your car on the chance that you might pay for the software unlock. Someone who has bought the $35k minimum Model3 has paid for all of the cameras and everything in it.
That won't happen though. There is without a doubt a huge market of people who dont have FSD, because of the cost. Even just [here in this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/hdif9h/is_it_worth_payingup_for_fsd_when_commuting_or) that was made the last night. The top comment is someone recommending OP to not get FSD, and save their money. The top reply to that top comment is someone who wishes they hadn't spent $7k on FSD and could get a refund. 3 more comments down is someone saying "I dont regret not getting FSD" because they dont see how it would be better enough to justify the price tag. Read through all of the comments, there os not a single person who recommends getting FSD. Multiple just call it a novelty, lots call it too expensive, and that for making the occasional lane change manually, $7k isn't worth it. I doubt that even 10% of people have FSD because of the cost.
And thats exactly what the problem is. How many hours do you think it took OP to make these? £75 would probably result in them paying themselves £3 an hour, and then they have to pay for the material too. Hand made stuff is expensive. I have a friend who makes a living by making and selling really nice end grain cutting boards. $250 for a small 15"×11" board, $450 for a large 15"×22" board. And he is BUSY all the time, working 10+ hour days 6 days a week to keep up with orders. And you'll probably just say "but its just wood" when you read the price.
If the square tiles are 12x12, and the small tiles are 12x4, its not as though this is extremely lucky or skilled. The guy started at that corner, of course the other line is going to line up, because that's how geometry works. But good on him for being picky enough to start it at a place like this instesd of it just being kinda random.
Thats the thing though, he would have started as just a helper. For every 1 guy that ends up doing it for life, there are hundreds who try it and end up hating it. There are years where I went through a half dozen electrical apprentices, because after the first 2 weeks, they just stopped caring, and started to think it was repetitive. Welcome to every job dude, theyre all kinds repetitive.
Even if this guys used a hunk of pre-treated and already tempered steel, it would take more than an hour to just cut the blade shape, grind the shape, and grind down his cutting edge. £75 is a steal for the amount of work that went into these.
Dead tree falls over, put it in truck.
Yeah, im not wasting my time screwing 3 piece of velcro to a wooden stud and wrapping what is potentially 1 or 2 wires to a stud. And even with that, its still not replaceable after the fact if its behind drywall and insulation and making 360° of corners before reaching the termination, which was your original complaint. And very few customers are going to be okay with paying thousands of dollars of extra labor to install conduits to every data drop location in their house so that you can "future proof" the house. Cat5e can do 1gbps, there are maybe a few dozen locations in the world where you can even get 1gbps to your house, and there are even fewer household applications for it. I dont need to download a 4k movie in 8 seconds. Cat6 will future proof you for 50+ years, you will never see fiber in a house past the modem in your lifetime. If you want to "extra future proof", pull an extra 2 lines to every location just in case. As an electrician who also pulls the LV in 90% of the homes I do, there are about 10 other things I would do in a home to future proof before I would ever try to upsell a customer on more unnecessary data wiring or conduit.
Also, in the 2014 NEC: &gt;Chapter 8 Communications Systems &gt;Article 800 Communications Circuits &gt;I. General &gt;800.24 Mechanical Execution of Work.Communications circuits and equipment shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable will not be damaged by normal building use. Such cables shall be secured by hardware, including straps, staples, cable ties, hangers, or similar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall also conform to 300.4(D) and 300.11. &gt;Chapter 3 Wiring Methods and Materials &gt;Article 300 Wiring Methods &gt;I. General Requirements &gt;300.4 Protection Against Physical Damage. &gt;(D) Cables and Raceways Parallel to Framing Members and Furring Strips. In both exposed and concealed locations, where a cable- or raceway-type wiring method is installed parallel to framing members, such as joists, rafters, or studs, or is installed parallel to furring strips, the cable or raceway shall be installed and supported so that the nearest outside surface of the cable or raceway is not less than 32 mm (11⁄4 in.) from the nearest edge of the framing member or furring strips where nails or screws are likely to penetrate. Where this distance cannot be maintained, the cable or raceway shall be protected from penetration by nails or screws by a steel plate, sleeve, or equivalent at least 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick. Communication wiring follows the exact codes as any other wiring for support and running through studs.
Yeah, cause the shack made out of sheet metal in Africa can be considered a "newly built house". Found the idiot who takes everything literally and thinks he's cool for calling people out, when it just makes him a neckbeard.
Building more is part of what keeps prices down. The more vacancies there are, the lower prices are, because it forces companies to sell for as low as they can, because if they don't, people will just find someone cheaper. No different than rental vacancies, as much as people might think it's unsightly to have a bunch of empty rental space, whether its commercial or residential, if there is empty space, that means there is competition to have the lowest price.
All anyone ever points out is that if I buy a $360,000 house, by the time I'm done paying my mortgage, I've paid $540,000 for my house because of interest. But then I've got a house that I can sell for $400,000 or more. They'll pay $1500 in rent during that time, and come out with nothing. Even if I do sell it at a small loss, owning is still the better choice. Say my rent for 25 years is $1500, that means $450,000 over 25 years. If my mortgage is $1800, that is $540,000, a difference of $90,000. Even if i sell my $360,000 house for only $300,000, I'm still up $210,000 in the end.
I'm looking at 25 years, not 10 years. And I know mine will appreciate because of where I bought. I didnt buy in a deep south suburb of a suburb, I bought more Central in an established area, where eventually someone will come in and want to buy it for a big infill.
Right? This thread is just a list of delicious stuff that I don't eat often enough, and am now craving.
The $1800 is including property tax, insurance is $300 for home and 2 vehicles bundled together.
You can get 2-pole AFCIs, MWBCs still work, but only cheap companies use them anyways.
My best friend moved in with me when he moved back to my city when he was 30, and proceeded to warp 3 of my pans by running ice cold water over them immediately after taking them off the stove top to cool them down.
If you work for salary, not hourly, you're legally required to give notice.
Thats your biggest complaint? Are you an expert in bullet manufacturing in Russia in the 1990s? Because that's when the movie takes place, so its when the opening sequence can be assumed to happen.
I did the same thing, took like 3 reads before I got it right.
Dude, I can buy a loose packed cardboard box of ammo in 2020. To say with 100% certainty that a wood box of ammo like in the movie never happened is ridiculous. You're "dying on that hill" just as much as I am mine, don't pretend that you're better because you're on the other side of the argument.
I can buy straight from Remington, a box of 1000 rounds of 9mm.
Right? I'd be so damn confused, 12 years and I dont thinn I've seen water lines run above a door.
What? My aluminum extension ladders flex way more than my fiberglass ones.
You wouldn't, its just a manufacturing mistake. The part number is for a 2-pole 30A.
It's a 3030, that's the part number. A 230 breaker is a 2-pole 30A.
&gt;bending 1 pipe is impressive for a first year lols. Enter every single union apprentice who does nothing but bend pipe for the entire 4 years of their apprenticeship on a single job site like a hospital or skyscraper. And doesn't know how to wire a simple 3-way. &gt;I'm non union Point made. I'm non-union too, but thats the difference between them. When I was in my last intake of school there were still guys who had done nothing but bend pipe and help with wire pulls for their entire apprenticeship.
At least she got actual ice cream. I'm shocked recently at how difficult it is to find something that isn't labeled as "ice milk" or "frozen dairy product", because it doesn't have the content of cream required to be called ice cream.
I drew out so many plans of my basement to figure out how I wanted to lay it out when I'm done remodeling it. It will involve twice as much as it should, and I need to jackhammer up my floor to move plumbing groundworks and move my stairs, but the layout in the end will be so much better than anything I could do by leaving the bathroom plumbing roughin and stairs where they currently are.
As an electrician who has done a couple of nice custom homes for owners who decided to be their own GCs, I'll gladly do the double homicide for you. The only thing worse than homeowners who dont understand the order in which things need to occur, are owners who can't agree on anything, change a million things on the fly, and are mad about the additional bill for having to rewire half a room that was already wired.
Yup, thats really not good. By losing the neutral, all of your 120v stuff on one leg of power ends up in series with the other leg. So the power for your microwave instead of coming in on the hot, then out the neutral back to the street, comes in on the hot, back the panel on the neutral, but then instead of going out to the street, it goes in on the neutral of something else, and back out the other hot to the street. Everything tries to balance itself out as best it can, but because there is no longer a neutral, half of your stuff gets too much voltage, and half gets too little. Everything should be close yo 120v, but when your microwave is only getting 99v, other stuff is getting 140v, because its trying to add to 240v. You won't notice any difference with most of your electronics because they likely have power converters that are good for 100-240v. But appliances with 120v motors like your dishwasher, washing machine, and fridge, will definitely start getting fried if they get more or less than 120v for a prolonged period of time.
A lot of people buy the 10m strip to cut into smaller sections.
It gets overloaded. In a 120/240v circuit, if you have 2 balanced circuits of lights with a shared neutral, then technically none of the power will go back on the main neutral feeding the panel. Your power will come in on Leg A, go through the light, then go back on the neutral until the splice where the MWBC is, then it will go through the neutral to the lights that are on Leg B, through the lights, and back on the Leg B power wire to the panel and back to the street. If they're balanced, you technically don't need a neutral to make them work, attach Hot A to one set of lights, Hot B to the other, and connect the neutrals together. They act like a single 240v load, but they are actually 2x 120v loads in series, but because they are balanced, there is no problem. Because you're working with 3-phase it's a little different, but the theory is the same. The power that comes in on Leg A will go through the A Leg lights, out the neutral to the splice where the MWBC originates, and some of it will go through the neutral to the B Leg lights, and some will go the neutral of the C Leg lights. Then some comes in B, then goes out C and A, then some comes in C, and goes out A and B. If the 3 lighting circuits are perfectly balanced, none of the power will ever go back through the neutral to the panel, it never goes past that splice where the single neutral from the panel goes 3 ways to each A B and C leg lights. The neutral serves no purpose if all of the circuits are perfectly balanced. But as soon as 1 light burns out, you've got problems. If you have 2 circuits from the same leg sharing a neutral, instead of canceling out with the other legs how I explained, they add together. If you have A and C circuits each with 12A, then the neutral has 0A. But if you have A and A circuits with 12A accidentally sharing a neutral, then the neutral has 24A.
For lighting, it would just be a visible thing. The issue with tape and how the diodes are wired though, is that your diodes closer to the driver will be brighter than the ones further away. The lights won't be evenly dimmer on the entire section of tape. They'll trail off dimmer and dimmer further from the driver.
Depends, for all you know, the 5m warning isn't because of voltage drop, and is because of overloading the wires in the tape. Think of them like strings of Christmas lights. Every string you plug into another has its power coming through the first string. Manufacturers usually have a warning to not plug more than 3 strings end to end. If each string pulls 2A, and the wire is only sized for 6A, plugging in 5 strings means the first string is carrying the full 10A of all 5 strings. The second string is carrying 8A, the third is carryong 6A, the forth just 4A, and the fifth only the 2A that itself uses. You wont burn up the last strings, but you will the first ones. For all you know, the warning on the tape is for the same thing. If a 5m string uses 2A of power, and the conductors on the tape are only good for 2A, going longer could burn up the first few sections of the tape. Each cut line on a piece of LED tape is like a string of christmas lights. This is why you should just install it based on manufacturers instructions.
It's a fire risk if they are receiving more or less voltsge. If a motor gets too little voltage, they try to make up for it by pulling more amps to get up to their rated watts. If they get too much voltage, the magnetic field saturates and the motor tries again to pull more amps to try to stabilize.
Or the dryer came with the wrong cord installed? Even on commercial units for a laundromat, I've never seen a dryer that needed more than a 30A circuit. You'd need something industrial/hotel sized to need more.
My big issue with them is that because you can get all sorts of different tracks, and devices that fit them, you need to do a lot more work with them than what the installation videos show. The NEC requires at least 2x 20A circuits in your kitchen for small appliance outlets, and they're not allowed to have anything like lights on them. The Adorne tracks come with hookups for lights and outlets that feed into different tracks. A light switch clips in and takes power from the power track, and when you flip the switch, sends power to the switch leg track. Outlets just plug into the power track. This is against code because you can't have lights on your 20A kitchen outlet circuits. You'll end up having to install way more different small sections than what the instructional videos show, so that you have the circuits required by code in a kitchen.
You've got a loose connection that is being affected by plugging in the washer. Turn off the breaker, and open up the GFCI to see that all the connections are tight.
If you have a Nest WiFi that you want to use as your WiFi for your house, then you dont need to move your moden/router upstairs. Keep the modem in your basement where your internet comes into your house, out of your modem/router go to a network switch and the Nest WiFi. Plug the Nest WiFi into an ethernet jack that is somewhere in your house.
I'd just try opening the socket and seeing if there is a loose wire first. This exact situation youre talking about comes up on this sub pretty much every week.
Your coworker crosses his t's the wrong way, and it bothers me...
It's not just "under the siding", it's in the wall of the house. Not sure if that changes your mind about it, but your wording seems like you think its surface mounted to the outside of the wall with the siding just covering it.
Then go buy a new 30A cord and put it on.
They can, they just dont want to. Console is a tiny percentage of the player base, its not worth their time to spend thousands of dollars of man hours on code that they wont see back because not enough people could buy it to recoup the cost.
Its not an issue with the switches, he is installing them wrong.
Its impossible for you tell from this picture whether or not there is a ground on the outlet, or the cord going to the pump.
I can see the U/L listing sticker in your photo, which means it is approved for the US. It looks to just be a single bulb fixture, and I'm sure there was a sticker on it for a maximum wattage bulb at some point, probably just a 60w or 40w. Which is only 0.33A or 0.5A, you dont need a large wire to carry that much current.
Most of my friend group is around 30-31, but one guy is only like 27, barely any difference, and we constantly ask him stuff like "what does yeet mean?" to bug him. Works every time.
The only guys who treat their apprentices like shit, are guys who got treated like shit, who now think it's their turn to dish it out.
If the power brick for both are also capable of the quick-charge protocol, then they will both charge at the same speed. Both the device and the charge run through a few "handshakes" when you first plug your phone in to charge. USB-C and USB-A 3.1 are both capable of up to 100W charging by doing 5A at 20V, but you need a charging brick and a device that are both capable, like a new MacBook Pro. If you plug a MacBook Pro, which will try to handshake for 100W charging, into the brick that just comes with a phone, it won't charge, because the power brick doesn't have the 100W charging protocol. But if you plug your phone, which can't use the 100W protocol, into the Macbook charger that can, it will just charge at the max speed the phone can, because the Macbook charger has the 100W protocol, as well as every slower than that approved. If you plug your phone which can charge at 18W into an old shitty little square USV 2.0 iPhone brick from 2010, it will only charge at 5V 2A, or whatever the most the brick can output.
The person who did this voted for Kenney 100%.
This is exactly why you see girls on Tinder all the time with "dont know why Tinder says I'm 26, I'm just 23 and can't change it". Because you created your account via Facebook and when you created your Facebook page when you were 11 you lied about your birth year.
That doesn't change the fact that they said to "fry the ramen in a wok with some water". Frying is by definition "cooking in oil". No oil, not frying.
FYI, its against code to leave no slack in the box to work with.
Don't wash "with your fingertips". Literally just stop touching it. Let water run over it in the shower, nothing else. If water running over it doesn’t make the crusty come off, then it's not ready to come off. If you're touching it and wiping the crusties off in any way, it's the equivalent of picking a scab off of a cut over and over again as soon as a new one dries, opening the wound again, and wondering why it won't heal.
Releasing "some oil" doeant mean anything if you're cooking it in water. If i boil my bacon in a pot of water, are you going to say that it's still frying it because when the bacon cooks, it releases its fat? Unless you can throw the brick of dried noodles in a pan without anything else, and they can release enough oil to cook themselves, or unless you add oil to the pan to cook them, its not frying. You are BOILING the noodles, not frying them.
How much stuff do you keep on your counter that cords across your counter is a concern? Besides my coffee grinder and kettle for water in my "coffee corner" there isnt anything on my counters plugged in all the time.
So for the approximate 2 seconds between when all of the water has evaporated, and the noodles are still in the pan before throwing them in a bowl, they're frying, got it. 2 seconds of fried noodles.
Family friend of ours got bit by a bat at her home the day they were going to leave for holidays. She insisted to her husband that they go to the hospital so she could get tested, he said that she was just being paranoid and that "no one actually gets rabies anymore". She kept bothering him about for the next couple of hours, but he was too concerned about missing their flight to Hawaii, so she told him she was going to just go herself to get tested. Sure enough, she tested positive for rabies and got treated. Had she just given in and just continued packing and gone on vacation, she would have assuredly started showing systems while they were on vacation, gotten home, and died shortly after.
Yeah, flour and oil is what the noodles are MADE OF. That doesnt mean that the oil will melt out of the noodles when you put them in a pan. The fact that you're putting water in the pan means you aren't frying them, you're boiling them, end of discussion.
Regular pasta does have eggs, cheap shitty mass produced variant doesnt. That doesnt make the shitty pasta normal. "Regular" cereal isn't neon colors either, despite what Froot Loops might make you believe.
I always find it funny when people think of it completely backwards like you are doing, not that there is anything wrong with it, your "why wouldn't they build a basement to get a cool area?" question makes perfect sense. But we have basements BECAUSE everything is frozen for 5+ months a year. The foundation of the house needs to be at the frost line, or at least close, or else everything would shift every time it freezes and thaws and cause major foundation cracks. The deep frost line also means that our water and sewer lines need to be that much deeper to prevent them from freezing during the winter. As for why basements aren't common down south? Becsuse digging a basement and pouring a foundation is EXPENSIVE. Cement is SO expensive. If you buy a small 2 story home with an undeveloped basement, the cost of digging the hole, building the forms for the footings, pouring them, stripping them, building the forms for the basement walls, pouring them, stripping them, and then water proofing the outside walls, pouring your basement floor, and then framing the insulated walls inside the basement around the perimeter, is essentially 50% of the cost of your house. Both floors above you, framed, insulated, electrical, hvac, plumbing, drywall, painted, flooring, cabinets, everything that needs to go into it, is the same cost as just the basement with literally no finishing work done. Other places either just slab on grade, or dig down about 3-4ft until the ground is compacted enough that they can just pour small piles and have the house sitting on posts esentially just floating a few feet above the ground becsuse it is so much cheaper, because there is no cement at all. Imagine the top 2 floors of your house, but instead of sitting on an entire dug down concrete basement, the beams are just sitting on posts on the ground. Tldr: no cement is cheap, places will do anything they can to use as little cement as possible because its so expensive.
It's definitely location specific, I've got cousins in the US, and they have a back alley. I think lots of new US suburbs have taken hold of the front attached garage more than we have. I couldn't stand not having a back alley, because with it, that would just mean that my back neighbors yard also bumps up to mine. I much prefer a house with a back detached garage, gives a nice buffer zone.
The annoying thing is that 99% of people still just park out front and fill their garage full of their shit, then complain about how bad parking is in their neighborhood.
Americans also think murdering people is normal, so not really a strong argument.
You can see in the 9th photo that almost the entire 2x4 stud is visible in front of the insulation. None of it should be visible, because the insulation should be as far forward as possible.
2019 homicides in Canada, 651. 2019 homicides in the US, 16,214. Essentially 3x per capita. If the Indigenous schools are the worst thing you can come up for Canada compared to the US, you're fighting a losing battle.
