I'm really curious how this performs. Hopefully Digital Foundry does a video, cos this was a game I was not expecting to happen.
how did this happen? fuck we need the Acapella edit: gave this a second listen with headphones and shit does it sound good. I really fucking hope they release an Acapella or someone gets their hands on one cos this is legit good
I figured it would but I'm so glad it will. now I'm just hoping it's soon
If it's a quarter past midnight it's after the Doomsday Clock hit midnight, so really it's post apocalyptic
is this the roadmap or just a look at some of the smaller more requested changes people have made here? as always, keep up the great work, we all appreciate it here!
Google News I've found to be pretty good.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Z9wDZXCsISxmf_5abViEKfaJom8Vq7sJ/view?usp=drivesdk sorry bout the delay
so some strange things are happening in these videos. outside of the wacky and sometimes apocalyptic imagery involved, they've made some minor changes and additions to songs. They added some bits of movie audio to "Would I Lie To You?" and they changed the audio bits in The Descent to two different voices (or at least two muffled voices) The strangest however is Don't Let Go. It adds at the end this Bible verse, Jeremiah 17:9-10 &gt; 9: The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it? &gt;10: I the LORD search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings. It's directly from the King James translation BUT there's a weird thing they've done. In the video, it reads as follows: &gt; 9: The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it? &gt;10: I search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings. They omitted "the Lord". A strange omission, and I'm curious about other people's thoughts on the this and the videos in general.
I mean, it's pretty much only meant for the US anyway.
&gt; add ingame tutorials with bots, or even add bot games! both Battlefield and Battlefront need this. One of my favorite features of the old Battlefront games was that every MP mode could be played offline with bots. did the AI suck? well yeah, but a lot of AI sucked back then. I'm sure DICE could do decently enough to emulate a semi-easy MP experience
nah, frag grenade rifle is where it's at. thrown grenades are nerfed as fuck in BFV (for good reason) but the frag grenade rifle is a fucking hack, it's so easy to get kills with
Maul and Yoda? lol right
Best part of Christmas was getting to see my family after being away for school!
Yeah this is one of the songs where, when I listen back to the original, something just feels "missing." I can listen to the old version of Grip (well as best as I can) but the old version of the Descent just feels flat.
I'm having the same issue. I'd like to have a solution other than RMA'ing if at all possible.
Same here. It just randomly started, and now sometimes I'll get 2 or 3 soft reboots in an hour
Traitor. Your kind destroyed this Republic. If not for our Glorious Emperor I don't know what we'd do. Seriously tho, cool tattoo.
Okay that would actually make a ton of sense, thank you. I wonder why that is.
Note that it will cause your phone to soft reboot randomly.
Shit I'mma try and make something like this today
so not exactly what you asked for but my progress so far: [also sorry for the poor gif, i couldn't figure out anything else](https://gfycat.com/EmbellishedPlushCanary) thats only about an hour of work, but if i go through with this i'm gonan add a bunch more features like customization of your black hole and whatnot. and combat, of course.
do we know how many songs they're playing?
Yeah I'm guessing it'll be happier. It's their new Pompeii.
so Youngling Hunt confirmed?
It very much felt like an alternate path kind of thing that The 100 could have taken, had it stuck more to the teen survival thing rather than branching out, and I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing. Plus, unlike the first few episodes of The 100, it has a lot less of the cringe. It's still there to an extent but it's much much more watchable.
I would imagine it's simply a case of technology advancing fast enough that what issues he would have had were figured out, which does make sense given the books world. Radiation exposure and poisoning is no doubt a lot more common since so many people live in space, so it makes sense that a lot of energy and resources would be devoted to treating exposure and coming up with more efficient drugs.
Yeah, I think he'll definitely go to dark places like the actor has said he'll do, but I'm betting in the end he'll come out of this a hero. I just can't see him agreeing with Jos if it comes at the expense of someone like Bellamy. He may feign agreement to save his own skin to an extent, but not to the point where Bellamy or someone else he's close to is put in danger.
I enjoyed his arc a ton. It felt perfectly in character and a really realistic reaction to all the shit that had happened to them.
Well I don't think they would have killed him if they had the chance not to. The actor had to leave the show so they didn't have a choice.
dark mode 100%
Yeah, always use the HumanoidRootPart when dealing with Characters
I fucking hope not, as someone who doesn't like Smash, last year's direct sucked.
I highly recommend watching the show, or at least clips of it. It's all like the clip above.
DICE isn't going to release anymore cosmetics that can be bought for CC.
What's funny is the "No Hero, No Vehicle" events don't work out too great in CS cos the games can go on long enough that people can reach the battle point caps
I'm fine with wild battling, I just want them to do away with random encounters. If I wanna avoid getting in a million wild battles I'd like to be able to without spamming Repels. Plus I love having Pokemon roam the overworld.
Sticks is my favorite, I love that they made her a conspiracy theorist.
&gt;did they mix a bit of the BotW music in there when revealing it? thank God I'm not the only one that heard that. I swear they played the fucking piano music
It looks like it's fixed everywhere with the exception of the Wild Areas
Yeah I was gonna say, mine has always looked like this (I also have a higher DPI setting)
I mean ideally that is something every artist should do to an extent when collaborating, especially when collaborating with someone of a different style.
&gt;Frontlines RIP
so it's an Epic Games exclusive for 6 months but then launches on Windows Store before said 6 months is up. this makes me wonder whether the exclusivity deal means it can only launch on Epic, or just that it can't launch on Steam. if it's the latter, that's even more reason for me to never buy a game from the Epic Games Store
Nah, Geonosis was actually a new map. Which is kind of a shame, since I think the GA map would have worked better than the new map.
you give blowjobs at Walmart??? wtf why
To add onto that, Palpatines presence didn't even leak. So I'm gonna take a guess and say that it's very possible that they do have bigger surprises in store.
They clarified in a response, it's still not rated.
So is the Mandalorian TV show....which is way close to the OT/ST than the PT. Outside of the major movie releases, they haven't done any major content for them. I don't see why that would change with the Clone Wars Season 7. I love the Clone Wars as much as everyone else here, I really do, but we've been getting Clone Wars content for nearly a year. I'd like to see something else. At the least bringing the other eras to Capital Supremacy.
Agreed. The 442nd have literally only appeared in a figure, and they're just a recoloring of the 212th.
I imagine it simply wasn't a priority. They'd no doubt done some work on them, but I would assume it always ended up with "Balancing this will be a nightmare and other things are a priority right now." Now that they've released everything from that original roadmap I imagine they had more time and were able to implement it. I'm also guessing with how overpowered the ARC trooper ended up being they realized they didn't need a counter to Droidekas.
They reminded me of Chewbacca from EASWBF1
A guy was messaged the picture on Discord but I'm gonna guess it is real. It seems realistic, and the fact that the cover art is literally just the character from the key art to me makes it far more likely to be real than not real. A fan mockup would have had a lot more than just the character. People on here are just disappointed because it looks generic. Ya know, like every other CDPR game cover. Even if it is fake I'm guessing the real cover will be pretty similar.
Thats what they were in the Darth Vader comic they debuted in. They were the last batch of clones.
That was exactly what I thought when I saw it.
Yeah like I'm super glad about the references but that's just such an oversight.
hello there
iirc, Apps can only use the camera now while the app is active, and can't in the background. I'm not sure about the mic however
I mean I'm pretty sure it was a way to relate to the parent comment that was talking about FUN.
wait how did you hear it live? where was it played?
got a link to the YouTube video?
The switch is a console for fans of every type of game! Proceeds to show only RPGs, mostly anime ones
congrats
Its not being ported by CDPR, it's being ported by Saber Interactive. They confirmed on [Twitter. ](https://twitter.com/CDPROJEKTRED/status/1138487478623637504)
[Saber Interactive](https://twitter.com/CDPROJEKTRED/status/1138487478623637504)
I mean making a Lego game is significantly easier than a photorealistic first person shooter. A shooter which actually has a pretty good amount of content, and continues to receive content every month.
&gt;I would love to know how the hell Gilead dealt with Los Angeles, due to the gang situation there that question can be raised about a lot of areas lol, although I imagine the fact that they have no qualms just straight up killing anyone who resists them with no questions asked helps
Yeah, I'm assuming it's getting the same treatment the other maps got.
it should be allowed, I've done it before but that was over a year ago so it may have changed
Oh there's definitely still a market for physical but you're right that it largely is dead for a huge portion of gamers, which makes all the backlash against Microsoft pretty funny.
Yep, Switch demos were the only ones working
Because if you get rid of the ESRB and MPAA then it'll lead to government's regulating content. That's the whole reason the ESRB exists.
oh shit I misread what you said, my bad
17 track album according to his Instagram story, only 4 of which we've seen. Assuming he only releases 3 more singles, that's 10 new songs
those are Target exclusive so they won't leak until it releases physically in the US tomorrow
and I'm guessing they'll be even nicer since CDPR is making money off them
Revolution, maybe? Was a decent show imo
good song!! I can definitely see why it wasn't on the album, it doesn't seem to really fit with the tone/story of the album, at least after a couple listens.
it seems the Madeon set won't be streamed
lol it's a joke. the devs know we're not serious
so To The Sky definitely was a song title alone makes me think it was definitely a bop
Nah, Microsoft is just a significantly different company than they once were. They're all about getting their games and services to as many as people as possible. Not selling the most hardware.
yep, haven't played in a while but that's how it was
Yeah, graphics and tech wise the original teaser and the final release look pretty similar, they just took a different artistic direction with it. It's more muted in the final game. They also seemed to rework the map significantly from that original teaser, so I imagine there's a lot that went on in development of BoTW we don't know about
If it were just the Xbox brand moving in this direction I'd agree with you, but the entire company has shifted in this direction. MS strategy with regards to Xbox wasn't predicated on the success or failure of the Xbox One, it's entirely to do with the shift in the company's focus.
depends on the school. Some schools give you a bus/metro pass, others don't.
I would be very surprised if most games are able to run at 4k 60fps
it will have voice acting though
"live fast, die Young and stay forever numb" definitely captures the feeling of the album really well
these were made entirely using Studio and then exported out as a .obj for the purpose of the screenshot. I can post individual shots as well if people want. They were modeled after the original meshes with some slight modifications. Paintball is the most detailed of the bunch and definitely my favorite [Better image here](https://imgur.com/a/cJ8vEbS)
I think it's just the perspective, in game it's actually pretty close to the mesh size. I'll definitely make some adjustments though!
[Here I've uploaded one where you should be able to make it out better!](https://imgur.com/a/cJ8vEbS)
yeah, that's something I changed for my project, it was bugging me too much
Unfortunately since the Superball is literally a single part there was no point in remaking it, but rest assured it will be in my project! I just didn't wanna include it in this picture since I didn't technically remake it or anything.
oh god I didn't even realize...
My comment from above: It's a bit of a modern reimagining of the classic Brick Battle genre. While I love things like Doomspire Brickbattle, me and the friend of mine working on this have always felt like there was room for a modernized take on a Brick Battle game. I can't share much right now, I'll have more later on as we get closer to a state we're both happy with, but rest assured it'll be fun and most importantly have lots of explosions :)
That's what we're currently working on:) We don't have any plans for adding team members right now but I'll let you know if we do:)
&gt;I just want to know how Dan was in a sofa/bed and ended up on the kitchen, imagine falling asleep in your bed and waking in the floor of the next room lol anything is possible if you drink enough. the amount of times I've passed out somewhere then woken up somewhere completely else is too high to count
I mean Hotline Miami was inspired in part by the movie Drive, which is very similar to Baby Driver
I don't, I'd be turned on if someone said that to me. Even more so if they were in the process of doing it to me.
Definitely computer generated.
okay can we please talk about all that world building?? we learned so much from that one scene, I can't wait to rewatch the episode and look at that part more closely hope someone gets screengrabs of those magazines! the more this show goes on the more I want a pre-bombs prequel. Pre war earth in the 100's universe sounds like such a fascinating place to live
oh for sure but that's part of what makes it so fascinating: we have all this shit going on but also still a lot of normal stuff, high school, diners, Christmas. do we know where on Earth Josephine was from? obv US but dust storms in winter may not be significant in Texas, but would be very significant in Minnesota
[Bless, they posted it on Twitter](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D9Y5JvUUYAAhrfk.jpg) Dec 5, 2043 So the Eligius 3 mission likely launched in 2043/2044. Also this could mean they're in Boston, in which case...yikes
You forget it's Nintendo though
I think it more just has to do with Nintendo not liking to put things on sale.
Well I found my new favorite artist
[You're not that guy. I am that guy.](https://youtu.be/pzuu8U-ge7I?t=57)
Well, she would have until she got killed in a nuclear blast. But yeah it makes sense. Had that event not occured, she never would have gone on the Eligius trip, which is what lead to her immortality.
&gt;If I remember correctly, didn't Jason say we'd see more of the actress who plays Josie if we got a S7? I feel like I saw that on Twitter... Time travel?? Would explain [Erica Cerra's tweet last night](https://twitter.com/ericacerra/status/1141379899346702337) Seriously, if we time travel to before the bombs oh Lord I don't know how I'll react
I see two plot threads they can take with this season: 1. A new threat/planet/group. Basically either Aliens or other Eligius drop team members. They've had hints at aliens in the text in the intro credits switching to a bunch of symbols. They've had hints at the Eligius 3 mission having other drop teams. This would be an interesting way to take it, although it's my least favorite. 2. Time travel. This is a stretch but in a weird way it'd be the most fun, especially if Season 7 is gonna be the last (which I think it is). There's the obvious hint of the temporal anomaly. And there have been a few tweets people have mentioned that have hinted at it. Last night in particular, [this tweet.](https://twitter.com/ericacerra/status/1141379899346702337) How would this work? Well essentially Clarke/Bellamy and Adventure Squad (and hopefully only them, as I think the show is at it's best when it's sticking to a small core group) time travel back to the past and essentially try to stop ALIE from blowing up the earth. If they're going for a hopeful ending, they manage to stop her. If they're going for a sad ending, they don't and the cycle continues, sticking humanity on a loop. To really make this a gut punch I'd have it so in this season finale everyone but the time travelers die, meaning the stakes are literally the survival of the human race like never before. I don't think they'll end up going the time travel route, but it'd be hella bold and would make for a really fun and unique final season.
I wouldn't put the blame entirely on D&amp;D. You also have to keep in mind the last season took a long time to film, and if that carried on for another 3 seasons it's highly likely a lot of critical actors would want out before it ended so they can work on other projects.
Nah. I like it as is. Rather than samples, it seems they've used background conversations/backing vocals to give the album atmosphere, which imo fits the night out theme much better than movie samples would have. I do miss the sample from the Descent, however.
At one point I had a Tinder for Squidward Tentacles and the song I chose in my profile was Squidward Nose. It was beautiful
if I'm remembering right, a huge part of him not liking Luke's story came down to not having scenes with the original three. He loved working with Ford and Fisher and wished he could have had more chances to work with them. So I think it was less disagreeing with the story itself (altho there was some of that) and more just a personal desire to film with his friends more.
We aren't even really sure of the extent of what we're getting either. They've mentioned co-op I believe, so it's entirely possible we're getting something similar to the Combined Arms missions in BFV (and this would fit in well with Dice's recent design philosophy)
unlikely. they'll probably look like normal scout troopers with a rangefinder.
Bet you Star Wars 1313 would have still been T rated and not had dismemberment/gore. People gotta understand that's not going to happen in a Star Wars game and that's really not a bad thing.
I'm guessing it'll be similar to the Combined Arms missions in BFV. I doubt we'll get offline Conquest.
hey there
God what I wouldn't do to see a true next gen Pokemon game....
I'm sure he's aware, but nothing wrong with reducing the amount of devices listening where you can. Phones are harder to replace than home assistants.
hopefully this means they're more focused on OT/ST content after Felucia
My issue is that literally every new skin that's come out for the game since Boins has been BOINs only.
especially since he has everything he needs with the mind drives
for an episode about Gabriel he sure hasn't featured in it a lot
that is not the last we see of Diyoza no fucking way
I mean I'm gonna go out on a limb and say most showrunners don't like working with babies.
I strive to be like this man
I mean isn't that kinda what we want in a politician? someone who listens to experts and data?
Don't you mean Padawan?
is that mod safe to use online?
I mean the TX130 wasn't canon. I think for things like vehicles, adding them to canon doesn't make a huge difference. It's when you get into things like heroes/legions that it becomes slightly more complicated.
&gt;I just hope its not the 4 player co op mode from Battlefield 5.... the fact that they've been referring to it in the way they have makes it very likely it'll be something like that. if it were just offline Conquest they would have said so.
I mean the completely inaccurate clone skins they originally released did make it into the game, so that's not always true it seems
&gt;two heavies with 501st armor but they are unique in their armor markings. that's what I wanted Clone Customization to be like. I'd have preferred if legions were tied to specific maps/modes but the customization allowed us to do things like helmet-less with custom tattoos, hair, etc, or we can go with custom armor markings, etc. The Clone Wars showed a ton of variance in the individual clones and I feel like embracing that would have been cooler than the rainbow clones we have right now.
Destructibility unfortunately won't come, as that's a brand restriction. As for the support class, I'd argue class roles area bit different in BF2 versus Battlefield and that the Officer fills more of the traditional "support" role than the Heavy. But with reinforcements and heroes and just the classes in general being different I'd argue there wouldn't really be a point in a traditional support class like in Battlefield. Vehicles regenerate health, Sentry fills the MMG role decently enough. As for health/ammo(ability recharge) Officers and Heavies both do fill that role with specific star cards.
I think this is my favorite one you've made
They actually abolished the pay to win before launch, but they redid the progression system to be less grindy/stupid a few months after launch
except it doesn't follow the system setting
hasn't caused an issue for me, Pixel 2XL Q Beta 4.
I feel like Divide is the one thing that on its own doesn't work quite as well (it's still one of my favorites) but within the context of the album it's really really good. So it makes sense it would be one of the first to get eliminated.
April Fool's Day 2020 mode? u/F8RGE
farmboy Luke is a must
I would assume in the cars we can listen to music. It'd be cool if we could always have the radio going, in-game radios are one of my favorite features in a game
I would love a melee class for the rest of the factions like the Seppies have. The commando Droid is my absolute favorite to play, it's so fun to dash around the battlefield as.
I mean, in their defense they basically revolutionized movie making with the way they used CGI. Love it or hate it, it was definitely a good thing to happen from a real world perspective, even if the movies ended up suffering.
I imagine the Redux package will actually run pretty well - The games are, with the exception of some more open areas in Last Light, pretty linear and very closed off. It's not like Doom or Wolfenstein where there are big open levels or really detailed and big backgrounds. Plus, they are last gen games.
2008. You don't need to watch every episode though, really just the Anakin/Ahsoka ones and the Clone ones.
Why not add them to GA? They'd have to add another phase, maybe have a more open phase in the hanger but I think they would make great GA maps if GA were still supported 😭
&gt;lower the resolution to 720p lmao like it could run at 720p even in docked mode.
Yeah, TLOU is definitely not a good example of something that wouldn't work as a TV show. It's very narratively driven and outside of grounded mode, the gameplay is kind of irrelevant. Now, a show based on the Outer Wilds? no way would that work.
I wouldn't necessarily classify it as sci-fi. The Expanse fits that category and I'd definitely argue it's at the least one of the best sci-fi games currently airing, but Mr. Robot isn't really a sci-fi show. It's much more a show about trauma and mental illness (in the context of a hacker drama about taking down the 1%) than it is about anything else.
Yeah, plus with what we've seen of them in flashbacks in other media it definitely wouldn't make sense.
Nah, The Clone Wars is mostly set up in story arcs - this season will have 3 different story arcs, one of which is already released technically (it just doesn't have finished animations) so if they do things as a weekly release it'll just be frustrating to watch, especially for the first arc that's already technically out.
When the show first came out every show was a weekly release. That's just how TV worked. Streaming gives the opportunity to release episodes in a manner that makes more sense for the specific show, and in the case of the Clone Wars I'd argue weekly releases are annoying as fuck, especially when episodes are really short, four of them have already technically been released, and the entire show is set up in the form of disconnected story arcs. It'd make more sense to release a story arc together than to release it separately. That's just Disney trying to delay content because they have nothing else going for their streaming service.
Yeah most of Legends iirc when dealing with the republic mainly focused on the old republic, before the 1000 year Republic mentioned in the movies
Mmmm ingest ketamine I must Lethal doses Yoda requires
I think it has even less to do with that and more to do with the way the maps are designed - with the exception of Geonosis GA (which isn't in CS) and maybe Felucia, none of the maps are really designed with large scale battle in mind. So they end up not really working well as conquest, especially with vehicles being thrown into the mix. The maps are too small and restrictive, because DICE's design philosophy in this is different from theirs in Battlefield, even when it comes to the new CS only maps. I'd really love if they took the GA Geonosis map and added it to CS, but used basically the whole map with 2 more command posts, so there's 7 instead of 5. Would be a nice change of pace and actually give us a map where vehicles have room to breathe.
I mean yeah that's kind of obvious. When it responds to literally every complaint people have about the movie it's pretty obvious that its a lie. I'm certain a ton of stuff got cut. I'm pretty positive at one point through production large parts of the movie were rewritten. There is definitely shit going on with this movie just based on how actors and members of the production team have reacted in the past and are reacting now. But that "leak" is total fan fiction
If he's getting a PT skin I really want it to be a Chancellor Palpatine skin
Nah, it's an actual drug in our universe [Context](https://youtu.be/c81cppSqBUk)
Yeah I definitely appreciate that they've taken iconic locations from the movies, they've done a fantastic job of that. The game is beautiful, immersive, and one of the best Star Wars games (note: not saying it's a good game, I'd just argue it's decent as a game) out there, but I just wish the level design was a bit better. Naboo, for example, would be nicer with wider streets so vehicles can actually move around, and it'd be nice if the map were less of a rectangle and more of a square (but keep it the same length, so just widen it out) Hoth, imo, is one of the worst, at least in terms of designing it for a Battlefield like experience. Something closer to the movies or the OG Hoth in BF2005 would be better imo. Kashyyk I think is actually the best current CS map - my only complaint is that, like most CS maps, it's too small. If the droids started in the water like they do in GA and the map included the entire beach I think it would be better. Kamino I don't mind, although that's partly because it reminds me so much of the old Kamino map, and I like how the combat ends up hovering around the middle post. Felucia and CS Geo I feel largely the same about. CS Geo is too narrow. Tattoine I'm not sure about, I think it'll end up being similar to Felucia or CS Geo. Will be interesting to see if they use the entire town. Jakku and Takadona I haven't played enough to be able to give a good idea on them, altho it looks like with Jakku they're opening up the outside of the wreckage to gameplay which is a good idea. Death Star II will end up being another Kamino. Not a bad thing and having vehicle less maps is good. Endor needs to be wider to really evoke that Battlefield feel, imo. Or at the very least they need to make it feel less like a corridor. It could end up feeling great like Argonne Forest from BF1, or it'll end up being terrible Others like GA Geonosis and Crait I actually really like in terms of vehicles, and Crait I think would make a great Conquest map as long as they add some wrecked AT-M6's in the field. Same with Starkiller base - it has a huge open section that would work well. Overall though I think the biggest problem just comes down to the scale - everything is great from an infantry perspective but the maps feel like they're too tight a lot of the time, and the maps are definitely too small, especially for CS. CS doesn't really feel like a big strategic battle, which imo it needs. But hopefully with all the feedback they've been getting whenever they make another Battlefront it'll be more like Battlefield while still getting the same live service we've been getting here
I think his comment had more to do with the perspective of the photo being clearly not real
He should turn lightsaber blades off like a few other mods did
I mean yeah but at the same time I think that was narratively where The Last Jedi was going, as shown by that final shot of the kid. TROS should have opened with this fleet (or part of it, at least) already amassed and in open warfare with the First Order, a la Revenge of the Sith. Instead we got a short battle that I think will end up going down as one of the most anticlimactic space battles.
Fuck it, let's replace every fight with a dance off from Kinect Star Wars Won't help the movie make any more sense, but dammit, at least it'll be entertaining then.
Nah, Rose was added as a vehicle for Finn's character development. Each main character in the movie had a lesser character to develop them. For Finn it's Rose, Poe it's Holdo (and Leia, to a lesser extent) and Rey it's Luke.
I think Obi-Wan left him like that intentionally because he didn't want to know for certain whether he had actually killed Anakin.
Oh JJ didn't just throw away shit from TLJ, he threw away shit from TFA too. First Order? Nah mate, it's the Final Order now.
Fahrenheit is more practical for real world temperatures. It's a 100 point scale versus a 40 point one
It seems like the writers saw how critics responded to the praise of S2's themes and decided to just run with it. Like I'm not complaining, I love the show, butt it's definitely a bit repetitive.
But Rian set Luke's arc up in a way that he could have had an impact still on the next movie. Luke's sacrifice was meant to inspire hope in the Galaxy, but JJ said fuck it and forgot about that. Luke said "See you around kid" to Ben then never showed up. Rian did set it up where Luke could still appear, but JJ chose to ignore that setup.
I wish it was. Would make it easier to only play one era (for me, to not play the PT era... I'm so sick of those maps after so much CS)
Rey had to wear white because of scenes with Leia, they needed the clothes to match
And the 2008 Clone Wars Movie and cartoons
I think the way it was worded was definitely meant to evoke something more than just in his memories, but either way I wish they'd gone that route. Would have been far more interesting than what they did with Luke
Source?
I'd argue up until ROS she does have a bit of a character arc, or at least the potential for one. Her entire drive has been trying to find her family, but in the TLJ she learns that her parents were drunk nobodies (the story arc equivalent of Luke learning Vader is his father) and so there was actually a ton of potential in ROS of Rey having to grapple with that truth and come to terms with it. But nah, Papa Palps fucks instead (She definitely does seem too powerful in the force - though I'd argue her saber abilities were already well established since we see her using a staff at the very beginning of TFA)
&gt;everything he does is accidental and due to his stupidity r/DarthJarJar would disagree with you... but yeah I think that's his biggest issue, with the second being the way he talks (it should have been either normal English or an alien language imo)
Uh there was one planet that looked like something out of a PS3 but yeah that was the only other thing
We didn't even get a leader check in. That's like the one fan service thing that always works. Come on JJ The perfect opportunity to have so much of the fan service JJ loves. Imagine a Phoenix Squadron check in with live action Jacen or Hera.
Ehhh I'd say that's different. Problem with Star Wars EP IX is it purported to be the "end of the Skywalker saga" but it was really just an end to the sequel trilogy(a shitty one, but that's another story) Take a look at EP 6. While this obviously wasn't planned since the prequels came later, but EP 6 wraps up both the story of Anakin and Luke. IX, on the other hand, just kind of wraps up the story of Rey (kind of) and throws Palpatine and some Jedi voices in (which I liked cos it had Kanan) to try and say "it's the Skywalker saga conclusion" without concluding anything from the first 6 movies. It barely even connected to them except in small cameos.
The show is awesome. Best time travel show by far
Ya know I wonder whether, like our dreams, the movie is intentionally confusing and obfuscating...
I don't even mind that so much, I just wish it actually concluded something. It doesn't even really do a good job of touching on and wrapping up the themes of Star Wars that have been present across the entire saga.
Man the Bad Blood era by far has my favorite cover art I have the Haunt vinyl and it's my favorite thing I own
Damn, just looked at it, that's my favorite by far. I love the apocalyptic vibes of that piece (and the ATBB art) Haunt is still my favorite but that's definitely my second. Would kill to have a vinyl of that
Siege of Mandalore will be the last arc so, there won't be episodes after.
&gt;Unlike literally every other saber hero, they’d be relatively unique. How? They'd have two sabers but so does Grievous and he plays no different from any other saber hero.
Shit I didn't even realize there was a same sex kissing scene in Rogue One lmao
All of us over at r/StarWarsBattlefront are wondering the same thing.
Yeah, while I'm sure they could play slightly differently I think at the end of the day they'll be pretty similar to what we already have. So I'd 100% rather have something like a lightside jetpack hero and another dark side blaster hero.
I would kill for Dreams to come out on PC. I got it, but I just could not get into it with the controls. They're so counter-intuitive (coming from the perspective of someone used to a PC for that type of thing, and not very adept at motion controls). Being able to use mouse and keyboard with that game would be a \*dream\*
I don't know if it's what you're talking about but there are literally imperial gunships in Rebels that would be perfect
I don't buy that. The people who care about that explanation that much would probably already be buying the comics anyway. Most others don't care or will settle for a "star wars theory" video. They aren't gaining money by doing this
ReyPoe is definitely something I can see them cutting as this script would get refined.
Yeah, I ended up getting the game cheaper with my pre-order (only reason I pre-ordered) so I'm not mad lmao
February will probably see the last of the ST maps brought to CS. Maybe a 332nd skin to celebrate CW S7
Hello there
I wonder how many times Dan has almost died singing Flaws
Yeah, if they wanted to stretch the releases out I'd rather it be released as arcs - Bad Batch Arc week one, Ahsoka week 2, Mandalore week 3. Would make it more enjoyable to watch. I'm really really pissed about the weekly releases tho cos it means it'll probably be three weeks till we actually get something new - the three bad batch episodes are already on YouTube and while the finished animations will be nice I doubt content/script wise anything will change
Yeah balancing by bullet sizes is dumb as shit. I hate when people try and use bullet sizes to justify changing the TTK. Nobody actually wants it to be based on that. The game wouldn't be fun. But 6 BTK with an 8 round mag is ridiculous, and that's the kind of thing they should base it on.
I do think though that a large part of it has to do with the fact that this movie was rewritten every week. Made the leaks seem inconsistent at the time but having seen the final product it makes sense.
Because it was originally part of the plan but like many other things in the movie, was cut at some point
During the war yes, but post Endor before Jakku there was almost certainly a Battle there at one point
Yep, it's definitely Bacara
I'm really shocked anyone stays in the game's industry for very long. You get better pay and better hours outside of it
Yeah I can't either. I absolutely love video games, even love making them (in my free time). I'm a comp sci student right now, and I simply cannot ever see myself working in the games industry. Much as I'd love to, your job sounds wayyy more appealing and way better for my physical and mental health.
I don't know, it'd be kind of cool to end on the same note as ROTS
Agreed. I would definitely prefer Google or Microsoft's UI design philosophy over Samsungs
is Droideka AI coming??
Nor acknowledging he watches The Expanse So many red flags here smh
God they did Finn such a disservice in EP IX. TLJ really set him up to be a leading character for the Resistance, and then IX just throws him back into his screaming Rey mentality.
I know you're being sarcastic but he did. Sure, there was some dumb comedy but it's fucking Star Wars. What else do you expect? Star Wars has never been serious. But TLJ did develop Finn wayyy more than any other movie did. Could it have been better? Yeah, of course. But it's a thousand times better than what TROS did. TFA Finn even at the end, while he cared about Rey, only cared about protecting himself and Rey from the First Order *by running away.* And so that's what he tried to do in TLJ. He wanted to run away. he wanted to find Rey and run away. But over the course of the movie he grew to care not only for the others around him (Poe, Rose), not only for the Resistance, but for the wider Galaxy as a whole. By the end of TLJ, Finn was no longer motivated by selfish goals - he was motivated to save other people from the darkness of the First Order by facing it head first, fully willing to sacrifice himself even if said sacrifice is in vein. People who go around saying Rian ruined Finn were straight up not paying attention to the movie. There are things that are bad in TLJ, but Finn's arc is not one of them.
Is it even the worst one, at least right now? How bad is the death toll for this outbreak relative to others?
I think that's part of what made it work - the space battle actually had stakes and was connected to the ground battle we cared about.
Happy cake day
Mark Brown put out a [really good video on it](https://youtu.be/V0qxLrFycrc)
It's an experience. I haven't played it yet but I definitely plan on picking it up - it looks like the kind of thing I'd wanna sink into on a rainy night
I want in
Ugh I hate this argument. Yes, the new TTK is bullshit. But arguing historical accuracy is dumb as shit. Battlefield has never been a historically accurate game. The new TTK isn't bullshit because it's not historically accurate, it's bullshit because it's ruined the pace of the game and is no longer fun
I wonder how much of that has to do with quality of care, though. I would assume somewhere with worse healthcare and health practices, recovery would be slower.
\&gt; both films were not exactly successes to disney Solo, yes, TLJ, no. Remember, all Disney cares about is money. TLJ succeeded in that regard. So it's considered a success from Disney's POV. Y'all sometimes think that Disney actually cares about fan opinions or any of that shit but forget it's a publicly traded corporation. Money is \*all\* that matters in that world.
I think a large part of it too is that Star Wars started out as a purely visual, cinematic medium, so of course that's going to be people's preferred medium through which to experience the universe, and I don't really blame them for that.
Yeah, Ben set Han on the trajectory his life ended up taking, so even if he didn't know him well he definitely had an impact. Plus, Han didn't have any family as we learned in Solo.
Buff the booty
I kind of hope not. Like I'd rather they just make the Imperial troopers on Scarif use the Shoretrooper skin rather than letting it be used on other maps
It's true, pilot is supposedly being shown at a film festival sometime this month I think
Changing sentencing laws and guidelines throughout the country is definitely something that needs to happen, not just for cases like this but for cases involving drugs, non violent crime, white collar crime (note, sentences should generally be harsher for that, at least imo) but it's something that happens at a local and state level, not usually federal so change is harder and a lot more patchwork.
Tbh I'm kinda shocked the glass could even break in the first place. You'd think they'd have thick shutters that could be activated/deactivated at will to shield the glass in cars like that
&gt; but an actual political revolution is basically a logistical impossibility Not to mention an absolutely awful idea. Revolutions generally cost thousands, if not millions of lives, and almost always descend into tyranny, especially when they're calling for massive structural and social changes to society. And at the end of the day, it's not the white people in power that'll end up getting hurt by the revolution. It's the people who aren't insulated, who aren't protected by the structures of power. Reform is absolutely necessary and I think if things don't change, we're gonna see more and more violence as the months and years go on until it's too late. But a revolution will not end well.
Clearly that was the reason they went to war, they didn't split the sun evenly /s
Yep, exactly this. Bernie's policies were great, but his messaging was terrible. He spent the entire primary railing on billionaires and the Democratic establishment. That kind of messaging only appeals by and large to young people. It's not reflective of the daily struggles of most people, even if you can trace most problems back to money.
I don't think it's that the country isn't ready for it, I think it's just that Bernie was not the right person for it - or more accurately, his rhetoric and messaging wasn't. Generally speaking, his policies do tend to poll high, but that wasn't really reflected in the votes and I think that's largely down to Bernie specifically rather than the idea of a progressive running for president. Bernie's while schtick was that the billionaires on Wall Street are the source of most or all of our problems.A fair, but most likely accurate assessment, but also one that only appeals to a very specific subset of voters: young, college educated voters and younger people of color. The problem is, you cannot win on that demographic alone, and that kind of fiery, blame the billionaires rhetoric isn't something that most people view as being reflective of their lives. It's impersonal, it's a hundred steps removed from the day to day live of most people, and it's also something that by and large won't end up appealing to a number of key Democratic demographics - which is pretty important in a *Democratic* primary. You can even see this in Bernie Sanders the past couple days. In a time when race and police brutality is the center of the spotlight, Bernie/his media team have made tweets about billionaires. They've tweeted about the George Floyd protests and race relations, but the fact that in the middle of all this him or his media team still fell back to their schtick does say something. As someone said in a reply to one of those tweets, "Not everything is about class." That's the biggest issue with Bernie and one of the biggest reasons he failed. To Bernie, everything is about class. But that's simply not true, and it's not an adequate answer to the problems so many people in our country face every day.
I think Arizona will definitely go for Biden. There's no way I can see Mark Kelly losing his Senate race, and I would wager based on how the polls are - assuming there's no drastic change - if Dems win that Senate seat, they'll win the presidential as well. Seriously, how can anyone vote against a fucking Astronaut??
Honestly I bet if he did that he'd blow up overnight
I'm almost positive their exclusivity contract would have an exception for anything developed/published in house by EA or Lucasfilm.
Because a lot of people on this subreddit feel they are entitled to an exact remake of BF1942 and anything less means DICE devs are lazy and Battlefield is a terrible franchise.
Frame rate could easily be CPU bound, in which case there's not really a lot they can do to improve it.
At least this one is kind of realistic and believable
To add on to what the other guy said, county cops (not sure about LA but at least where I'm from) tend to be a lot more conservative/racist/power hungry than city cops.
Me too. One of the biggest problems of this show has been inconsistent pacing, and it looks like they're finally taking their time to actually let storylines develop and reach a conclusion naturally.
Yeah I wasn't sure exactly how to word it but that's what I'd heard as well. I know the actual in game ships don't have internals but I'd imagine they have dev assets which do have internals
I think it'd depend on the school. At my school we had academic guidance counselors and then more therapist type counselors that dealt more with other issues. Academic counselors were primarily talking to us about GPA/college and as I recall that door was never once closed. But I only ever went in when required for college prep that my school did
Sure edit: no clue how this even got commented, but I made a lengthier reply in another comment
Of course modern engines scale nicely, but when the base tech spec is the next gen consoles, there's gonna come a point where porting to Switch is literally impossible. (Impossible as in any ported game would be unplayable or cut back so much it's essentially a new game). &gt;it means money for the developer. Not if the cost of porting is more than they'd make in profits. Porting games to switch already lag behind their current gen counterparts by quite a lot (we still don't have Doom Eternal) and that's only gonna get worse. &gt;Even unreal engine 5 supports switch. It also supports iOS and Android. An engine supporting a platform (meaning it has the hooks for you to be able to build your game for Switch) does not mean every Unreal Engine 5 game is gonna support Switch. The Switch is still a 5 year old *mobile* chipset that's been significantly pared down from even its original version. We may still see some things the first year or two because you're right, devs won't abandon current gen hardware right away. But to believe that the Switch is gonna be supported by third parties for years to come with ports of next gen games is naive. The Switch can barely run current gen AAA games. DOOM is only technically playable, the Witcher is pared back a ton. Pretty much the only 3rd party ports that run well are ports of last gen games like the Borderlands and Bioshock games.
I mean sure, map wise it would have been nice to get all the maps we got in 1942 (altho I'd argue a combination of dev constraints, outside factors, and poor initial direction prevented that from materializing) I'm not really sure a flat out remake would be all that great. A lot of those maps designs won't hold up anymore. It's the same reason that it's dumb when people in the Battlefront subreddit would complain about us not getting all the maps the OG games have. Like the OG maps fucking suck lol. I didn't play BF1942 all that much but I played the OG Battlefront 2 a ton and those maps, even if they were ported over in their exact layouts into modern frostbite, would not hold up.
&gt;it would be so easy to remake it for the 1942 fans No it wouldn't. Games take a shit ton of time, manpower, and money to make. It's not as easy as dropping assets into Unity and calling it a day.
It's not easy though. It takes time, it takes work, and it does take money. That's not easy. Game development is not easy. That's ridiculous to say that it is.
It unfortunately isn't easy, at least not with a game that old. A map from BF1 would be easy, as the assets are modern with really high poly counts and high texture quality, so all they'd need to do is port them into the current version of Frostbite (as, iirc, it changed between releases) and fix any compatibility/collision issues. With anything older than BF4/Hardline, the assets poly count isn't high enough to even pass as current gen, so all of those assets would have to be reworked. While they do have the map designs and layouts - and old maps have undoubtedly been used as reference before - the actual meat of development is gonna come from the assets/textures, at least when it comes to specifically building out a map. And of course depending on their workflow the actual process of building an asset to shipping it in a map no doubt has some process to it that complicates things. And then of course they have to test each layout, make adjustments for balance, squash map specific bugs (as best they can) and optimize every asset they can before it can ship. With some maps where they can reuse assets from BF1 (as we see in Provence) or from other parts of the game, that time is gonna shorten but it does still take a lot to make a map. And were they to, for example recreate Omaha Beach from BF1942, they'd have to most likely create almost every asset from scratch, and it's very likely they wouldn't even be able to reuse that layout anyway for balance purposes.
No problem! It's always a good idea imo to have an understanding of how game development works. It helps you appreciate the work that goes into it, and makes discussion with developers a lot more productive and reasonable. The more we understand about how it all works - in games and in anything else - the better we are as people, and the better discussions we can have, around everything in game dev from the passion and work that goes into it to the immense crunch many studios are under in order to hit milestones.
I think 30fps for Switch is reasonable if it can actually maintain that frame rate while keeping the resolution up. If it can't do either of those things I'd say it's a deal breaker.
Freddie Prinze Jr could totally play Kanan
Yeah definitely go for Borderlands over The Outer Worlds. Way more content, way better, and performance from what I've seen is solid. It's everything we wanted out of the PS Vita version
&gt;I don't think BFV was as much of a failure as people think it was, but it definitely wasn't a rousing success either. On top of that, the whole ongoing COVID thing has no doubt thrown a wrench in their plans, and caused them to end live service for both their flagship titles within a week of each other, despite every indication from the devs in the months before was that we were still getting content (datamines + at least on the SWBF2 side, dev comments). It's a shitty situation, but you're right that no petition is gonna make a difference. The decision was made, teams have been moved and production is likely full steam ahead for BF6.
I stand by my view that Ezra's story in Rebels with his parents was a thousand times better than Rey's in the Sequels.
I don't think so. Borderlands collection does but not Bioshock
Sam Witwer is my favorite voice actor.
well that was unexpected
Wilford is a real person. The audio she was splicing from last episode seemed to be from a board meeting, and I would imagine Wilford Industries was a prolific company before the Freeze. And as you said, that guy said he shook his hand before boarding. Wilford is almost definitely a real person, someone that all the people in the train had likely seen on TV or in the news or on reddit. I think there's a few different possibilities for what happened to him. 1) He never boarded the train and either wanted to die peacefully, or he has his own bunker of some kind somewhere 2) He was killed at some point after the train started. I think this is unlikely 3) He's in the Drawers. It would explain why Melanie was so mad about Nikki and really needed the drawers to actually work. I think this is the most likely, although I would guess he's in a drawer in first class in the engine room.
Yeah dragging slows down gameplay way too much and I could see it just not end up being used. But crawling keeps it in the control of the player who was downed and gives us the same thing without the medic/squadmate having to pull themselves out of cover. Definitely agree we shouldn't have weapons when downed though. It makes sense in a BR where you only have 1 life but not in a Battlefield game where respawns are so easy
I think it could work without allowing you to eliminate the downed person. The way I would balance it is that when crawling, the speed at which you despawn is similar to the speed at which you despawn when holding the respawn button in BFV when downed. So it's basically only really useful for crawling into nearby cover. Wouldn't be hugely game changing imo. Agreed on no weapons though, that'd be too overpowered.
Oh definitely Melanie realizes that telling people about Wilford being gone would throw everything off balance, but I'm not sold on the fact that Wilford was training/grooming her and that's it. It's definitely possible, but from the way the other Engineer has acted in the Engine, it definitely feels like there's more going on here than we're being told. I don't think she was a thirdie though, I think she was always first class - hospitality, specifically - or else people wouldn't buy that she's speaking for Wilford. I think it's something she genuinely has done from the start. I would also imagine all the other core engineers are also first class - it seems like it's mainly maintenance workers that are third class, but the actual engineers (that we see in the engine) are first, although they also don't seem to leave except when they need to for emergencies. I definitely think the mystery of what happened to Wilford is gonna be one of the driving forces of the show, especially now that Layton knows. We know he'll escape (it's a TV show) so eventually he's gonna either use that knowledge as leverage, or leak it and throw the whole train into chaos.
I'm almost positive even without that, it still would have sold as well. COD is a staple franchise, far more than Battlefield's ever been. It's never gonna have an issue selling, and yearly releases means any dip for one game can easily be made up the next year. Given that Battlefield isn't a yearly franchise, if you're gonna compare lifetime sales, it'd be even better to compare sales of all the COD games which released during that Battlefield's lifespan (or until the end of content, at least).
I too mind control my microwave
I definitely do think they are their own class, but I'd imagine they get all the privileges and maybe even more privileges than the first class gets. Melanie has a computer, and I'd imagine that kind of thing isn't even a privilege most first class seem to have. They also seem to live very close to the engine, so in a way they're further up than even first class. Definitely a question about hospitality though. We never see where they come from.
I don't know, I think the PS Vita Killzone was pretty good. I definitely think it's better than Shadowfall. Uncharted Vita was eh not terrible but not amazing.
Ugh why can't we get anything in a new era. I'm fine with a Rebels sequel - want it really - since that story never wrapped up, but there's absolutely no need story wise for another Clone Wars show. Just like there's no need for an Ahsoka show (that isn't a continuation of Rebels). I want them to actually branch out and explore other eras, not give us more of the same characters and eras we've already seen so much.
Idk, I'd much rather they just make Battlefront more Battlefield like
I won't mind modern day, I just hope they keep the gunplay/lack of 3D spotting from V. If 3D spotting is back it's gonna be a shit time lol
So weird reading those articles, like man I remember when calling Mexicans rapists and refusing to condemn the KKK was the big controversy.
Yeah there technically is 3D spotting (at least for the last year, at launch it was basically not there which was really fun imo) but I am fine with the compromise they have with it. Agreed on melee, the melee system in 1/V is really good. I don't remember if it was in past games, but I love that a melee kill prevents you from being revived. It adds incentive to actually melee someone versus just unloading on them with your sidearm.
I haven't played Terraria on Switch, but I had it on Vita and had a blast with it.
I'm guessing the empty space is a bug right now.
Can't have a 100 season without at least one obligatory modern pop/indie song
403 and a bit in 408 too (when they found the actual bunker)
They had enough suits, but Hope killed one of the Bardo people and they knew that would mean Orlando would give them up
I think it only happens when traveling via the actual anomaly (when it blows up), not through a wormhole
Yeah but it seems to have two different ways of functioning - the Anomaly storm and just a straight wormhole. In this episode they used the Anomaly wormhole (which just seems to make a small wormhole) but on Skyring Bardo's people seem to use the storm method.
I would wager a bet that a lot more work goes into a map made for a triple A game like Battlefield than goes into PS and HLL.
Alie was uploaded to the Ark. She would have had access to equipment which would have allowed her to beam out, theoretically. I remember them making a point about her being uploaded to the Ark but nothing came of it really. I'll try to find the scene I'm thinking of
I'm pretty sure it's the same game. The devs Twitter has Stray as their name. I'm fucking floored I remember seeing that game posted years ago. Seriously thought it was vaporware, this is incredible
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if they lean hard on the exploration. Based on what we're seeing in the trailer, it looks absolutely massive and it looks like we're getting multiple locales - snowy mountains (similar to the first game), a massive desert (probably where we start, given that she'd be going west out of Utah) and a jungle area.
I got another thing to add. It looks like Yosemite is gonna be a location in the game. [In-Game](https://i.imgur.com/lM32iJR.jpg) and [The High Sierra's in real life.](https://i.imgur.com/uKJhnfX.jpg) So for confirmed locations we have San Francisco and Yosemite. The Satellite Array might be Seti (it's big enough) but it's hard to tell. But Yosemite is definitely there.
We also see Yosemite Park. (the shot where she's climbing the mountain)
I'm guessing we start west of California, going from the edge of the current map (edge of Utah-ish) and exploring Southern Nevada, maybe Vegas? and then go through Yosemite to reach San Francisco. Edit: Meant west of the current game, being Utah.
It might be a launch-ish game. There's no date attached to it, so it's either something that could come out soon (End of 2020) but might also be early 2021. Sony doesn't wanna commit and then have to delay it which would potentially affect sales. That, or it's not coming out till 2022 or 2023. But I'm guessing it's 2020/2021
It doesn't look like it's actually corrupted machines. It looks like it's regular machines being chaotic but the actual environment itself corrupting, Terraria style.
I don't think S:MM is gonna be their big launch title. From the looks of it, it doesn't look like it'll be sequel but rather a spin-off/expansion - likely DLC they started working on that blew up. That would especially make sense given the role Miles played in the DLC (constantly popping up).
It could also be the case that they aren't certain they'll be able to hit that date yet.
Yeah I'm pretty sure there were games with 2022 dates so if it were a case of it coming out late 2021/2022 there's no harm in saying it. The only reason I can think of them not putting a date is it's either just barely started development (which is almost impossible, it looks like they have a shit ton of the world built and the gameplay systems built in) or they want to launch it with the PS5, but aren't 100% certain they'll hit that date. Saying it'll be Holiday 2020 then three months from now going "just kidding, Spring 2021" would almost definitely cut into pre-order/launch sales.
Shit, I meant west of the current game. My bad
Yeah I meant Colorado/Utah. My thoughts were jumbled as I typed
Yeah I was watching the trailer and at first was like hm new game that looks fun, then I saw the cat and thought wait is it really? no way, it's probably about the robots. then it kept showing the cat.
Really fucking hope there's freeclimb
I mean other than for upgrades they kind of were pointless to interact with, and a lot of the upgrades weren't worth it until much later in the game where you could just buy the stuff you need. Hunting and a few other mechanics in HZD felt very shoehorned in - like the devs were trying to fill a checklist - but hopefully it improves in the second game. I'd imagine they're past growing pains now.
Honestly had no clue it even existed. I only ever swam when the game absolutely forced you to, it was pointless otherwise.
You also have to remember there's a pandemic and a global recession going on. The fact it was so abrupt is just more evidence that COVID is largely the reason they pulled the plug on both games. The fact the devs were almost done with a loadout system tells me they 1) Didn't want this to happen and 2) it came out of the blue. Typically, I'd imagine that the end of life phase of a games life is planned in advance, with content milestones set for what they intend to have at that point, and enough time to reach those milestones. Loadouts were obviously part of that plan, there's evidence to suggest OT Capital Ship phase was planned, and it's highly likely that Ahsoka and Ventress were both on the table for being added. What I would guess is that either EA wasn't sure that with the pandemic BF6 would be able to hit it's launch date, and did this as a precaution, or BF6's development was already in hot water and the pandemic spurred them into a "all hands on deck" mode to try and save it. (As for why BF2 ended before BFV, I'd imagine that's part timing and part the fact that pushing content is easier on the logistics side for BFV, not having to deal with Disney or Lucasfilm.)
Seems the consensus from reviews that aren't straight 10/10s is that the gameplay is solid but the story ends up being messy and goes on for too long. Not enough to detract horribly from the experience as you and others seem to be implying but enough to be felt throughout.
To add on, I liked this part too. &gt;But when the game gave me more and more information about Ellie’s opponents, painting them as fully realized humans who also deserved to live, the effort felt wasted. I was already convinced that Ellie was handling things the wrong way, and that Joel had made a terrible mistake in the first game. The Last of Us Part 2 didn’t need to force me to kill a dog in order to get me to see that it’s bad to kill dogs. But, of course, it still made me do that. Just to be sure I really got it. I felt annoyed, not reflective. It seems like the game took the wrong lessons from Hotline Miami and - given the comparisons in the Review, Spec Ops the Line. Hotline Miami wasn't criticizing violence. It wasn't criticizing violence as a solution to problems. It was criticizing violence in games, and the fact that games make it so much damn fun. That's why it worked so well - it asked us, why the fuck are you enjoying this? while making it really fucking enjoyable to play. Spec Ops: The Line was the same way. While I suppose you could get the read that "violence is bad" from the game, I think the bigger criticism the game is trying to make is about how videogames have gameified violence, gameified war. Games have turned drone strikes into a mechanic. They've made it fun, and I think that's what Spec Ops: The Line was largely trying to say. TLOU2 though seems to be trying to say that violence is bad, but anyone with a modicum of empathy knows that. It's trying to say something about the human condition that's been said a million times before, something that nearly everyone understands. But I'm not sure that kind of thing works in videogames, when you force the violence. It's trying to say "violence is bad for society" but then only letting you be violent. Violence isn't the solution to your problems, but violence is also the only solution the game is presenting. I'll have to play it to really see how well it holds up, but from what I've seen of the game it doesn't look like it's going to do a particularly good job at actually saying something and having a deeper meaning. Like no shit killing dogs is bad. I don't need a game to tell me that. &gt;Would the designers feel better, would I be less complicit, if I just refused to buy or play the game at all? I'll find this believable if they're actually trying to criticize *games* but it seems like they're trying to make a point about human society and the human condition, and that doesn't hold up very well imo.
As I mentioned in another comment, I find it interesting they called out Hotline Miami as an inspiration but seemed to get the wrong lesson from it. Hotline Miami wasn't ever really criticizing violence. It was criticizing games, and how games have made violence so much damn fun. Same thing with Spec Ops. Videogames have made something which we all know is horrible into something incredibly fun. Making the point "violence bad" just feels hollow. Like no shit. Thank you Naughty Dog for helping me learn something I'd have never known.
It's different though, as it'll be a different subfunction. It seems the main threat isn't corrupted machines but a corrupted environment. It's a blight that's destroying the land itself.
I think that's the environment subfunction (Demeter I think) or the atmosphere subfunction breaking down.
So it'd seem based on all of this, we follow [roughly this route in the game, from our starting point in the first game of Utah through Nevada to California](https://imgur.com/a/cjbau8G)
As others have said, San Francisco is built on landfills.
I'd say it's even worse than The Witcher. You can reasonably play the Witcher 3 and understand what's going on - Hell, I'd think most people did. But based on the story of the HZD, you'll likely be completely lost playing HFW. It's like skipping A New Hope. Yeah you can technically watch it but you won't have any clue what's going on.
Unscored, and to offer a bit of a different take on it than some of the other comments in this thread are offering up about the game's criticisms: What Polygon and others in their reviews have taken away from TLOU2 is that it ends up taking a mind numbingly simply approach (Violence is bad, revenge is bad) and beats you over the head with it. It's not self reflective, it's gratuitous. It's trying to criticize violence in general but forcing that very violence. But rather than acknowledging the flaws in that - and gaming as a medium which has made violence fun - it seems to pretty much just say, "violence is bad." I don't think it's gonna be a bad game, and I'm sure the minute to minute writing and production values will be just as good as the first game, but it seems like it's trying to make some generalized point but it doesn't end up landing. I would imagine it won't detract too much from the experience if you filter that out, but I don't think this game is gonna be remembered ten years from now as a deep reflection about the human condition.
Yeah it's hard to be critical of something that you so tacitly endorse. It'd be one thing to make a commentary on the fact that you endorse it - Violence is bad, and games make violence fun. Games turn violence into a checklist, into something immensely satisfaction. But from the looks of things, the game seems to stop at violence is bad. It seems to refuse to acknowledge it's role in promoting violence as the only viable solution. You can't criticize violence in a videogame without criticizing violence in games. TLOU2 looks like it's trying to be something it isn't, rather than embracing the fact that it's a game and enabling that agency (thus making it's criticisms of violence far more impactful) or explicitly acknowledging a lack of agency, and criticizing the medium itself in a more fourth wall breaking manner.
Could also be in Vegas. It's definitely not in China though. IIRC, Asia was one of the areas first hit by the Faro Swarm, so there'd be no subfunctions, bunkers, or Zero Dawn facilities in that part of that world.
I doubt it. Fully trained and equipped old ones Marines with their all their technology and knowledge of the Metal Devil and it's weaknesses could barely kill them. No way bow and arrow could defeat one.
It'll probably be multiplayer only, mark my word
Hi, DICE CEO here. Thank you Lord EA for giving us the support we need. We will be making a full scale recreation of WW2 including survival so you have to eat. Your player will need to be fed in real time so you'll have to come back to the game every few hours to take care of them. thank you, this was DICE
Unfortunately games like Hell Let Loose and Post Sanctum, at least for me, aren't nearly as fun with the minute to minute gameplay as BFV is.
There is definitely a lot of context we're missing here. what happened here isn't anywhere near as clear cut and obvious as what happened in Minnesota.
No but given the context I'm almost positive it's wrapped up in that.
I mean there are a number of reviews who are saying it's not an incredible game. It's not like it's all 10/10s, though I've noticed it's tended to be the reviews that aren't giving out scores that are more critical of the game.
I feel like people are using a different app from me. Outside of the Music Videos section (which you have to scroll down to see) my YT music almost never recommends Music Videos. I've been using only YT Music since quarantine started, and it pretty much always recommends actual songs/albums. And when I'm on my desktop I almost exclusively use regular YouTube and listen to mixes/video uploads of songs. My YouTube recommendations aren't usually music either.
I noticed that! I'm excited, we might get to see some of the Rebels crew make a cameo in the campaign. In that same scene, you can see in the holo the mini Star Destroyers that only appeared in Rebels. It does make me wonder - will hero ships be a thing? They were in Battlefront, and this makes me wonder whether we might get the Ghost as one in this.
Out on a killing spree, no doubt
I would guess they still probably mean 5v5 with bots. All of the official marketing just mentions 5v5.
The droid has an insatiable lust for Stormtrooper blood.
I think he means for the campaign. Looks like it might be a dual campaign setup
Yeah, and the recommended specs are the same as SWBF2. Safe to say that what we're seeing in the trailers is what cinematics/ultra will look like.
Streaming assets no doubt. The game likely wasn't optimized for that level of streaming.
The only thing I want in terms of armor customization is being able to have a separate visible armor from the armor which actually affects you.
I would love there to be old world weapons like that. It'd shake up the gameplay pace a bit, and would encourage exploration - hiding ammo for it in cauldrons and special caches would force you to actually explore the map.
I'd love to see a more in depth weapon system, with more of a focus on actual crafting - not just the hold X to make more arrows. I'd love if, rather than having access to a bunch of different styles of bows/arrows, we have the ability to use scavenged machine parts to modify the behavior and look of the bow. Right now scavenging feels basic - there's no real incentive to hunt down specific machines, as it will at best let you buy a different bow/piece of armor, but it just feels shallow and once you unlock that bow there's no real point, especially once you've found the two or three bows you end up relying on entirely. I'd love if we had a more granular modification system that let us control specific attributes of our bow and arrows.
I think CYAN could easily be someone Aloy communicates with though. The game seems to be dealing primarily with an ecological collapse, caused by the AI subroutines going mad. CYAN was created specifically to prevent an ecological collapse, so it makes sense she'd make some sort of appearance - likely either at the beginning to essentially kick off Aloy's journey west, or somewhere in the middle.
I think it'd be cool if that were part of an expanded, more dungeon-esque style Cauldron system. I.e., there's a main path through the Cauldron but side paths with their own challenges that unlock further machines/abilities. I don't know, Cauldrons were the one part of the first game that I felt were most underutilized. I'd love a more Zelda or Metroid style approach to them. As it was, they felt like optional side objectives and they didn't have a lot of depth to them.
The more news I see about apps having issues, the more I wish Google and Apple had just made their own app. Still have the API other apps can use but it'd be so much easier if they just made their own, and I'm almost certain we'd see much wider spread adoption.
I mean what have they actually ended though? They've ended obvious experiments - which is kind of expected, the whole point is to see what sticks. They've ended pretty much all their messaging experiments, which is a fair thing to complain about, but at the same time none of them have really stuck. They've kept Duo and integrated it into a lot of Google Apps/Android, which tells me that it's done well and is likely here to stay. They're ending Google Play Music, but replacing it with YouTube Music. And yeah you can point out the differences in terms of feature parity but for 99% of scenarios I'd wager they're feature identical, and YTM is functionally a lot better than GPM. The only big GPM feature not in YTM is podcast support but that's available in Google Podcasts, and honestly if you do have issues with the features of that you're probably better off getting Pocket Casts, as Google Podcasts isn't trying to be a super in depth podcast app. It's intentionally more barebones. I know people like to meme about it (and it is funny) but by and large Google only really ends services that aren't viable. Most of their big, actually used stuff is here to stay.
I truly do not understand how this joke is going over people's head.
Yeah I can't help but keep thinking there's gotta be more to the Drawers than simple hibernation. Melanie seems to care about the Drawers more than anything else. I have the impression that Melanie knows something about the train nobody else does - that the Engine Eternal isn't quite so eternal. The drawers seem to be that backup plan, and 400 is roughly the number you'd want to be able to restart the human race in a genetically safe manner.
There could be drawers in the engine compartment/train cars at the front of train.
I would imagine they were kept early on because the only way to kill them would be to cut the tail loose entirely, and I'd imagine they had that extra space for a reason. They likely figured the Tail would starve themselves out. When they didn't, they decided to at least get some use out of them.
I doubt it. It's likely gonna be more similar to Starfighter combat from BF2 with some more granularity in terms of what you can control.
I mean this subreddit is basically a Star Wars discussion subreddit with no spoilers policy, especially when there's not a lot to leak.
Anyone who says "You're so mature for your age" is someone who is not mature for their age.
I wouldn't say that, (Space) Flight sim, yes, but "space sim" typically carries the connotation of something along the lines of the X series, Elite series, etc. So the person you were responding to probably meant it wouldn't be a space sim in the sense that it'll have trading, exploration, etc.
I wouldn't say it fits the widely used definition of space sim. It might fit flight sim - depending on the flight mechanics - but space sim almost always means something more in the vein of the X series than the X-Wing/Tie Fighter games.
For what it's worth, the game runs a lot better on PC. Not sure about the Xbox One X or PS4 Pro, but when I played it on Xbox One it was not a great experience and had a ton of issues with performance and asset streaming.
I mean yeah that's probably what it's gonna end up being. CP2077 is still just a videogame, developed with all the limitations of every other game this generation. Don't expect a massive leap in terms of what it's like. It'll no doubt be one of the best and most expansive games of this generation, but that's only natural for a game at the end of this console generation.
Yeah, I think with the way the genre has kind of blown up recently, the definition of what's a 'space sim' versus a flight sim has changed a bit.
I would imagine that even having lived on Sanctum, they still viewed Earth as 'home'. Being able to return would mean the apocalypse and all that wouldn't have ever happened, which would mean the Primes would get to return to a 23rd century Earth that's probably wayyy more advanced in tech. Definitely more preferable to living on Sanctum.
I'm assuming they use the same power source as the Sanctum group.
What if the Sunwings are an aerial form of Watchers? They said sunwings 'patrol the skies'
I'm hoping they say hoping for a 2021 release only because of all the uncertainty surrounding COVID as well as just not wanting to get expectations up then have to delay.
I would bet the density of the map will be a lot better tho - it looks like San Francisco is a lot more detailed and to scale than Colorado Springs or Denver were.
Don't forget the dramatic mid climb pause if the jump is too big. Dumbest shit ever, like what's even the point of slowing down a mechanic that's already so fucking handholdy.
Yeah, it's fucking shit. In Uncharted it at least kind of made sense since the game's whole ethos was to be as cinematic as possible, but every game saw the praise Uncharted was getting and decided, "let's take that games most boring, repetitive mechanic and use it in all of our games for an entire generation." I'm so glad games are moving past it as a mechanic, but man am I gonna be disappointed if Horizon still does climbing like that. It's immersion breaking, especially given how reliant it makes the game on visual cues that stick out like a sore thumb in a world. Naughty Dog games are especially bad about it - All you need to search for it the yellow (or light grey) and you know exactly where the game wants you to go.
They might have also been somewhat cautious because of the reaction of the fanbase to that storyline.
We don't know
The Octavio scenes are from when she was missing in Season 6
One of the lines they called out from her memory was one about stopping Alie
That guy is literally the fandom
Good thing is we could have one and only a day would pass on Sanctum! god Season 5 shoulda been shorter and this should have been season 6
Maybe the tattoos have grown in size as the Anomaly has been used more?
She got sent back through the Anomaly at the end of Season 6. We don't know. Presumably on Bardo
IT CONNECTS TO BECCA AND ALIE
THE KEY IS ALIES CHIP
Or it's the Key as in what Jaha called the chip
Clarke was busy in Sanctum, she wouldn't have been near the Anomaly.
Welp I'm rewatching Season 3
Yeah he has no chip so no way to get out. Unless he's still in the Flame
Definitely. He's not dead if there's no body
So Bellamy is alive. Case closed, no need for further discussion. But holy shit we learned a lot this episode. First, these people aren't the Eligius crew. Something killed the Eligius crew. Something, someone, somehow, they all died long before the Disciples made it to Bardo. But now this raises the question, how'd they reach Bardo? Obviously, they have to be Earth, but where was that anomaly stone? Who used it? Bets on Cadogan, but that could be a red herring. The other big point we learned is they are very interested in Becca and ALIE. When first going over Octavia's memories, one of the ones specifically called out was one mentioning ALIE. On its own, that wouldn't really mean much. Just a random line right? Well, I don't think so. They are very very interested in that season. They kept bringing up the City of Light, and they kept bringing up Clarke. I can think of two reasons - she had the Flame, so she knows about the Commanders. But another reason I can think of is that she *was in control* when in the City of Light. Because of the flame, but in control nonetheless. Further, they keep referring to 'the Key'. Weird right? Familiar, somehow...where have we heard that before? Oh, right. In Season 3. Referring to the chip. Everything connects back to that season. From Lexa's tattoo to the Chip to ALIE to Becca, it all connects.
Same shit that Bellamy pulled on Josephine, essentially, but reversed.
I would imagine the Eligius crew had access to habitation domes and other material that would allow them to build up their settlement. But we don't know it was always uninhabitable. From the 'For All Mankind' speech, it almost sounded like the Eligius crew made it that way.
Chiseled is the world you're looking for. He is a chiseled god.
Yeah, I think given time she'll calm down and be 'normal' again.
One thing, I don't think they would have known about Clarke having had a mind drive yet. It seems all their info on Clarke comes from Octavia, and I don't think Octavia knew about Clarke being Josephined.
They might not understand that the Anomaly on Sanctum seems to activate randomly?
Lmaooo Bellamy must have ended up on Skyring somehow and gotten married.
I do think it's possible all the intro sequences come from the Disciples - we thought it was ALIE's drones, but it being the Disciples makes a ton of sense. With the intro sequences starting, it's when they started 'recording' essentially. Before, nothing of note had really happened, but in Season 1, Skaikru come down and everything changes. ALIE has a vessel to enact her plan, Mount Weather is actively interfering. So now the Disciples started 'recording' and thus why we got the intro sequences.
That's definitely a line I'm curious about. Potentially that the anomaly codes used to be shorter? Over time, as the anomaly has been used more, they've lengthened. I'm not entirely sure, but the way they referred to that tablet as being Bardoan tech - and it looked exactly like an Eligius/Earth tech tablet - makes me think the ancient Bardoans were the original Eligius settlers. If not, what happened to them?
Eligius had five dropships. One went to Sanctum, one went to Skyring. Presumably each of the dropships went to one of the five planets. The Disciples came from Earth yes, but we don't know what happened to the three other Eligius groups. Given that an Eligius crew went to Sanctum, and another went to Skyring, it's safe to assume one also went to Bardo. But obviously the Disciples aren't descended from them, so something happened to them and to the other two dropships that are unaccounted for.
Yeah like it's 100% a retcon but still cool nonetheless
With Chopper in Rebels, not only is the droid a total psychopath, but they voiced him really dynamically compared to the other astromechs in star wars and sometimes you can practically here him swearing.
That's a fucking power move, respect
Your kid is gonna be so thankful to have you guys as parents a few years from now, I'm sure
I find that highly unlikely
Have a feeling based on the text of this it might not be. Could just end up being a trailer and small demo with a bunch of press previews again, just like E3 was.
I would guess it'll probably be closer to the deep dive than the 50 minute E3 demo. They don't seem to really like showing the game off.
I don't know, 'New Pokemon Snap' is a game that was just announced. And there was the New Nintendo 3DS. Nintendo has had shitty names for products for a while.
As the other person said, she spent days on there but came back in seconds. But they literally said it in a show - the Bardo people said she'd lose her memories going back to a slower time dilating planet.
Yep, it's the same. I would wager a guess that Battlefront 2 was used as a base for making this game. It's almost definitely Frostbite, just going off the look alone, and it makes sense for them to use BF2 as a base and branch off. Would save dev time I'd imagine
Guessing they pulled the soldier assets from BFV. But yeah it looks like we might be getting more players. 64v64?
I guess so? I'm not entirely sure, I think that's something we'll find out
There was a very very short tease for the next Battlefield in EA Play, if you can even. all it a tease. Basically, it's looking like improved destruction/levolution - kind of obvious, given it's improved across every iteration - and increased player counts. Or AI fighting alongside players, Battlefront style. Or both. It wasn't really clear, just that battles will be bigger, apparently.
Which is a fair thing to be concerned about. We have a lot of Twi'Lek's in live action, not so many Togrutas. There's a lot less for them to draw on for Ahsoka that isn't the cartoons.
Wouldn't surprise me. The BF2 assets are top notch.
Yeah like there's only a few big launch titles we know of so far, and that's unlikely to change. Consoles main selling point right now is basically backwards compatibility. CDPR would be dumb to not capitalize on the lack of new games for the next consoles.
Yeah I love the destruction in BFV. It feels really good to see a sniper in the Church tower on Arras and hit the right point of the tower to make it collapse on top of them. Destruction in V can be really strategic which is something I want to see in BF6
Supposedly 64 is actually an engine limitation. I remember reading it was a while back on r/StarWarsBattlefront when people were talking about mods/datamines
Next Gen is more powerful than a mid tier gaming PC. It's a huge leap, and the current high end PC cards aren't a massive leap up. It'll take a few years for PC to be as ahead of next gen as it is of current gen.
It's possible we'll get most modes like Breakthrough/Conquest staying at 64 players but I could see them replacing Grand Operations/Operations with a 128 player "All Out War" mode. Current maps in the game support 64/32/16 players, so it's completely possible that they can add another number to that mix.
I'm a broke college student, I don't have a choice of getting both. I'm already having to settle for the digital edition of the console since I know it'll be cheaper.
Broke college student. I'm barely gonna be able to afford the digital edition of the console, and shelling out an extra $200 for a 4K TV when I already have a perfectly good 1080p one isn't something I can do. Buying a PS5 is something I've budgeted for and can afford. Buying a PS5 + a 4K TV isn't.
The originals are Disney. Anything pre Disney buyout is actually Disney now, since it was all under LucasArts. So EA wouldn't be responsible for ports of old Star Wars games anyway.
It'd be easier for them to port the remasters over than the old 360/PS3 versions, FYI.
Tbh she's the only one that deserves justice. Someone still playing the Vita that deep into the Apocalypse is a goddamn hero to humanity.
It'd be one thing if the game acknowledges it, Spec Ops still. But it doesn't and the whole messaging just falls flat. Videogames need to have some degree of self reflection if they wanna try and make the player themselves reflect.
I think with Uncharted it wasn't such a huge deal because the game wasn't trying to tell a serious narrative. At least for the first three, it was very much Indiana Jones the videogame. Cinematic set pieces, adventuring, hell even they even had the mythical touch that every Indiana Jones has. Yeah you liked countless numbers of enemies, but the game never tried to flesh them out. Outside of the main enemy of each game, the enemies were simply another obstacle in solving the puzzle of the game. Uncharted was just trying to be fun and have a good time, and like pretty much every game in existence, used violence and videogame enemies as simply a way of engaging the player. It was never trying to be deep or meaningful. TLOU2 is trying to be deep though, it's trying to have a message, but it just ends up falling flat because the message doesn't mesh with the gameplay.
It feels like Naughty Dog saw the praise for the story and thought "plot" when the reality was actually "character." The only reason TLOU worked was because of the characters. They were the focus, not the plot. This game's the opposite.
I mean it's Naughty Dog. They aren't known for innovating in terms of gameplay.
So basically it's torture porn.
I think the Anomaly is definitely more than just a wormhole, but I don't think we'll find out until the Bardo plot is further along
I'd say even more egregious is forcing you do that then basically chastising you for doing what the game forced you to do. The game seems to lack in self awareness entirely and it shows.
No matter what way they took the story in this one, Joel's death was pretty much guaranteed. It's a no brainier and one of the most common storytelling tropes. Father figure character dies in the sequel to further the character development of the child. Doesn't mean the way they did it was good, but I'm not sure why people actually expected him to live, other than the extremely misleading marketing making us think he'd survive a bit longer.
I'm guessing it was more for balancing. A more in depth flight system + first person means 20 v 20 would just end up being a chaotic mess. 5v5 allows for more focused combat and makes it a lot more approachable. 20v20 basically just guarantees new players will be consistently outmatched and quit after a few matches, as happens in Starfighter Assault in SWBF2. (That game mode died in part because of a lack of content and in part because of how unapproachable it is.)
Yep. I mean the entire dialogue surrounding the white phosphorus scene essentially calls this out. The entire game is a meta commentary and it's the only reason it works.
It'll probably be a bit longer before it returns because of COVID. But yes it was already renewed for Season 2
If you wanna feel slightly more appreciative of other countries, a shit ton of American shows are actually filmed in Canada. So it's not all us
Same here. Do I type the "correct way"? Nope. Can I type in a way that allows me to easily react should I need to stop typing mid message? Hell yes, and it's saved me countless times.
Why play that when you could play the Soviet anthem?
I really hope - especially in light of how fucked up everything is - they go a bit lighter in the show for season 4? I'm not sure from a storytelling perspective that a story tonally a rehash of Season 3 (As 3 was of 2 and 2 of 1) would play right. The show's already veering into torture porn levels of misery.
Is your name Maureen?
I'm assuming based on the old tablet and the size/feel of the bunker that it was built by the original Eligius crew. So when they died nobody would have to make any changes to it, as it's already fit for human habitation.
Was it the last planet? where was that confirmed? If anything, I'd imagine the last planet Eligius dropped people off on would have been Etherea.
I would guess maybe Temuerra Morrison confirmed as Boba, possibly? Assuming the leak about him playing a clone in SW Squadrons is true, I could see them confirming that and then confirming his role as Boba in Mandalorian, but then leaving out the potential of him being Rex as a surprise for when the show airs. Confirming Rex would pretty much confirm Ahsoka, but confirming Boba doesn't and I imagine Boba would be something they'd want to spoil less.
I'd honestly be more afraid of another dev taking up BF3 than DICE. Towards the end DICE seemed to moving away from what it was at launch and towards actually making it more in line with Battlefield/the old games. I'm afraid that if another studio takes it up, it'll just end up being more of a Star Wars Call of Duty than a Star Wars battlefield. But also EA doesn't really have any studio other than DICE that makes FPS games. Respawn used to make CoD style shooters with Titanfall and they have Apex, but it seems their Star Wars focus is gonna be Fallen Order.
Yep, I think any other studio handling Battlefront would pretty much guarantee that the next Battlefront is a Battlefront in name only. It's a pretty safe bet that if it were at DICE, we would get ground to space/air combat and large scale Conquest style combat. I'm almost positive they originally wanted to include it but couldn't. But no other developers really make games like that, and so I think if any other studio took that up it'd just turn into a CoD style shooter, which is a worse fate than no BF3 at all imo I wouldn't be surprised if DICE does have BF3 in pre-production, but with the focus on BF6 I'm guessing we won't see it announced till after that game is launched.
People here also forget that games take a while to make. Of the Star Wars games released, Fallen Order is the only one iirc that was in pre-production/development before EA got the contract. When they got the contract, they'd have needed to find studios with free teams that wanted to make Star Wars games, and then hope none of those teams encountered issues in the 2-4 years it'd take to make a game. Obviously some of them did and games had to be cancelled, which is why so few have been released.
Guys behind Apex probably wouldn't be working on BF3. Respawn, that team, is working on Fallen Order 2 and was supposedly working on Titanfall 3 at some point. But I doubt they have much room to add BF3 to their plate. Besides, I'm not sure they'd be a good fit. The Titanfall games were small scale, more comparable to COD, and I'm not sure they'd be able to pull off a Combined Arms style shooter like Battlefront is. And I'd hate to see a Battlefront game that's smaller in scale than BF2. It'd be a disgrace to the franchise imo.
I just need USB-C for me to switch. Pretty much every single device of mine uses USB-C already and I have about a billion cables. I don't need to throw lightning into that mix, especially since it's inevitable that Apple abandons it.
Eh, I can't speak for the Jedi Knight games as I've played very little of them but BF2015/2017 are a thousand times better than the original games. Mechanically it's way more polished - even for their time, BF2004/2005 were not as polished as the Battlefield games. BF2017 especially is a huge step up over the originals and even over 2015. Heroes actually play differently, maps are movie accurate (seriously, compare Kashyyyk in ROTS to the one in BF2005 vs BF2017. 2017 is the movie map and it's incredible) or at least way closer than the old games. Starfighters, while content wise did end up getting a lot less than most would have liked, is still way better than the original games in terms of movement, abilities, and maps. The space maps in BF2005 were laughably bad. Yeah it didn't launch with CQ which is a shame, but it does have it now. And even for their times, the old Battlefront games in particular only were interesting because they were Star Wars. Mechanically they were a thousand times less deep and interesting than their counterparts. BF2142 (released in 2006) has way more depth than either of the Battlefront games, as do it's predecessors.
Nah, for a multibillion dollar company like Microsoft it wouldn't make sense. They had enough fuck you money to try and start their own streaming service and pay for some really expensive streamers to stream there. They don't need the money from Facebook. Them ditching Mixer was a move meant primarily to save money, not necessarily gain money.
I mean it's also just as likely there is some way to cross vast distances of space in short amounts of time, we just haven't discovered it. The universe is vast and for all we know, a hundred galaxies over, people have been traveling faster than light for thousands of years. It's unlikely - but it's still possible.
Yep that's definitely a LOD issue. Expected with this kind of game tbh
You know, I wonder whether, if USB ports are in this game, whether they'll be more similar to USB A or USB C Gonna be real immersion breaking if it's A, tbh might not get the game
Love that fucking outro, 10/10 song
He's probably confusing Defender ATP with the regular Windows Defender. And honestly regular Windows Defender isn't that bad. Like it's not perfect and there's definitely better ones out there but it's really not that bad.
Are we still getting an update to Community Games at some point???
I actually disagree on the limited time game modes, I think it's a great idea and I hope it's something they keep in the next games. It lets them try out new modes like Grind and Squad Conquest and Outpost without there being the massive bloat of modes that's in BF4/BF1. Plus, with the mode being limited to a week or two, it guarantees that there'll be full servers for pretty much the entire duration of it being in the game. I think the biggest issue with the limited time modes was that staples like Rush ended up being limited time modes, and the limited modes often only had a few of the same maps. I think if they tweak the way they work it's something they can do going forward without angering the community, as it is a genuinely good way of trying out experimental modes in the game.
I mean in this case it actually is a pretty unpopular opinion..but yeah this sub is small enough that doesn't really matter
&gt; I hope this doesn't become one of those games where they show so much footage of the game before it comes out that by the time it releases, it feels like you've already played it. Considering they've shown barely any footage, and it looks like this event will be heavily edited and cut together footage like the deep dive video, I don't think you have to worry about that.
The jumping up a mountain won't really be fixed unless they introduce a more free climb system. The whole reason it exists is because the game has no method of climbing, and so people basically abuse the game physics/engine to try and scale areas that aren't even typically designed to be scaled. Horizon very much took the pathed approach to open world design: when it comes to more restrictive areas of the map, there's a set path (or paths) that are the "correct" way and any other way isn't possible, or requires you to basically glitch the physics and character.
I definitely prefer the Bardo/Anomaly storyline, but JR Bourne elevates the Sanctum storyline so much that I've been genuinely enjoying watching it. He's such an great actor, and the only actor on this show I've genuinely enjoyed watching since Henry Ian Cusick. (Not to say I dislike the acting on the show, pretty much all of them are pretty good, but some like JR Bourne, HIC, and Isaiah Washington are just so good that they outshine others, JR Bourne especially imo)
Yeah this is just how help support works for literally any big company.
God I love Diyoza
I love how terrified Miller is acting
Chances are they pulled the setting window from an existing asset that already had the side menu drawn up, and it just happened to have the Bluetooth sidebar displayed. All of these "screenshots" are artist tenders, created in something like Photoshop, and in the case of stuff that isn't changing they're gonna pull from and modify already existing assets from past renders. So these screenshots having mistakes like this means nothing.
&gt;Diyoza ~~in that hat~~ is my sexuality.
It's like when Bell thought O was dead For two episodes. Or was it one?
It's something to do with the Instant On, iirc. So most computers won't be affected
Holy shit
I think with this being the last season she's been more willing to have a larger role.
You only lose it when jumping to a slower time dilating planet
Murphy deserves to live forever
love it! do you happen to have it in 4k?
There are, however they're now a linear progression system and honestly outside of heroes they don't message a huge difference imo.
Basically, as with the first game and the Uncharted series, it's extremely polished but serviceable gameplay that doesn't do anything anything new, but does so the things it does pretty well. It's nothing to win awards or anything but it's not like it's bad. It's good, just not really bringing anything new to the table
I mean Google's whole reason for switching to YouTube Music was for integration with YouTube. GPM doesn't have that, it just adds YouTube videos to it's search, but it's not in any way integrated. A change like that no doubt required massive changes or a rebuilding of the entire back end of the service, and at that point it makes more sense to simply switch, especially since a newly built back end would no doubt be easier to work with. YouTube Music isn't just a UI facelift, it's an entirely new service.
FYI, YouTube Music's limit is 100k songs now
does anyone have a non twitch link to the stream, preferably YouTube? I really don't wanna download and use the shitty twitch app (not to mention the video quality on it isn't the best)
I think the problem with that is all of the dialogue surrounding Bardo/the Disciples indicates it isn't. We know there's an anomaly stone on Earth, but if Bardo is Earth there'd somehow have to be another Second Dawn facility, but then it wouldn't really explain why the Disciples say they were delivered to Bardo. Besides, Bardo is moving faster than Sanctum, and we know from the number of Prime generations that Sanctum is roughly the same timespan as Earth.
I'd imagine it still wouldn't top Navy Seal turned terrorist training though.
Digital Foundry did a vid and said it didn't look like ray tracing was enabled, at least for the footage they got
I'm really good at reading 9:45. Still can't figure out 3:15 tho
Lol no way their online support gets better.
I know you're probably joking but I really really hope worm people or aliens or anything like that is not the case. It'd be too far even for this show, not to mention how absolutely awful the CGI for it would look.
Yes, there were a lot on this sub
Spiderman PS4 does the same kind of thing.
Not really though? Like the game looks incredible, but I wouldn't say its really close to the trailer, quality or style wise.
&gt; Who cares? I mean it's in a post that literally says they're the most realistic eyes they've seen in videogames. Its perfectly reasonable and warranted for their to be disagreement in a post like that. If the post were "Look at how much CDPR has improved the graphics" yeah, okay, but the post is literally saying "These are the best".
Yeah I'm betting this holiday season for Switch is just gonna be Wii U ports. None of their big franchises will have games ready at this point. BOTW2 is at least a year, likely two out. MP4 is the same, but I could see it being 2+ years since they restarted development. If there were gonna be a Pokemon, it'd have been announced by now. So we'll probably get a Mario Wii U port, maybe a Zelda port of Wind Waker. Slight chance for a Metroid Prime Trilogy, but I'd guess they'll be saving that for a "Metroid Prime 4 releases in X months, but download the trilogy today!" kind of thing.
Imperial Security Bureau, actually
I vote Ocean Man
I don't know, I think their most recent album might give that song a run for it's money when it comes to the end of the world...it is called Doom Days, after all (also, shoutout to r/Bastille, it's a great place)
Don't forget the drinking
Anders line still makes sense if Bardo is a different planet. They had the key on Earth (presumably the flame) as they presumably had it in the bunker. But they left for Bardo and the flame remained on Earth. But now with the Flame off of Earth, the key has come back. If they were on Earth, they could have just gone to the surface and fucking stolen it. They have stealth technology and lasers. Grounders wouldn't even stand a chance.
FYI, they'll probably have two separate specs, one for raytracing and one for not raytracing. So recommended raytracing, recommended normal, minimum raytracing, minimum normal. Non raytracing specs will likely still use the 1000 series cards, so probably a 1080 or 1080ti. You're probably right about the min specs tho, 1060 is a popular enough card and close enough to last gen consoles.
&gt;Unless of course if the importance is the merging of the two AIs, the flame and alie I think this might end up being the most important part. If you notice, the specific memory they hone in on at one point is Clarke on the throne with both the flame and the chip. They likewise ask Octavia about the City of Light. A bigger giveaway for me though is that when they're first using the memory capture thing on Octavia, one of the lines that is singled out (alongside the lines about Bellamy) is a line which specifically says something about ALIE. I don't think it's necessarily an in-universe indication, but a hint the writers put in for the audience to pick up on, alongside the more obvious in-universe indications.
I'd imagine they wouldn't do much about Season 5, other than maybe cut scenes with him that aren't needed, but Season 6, if it happens, will no doubt happen without him. That or they just won't release Season 5.
I'd imagine they might just write him out and have a new character, rather than recast. Given where the show is gonna be at the end of Season 5(already filmed) in relation to the books, it'd be pretty easy.
With HZD, assuming you're okay with using the Focus for combat (and if your goal is immersion, that's perfectly fine to use it) the learning curve is about the same as if you had the full HUD enabled.
It's gonna be impossible to enforce on users, but easy enough to enforce on services that a lot of services will either drop US support (unlikely) or comply with the government. Curious to see how Apple will respond to this.
Yeah, it's definitely my favorite implementation of a listen/detective mode. There are pretty much two things that make me hate a detective/listen mode 1) It turns into a follow the trail. The Witcher 3 was really bad about this, and sadly Horizon suffers from this too. 2) It's doesn't make sense immersively in the world. This is one thing I always hated about TLOU's listen mode: it made no sense from an immersion perspective, but because the game was designed with it in mind, it becomes needlessly difficult without it. It felt wayyy too OP but playing without it also felt like you were handicapped in a way that wasn't fun.
Frostbite is part of why Anthem sucks, but there was [wayyyyy more that went wrong in that games development.](https://kotaku.com/how-biowares-anthem-went-wrong-1833731964) I think in regards to some of these issues with BFV, I would guess for the most part they are largely BFV issues, as they don't occur all that much on SWBF2 (Not to say that game doesn't have bugs, all games do, but it doesn't have issues with texture rendering or anything like that as far as I've seen.)
Supposedly, the streets are emptier when you're driving in order to make the driving experience less of a pain in the ass. So you don't have to worry too much about collisions/traffic.
With what this game is drawing from as a source (the pen and paper game) I would really hope that build variety plays a bit of a bigger role in the game than it typically does in shooter RPGS, though.
Not really though. The whole point of YouTube Music is integration with YouTube. Play Music doesn't actually have that, and implementing that would probably require them to rebuild the entire back end of the service.
One word: budget. Notice how even Sanctum, aside the color shift, looks identical to Earth from past seasons? Or how Skyring looks identical? It's still a CW show, so they can't really film outside of the Vancouver area, it'd be too expensive. Traveling anywhere else would just end up looking exactly like past seasons, or it'd have to be super short (like the Nakara scenes) and mostly CG.
Or it's only like three or four people working on this update, probably interns, and so it's gonna take them forever to do it.
Yeah, it's definitely a case of one of his writers probably being a fan. The show's had weird specific things like that before.
Normally I'd agree with you that 4 would probably use a traditional control scheme. But it's Nintendo. For every step forward they take, they'll happily take 20 steps back. Their online is proof of that. (Not the only proof, mind you, but enough for me lol)
For an example that will be relevant to most people on this site (Read: Americans), how we're taught in school (for the most part, there are of course exceptions esp at the college level) that racism and slavery are a thing of the past, that the civil war was over states rights, or that what we did to the native Americans wasn't that bad. At least in my experience, more than just downright denying, the biggest issue in our education has been severely downplaying the repercussions things like slavery, our treatment of native Americans, etc had both at the time and continue to have today.
It has no strategic value, but it has really really good message value. Here you have a planet that was once under Imperial control, and a band of rebels led by, of all people, a fucking Jedi, managed to kick off the entire Empire from the planet. Blowing up Lothal makes perfect sense as a message: You rebel, you die. It may not happen right away, but it will happen. Had the Empire not had Leia as a captive - and thus had the opportunity of finding the Rebel base - I think Lothal would have been one of the first targets for the Empire.
I do think that had the Death Star not been destroyed, it would have been the perfect target after Yavin. A rebellious world that wasn't necessarily fighting at the time, but had broken free of the Empire. Blowing it up sends the message: You rebel, you die.
I wonder whether, as Padawans early on, Jedi would experiment with all the various forms of combat in regards to blade types/numbers, in order to find their strengths and weaknesses, as well as be proficient in all of them.
Yep, I think that's definitely the route they're going in canon. It explains Luke in the sequels perfectly too.
On the other hand, M4A is not the only way to achieve affordable, universal health care. It's not even a method that's implemented wholly by a lot of countries. Because of Bernie making M4A his campaign point (a specific implementation vs just the goal) it's become a litmus test for a lot of progressives: you either support this one specific policy or you're no better than Republicans.
The only good thing the stock market can indicate is that if the stock market is doing really bad, chances are people are doing bad too. But people can do bad when the stock market is doing well, so it kind of doesn't fucking matter
I think you might not have a problem with reddit specifically, but society in general. r/politics is just reflecting that.
to my one and only hooker
If there's one thing you know Biden is genuine about, it's grief. He's lost an adult son, a wife, and an infant daughter. He knows what it's like to lose someone.
I don't deny that, but it's the difference between apps being made by a state sponsoredcl company with known backdoors for the state versus an app developed by a private company that might potentially have backdoors for the government and other actors to take advantage of, but might not.
Really hope the next BF has no tint
A while back I posted some renders of some of the old Brick Battle weapons I remade for a project, and after a bit of a hiatus for school I came back and am in the process of currently remastering some of the classic Brick Battle maps. Thoughts?
Since the trees are destructible, that wouldn't really work and still look good, unfortunately.
