Well. Soren is almost officially Ike’s husband, so I’m glad you went with that :)
It’s not a ship, it’s truth. No one can argue with me on this.
Thank you :)
Mario Maker on 3DS is absolutely worthless and I say this as someone who has had both Wii U and 3DS version. Do NOT buy Mario Maker 3DS.
How is that related to GoT? like okay I understand and hate the guy as well but this shouldn't be on the sub imo
How did they manage to do everything right with Switch in terms of games? This is so bizarre.
It's pretty good. I hate golf games and I enjoy it right now a lot
Pokken's absymal sales have a different reason than that, too.
When did I do that?
I do recommend Rivals to everyone as a Melee and Smash 4 player. It's like Melee but significantly easier to play. Plus, combos are easy to execute so a lot of flashy moments. There's parry but eh, it's not a dealbreaker. If you're looking for a very casual version of Melee, this is definitely your game. I enjoyed it for like 40 hours, so I definitely got my money's worth. :)
I don't know how that ended but considering it's Sega I'm confident they messed up lmao
The only redeemable quality the main char has is that he is cute...
I think you misunderstand the point...
OP didn't know that.
I got cancer from this comment
shit quality post
I do :(
It's sad that you went through his post history...
Are you blind? Mercy wasn't picked that much in competitive play above gold.
You kill rezzed people... There's no counterplay to many very things in games. Not everything has to have VERY OBVIOUS and counter-able things. There's no counterplay to Mei's blizzard completely covering entire objective during overtime. You just pray no one kills you in that time. That's how it is.
Old Mercy was a decision making hero. And was a very big gamemaker. New Mercy is just "you got a pick? let me rez it" "teamfight started? I'll just fly and keep healing" they dumbed down Mercy, and destroyed her
Mercy can't playmake anymore. She was a great hero. I know OW dev team is too arrogant to ever realize this, but I wish they reverted the changes back to how she was right before they gave her Valkyrie
Tactically? How is rezzing the first person who got picked in a teamfight a tactic?
OW dev team is way too arrogant to ever do that. Sometimes even best designers make mistakes. Why is it so hard to admit? Honestly if Mercy was reverted back I'd start playing OW again. I know it's just one mistake out of many, but at least it would mean there's hope.
He's exactly saying that. Old Mercy was fun and impactful. New Mercy is not.
&gt; It was only lower tiers complaining that made her change. The reason why OW is dying. Have you seen queue times? They balance the game around lower level players. What they don't understand is low level players will play the game no matter what unless something is way too frustrating. Mercy wasn't. OW dev team did MANY things to balance the game around low level players, and went against their own game design philosophy sometimes. Unbelievable.
More people quit the game after Mercy was changed to Valkyrie, I can assure you that LOL
Not really. If it was that big, everyone would be picking Mercy. She had healthy pickrate and winrate.
Yeah... She had healthy pickrate and winrate. It existed since beta and it was never meta dominating, including the period of time you're talking about
https://www.overbuff.com/players/pc/StaleGren-2147 Former Master player, don't play the game anymore though
Fun times indeed. Braindead DPS players(myself included) had to actually strategize and do some ult management with the team in order to win. I miss old Overwatch, a lot. I don’t even play anymore and I say this as a super loyal player since beta. I’m like level 1000 with over 900 hours. Yet the amount of hours I put into the game gradually got lower since Blizzard started doing idiotic changes(started with Ana’s dmg change and Roadhog’s false balancing, worst offender being Mercy)
Here we go again... Do I have to explain it? It’s not that people can’t get out of it. It’s that it’s big enough to cover entire objective in OVERTIME, which means people are supposed to stay in the objective. If you stay in it, you’ll most likely die
You get glucose from anything... Your body can turn anything into glucose lol
I think people should have the right to hate their country regardless lol. It’s THEIR country. A person can hate their home
...What?
Oh ok. It's not forbidden to be atheist and hide it. I do it all the time
&gt;"criticism" It doesn't make it any less of a criticism when you put " at the start and the end of the word.
Why are you constantly trying to shut down any criticism OP gets? Can't you fuck off and let people speak? You're seriously being toxic and disrespectful
Shut up please. You're making noise in the thread. No one needs your comments that add nothing to the discussion. Let people discuss and you watch.
Garbage
Yeah there are tons of goofy animations...
You need help
You're mental lmao
&gt;Yes, it is a criticism, but it doesn't help or contribute to the player improving. It doesn't intend to????
The point of it is to say what's in their mind truthfully and honestly.
Yes I did. And?
and... like... the entire world except 2-3 thousand people
or just use Statis+ on him and headshot, he'll fall and you'll destroy him later
The only problem I have with RD is Ike is kind of less incredible looking. I think in PoR he looks better.
Not buying the game is punishing himself?
He does have a point though. Ultra SF2 was a cancer ass cash grab game
No he'd rather they announce this earlier so he could avoid getting the lesser version. Stop arguing with him when you know he has a point. Capcom did a predatory shit and pulled tricks on customers with this. They literally released a lesser version of the game and made it the only SF game on Switch for a year so that fighting game fans got it bc they had no other choice. Now they are selling that game and 11 more for the same price. It's toxic business, but it's so Capcom. Don't argue with your fellow players. You should aim to always take stance against companies, especially if they are notorious for their tricks like Capcom.
Someone liking fighting games as a genre doesn’t guarantee them liking Street Fighter games. I love fighting games genre but dislike Street Fighters. Reply when you comprehend this statement, I’ll be waiting.
I don’t dislike Street Fighter, but I grew up with Marvel vs Capcom, Darkstalkers, Smash Bros. and Tekken. Would you say those games are worse than SF? I’m 22 btw
In SF?
HAHAHAHA ok good one lmfao
that's not how you spell anime
...They will improve on it just like they did with every game? More characters, new modes, scrap some things, add new things. There are a lot of to work with
How can you speak for them? Lmfao
It's not why they were disappointed. They just kept going on and on with the ARG forever.
What???
Because I saw it with my OWN EYES and I'm speaking for the people I saw speaking. You're speaking for the people that plays it as a party game. Do you know how big of a crowd that is? You lack basic logic dude.
I completely agree with you. The game is embarrassing. I **bought** it, because I love JRPG games. I love FF, I liked Xeno X, and Xeno Chronicles on Wii. However, this one... is just so terrible. Horrible face animations, characters are universally ugly(models), exceptionally bad dialogues. Fanservice is laughable, even for me because I love fanservice, I'm a sucker for it. I play most FE games for fanservice only. But this one... firstly, there is no fanservice for straight girls or gay guys, it's just one way. Also, even if I was a straight guy, I'd still have big problems with how cheap and ridiculous fanservice is in the game. It's insulting almost. The game literally treats you like a basement dwelling neckbeard. It's embarrassing to play it. I dropped the game after painfully putting 30 hours into it. Not the kind of playtime I expect from a JRPG. Though, I disagree about combat system. I think it's good. Not as good as say, FF, but it's good.
Yeah, that's correct. Fanservice is not a bad thing imo. Unless it's done like XC2 of course
I think they can add some replayability with Hard mode and stuff in the future, but yeah. All they can really do is add new moves to old copy abilities, add new copy abilities, add some new mini games(which they almost always do). Still, they're definitely finding ways to mix things up. For instance, Robobot was a good idea. Before that, we had super power ups in Return to Dreamland. Now, we get combinations back as well as a multiplayer focused gameplay.
Yeah nope costs money!! NEXT!!!!!!
lol good one
But you have to care, idiot. If even some Xeno fans don’t like the game it means it’s not good
lmfao you need a brain
This direct was great, so is Odyssey DLC. Pokken DLC can suck my dick though.
Lol that, too
I have no idea why developers act like every character is worth a bag of gold. They're not only so extremely stingy with them, they also sell them at this price. WTF? Smash 4 characters were sold like 3$ each and Smash is INSANELY popular. Who do they think they are??? Seriously, Pokken is a decent game, but devs are absolutely hilarious.
I had a Wii U only for Smash and I did miss out on a lot of games. Fire Emblem Warriors is meh so I didn't get it and I always said to myself I wish Hyrule Warriors was ported because it looks great. And it did get announced and I'm hyped as fuck, even as a Wii U owner. Also, it's Nintendo's fault that they're not giving Wii U players a discount on games they already have, I think that's the main reason why Wii U players are disappointed
Would you agree with this? S tier(System sellers)= Mario, Zelda, Pokemon, Smash A tier(Big sellers)= Donkey Kong, Kirby, Yoshi, Animal Crossing B tier(Decent sellers/niche)= Wario, Metroid, StarFox, Fire Emblem, Splatoon, Tomodachi, Pikmin C tier(discontinued)= F-Zero, Tomodachi, Brain Age, Nintendo Land, Game&amp;Watch
If Xeno X actually comes to Switch, there will finally be a good JRPG to actually pour hundreds of hours into :) Can't wait
Nice
Why would it be nonsensical for me to think that gaming is not a good thing?
Good tier list. Reasonable and agreeable
Well, it's not that easy dropping hobby of a lifetime. I'm doing my best to drop it, of course
You’re immature because 1)passive aggressive 2) constant assumption 3)belittling me Go figure now.
Uuhh firstly I wasn’t talking to you and secondly whatever you do in your personal life is none of my business. Being rich is not a life goal to me(it’s probably related to me not being an American), being happy is. You have done a shit ton of assumptions there. I don’t think gaming is a good hobby, because it doesn’t “add” anything to you besides pure time waste. I’d hate to brag but I’m a person with many talents(music, dance, painting and some others) and gaming wasted them all for such a long time in my life. Gaming was the easy way out when I was bored or had too much time in my hands. Thousands of time that I could otherwise spend productively AND have fun at the same time. Yet the gaming offered me only the latter. Sure it was fun, but there were better options and I chose gaming because it was convenient and involved less social interaction, which means no chance of being rejected or no risk of being funny unintentionally. And now I observe this on so many people that, well, this is true. Gaming is a time waste, and many people like me could do so much better in life and for themselves if they just didn’t play video games. Am I going to stop playing? Well probably not for sometime. But I did make a lot of progress. I never said my opinions are fact, mind you. All I did was just say my opinion.
Thanks for doing this!!! We needed it
Dude diss mario tennis all you want but Kirby is like... the average player is 30 yr old or something lol. Consistently good platformer since Kirby’s Dreamland series. They’ve done a good job. It’s also 6th most expensive Nintendo franchise. 4th being Smash and 5th Mario Kart. So yeah
9P is good!! It’s especially good with friends. :) Definitely recommend it
9P is good!! It’s especially good with friends. :) Definitely recommend it
Why? What did I say to look like one?
I know I shouldn’t be. Opinions or experiences are not welcome in this sub. IDK, nothing better to do I guess
Yeah it’s probably my poor priorities and time management. Though video games do tend to try to make you stay around for a bit more when you want to quit. Thanks for the good reply.
What is beautiful about it? It's not relatable, if you weren't born in a capsule lmao
What do you expect from a country which is majority Muslim? I think everyone knows by now that Islam is not a capable religion and should've long been destroyed, just like every other religion. But *specifically* Islam.
You shouldn't remotely defend Islam in the slightest, not even resemble defending it to be honest. But yeah, it's more than Islam, of course.
That's great to know. Anyone knows?
Could do better Source: Bosnian
I don't think it can compete with Odyssey, but it has pretty good music indeed.
You're seriously a great OP. Thanks for sharing your beautiful art and being so kind/down to earth at the same time.
Amazing
Youtube is like the lowest of the low and I love it
I'd love them to, but you know they DID say they can't create pure perfection, which Ike is.
Oh my god. What the hell? I did secret santa like 3 times and mostly it's decent gifts but this is beyond good. This is like... unbelievable... I'm just blown away
Modmail is not really useful on this sub. All you do is make excuses lol
I think time logs are accurate..? IDK why your friend has had a problem but they're more or less accurate. I don't think if he played 90 hours it'd show 130. It never happened to me at least. Nintendo can't make a proper time log because the only thing Nintendo can do properly are video games.
No problem mate :)
Not even just text chat between friends, it's just retarded and BEYOND unacceptable.
Because when they do you just find an excuse and are not friendly enough? I literally contacted you about my Furi review post which was removed because it was discussed recently, which is a good reason to remove a post normally, don’t get me wrong. I told you I understand why you did it then I asked why you’re not doing the same for never ending Xenoblade review posts for the sake of consistency and you told me it’s not the same in the shittiest attitude and ended the conversation without giving a satisfactory response. If you don’t want to allow meta posts, that’s fine. But don’t expect people to comfortably interact with you via modmail if you treat them like that. If you want I can screenshot and put the conversation here and you can see how nice I am towards the mod and the response I get. It’s not like I was being an asshole about it.
Well, I'd love to follow that too. I'm open to any kind of art.
I want something cheaper :(
It feels like unnecessary money and I'm an university student. Why get SD card when I can just delete the games I finished? The games that can be played over and over stay there(Splatoon, Pokken, NeuroVoider). The games that are finished once they are finished gets deleted(Odyssey after 100%, Azure Striker, Slime-San) That way I avoid paying for SD card
You’re right. No problem mate &lt;3 Have fun with Kirby :)
What even are you saying dude? I already explained that the reason why I don’t want to get an SD card is bc I’d rather spend my limited free money on games rather than an SD card which does nothing extra for me but just provide slight convenience. Do you need the third time to understand this?
ok that's legit ridiculous. needs to be fixed..
that guy is hot af
wow being fat is worse lol
In my opinion the best game of all time is Mario Galaxy 2. That's just me though. You should experience it, and I pray it comes to VC eventually.
&gt;This world had so much negativity it's sickening. You were doing good until this..
It only makes it worse to try look like you didn’t care what reasonable criticism you just got. I know you did, you know you did. So stop being a clown lol Bye
Jesus shut up with your shit attitude
You're not entitled to be disappointed in us. Lmfao
Er... except it does. How can you say it has NOTHING to do with it? It has something to do with it at least, even if it's not 100% same.
Aww you’re cute :) Good work with okays, even though you didn’t bow, lol
Yup. Basically
This would be believable if you didn’t write the last part about seeing them again on a flight. But because you did, this is now /r/thatHappened
I’m sorry but all I see is a slower system. I agree that eShop needs a remake but not at the expense of more flashiness. Switch OS is not flashy and that is the best part of it.
Lol I’m sorry but anyone in their right mind shouldn’t be okay with this DLC. I mean, no offense but we already had an INCOMPLETE game on Wii U, and they only released a slightly better version on Switch. Also, one character is not a *wave* of content, and it’s way too expensive for what we get. Smash had DLC too but you really got your money’s worth. IDK why Pokken devs think ONE character is worth so damn much. It’s not. I am ok with paying like 4$ for every character honestly, more than that it’s a scam. Which most people think Pokken was the biggest scam Nintendo pulled on us on Wii U. It’s only now a complete-ish game on Switch and they announce expensive DLC. Nintendo is out of their minds with Pokken. They act like it’s selling like hotcakes. It’s not. They need to humble themselves a bit about this game. And help us out a little trying to justify price tags they put on it despite the lack of content. Like I really want to love a Pokemon fighting game it’s a dream came true but they are making it VERY HARD for me to justify the decisions they’ve done.
Don’t give him the attention. He’s an attention whore and he did this until he got banned from /r/smashbros permanently. You can ask him if you don’t believe me. He DID get banned. Because he constantly writes irrelevant tail-related stuff and acts like he is obsessed over them until he becomes an unfunny punchline in subreddits. He’s done this in smashbros and then pokken and now he is here.
Smash’s final version has just so much viable characters it makes me believe they did it right. I love Pokken so much that I bought it twice god’s sake. But just when I thought they did at least ONE thing right with the damn game, they managed to 15$ their way into my disappointment. Un-fucking-believable. Also, Smash patches’ focus was definitely competitive balance. Otherwise why would they change Ike’s neutral aerial landing lag from 14 frames to 12? How would that contribute to any other mode but competitive play? This and many others like it. They didn’t make any other kind of changes but only like this. Anyway I guess I am just disappointed and almost felt like I got scammed by Nintendo this time. Only TWO characters on an already small roster and we pay **15$**, bloody ridiculous. Oh btw wanna play Pokken some other time? I’d love to get my ass kicked. I’m not extremely casual but still pretty amateur.
I did and I like his post history. I wish more people expressed the very much needed negativity about XC2 on this sub. The amount of sheer, blind positive reviews for this game is very misleading. The game is amazing to some, and obnoxiously bad to others. We need to hear from both groups. But all we see is “Xc2 is the best game of all time” posts and it gets boring.
Of course! Kirby has many fans from all ages. My 30 year old friend told me there’s now a reason to buy Switch now that Kirby has come out. It’s the 5th biggest Nintendo franchise(4th is Smash) so Kirby is huge and sells like hotcakes. Definitely a big playerbase for it and we’re all hyped. Kirby games are a ride. And we all gotta enjoy it once it comes out.
I’ll be available sometime late Feb as well. I’ll PM you, yeah? :) Thx for the link too
Because they’re GOTY level games while XC2 is a game with many problems.
Mario (564.86 million) Pokémon (294.69 million) Wii Series (202.91 million) The Legend of Zelda (84.92 million) Donkey Kong (56.1 million) Game &amp; Watch (43.4 million) Super Smash Bros (40 million) Kirby (35.78 million) Brain Age (34 million) Animal Crossing (32.4 million) Nintendogs (28.25 million) Yoshi (24 million) Wario (22 million) Metroid (17.44 million) Star Fox (12 million) Big Brain Academy (10 million) Fire Emblem (10 million) Tomodachi (9.46 million) Splatoon (8.5 million) F-Zero (5 million) Pikmin (5 million) Nintendo Land (5 million) This is how expensive all Nintendo franchises are but some of them are exclusive to one system(wii sports, nintendo land, tomodachi) or are no longer relevant or as popular/high selling(game&amp;watch, DK, F-Zero) therefore when you remove them from the list you get this 1)mario(kart included) 2)pokemon 3)zelda 4)smash 5)kirby Kirby is an A tier Nintendo franchise(must-buy level). While mario zelda pokemon and smash are S tier(system seller level) so it’s pretty good You can check all rankings from vgchartz :)
Yeah but one fringe opinion doesn’t mean shit when the entire world KNOWS how objectively well designed both games are and they’re nominated for the most prestigious game awards. Things like this aren’t subjective mate. There are many objective qualities for a game to have. You may not personally like it but there is game design theory, which puts established rules on how a good game is made. Botw and Odyssey are both masterpiece-tier games, objectively, whether you like them or not. How good XC2 *is* highly subjective, though.
Hahahaha go back to watching anime dude
People know there’s a loading screen(you get it if you go into the game while in airplane mode) They just WANT the loading screen instead of spam A.
I’m sorry but this thread is a bit depressing. E3 is 5 months away, guys.
Time to install the app again to get Ike
Tomahawk is baiting shield acting like you’re gonna do an aerial, but landing and grabbing instead. Jump grab is avoiding a ground move using a jump and then fastfalling and grabbing the opponent. Two completely different things.
No I didn’t. Tomahawk means baiting shield acting like you’re gonna do an aerial on shield, but landing and grabbing instead. What I said was avoiding a grounded attack by jumping and then landing and grabbing them. I know my Smash terminology 😅
&gt;The intent is to make the opponent believe an aerial attack is coming and cause them to raise their shield (making the technique a bait) That’s not what I suggested doing vs Little Mac when I said jump grab. It was to avoid his attack.
Okay? That’s why I didn’t use a special term for it and simply said “jump grab” which literally just means jump and grab. People corrected me saying there’s a special term for it called tomahawk, and I said no there is not. You’re now defending my point.
Mullets were cool
&gt;our tracer says see we’re fine Anything that’ll keep her on Tracer
Jahahah 😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭
Widowmaker is the ultimate Pharah counter and if you have a Widow in your team and Pharah lives they need to immediately swap to Mercy
Ur amazing cummy
You asked, I responded. No need to be petty.
Which everyone knows by now that 50$ is preferable. I’d rather have the experience I’m looking for perfectly by paying too much than have a half-assed experience, paying little.
Nintendo 3DS users immediately saw this lol I know I did
Sacrifice had to be made
Normally you would be SO right. Because all youtubers make cancerously long videos and they’re literally time thieves stealing from your life. This however is not one of those cases.
If he has a tendency to punch people, with or without malice, he cannot walk around freely. Yes it’s sad that it has to be like this but I feel TERRIBLE for that woman. I feel worse for her than I feel for the kid.
I feel so sad for her. My heart is aching. I hope she’s okay. I also hope she gets rehabilitated for this. So upsetting.
Plus the theme was very meaningful, and it was very empowering because Ike is gay and the whole game is about minority rights and prejudice and how bad it is etc. It’s my favorite FE game of all time for sure
Well, I think it was very obvious but you just had to look for it. They clearly couldn't directly say it but it was HEAVILY implied so many times in both games. I'm a gay guy and at my first playthrough I knew something about this game was different from the rest of the FE games but I couldn't really put my finger on it, but I knew this game was somehow out of ordinary because the story didn't follow a classic FE story where protagonist eventually marries the opposite sex and they live happily ever after. Then at the ending it hit me and it hit me hard. The second game my opinion about Ike being gay was very clear but I still turned back and played the first game again. I couldn't believe it. All the proof was there but I just couldn't see it because I think I never believed a main character of a video game could be gay. Keep in mind I was like 15 or 16 when I played this game for the first time(I'm 22 now) and I was very much in the closet.
Have fun mate :)
&gt;I can show you the literal in-game text that disputes everything you just said please do. &gt;It also doesn't help you're outright ignoring the fact that Ike has a descendant with his headband, cape, and sword in Awakening It's never said that it's his child. It could be Mist's child for all we know. "Descendant" is an ambiguous word, chosen carefully just like everything else about Ike. &gt;Ike could very well be gay as a rainbow and I wouldn't care. The problem is that you can't say that he is and act like it's factual when it's not. I never acted like it's factual, I also acknowledged that it's not canon in my previous comments. Yes I understand the rest of your comment and I agree with you but I don't know how that contributes to your point. I didn't think Ike was gay because of Radiant Dawn, I thought Ike was gay at the ending of PoR. Then again, I never claim it to be factual. The game being about self-acceptance, minority rights is factual however. That, and ambiguous writing about Ike's sexuality, his feelings towards some of his male company, his disinterest towards any women throughout the story and not ever marrying a woman at all seems all too much like a coincidence. Even if Ike isn't gay I'd say devs intended to create confusion.
Customer support has acknowledged that I wasn't gamethrowing or being disruptive in a traditional sense. They admitted to banning me for one-tricking, which is the real problem here. They acknowledge I'm trying to win, and they know they shouldn't ban people for one tricking, but they do anyway.
&gt;switch when you're being useless Smallest mistakes cost you games in Grandmaster league. If I was being useless at anytime in any game, I wouldn't have 61% winrate. You're really part of the problem if you are teaming up with hypocrites. They acknowledged that I got banned for one tricking, not for disruptive gameplay, but they didn't remove my ban. They go against what developers say, and they do it willingly.
“You’re doing amazing sweety” Is that from the famous video a girl is showing her ass to a crowd from the window and her mom says ur doin amazing sweety?
I think this is satire. Way too stereotypical and /r/thathappened
What the HELL is a normal chick?
Pls dont jump cummy 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
MANY of their decisions make sense now
Nice.
You all want to suck Justin’s dick and you know it I know I do
eating meat is unhealthy sweetie?
I’m the drag queen why are you so bitter to everyone? :&lt;
It's literally the entire gameplay of Bayonetta games lol the games REVOLVE around Witch Time...
this comments are the worst a post that points out spam is not contributing to it
Yes you're right. S tier means SPECIAL tier. It means characters that are way too powerful compared to others. In this case, 7 characters cannot be in S, because if none of them stand out relative to each other, that means the game doesn't have *special* level characters, which means they are all A+. S doesn't mean best, S means something exceptional. It's not arbitrary. All tier lists or games use this rule.
It's relaxing and endless progression. Plus you get emotionally attached to characters.
LETS FUCKING GO
You have an arbitrary self-made definition in your mind and I have the correct one. Google joke characters in fighting games. Also, it’s not used because it’s a tradition. It’s used because it’s traditionally seen fit so. It was seen fit since long ago and nowadays it’s still seen fit. You’re making arguments based on what you believe is the definition of a joke character and unfortunately those are invalid. What do you mean joke characters “doesn’t work”? What doesn’t work about them exactly? The last time a game designer looked at a game like you did and saw characters as just functions for eSports was Marvel vs Capcom Infinite which died in 2 months. Melee is thriving for many years now. It’s a legendary eSports game and watching Pichu vs Falcon (wizz vs m2k) is still fun as fuck.
No. smUsh will NEVER be a thing. It will be Smash Ult, case closed SSBU, Smash Ult
Its like overwatch but with more content
your* hair
Fucks fate? You made multiple typos
HAHAH did you actually play Overwatch? Mercy was NEVER meta “back then” . Season 1 Lucio and Zen were OP, and then we had Ana meta for 3 seasons. When exactly Mercy was meta except beta days? You are blatantly lying. Rez was a balanced ultimate, it was unfun to play against and that’s why it was changed. It was a change for the sake of design, not balance.
No it wasn’t that bad. There are more annoying things in the game now. I actually am glad I joined OW during Beta so I experienced some of the best iterations of it. I legitimately feel bad for people who had to play dive for 6 seasons and still think they are playing a video game.
Blizzard generally wanted to take supports out of “healbot” category and give them so much utility to make them fun to play. But they seem to have dropped that idea now. In Heroes of the Storm, all game making potential from almost every support has been nerfed in one patch, now they are all healbots. I feel like same is happening to Overwatch. I remember old Zen, Lucio, Mercy. Those heroes could make some plays.
Dive didnt exist back then and teams without Mercy still won. Actually, Mercy wasn’t even meta for more than half of her lifetime when she had rez because other healers were better.
Yes because it actually was perfectly balanced. Changing rez wasn’t a balance decision, it was a design decision.
&gt;I like your attitude &gt;lets teach them a thing or three constantly the same phrases over and over again got repetitive, you probably know all XC2 quotes without playing the game at all thanks to chair rocking people of this subreddit
It worked with Roy. Ridley wasn't a meme.
I like Shulk though.
Lol but it is Roy is popular bc memes now... it applies to 1 year ago
I don’t. I’m living in a better part of Middle East but that doesn’t make it any less dangerous honestly. I wouldn’t get thrown off a building but I probably would be stoned or if not heavily beaten periodically if people found out. Only one or two of my bestest friends know. It’s a hellish life really.
It wasn’t a troll. It was making fun of emoji writing style, that’s not trolling. &gt; Trolling used to be a goddamned art-form... Enough internet for today
When will people learn not to trust this sub? It took me ages too but I learned now. Xenoblade 2, my most regretted purchase so far, expensive af too. and Celeste, decent game. I still wouldn’t buy if the sub didn’t hype it up so much. Please don’t trust this sub. Everything is hyped beyond comprehension and very irresponsibly.
then they should just let the player see the playtime and not others?... So many simple fixes that would go a long way, of course Nintendo won't make those fixes because video games are the only thing Nintendo is great at, anything else they act like imbeciles.
wait, deleting play history doesn't delete playtime? they just come back once you restart a game?
that's not true.
Yep. Endorsements will actually work in the future like extra lootboxes or cheaper skins etc. Reddit karma does absolutely nothing and people still care about it. Endorsement is definitely gonna work.
Hahaha i mean story is good so hopefully if you’re into them you’ll still enjoy them regardless
Ok so ur bi Thats not majority gay Thats bi...
&gt;thinking Gamefreak aren't mediocre developers that actually got lucky with Pokemon They have good "idea guys", and Pokemon came out in the right place at the right time in video game history. However Gamefreak has always been mediocre developers in terms of game design. Pokemon games are sold for AAA price without having ANY AAA content to justify it whatsoever. Bad graphics, lazy storyline, no story tree like other RPGs, no complex battle system, bad balance(metas usually revolve around one Pokemon), horrible nostalgia abuse. The only redeeming quality Pokemon games have are good music, and some good character designs. So I'm not gonna say Gamefreak don't have **any** qualities going for them, but in every other department they are mediocre at best.
Doesn't make sense. A game can cater to multiple audiences. Masahiro Sakurai also thought Smash was meant to be played casually, but look at Smash Ultimate now. There was demand for competitive Smash, and Sakurai delivered. Still, most of Smash Ultimate is still casual content, like 80% of the game is still casual. But competitive side also very much got what they wanted. Everyone is happy with the game, and it's OOZING content. This, of course, takes a *good* developer.
Gamefreak needs to stop being greedy and hire some actual designers and devs who know how to make games. I know Let's Go hate is a circlejerk at this point, but I **honestly** think that game was made by interns or something. It lacks Nintendo polish. It perfectly represents Gamefreak polish/lack of content though :)
If they weren't an indie company perhaps they could make futureproof models, but still edit them in such a way it doesn't make 3DS lag. I'm sure they didn't have money and resources to do that though :/
Well 2D looking games, I can agree. 3D ones however, I really don't. They look terrible imo, especially for their league. They are AAA games.
He never made a Pokemon game before but I am firmly certain he could do a significantly better job than whoever is making them right now.
Yes but that still means the games weren't optimized properly. Gamefreak is not an indie company, they have every resource and money to fully optimize their games even with futureproof models. They are just greedy and lazy for not doing so, and they have bad priorities.
Yes that was the joke :) They are one of the biggest media companies in the world.
Not polished means not having Pro Controller support. Bad looking game, mediocre graphics compared to other AAA even a lower budget title like Kirby Star Allies look VERY good compared to it, I'm not even comparing it to Breath of the Wild or Mario Odyssey. Ride Pokemon and follower Pokemon constantly go in and out of the pokeball due to how little they thought about implementing this feature, so they took the easy way. The region is small, uninspired, nothing new going on(the only interesting "remake" was the Lavender Tower Marowak storyline, everything else was carbon copy) Gamefreak in general: No difficult settings for GENERATIONS now. No quality post-game content(ORAS post game was sad compared to Emerald, which was a gameboy advance game), cash grab Ultra Sun and Moon. 140 people dev team for an entire game, which is an absurdly low amount for ANY triple A title. Legendaries are uninspired, given to you in Pokemon Centers. Relying on nostalgia too much. Questionable design trends regarding Pokemon (Incineroar is a character, not a Pokemon) A lot of things about Pokemon games are clunk and just straight up uninspired. They do 100 wrongs for every 1 right. /u/Theniallmc
Sorry about that! Here's the new invite: https://discord.gg/cF9TfkK
Probably classic as samus, classic mode takes like 5 minutes now
Masuda is retiring and Let's Go are his final games
Nope. Not going to doubt Sakurai even for a second and won't even think for a minute that he's going to put Sephiroth in Smash. He won't disappoint us that badly.
Just because you personally can't understand it, doesn't mean it's not happening to other people. In my country, barely anyone plays Switch at all, and online play is a **huge** part of my experience with games. Switch makes me extremely upset because it's taking away like 60% of my enjoyment from games just bc it's lacking one simple feature that even Dreamcast(1998) had, go figure.
Dreamcast had native voice chat in 1998
Does it matter what other guys might wanna see?
I want BDSM with Richter, not Simon
I know. This particular person was getting really heated about Grinch and wanted Incineroar so badly. Hated Grinch so much. He's still commenting on how Incineroar rekt Grinch and all, that's why I called him salty.
&gt; People here were disappointed because it debunked the hype nostalgia roster that was the Grinch leak. This part. You make it seem like the people were disappointed bc it disapproved Grinch, they were disappointed WAY before Grinch too is my point.
What do you mean that many? It's a VERY low amount of ppl for any AAA title lol
You're hilarious for making this about equal representation. Don't parrot everything you hear in any context, this has NOTHING to do with presentation at all.
Bye girl
Wow is it weird that this made me legitimately sad? I think I’m gonna cry or something.
Yeah it's like saying goodbye to them. I love all of them very much :(
I treated it as any other Kanto game and that's why I disliked it. Believe it or not I just don't like Kanto. Hoenn is my absolute favorite, though I like most others. I just didn't enjoy Kanto as a region, and I don't like Kanto pkmn.
How can you say something so controversial yet so brave
No it’s not
Lol, plastic **is** natural. Nothing humans do is unnatural.
Are you mentally challenged? It's considered a bad thing for a language to not have separate words by separate things **by linguists**. That's what we learned from our professor and I'm transfering that knowledge to you. This isn't about what I think, it's about what I learned.
Can someone just tell me what it says? The site doesn't open for me
If you're in the server, you'll be notified through DMs :)
What is this F2P Mobile game lol
This made me depressed instantly.
Nope it can go as low as 2. Press Y when you're setting up the rules of the arena, it's called "more settings"
I think the netcode is absolutely amazing. Lag is minimal. However, the system definitely needs tweaks. Preferred rules suck, battle arenas have dumb stuff.
It increased to 700k today.
Rivals have VERY bad netcode though? I agree with your point, but it was a bad example.
what 5$ u talking about? it's 20$
&gt;Real men go down with their ship. No sexism please.
Then why cant we have that option in controls menu?
I think no one should call for nerfs before actual tournaments even begin. We don’t know how to play the game optimally, therefore we need to watch people who do play optimally to talk about balance. Also one more thing, it’s not even a discussion to **ban** characters in probably the first year of the game, especially since we know balance patches are coming. Yall calm down.
Taunts can have any emotion behind them. A person after pulling something good off, could pop off and do a taunt. If your opponent took an amazing stock off of you and you could taunt to show respect. It carries all sorts of meanings. Teabagging is DIRECTLY associated with malice in online gaming, and it cannot possibly carry any other meaning. Teabagging is worse, Nintendo bring back taunts!
Honestly playing vs Link is such an exhausting experience. Remote controlled bombs only made it worse.
So Cloud walks into a bar. He gets beaten the shit out of and then kicked out Because Cloud was a mistake
They don’t need to. Netcode is one of the best I’ve ever seen in any P2P fighting game. Online modes need to be fixed BADLY. But the technology is there.
Because PK fire doesnt activate if it doesnt hit you or if it hits your shield, and is easier to escape from. Arcfire is EXTREMELY oppressive if used right, and Robin is so hard to deal with if your character doesnt have a specific set of moves to deal with it(arcfire was buffed in Ultimate btw)
Not true. Dreamcast had voice chat in 1998, Switch doesn’t.
I’m not sure if this matters right now
Okay why does it matter? Are we supposed to not complain bc we only *assume* Nintendo isn’t ready to receive it? Like I get the point but I don’t understand why it matters???
What does woo’ing mean?
Lol Ultimate IS a Kirby game, what u talkin about?
You're grounded Ms.Britton Rose!! Who am I kidding?? You're too cute for that :) Let's have some tookies!
Smash 4 did buffering right imo. Smash Ultimate buffering seems to be gigantic, probably because of increased game speed, but still.
It's not just about Let's Go. I think people are realizing Gamefreak are actually mediocre developers who got very lucky and had an amazing idea guy at the right time of video game history. Yes Pokemon is an amazing idea, and well executed for it's time. Unfortunately, Gamefreak are not doing enough for it. Pokemon games don't feel like AAA titles, with lack of polish and lack of content, it shows. Pokemon Emerald had better post-game than ORAS, and it was on a gameboy advance. Go figure lol
Yes it's good but we still can't change chars in between QP matches and that's REALLY bad
What if I wanna play the same player?
This is completely plausible.
I don't see how Bethesda are, except latest Fallout. Could you enlighten? I legit don't know
You're blatantly lying. OW League is *the* most artificial eSports scene out there.
This isn't true for a grassroots scene like Smash Bros Melee though. It is true for artifically made eSports scenes like OW league and HGC though. If the game is good, and is competitive, it'll be played without intervention:)
I shit you not
but that’s just a theory, á̮͓̞ ̵̘͕͉̠̯̠G̭̯̩̥̲̙͡A̷̳̦̻̙ME͍͕͖̟̺̫ ̨T͍̙̳̩̙̘̯͜H̢̻͍̼̻̳E͚̥̞O͉͉R̨͚Y͏͓͖̣̮̳̬ͅ thanks for watching!
You got ZSS tether... lol That’s good recovery. 2 hits off stage kills almost everyone in this game, not just Belmonts. Get real for a minute
Wait, who asks them to put Cloud and Megaman there?? There isn't even enough **Nintendo** characters to choose from on Switch interface, let alone 3rd party. Where's Majora's Mask? Where's Bayonetta? Where's Birdo? Chain Chomp? Marx? Shy guy? Bandana Dee... Wolf, Falco, Octoling, more squid colors, yoshi colors, ghirahim, skull kid, Daisy. koopa, waluigi, wario, midna, ashley, cappy etc. etc. The point is, if there are 100 icons in Smash, 90 of them are Nintendo, yet we STILL don't have nice icons on Switch interface.
Lmao gotta start training the kids early
no but even if it is not spammable or is beatable, I still think buries are a bit abundant and they are simply not fun. Mashing is not fun it's inconsistent and breaks the flow of the game and possibly make you do a misinput.
&gt;I mean, for Greninja's final Smash he turns into Ash Greninja, and Lucario has had his voice from the movie since Smash 4, so not all the Pokemon are just random Pokemon from the same species. Those are just little nods to the anime, for fanservice. I wouldn't count them honestly. By the way I don't disagree with you on Jigglypuff, since Jigglypuff as any Jigglypuff has no significance whatsoever, and was only relevant because of the anime, they could decide to put her anime incarnation instead. You're right that Sakurai put Jigglypuff in because he was inspired by the anime. If it wasn't for anime, Jigglypuff would just be any Pokemon, much like IDK, Volbeat or something.
This is the first time gold actually matters in a Smash game. If you're interested offline modes you probably already know that gold is sooooo high value lol.
Disappointment? It would disappoint me if we got too many 3rd parties tbh. I love Nintendo chars and Smash is ultimately a Nintendo game. 3rd party guests are fun and of course welcome but I wouldn’t want them to be crowded tbh. I think Bandana Dee is a more valuable addition than Kratos, for instance.
Not that much. They'll re-use assets for every character lol. They'll only make one stage technically, and just design it 70 times.
They could use already existing assets from stages. Use Mushroom Kngdom textures for Mario's target test etc. or they could just make one target stage and use it with every char, but with unique platform placements etc
PKT2 isn't even hard to do offline, especially with the new arrow indicator. It's SUPER easy. Ness isn't even my main but as you said, I almost have 100% success rate recovering with it due to how easy it was made from previous games. I however do SD in Online a lot too with it, thanks to lag.
Honestly Male Corrin's voice is rly nice. Female Corrin is so pretty but her voice is very weird imo
Sweetie he's blind.
Classic Nintendo re-inventing the wheel. There are 1000 established ranking systems in the world and they made a new one as go as bad as possible.
It was just inferior to Pokemon Emerald which was on Gameboy Advance lol
You tbh. What's with the hostility? I was just being skeptical.
"drop the attitude sweetie!" is not a very badass thing to say :P
I mean... they really shouldn't be doing this though. Maybe calling them liars is too much, but like, if they are getting bummed down over this, then they might as well just get bummed down and not do it again?
Nice one invalidating your own comment sweetpie
/r/woooosh
Always wondered this too. I honestly cannot understands what's so extremely OP about Inklings either. To me, Belmonts broke the game and that's it, and even then they are manageable imo.
No we definitely won't have ban debates in the first **year** of the game's life, that's for sure.
Completely untrue. Say whatever you want about Nintendo or whatever, but Smash 4 balance team was VERY successful at handling patches. They made the game healthier at a steady pace. They dropped the ball at Bayo yes, but even then Bayo got a patch specifically for her. She was a bit half assed as she was the last DLC character, but still they did their best.
Lol are you kidding? Mercy had an incredibly low pick rate in competitive play before Rez gave her invincibility. Instead of reverting invincibility and trying a different approach they reworked her into perhaps the worst designed hero in OW history. Edit: In case you were following, /u/maximusGG said he took online video gaming classes and his professor said Mercy's design was the worst design ever. He told me he wrote an article for Symmetra which OW dev team followed along(implying they read it). When I asked to see the article he posted this : https://dispositiv.uni-bayreuth.de/interaktive-medien-in-der-moralischen-abwaertsspirale-entwickler-oder-digitaler-drogendealer/ which, as someone who speaks a little bit of German, has nothing to do with Symmetra or Overwatch. Just wanted to inform you in case you've read and believed him :)
Honestly! A lot of characters have buries in Ultimate, I cannot understand why. It used to be this rare thing that is exclusive to Villager's down Smash and DK's side B. Now, Rob's throw, g&amp;w dsmash, krool randomly buries with random moves lol, Inkling roller and so on. Why is buries so abundant? Button mashing is honestly the stupidest thing ever. It's good for grabs bc you can never misinput, but it's stupid easy to misinput a move out of bury mashing because of how fast you can act out of them. It's just incredibly frustrating and dumb imo.
Well preferred rules was fixed in the first week of the game so...
I live in Italy, and I'm half Turkish. I'm also 22. I don't think I'm "hit" by this statement. Just like when someone comments under a post saying "Something stolen? It must be just any other black person, nothing new" I tell them they are a filthy racist, I feel inclined to do the same here. When you get mad at someone for making a racist statement towards an Arab, do you do it because you are one?
No we weren't but complaining here is very loud because it has so many visitors. So even if Nintendo doesn't check here specifically, I'm sure they check other social media where people who got influenced from the complaints on Reddit post their own complaints.
Nah. I don't know about ICs but Rosalina is quite mediocre in this game compared to Smash 4. She has no OOS(shield grab is nerfed), no response to rushdown, really laggy aerials. She's slow, she's bad vs Belmonts. Honestly, I'll be happy if she's mid tier, and I say this as a 4 year Rosa main.
^ this is a racist statement Racism means stereotyping people based on their skin color. How would you react if someone said "Let's be honest. Black people are the only ones who steal" which is factually **incorrect**? This is the same shit. Why don't we just say no to any kind of racism? Don't bring skin color into this, there's no reason to. Any 14 yr old could have horrendously bigoted opinions on rape and gays. Has nothing to do with their skin color.
Shield grab is nerfed in this game and Rosalina's floatiness is a big hindrance on any kind of OOS option she has. Well basically, she has none. She can't perform an aerial out of a shield and hit people because she has no fast aerials(unlike say, Ness or Villager nair), or she doesn't have any kind of aerial speed to disengage and make tricky movements to reset back to neutral(unlike ZSS, Ike or Sheik). She is fast on the ground, but very floaty in the air and that's a VERY bad thing in this engine. You want your character to be fast in the air, unlike Smash 4, you *will* get rushed down and overwhelmed by literally the entire cast barring a few. What does all of this mean? It means when you press shield button as Rosa, it's over. Unless your opponent fucks up big time, there's literally no reliable option to deal with an opponent doing whatever the fuck they want, jumping circles around you while you try to shield and then hit them with your sluggish moves that have giant endlags. Also, her recovery has no hitbox, it's so easy to kill her off stage due to her big size and low weight. She has no combos except occasional nair into uair. No kill confirms. Her uair has been heavily nerfed in both hitbox size, power and endlag. Her dair has smaller hitbox. Luma is nerfed everywhere imagineable, and dies to ANYTHING at all. In a game with so many combos, her hurtbox is huge, she's just so big but so light, just like Mewtwo, but unlike Mewtwo she's not a speedy killing machine to justify her weight. Luma used to be a big factor to justify this in Smash 4, but he's not the damage pillow that created a lot of disruption like he was in the previous game. He's weak, and doesn't act quickly enough to catch opponents off-guard anymore(which is good, removes a lot of frustration from dealing with Rosa, but hasn't been compensated, and combined with all the nerfs, is just horrible) Also, Luma's range have been reduced and he stays much closer to Rosa. They don't look separate anymore, they look like one single unit. Overall, I honestly can't say Rosa has been overnerfed by the dev team themselves. Yes she was nerfed but her current iteration would still be a good character in Smash 4. However, she was heavily nerfed by the Ultimate engine. This is not a Rosa game, and I've had to eventually make peace with that. I recommend you do the same. Apparently, Dabuz did too :(
Yes you're right but at least there was an attempt lol
Sorry to hear that, what happened? I assume you're talkin about yourself. Because right now I'm moderating a random-char-only tournament in a fairly big discord server. I'm having a TON of fun :P
lol they call themselves the Black Plague, and a tourney without them is a little lesser experience, for sure
What department of Nintendo are you working at to know if it was from this sub or not?
It’s not my fault that you’re this inept
and how is that cringe???
Dreamcast had voice chat in 1998 hahahahahahaha it’s not comparable to PS2, PS2 had messaging
NES games... who cares??? They are bad and buggy. They were good 20 years ago, not anymore. Give me SNES!
&gt;snotgargling supertard totally stealing this ahahahah
Well you were being condescending a bit though. All big companies lurk popular places where people talk about their games. It's such a normal thing. IDK why it was such a weird concept for you that you felt the need to invalidate what I said with an extreme example. It still wasn't right for me to insult you tho so I apologize for that regardless :)
&gt; I just always hope people use more than one channel to voice their opinions This is important indeed &gt;I hope you have a great day, wherever you are! Thank you! You too :)
Plus, OP is totally correct. Without taunts, people just teabag, which has been associated with disrespect and negativity for the entirety of video game history. Taunts could mean ANYTHING. You could taunt when your opponent got an amazing kill to show respect, even. You can't teabag for that though, it'll be misunderstood.
I'm not lagging, but it could be better. I'm not losing a lot, since I got 1.8mil GSP. I'm just salty because I can't swap characters, and it's a big part of the experience in For Glory imo.
I'm satisfied with the MM too, since I'm in ES I just get 1v1s all the time. However, I really want to be able to swap characters and try different MATCHUPS. It's such an important knowledge to learn. For instance when they got a Wolf and I play Rosa, and I lose, I should be able to swap to a secondary to see how my secondary interacts with Wolf, and learn if there are any MU specific things that made me lose in the first place. Currently it's discouraging me from further learning the game. Queue'ing as a character is REALLY bad, we should be queue'ing as players.
I can’t live without Leffen
Lol Leffen is *the* reason why Melee community is where it is now. Hate on him all you want but you cannot deny is infinite contributions to the community. He’s the backbone.
Well I know *you* don't get to decide who deserves it and who doesn't. I disagree with people losing their jobs for less too, I think jobs are such an essential thing to lose over trivial stuff like this. You shouldn't be able to take away someone's source of making a *living* just because they are mean to some people. Surprise, people have different personalities. Some are more negative than others. Are they not allowed to make money? You may hate them(hell, I probably hate Salem) but you shouldn't wish them a worse life, that just makes you worse than them. &gt;And lots of players are more deserving of a Team Liquid sponsorship more than Salem's carried ass. Team Liquid, I'm sure they know what's better for them than you do. &gt;Salem is destroying his own career by acting like a child and alienating tons of people coming into Ultimate. You can say this to yourself to make yourself feel better about wanting a worse life for someone just because they said mean/inaccurate things about a gaming community. I doubt Salem alienated anyone from coming to Ultimate, that's just silly.
Yes everyone should be held responsible for their actions, I'm not arguing against it. I'm just saying what he said shouldn't have this big of consequences.
You'd understand where I'm coming from if you knew how this community formed. Don't even try to tell me you do, watching Melee Documentary isn't enough, because it's obvious from the way you ignored my second point completely. You're just someone who loves pressuring one person to quit just because they messed up one time. You can't just do that, that's not how communities work.
Snake probably has the best specials in the game too lol
Wait, how do you get to vote on who will be in Smash?
Don't forget that we can't change chars in between matches with the same player
Yes but this shouldn't be a problem at all. If your char GSP is too low or too high compared to the initial matchmade GSP, the game can simply disconnect you from your opponent. There are work arounds. I don't think this is an excuse for how horrible the system currently is. Edit: I'm sorry I offended people with the work around I found. Obviously, it's bad. I agree with you. That was just the first thing came to my mind :(
and what if *you* want to change characters? You queue in as a random character you play for fun, get a really good Inkling which you have no MU experience with as your main. You want to go your main vs them next round. Isn't this a problem for you?
We're talking about how to make Quickplay better in this thread. What you can do outside of Quickplay is not relevant. So when you say "I can find x thing in Discord" you're being a fanboy.
okay :/ but my point was there are work arounds
Wait. How can I get matched with someone again via the past opponents tab???
How do they know I have a battle arena up?
How can I communicate with them?
Well, Smash is too good for that
I do. You can't message people on Nintendo smartphone app. It's completely useless piece of software.
The only way they can surprise me is if they made a good game up to Nintendo standards. THAT would surprise me, since it didn’t happen for some time now.
Do you think it was? Compare it to AAA Nintendo titles please
They could just shield. That’s one thing ICs have going for them. Please no /r/Overwatch levels of game balance suggestions.
It happened in Melee multiple times, it didn’t cause an uproar because it’s part of the video game. You’re making it an issue right now, which is pointless. Not only it won’t be changed, but it’s also completely fair. That’s their gimmick and ICs aren’t even that viable in Smash, so.
If the Link should’ve won, then they would’ve. I don’t understand why people try to impose their own sense of fairness into a video game, when the video game has different rules. ICs are an unconventional character that can get KOs while they are in star KO animation. You need to hold shield, play by their rules. This is their design, Nana doesn’t disappear until Popo is respawned with a platform. Obviously, it’s intentional, it’s 2 characters in one. This is such a fun gameplay clip, but there’s nothing to complain about.
Fucking lost because they failed to consider how ICs work and what their gimmick is. They didn’t hold shield.
Well, Link didn’t win, ICs did. I don’t know what this is supposed to mean. It’s Link’s fault for not holding shield.
It’s not a dice roll. It’s Link’s fault for ignoring Nana. ICs are a gimmicky character. He was supposed to stay in shield. He lost the game, fairly.
It’s so unbelievably fair, actually. ICs entire gimmick is two character in one. If you watch the clip you can see Link had more than enough time to shield or roll away from Nana. If Link does not consider what the character is capable of doing, they don’t deserve to win, which, they didn’t anyway so there’s no problem there.
If Link should have won, then he would’ve :) I hope he’ll learn to shield next time against ICs when Nana is alive.
No one’s gonna follow sweetie!
He wrote these when there were around 4 comments in the thread. The ones on top right now were downvoted. Whenever I made a comment it would instantly get -2 or something, which doesn't make sense because the post wasn't even popular.
and without rng based anything, Link could’ve held shield button and win
The Link took a risk without reward. There was no reward for killing Nana there, at all. He was going for style, or he was just doing no brain plays. Either way, he took the most unnecessary risk imaginable and got punished for it. ICs by design can kill you while one of them is getting KO’d. This is not going to change or get patched. Do not challenge Nana when she is alone, you don’t have to.
Watch the clip again. Link gets KO’d because he tries to attack Nana. If he held shield, he would’ve won. Do you know how ICs work?
Lol this is misinformation. Have you even touched Melee?
How about Leffen vs Salem?
If he didn’t make 0 IQ plays there is also 100% chance he’d win
You can’t find 3 people FFAs in Anther’s.
You responded to MY comment with irrelevant stuff, I didnt respond to yours originally. I just dropped my own comment on the thread and you responded like I was talking about unranked friendlies.
It was slightly more relevant than I made it seem like, still unnecessary though
andd???
Perhaps
Nice
No Gus dick??
Their 3DS games were horrible too, so like, they weren’t great at optimizing for the handheld either :) Maybe they are simply not good?
Gamefreak is only AAA by the money they make. Their games are not AAA quality. An AAA game looks like BotW, Mario Odyssey, Smash Ultimate, Mario Tennis, ARMS, Splatoon2 Non-Nintendo: Skyrim, Doom, Dark Souls, Diablo 3. All decent looking 3D games can’t be considered AAA, otherwise Sonic Forces would be an AAA title. It’s not, just like how Pokemon Let’s Go isn’t.
No one cares
Because Leffen is EU and that’s a GIGANTIC difference. EU players because of no online, are having an extremely difficult time playing and improving in Ultimate.
Wizzy lives in one of the most stacked regions while Leffen is EU and EU, thanks to no online, is at such a gigantic disadvantage. Try some empathy for a top player who did his best to compete but literally couldn’t because of Nintendo’s incompetence.
Yeah you’re a tumor dude. Get a hobby
Ah I can see that yeah. sorry if I seemed insensitive I was just puzzled
Mods’ decisions can be influenced and most people forget that mods are for us, we are not for them. This applies to everything. stop respecting authorities so much, they are there to serve you
He will keep winning hunny
I agree with your sentiment but queer is not an insult
That’s not true and as someone who has been in FGC for more than 9 years this is a horrible representation. You’ll find a TON of players that blame only themselves if they are half good unless the other char is absolutely broken (Sentinel in MvC2, Doom in MvC3, MK in Brawl, Bayo in Smash 4 etc) Yeah, you may have joked, but it’s not funny nor accurate.
It’s probably amazing. I love stepping on moss when I swim in the sea and stuff
This quote gave me cancer. I want Nintendo chars to be in Smash and I am not really a huge fan of constantly getting 3rd parties. Sure classics like Megaman Pacman etc were amazing. I’m not saying Bayo or Joker shouldnt’ve been in either but the guarantee that we will definitely get 5 3rd parties from this fighters pass is such a disappointment.
FE should have 2-3 chars max, that’s why.
Xenoblade 2. Huge disappointment for me. There are too many reasons if you want me to explain...
And we’re in summer now
Oh ok thanks
I am hoping Zelda botw 2 but it wont happen bc of some random zelda game with a bad artstyle that we’re getting instead.
and Reddit user MrGains would change his mind?
No it hasn’t. The guy is just spouting bs Edit: There’s only one and even that is dodgy, still, that makes me wrong. Sorry Edit 2: sorry for saying I’m wrong I guess
Really? I find myself always puzzled, confused by the overworld map with Mario + Rabbids and even then the gameplay is also meh for me. I bought the game with much enthusiasm but I’ve yet to see the appeal.
I think these shots are really good. The article is so trash + homophobic and transphobic, but HONESTLY these pics are not the problem guys...
Hopefully characters will have more personality than a piece of wood this time around
Banjo is our reward for sitting through this direct. I almost fell asleep by the time Daemon X Machine was displayed. Then Banjo happened &lt;3
I am crying
Who called DQ series shitty? The artstyle of the chars were just terrible.
So I’m not allowed to have an opinion on things that are on sale just because I have the option to not buy them? Ok lol
Wow. Why would you praise a religion here? Doesn’t sound very sincere to me, more like an agenda.
Stun her mid air? Lul
People took xQc for granted for a very long time
If Soren was a girl, we wouldn't even be discussing if Ike is straight or not. The evidence is there and there are way too many things that are literal proofs. Ike is **a gay character**. There's no ifs and buts. It's way too obvious from the writing standpoint.
No we do claim Ike being gay is canon.
Ike has been gay since PoR, way too obviously.
Lol.. both are fine. It's not okay to be toxic. "this was a boring character choice" is not toxic.
No Zelda/Mario/Pokemon/Smash
Wait are those clouds??? I legit was wondering what the hell they are. They look dumb as hell.
Are we going to go through every one of the typical replies? People are not being toxic when they express disappointment is all I’m saying.
You know the game will end on Elite 4 champion with a Dynamax Charizard and Gamefreak thinks that’ll be super climactic, right? lul
Pokemon are treated less like actual beings and more like inorganic robots or just voxels because otherwise why would they grow in size? Dynamax makes pokemon feel less real and more like idk, clay figures or something. Yes we haven’t seen the full game yet, but so far it seems Pokemon Sword and Shield are poisoning the Pokemon franchise. I should’ve known from that fucking Lycanroc with a sword in it’s damn mouth.
Thanks analbaguette!
Well 4 of those 7 aren't even important games, so it's okay.
You’re joking but gamefreak is already planning to end Sword and Shield with a last e4 champion battle where you fight a Dynamax’d charizard. They think this is gonna be hype or something lul
Considering how Pokemon Colosseum looked better than this, it ought to be a N64 game!
Bc ur weeb
Switch is hacked through and through.
I'm a Nintendo only gamer that doesn't mean I live in a fucking bubble. You don't have to play PS4 to know what PS Gold offers. Nintendo is garbage
Um... It's legitimately disturbing. A corgi just exploded on my screen. Why are pokemon exploding? Aren't they animals? Why do they grow in size? Why are they treated like fucking clay dolls? I was on the fence, after seeing this I'm 100% SURE not buying the game.
I'm absolutely not getting this game after this. Imagine your favorite Pokemon exploding... Just why?
Nah. I'm not buying the game. I personally encourage everyone else around me to do the same.
Even if he said dev time, that'd still be stupid as fuck. They have MUCH MORE than enough money to hire more people. 900+ people worked on Breath of the Wild, what's Gamefreak's excuse to only have 140 people?
BotW was a Wii U game too... lol. Switch is more powerful than Wii U. Gamefreak has no fucking excuses.
Well Pokemon Battle Revolution was pretty fucking good as well tbh
Even? No Battle Revolution had very much top tier animations for it's time. Two cannot be compared in the slightest. The game *itself* wasn't that great I admit, however you can't say that the graphics and animations weren't good, because they were.
I legit do not understand why people even consider Roy to be better than Chrom... I think it's an anti reaction to the initial "Chrom is OP" thing in the community. He's not OP but that doesn't mean he isn't still crazy as hell and he is definitely better than Roy...
It was probably written for good intentions, like keep the uproar flowing. But they know the typical post wouldn't get as much attention, they decided to make this up. Still, I don't look at it as cynical as others. Lying is never ok, but at least the intention was good imo.
Tell me a losing MU for Lucina out of characters that are relevant in competitive play*
okay why are you trolling? kek
because of Nintendo's incredible track record with their own IPs
I mean I'd gladly trade 45 garbage NES games for at least text messaging on Switch
Mario 3 was fun for the 10th time. 11th it’s boring and old.
Damn you got the boy’s pics?
Play Pokemon Insurgence, probably *the* best fanmade Pokemon game in the world right now. It’s for PC, not a mod and doesn’t require an emulator.
No one cares about NES games
He doesn’t need to retrieve it because Snake’s utilt is already pretty close to Brawl iteration anyway
Pichu needed a nerf. Of course Snake does too
Wow. Even with Switch tax, this is waaaay overpriced.
Girl is that a yes or a no ... &gt;: o
No they don’t and this video is trash
Ye okay we can talk in a few years when you grow up not as in age but mentally 👍🏻
I didn’t mean all sociopaths, I specifically said “he” as in, the guy who was known for only causing trouble and nothing else in the neighborhood. There’s no known treatment to an adult sociopath, but not all of them need to go to jail. He however, needs to be.
It’s completely normal that you misunderstood my point because it honestly was poorly expressed.
Sansa will become the smartest person Arya knows in the books as well. It’s rather obvious that they are following certain milestones for certain characters but they just don’t know how to develop them there. Trust and believe Daenerys WILL go mad in the books but will do that convincingly. Sansa will become smart convincingly. Bran will become king convincingly. D&amp;D don’t know how to write smart characters, (or character development for that matter) so they just make other characters say they are smart instead. Sad state of affairs indeed
Yup. Now all they have to do is add text messaging on Switch.
Consistency in fiction
Pokemon does not have a fantasy style. It’s always been about realism, and Pokemon are animals.
It’s not about not flapping it’s wings. Birds don’t flap their wings irl too when they are gliding. It’s about turning 180 degree with grid based movement. If Wingull doesn’t wanna flap wings, then it must glide. Fictional realism, google it
Except Rest doesn't send vertically in Melee, but horizontally. That's why it's so fucking strong.
My least fav type of characters are Links and small chars. I love playing Bayonetta but hate fighting against her. That’s pretty much it. Links: Way too good frame data for what projectiles they have. You can’t get in and destroy like other zoners(say: ROB) because they have VERY quick and high priority get off me moves like nair. I don’t think they are super good chars or anything, but playing vs them is the worst experience imaginable in Smash, win or lose. Small chars are self explanatory. I don’t know why small chars are a thing in Ultimate, they weren’t an issue in Smash 4. They add nothing but frustration to the game because sometimes you win the mindgame but still whiff because the character just happens to be small. Anti-competitive imo. Bayonetta: I love her to death. I suck at her but she’s still my most played character, way above my main. However I find that fighting against her is a bit exhausting because she has a ton of options in the air + dair + witch time. It feels like you don’t know when to clearly punish her and it’s always a gamble. I personally think she’s one of the worse chars in the game, but I find her kinda tiring to play against still.
What do you mean? It should be reverse, Arsene is DEFINITELY the more problematic one.
Joker doesn’t get arsene at high percents? He gets one arsene per stock at around 50-60. You can’t close out stocks at 50... He gets even earlier if your character is a projectile one, which means it’s free gauge for him. Lucario is the one you’re talking about, and Lucario is the “honest” one here as he truly needs to be at kill percent to do very big stuff. Joker can do those even at 20%, and worst case, 60%.
Kek down b into fsmash is tight
HAHAH dude you're just so bad at this. A character being rewarded for getting hit doesn't mean they should actively try to get hit. Lucario gets stronger as he gets hit too, but Lucario players still try not to get hit because they WILL get hit anyway, so they will be rewarded in the end whether they try to get hit or not, so it's better to try not to get hit and do as much dmg as possible before they get to percentages that they can kill at.
kek, I'll enjoy joker being nerfed, actually
He didn't bully anyone lol, he himself got bullied.
It’s never too late to learn.
I wish there was a video compilation of this :c
Opening credits of S8 was so fucking good tho
Okay. Overpriced still
Yeah Nintendo always strives to make perfect games. They never half ass them, even though they have so many mistakes in regards to garbage Online and stuff, one thing is certain and that is Nintendo NEVER half asses games.
It’s not just the dex. Game looks like shit. If it means problems with the game will get solved, then yes I would GLADLY wait until 2020.
It’s in Japan most likely so they got it wrong. However NO ONE would steal this in Japan ever, so it’s fine. It probably works very well.
Probably in Japan considering the poor English, so this won’t get abused
Haha funni move kills at 40 :)
Reddit sucks because that comment is downvoted
You must complain and let your voice be heard. No one in their right mind is asking anyone to not buy a Switch because it lacks communication features. You should complain though, a lot. Twitter especially
Stop lying
For me the only true answer could be this. The game is the DEFINITION of being worth more than it's actual price.
/u/MegaMagnezone is still a moderator of this sub, mind you
With all his "We're always right" attitude, arrogance and inability to go back to changes he made because of this, people really can and will praise Jeff, won't they?
&gt;Slow the game down again. Give people time to do something. Oh I wish. I miss the slow Overwatch.
This is not correct. There’s much more to losing weight than calorie stuff. Have you ever cared about your bowel bacterias? Ever cared to use probiotics in a diet? How about your allergies? Maybe you’re allergic to tomatoes or gluten and you keep having them which takes a toll on your progress? A diet where your body’s metabolism breaks because you ate a cheeseburger in the evening and ate nothing else the entire day is not going to be a sustainable one, and will ultimately break your body. Health will lose you weight, not calorie calculations. This is not a trash talk but this is why there are way too many Americans that are overweight or obese, they don’t know the importance of healthy eating and unfortunately they are led to believe this way bc of media and fast food/canned food corporations. Eating healthy, home-made food + having smaller portions will get you SO far.
Mahvel is dead This is mvci
I mean Athena over Terry wouldn’t exactly be outrageous. She’s the psycho soldier, and I’d argue she’s just as iconic as Terry is, especially now considering Athena is still relevant even in SNK’s newest games while Terry is biting the dust in terms of popularity.
How do we know they are telling the truth, even? They look no better than a troll account
Legit question: what’s with the anime communities and characters eating in an uncivilized way like a child and looking stupid in the process as well? What’s the appeal? Is it a meme? How did it start?
I didnt ask why you like Link..
It’s kind of sad that Blizzard needs players’ money to donate to this cause. Why do they need my money? Shouldn’t we hold corporations responsible for donating to huge causes like this?
Oh yea I get it now, thanks for elaborating your point further. &gt;Amazon shouldn’t donate but Jeff Bezos should Yeah
Hoes mad xDDDD
It wouldn’t make zero sense to put Edelgard in it
I mean if so many people are complaining about the game this much, it does speak about the health of the game, don’t you think?
I don’t even particularly think we should call those “buffs” Mewtwo truly just needs to be *fixed*, because he is currently a broken character. His buggy up B, weird hurtbox, weird hitboxes all over the place, just everything about him is stupid and dysfunctional.
We been knew sis
Too bad I cant play in double arenas with my brother who is literally sitting right next to me 🤡
Probably because he got 3-0’d? I mean, I like Leo but let’s be real, Marss swept him
I nearly cried when Marss won oml. This is the best timeline
I’m sorry about that, I haven’t seen much about the game, but I have no doubt you guys put all your heart into it, and hopefully you’ll keep pursuing a career in game development well after this :)
and what did the message say?
and what did the message say?
Convoluted and extremely hard to learn and in my experience quite unrewarding in the end. Xenoblade 2 is my personal biggest regret with Switch. I know I’ll get downvoted bc a lot of xeno 2 shills in this sub, that’s okay. My recommendation: Wait for Xenoblade definitive edition and grab that masterpiece as fast as you can. Also, Ni No Kuni is pretty good. DQ11 was awesome btw.
Convoluted and extremely hard to learn and in my experience quite unrewarding in the end. Xenoblade 2 is my personal biggest regret with Switch. I know I’ll get downvoted bc a lot of xeno 2 shills in this sub, that’s okay. My recommendation: Wait for Xenoblade definitive edition and grab that masterpiece as fast as you can. Also, Ni No Kuni is pretty good. DQ11 was awesome btw.
Convoluted and extremely hard to learn and in my experience quite unrewarding in the end. Xenoblade 2 is my personal biggest regret with Switch. I know I’ll get downvoted bc a lot of xeno 2 shills in this sub, that’s okay. My recommendation: Wait for Xenoblade definitive edition and grab that masterpiece as fast as you can. Also, Ni No Kuni is pretty good. DQ11 was awesome btw.
Convoluted and extremely hard to learn and in my experience quite unrewarding in the end. Xenoblade 2 is my personal biggest regret with Switch. I know I’ll get downvoted bc a lot of xeno 2 shills in this sub, that’s okay. My recommendation: Wait for Xenoblade definitive edition and grab that masterpiece as fast as you can. Also, Ni No Kuni is pretty good. DQ11 was awesome btw.
Convoluted and extremely hard to learn and in my experience quite unrewarding in the end. Xenoblade 2 is my personal biggest regret with Switch. I know I’ll get downvoted bc a lot of xeno 2 shills in this sub, that’s okay. My recommendation: Wait for Xenoblade definitive edition and grab that masterpiece as fast as you can. Also, Ni No Kuni is pretty good. DQ11 was awesome btw.
Nice meme
I’m sure Smash helped a lot in that regard
Cornelia is not a character in 3H
Nah they are definitely extremely outdated and are good blueprints for what Pokemon became later on but they have no playability at this age, unlike the games that came after them.
Imagine asking people to pay for Redd that comes every 2 weeks, a few bushes and museum stamps :D
Trust me he’s an adult man and he can decide for his health on his own. Sakurai is one of the most successful game developers in the world, and he makes an incredible amount of money and is one of the most influential people from Nintendo, he doesn’t need some Redditors worry about anything
"depth"
Didn't realize they were gonna learn ways to deal with life from a random Redditor on a smash sub
Yes, it actually is if Hero wasn't afk.
Well considering they didn't exactly pick the first option in the 1st Fighter's Pass either(except maybe 1-2), I wouldn't hold my hopes up.
assuming there are villagers to vibe to begin with lmao I mean, they say the same 3 sentences... what's there to talk about?
Nah they won't tear anyone to shreds. People are super fair and nice about it in that sub and will change your view but with actual valid arguments.
This is making me horny
is Clover good? I know Uranium and Insurgence are basically legend tier romhacks at this point but haven't heard much about Clover.
Well, I didnt TT but I sure as hell am burnt out...
Yeah thats not low level play on YLs part. Watch a pro play him and he’ll do the same. Those projectiles are so low commitment
am I the only one who thinks Ash used to look like a literal young adult? Nowadays the artstyle became one piece-y so he looks like a kid, but imo in like gen 4 anime and such I always thought Ash was like 19 or something lol
The guy is constantly wrong yet still very determined to do whatever he thinks we want. He's honestly a big hindrance to Pokemon franchise at this point. There are many Pokemon mobile games and Pokemon **mobile** games compete with other mobile games. A Pokemon game on **Switch** doesn't compete with mobile games. How could anyone think this? What's with his mind?
the regi looking like charizard... there hasn't been a bigger disappointment than this...
Charizard is the furthest you can get from badass... Dunsparce is more badass than Charizard, easily.
Dunseraph isn’t trash thoo
The thing is you guys truly don’t understand how a panel like this should ideally form and gain legitimacy. Currently, why should we trust that CoC made the right call with Zack with their unrevealed information? We either need to: 1. Know and trust the people behind the panel (currently anonymous) 2. Know the information so we make our own judgment with common sense (currently unknown) We have access to neither of these. We don’t know the info that makes Zack stay banned, we don’t know the people and how credible they are either, we can’t just put our faiths into their judgment and conscience. Smash scene NEEDS a CoC, it’s just not this one. The SSBCodeofConduct has lost legitimacy long ago, and who cares how many TOs feel that they are forced to obey these rules when so many top players think they are illegitimate.
Yeah, he only wanted revenge... Your reply should make people wanna support Zack.
Normal that you don't know, because they aren't too relevant. They are a "smash court" kinda thing, unprofessionalism is off the charts. They don't have any credibility besides a lot of TOs (that we don't know the names of) are signed to them to abide by their rules. They can literally make up rules as they go when deciding. They gave Mew2Queen a **shorter** ban than Zack because of exhibiting growth apparently (lmao) and right after the community backlash they made the ban indefinite. Also they did receive an accusation about Ally months ago before Zack thing and they ignored it. The victim spoke up. I think we do need a Code of Conduct kinda thing. It's just not this one.
I'm just saying that the information theory says a receiver should not trust both the information and an entity. One needs to be independently validated or else you are open to corruption. There is no perfect secrecy. They need to pick one, or they can do literally whatever they want and no one would be able to question it, if not for the community. (Which the community is trying to do right now, but are getting ignored, in Zack's case that is) and no this isn't "just a video game" if you wanna attempt to reduce it to that, because someone's gaming career is in line. If you don't take these things seriously, then you go against the very purpose of a Smash Code of Conduct Panel, which is to make the Smash scene an eSports-ready one.
Wanna hear something controversial? A patch full of **NERFS** is what I truly want. I want literally at least 10 chars nerfed in a substantial way. I especially want YL, Sonic, Palu, Snake, Pikachu and ZSS nerfed SO BADLY. I think this game needs a healthy dose of nerfs which it hasn't gotten at all since the beginning with some few exceptions. WE NEED NERFS
I said I want every char to be GOOD, rather than OP. Read for once
I didn't answer because you're asking me about something I never said.
Because I just don't like that kind of game design. I think it's overly stimulating and ultimately boring to have all chars be able to do bullshit in one form or another.
Anyway, Zack just got unbanned by all VGBC events, which are like 70% of all relevant/big events. Most will follow their steps. You sure might be terrible, but I'm glad not everyone is like you.
Mhm I'm glad we agree on the rest, then.
Hahahahaha, dude you're so ignorant and desperate. Ally has just competed in **one** local who's TO was his friend. Zack has been competing in his local since day 1 of his ban. He named himself "secretary" to not get too much attention at first but now he goes by CaptZack again. Now, he is unbanned by literally the biggest TO organization in the Smash scene. What are u gonna say to this?
girl this trinity reference is NOT missed
I know you’re joking, but this buff actually matters lol
