the last few k are tougher because you actually need a better win rate to climb. matchmaking is lax in master tier, but in lower points you can get +150 / win and -70 a loss versus high point opponents letting you climb with a lower win rate. but when you're high points yourself it's always going to be +100/-100.
grats, i've seen a lot of blood GM posts but this is the first that i've seen do it with Urias.
Yggdrasil blessing of creation Michelle mind reader Devil of the gaps Zoe Queen is hope
I always stay positive ^^
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij35S8OLsNs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij35S8OLsNs)
i kinda stopped playing HS but damn that crystology buff is making me come back to try it out. what a juicy change.
im a bit irked they started doing these and not more crystal deals. oh well.
draw 14 cards. your opponent seperates them into 2 piles, then you pick a pile to be your starting hand.
in the official article they said that in their experimentation, eternal formats were not affected. even bazzar of bagdad decks (dredge). in short, even though combo players got t heir combo more frequently, sideboard counter cards also appeared more frequently, so it's balanced.
i'm a moderate whale and i don't get these, because they are too late. the only time i buy 100 crystals a pack is day 1 of a new expansion. so if this deal existed right when a new expansion drops, then i will buy it. but this late in i kinda have all the cards so i don't need to buy this overpriced bundle.
yuumi nerfs already? did i miss something did yuumi get overbuffed or what. i remember first week people said yuumi is the most useless champ ever.
why is it different than his stream though? both are his pov. unless his stream he isn't trying hard and just relaxing.
" Right now, esports are still considered fairly shady. So, we build credibility by running good, clean events one at a time, and spectators come to trust that. " &amp;#x200B; i can't speak for other events personally, but from the couple times i tried out SV Open tournements on battlefy, i will say that the process is run pretty well even at the bottom end. i know i read a lot of drama and problems with admins etc in other games at the bottom end (sometimes even top) but i rarely see issues with sv. they also keep their player point tracking on a detailed excel sheet that is public for everyone to see.
For reference, past birthday is leader poll and special take 2 GP with pool of strong cards.
ESTC calls thank me later
what's interesting is that these 3 decks started out as weak archetypes; they weren't actually dominant for an entire year. lions started off as a passable low budget deck good for newer players, but people wanted more support for lions cuz the concept was cool and it was nice to give budget players a strong option. arcus was revealed as "meh" and was mostly a forgotten card until tons of support later (Though, i do not recall players asking for arcus support). DFB started off as a support card for Jorm decks which was popular but not high in power level, people also clamored for more support for pain blood. then when omen came in, pain blood became a full deck with Jorm out of the picture. &amp;#x200B; You either die a meme, or live long enough to become the tier 1 cancer.
&gt;consistent gains though theta gang just got shitblasted off the map by Tesla the past month.
2600$ is not life changing, u don't belong here
u not a fan of mini expac legendaries it seems
i usually like to play green based (sultai/bant/golgari/selesnya/simic) value town decks in singleton, and all of them include guardian project and beast whisperer.
bynd and docu call spreads. im rdy
weelp. lose on docu call and win on bynd call. i got used to losing so much i'll freakin take a 50/50.
101/104 spread so super conservative play. good enough.
lets be real you just wanted to flex that animated lecia
sold some bynd $125p expiring today for some "lITeraLLy FrEe mOnEY"
i really love golgari/sultai value town in singleton. after war i decided to drop blue splash and go straight golgari (i will miss krasis and muldrotha though) &amp;#x200B; 1 Jadelight Ranger (RIX) 136 1 Carnage Tyrant (XLN) 179 1 Vraska, Golgari Queen (GRN) 213 1 Underrealm Lich (GRN) 211 1 Woodland Cemetery (DAR) 248 1 Ravenous Chupacabra (RIX) 82 1 Vraska's Contempt (XLN) 129 1 Find // Finality (GRN) 225 1 Overgrown Tomb (GRN) 253 1 Merfolk Branchwalker (XLN) 197 1 Paradise Druid (WAR) 171 10 Forest (WAR) 264 1 Midnight Reaper (GRN) 77 1 Memorial to Folly (DAR) 242 1 Karn, Scion of Urza (DAR) 1 1 Llanowar Elves (DAR) 168 1 Casualties of War (WAR) 187 1 Ob Nixilis's Cruelty (WAR) 101 1 Karn's Bastion (WAR) 248 1 Moment of Craving (RIX) 79 1 Vivien Reid (M19) 208 1 Doom Whisperer (GRN) 69 1 Deathsprout (WAR) 189 1 Foul Orchard (RIX) 188 1 Golgari Guildgate (GRN) 249 1 Nissa, Who Shakes the World (WAR) 169 1 Davriel, Rogue Shadowmage (WAR) 83 1 Planewide Celebration (WAR) 172 1 Dryad Greenseeker (M19) 178 1 The Eldest Reborn (DAR) 90 1 Tendershoot Dryad (RIX) 147 1 Leyline Prowler (WAR) 202 1 God-Eternal Bontu (WAR) 92 1 District Guide (GRN) 128 1 Guardian Project (RNA) 130 1 Incubation Druid (RNA) 131 1 Biogenic Ooze (RNA) 122 1 Ugin, the Ineffable (WAR) 2 1 Druid of the Cowl (M19) 177 1 Kitesail Freebooter (XLN) 110 1 Bond of Flourishing (WAR) 155 1 Thaumatic Compass (XLN) 249 1 Liliana, Dreadhorde General (WAR) 97 8 Swamp (WAR) 258
lmao i put in a limit order for bynd $140c buy to close for .40 it closed under 140 and it still didn't fill. just goes to show that people don't even want to sell a volitile option thats OTM even with seconds left on the clock.
i think i experienced the biggest heart rate jump in my life when bynd hit 149. that fucker was sitting chill between 133 and 138 so i was like why not i sold some 2 hour to expiry calls "LiTeRAlLY fREe MonEY" 140, 141, 142 strikes. when it hit 149 my account suddenly dropped like what, $4k or some crazy shit i was liek L:KSJFLJLKNOOOOO luckily it sunk back down. the craziest lucky save was i made a limit order at 148 to buy to close 1 of the calls but it didn't fill. not sure how even on its way back down but thank the lord it didn't fill. &amp;#x200B; was thrilling, will do again.
why does class/test have only 1 option/letter labeled, but the middle one has 4 options/letter labeled?
yea i bought motherfukin T. it was the safest and least likely to drop any further and had had a good dividend. ... T was 32 in 2008. T is 32 right now. &amp;#x200B; literally any any fucking stock i could have just had my cat press random buttons or throw darts at a dartboard to choose would have done better than T. kill me.
Assuming not trolling here's a serious answer: I've won two GP's (one of which is with korwa forest) which is well above the average rate of 1/32 chance (@ 50% win rate). It's a combination of skill and luck but most importantly, playing to your outs is really important which is what i will cover here. I play a lot of sv and my win rate versus high GM players is around 45-50% but around low masters is around 70%, there is an insane skill difference. GM players usually have a good start, that's cuz they are good at mulligan. if they have a good start they are poised to win the game. However there are games where I get a huge lead and it looks like he can't come back, and he comes out with exact lethal out of nowhere. any lesser player would have lost for sure. &amp;#x200B; Playing to outs is one of the most important skill testing aspects of the game. it's basically UTILIZING RNG as a skill. Here's a briefer: \-When you are ahead, play safer to secure the victory, don't let the enemy even get a 1% chance to win. this means if you are at a low life total and you have strong late game for sure: lets say agains't an aggro deck, you have a board with 2 7/7's and he has 2 1/1's, and you are able to play 3 more 7/7's this turn. that means trade your 7/7 into his 1/1 to prevent his 1/1 from potentially doing more damage to you. you will have 5 7/7's on board afterward which is enough to lethal him next turn. while it feels bad to miss hitting him in the face for 14, bringing him down to 6 is useless if you have 35 points of damage next turn. whereas if he has two 1/1's that can damage your low life total it can give him a window to win. \--Being ahead means playing around stuff. that means you need to know your opponent's deck and **be prepared for his best possible play that turn**. **If you expect and prepare for you opponent's perfect draw, you will not keep feeling he got "lucky' because you play around him getting "lucky".** Say you have a good foothold on the game but if he plays T7 galmieux you can get blown out. then save your cards so he can't get good value out of galmieux. I've played against high GM and drawn a god hand and still lost because he always makes it super awkward for me to play my best cards. remember, getting the best cards also means you're very predictable. 9 mana prince? go all in before hand don't let him drop price safely or if he does then you just kill him. If you're playing aggro and you know Ceres is going to destroy you, leave a minion at 4 health to prevent a 3/6 ceres. trade accordingly. Keep tabs on removal spell increments. for example, haven has no way to do 1 damage, but can banish 3 damage for 2 mana. that means if you have 2 minions you can potentially evo trade, when you choose to evolve something, evolve in such a way that you leave something with say, 1 health an 4 health remaining, instead of 2 and 3. Also for haven you don't want to evolve tall going into his t5, this gets you blown out by assault priest. vs sword you want to keep track of the leod + ivory pings. this is usually 5 damage so try to get 6+ toughness on the board. keep in mind due to rng the minion with the highest health is the most likely to survive. for example if you have 3 1/1's and a 7/3, the 7/3 is most likely to survive and is enough of a threat to contest a leod+ivory play. \-When you are behind, play riskier. This means don't play around anything. Lets say you're up against dragon and you failed to pressure him extremely, and you're going into his t7 and you know you can't outlast a prince later on. You vomit everything you got going into t7 and forget about galmieux. if he has it you lose anyway. if you play around it and durdle around, eventually you lose to prince anyway. but if eh doesn't' have galmieux, you may have a chance, maybe top deck lila and lily, giving you \~10-20% chance to steal a victory. &amp;#x200B; it's a wall of text but it's really just the tip of the iceberg on edging out that extra win rate. &amp;#x200B; Finally of course in the short run you can get dicked on and bomb out 0-2 (which happened to me many times, it sucks, but most of these i analyze the replay and i could have played better), but now there are many GP's so in the long run a skilled player should definitely be able to claim a few titles. keep your head up, study your replays, and keep step by step improvement. you'll get there.
it's surprisingly lower variance than you'd think. there are so many similar cards that are redundant in function. for example, instead of 4 incubation druid, you'd have 1 incubation druid, paradise druid, dryad greenseeker, druid of the cowl, district guide. removal? instead of 4 chupacabra, you'd have 1 chupcabra, cast down, ob nixilus cruelty, walk the plank. finishers? instead of 4 carnage tyrant or 4 biogenic ooze, you'd have 1 carnage tyrant, biogenic ooze, tendershoot dryad, god eternal rhonas. &amp;#x200B; that being said, hyper aggressive and super control decks get toned down a notch. can't have 4 kayas wrath and 4 run away steam kins / viashino pyromancers etc. even then though, still viable. counters - disdainful stroke, cancel, devious cover up, quench, etc. sweepers - 1 kaya, cleaning nova, ritual of soot, time wipe. so esper control is still almost just as frustrating to play against as regular one, but not as insane.
I woudl rather get 200c than 90p at this point
wheres the match history?
it wasn't even just "sucked" people were saying she was literal garbage and even factoring in "skill" and "people don't know how to play her yet" they still said shes useless. even after hotfix i saw comments like "oh shes 80% of a champ instead of 60%". [https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/bor2pk/yuumi\_winrate\_so\_far\_is\_2971/](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/bor2pk/yuumi_winrate_so_far_is_2971/) reference thread
When I first saw Nissa spoiled I thought it would only be good in mono green decks, because it only doubled forests mana, not all mana (like Nikya of the old ways). Little did I know it would make its way into 2 let alone 3 color decks.
score summary: g1, shadow, master with no flair, went first, win g2, sword, master with Omen rotation cup champion, went first, loss g3, sword, master with Brigade GM, went second, loss. 1-2. &amp;#x200B; overall pretty inline with my experience. Hardest difficulty opponents are: Current season GM -&gt; Master with GM flair / Master with Cup champion flair - &gt; Regular master. gm's are just so hard to beat. (I wear cup champion flair myself, but still only sport around 50% win rate against gm's)
I used to not but once I started tracking stats with opponentsrank and flairs I definitely noticed. Sure sometimes I get stomped by a pro skilled B rank player but it’s less likely than GM in the long run.
Looks like Dionne
Do the attacks have to connect or just issue the command is enough?
Dang rip those bant decks that used God eternal oketra
nice article but a criticism on wording in nicola section. \&gt; Playing Nicola on turn 2 is effectively just passing your turn. it really isn't, 1/1 is still something, especially when the 1/1 cycles itself. it's like saying Water Fairy is a useless card, playing water fairy is effectively passing your turn. secondly, should be noted clear that you still play it if you have nothing else to play. like if you have another 2 drop, like deadly dreamer for sure you play dreamer. if you have lady grey though, goign 2nd thats even debatable, i'd even play nicola over lady grey. but my point is that you made it sound like playing nothing is better than playing nicola which should be more clear. &amp;#x200B; similar situation with fran. if i have nothing else to play on turn 3, i will gladly play 0/1 and 3/2. in fact fran is my highest played on 3, over nicola, big soul hunter, and deep dream with no trades.
While I do agree getting 10 less dbne packs is not a big deal at all, I’m surprised people even noted it (and also agree this sub is too negative overall) but the general statement doesn’t stand- if they gave say, only 10 packs this year instead of 50, it’s still 10 free packs which is nice but that would be disappointing.
what about anyone with a statline with at least those? like, &gt;9, &gt;17, &gt;20. but yea 20 assists with only 9 points seems really awkward, there's not really a true "support" position in basketball (point guard is closest)
oh wow i didn't know this, thought it was % based. so this means that pokemon with high attack (like TTar) gets more value out of high IV into def/HP than attack, and pokemon wiht high defense (like cloyster) gets more value out of attack IV.
GG HAVEN SLEEVE FINALLY i can stop making this comment in every GP thread (though hopes for Zoe are now completely dashed)
that seems like a good mix actually, when you put it like that.
i had to check my calandar if it was april 1st. still though is this a troll post or real? i really can't
sadly, LM7 (illustrator) leaders don't get voted too highly. we also have Zoe and Laura this time around lets see how they do. i swear like half the alt leaders are Mushimaro leaders (though he's kind of the face of shadowverse as an illustrator).
hope a text post is ok: Michelle, Dionne, Prophetess, Galmieux, Aenea, Mono, Zoe, Maisha.
Ya. LM7 (illustrator for zoe, laura, charon) and onineko (illustrator for michelle; aether warrior wing or deadly dreamer didn't make it) don't have leaders yet. Right now pretty much leaders are dominated by Mushimaro (though he's kind of the face of shadowverse as an illustrator). If Lishenna wins, then every single one of Ponzu's leaders has made it in. (Filene, Orchis, Lishenna, +Anne Mysterian Prodigy), that would be quite an impressive track record.
this is cool. if you have time if you could also add the illustrator column for them that would be perfect.
my meat is beyond beat
does the emblems stack? cuz if so then it's only that case if you remove it immediately. otherwise it's 1+2+3+4... etc
i always thought it was interesting that- slow pings every turn is both a red ability and an Orzhov ability. 1 time drain (like lightning helix) is both a black ability and a Boros ability.
have sold puts and holding OTM calls. blackmansweating.gif
will the shop actually work if you afk for awhile instead of having to restart?
my meat is no longer beyond beat. thank god. anyone plying LULU? i'm sitting out this time. seems too high to go up much more but i don't anticipate a huge drop either. maybe ill just sell a 195c.
selling $DATA puts = lITerAllY fReE mONey
even slightly OTM is good enough. 160s, 162, 6/14 or 6/21 are all fine. "iT lITERALLY CANT GO DOWN" it's already going to be bought out why would it?
that's correct but what i don't know is if the price is based on the price in that point in time, or if it's actually dynamic moving forward. if it's dynamic then yea the DATA price will follow CRM, otherwise it should be quite fixed
forget futures. i just need bynd to go to 200.
belphomet looks like he's checking out urias like that guy checking out girl with his gf meme.
fyi the previous selected shop-only stained glass art styles (like Teferi time ravaler) are no longer in the store and replaced by new ones. but is not able to be redeemed anymore. (if you go to collection, says 'requires bundle' but there is no bundle) that means they are limited time only. nissa and others this time around. edit: jk im blind
unless i'm blind, where? store-&gt;card styles. all i see is bolas, chandra, domri, karn, nissa stained glass styles for gems.
rtn u better only keep going up from here thx
anyone playing AVGO? gunna sit out this time. dont even know which direction.
wow congrats avgo put holders
$APLE
i thought when there are no creeps left the buildings have backdoor protection?
The fastest globe I ever spent that I didn’t even hesitate cuz I thought she would fit into a ton of archetypes. Didn’t expect her to get irrelevant so fast. Luckily I did use her extensively in vengeance and jorm blood that expansion.
faust has a cool ability i actually like it, but he's just a bit undertuned. but he can be really oppressive to play against if he was buff, since it's super snowbally like Mjerrabaine.
what the, why would that get removed
is that albert's voice narrating? pretty sick.
1 mana alexstraza, 1 mana malygos ... oh wait
maybe i'm overvaluing them but surprised to not see any entrancing melody and callous dismissal. they put in work for me, easy way to deal with their token. Also, 1 of sleep or cosmotronic wave type of cards is a good way to break board stalls. people aren't trading much, just sitting back on minions.
just a reminder, June set is the biggest audience set. it's the set where they promote shadowverse the most, mainly thru Anime Expo, which is why there are so much social quests and newbie friendly promotions. (if you look at steamdb, june set always has the most players [https://steamdb.info/app/453480/graphs/](https://steamdb.info/app/453480/graphs/) )
this card is great, but "1 star cuz priest won't see play"
I saw this fast and didn’t get the point at first so I was like, I duno man, I would rather have eachtar reprinted than fates hand reprinted in the future. Really not a fan of fates hand.
oh wow, a full video cutscene for playing new zeus? kappa
i totally didn't buy it, they supported Omens and Lions post expansion so it was actually more likely than not they would support machina.
Dies to ivory sword dance, 0/10
Rulenye mechanic is a good counter. It’s just that he himself is undertuned but the mechanic is solid. Would be better if it also affected drawn cards but as it is now it can be budgeted accordingly.
pinion lake, imo, is not as good as it looks. reason is that rush coming out during evolve turns is deceptively less useful. during evolve turns you want to evolve your stuff, which is why gemstone was competitive. pinion lake 3/5 rush that is telegraphed allows your opponent to play around, and can create a state where you either have to evolve your 3/5 rush which is low value, or evolve something else to trade while the 3/5 just sits back doing nothing, also low value.
75750 passing
663784755, master, and ty
not a better paula in all cases. the bounce is not optional. i was literally thinking of this last night, if they printed a 2/2 bounce ally that's highly likely but would it actually be any good. you can't play it on curve as a normal 2/2 so its more situational. edit: looks like i'm wrong here if it's playable on empty board it's insanely good yes. though slight drawback if you do end up playing water fairy t1.
not an on curve ward. unless i'm reading incorrectly, the bounce is not optional so you can't play him if you have an empty board going into t2. (and if you have say water fairy well you have to bounce your fairy even if you don't want to)
not congregate. congregate is super good cuz it counts all minions including enemies, making it super strong in multiplayer. most lifegain based on minions these days only count your own.
and it wont force to bounce the dungeoncrawl? i need to test this. in other games the minion enters play before fanfare , i expected sv to be the same, so would make sense that it would ask to bounce your own minion.
\&gt;Twin Sword Demon is neither a sword nor blood card.
bells is a cool design. sacred plea was too good going first but weak topdeck later, bells gives it a bit of bonus for getting it later, but 1 life gain on turn 1 does nothing.
grats, i don't vial my cards but i'm at 530k if i press liquify all. i'm so stingy with my vials because ideally i only spend vials on globes while trying to open cards i need naturally from packs. i was just saying yesterday to a friend, burn rune with vesper/orichalcum is so expensive i would never craft these legendaries for a deck i barely even play. crafting cost is almost the cost of 1 full globe, i'd get far more mileage out of 1 globe.
sold some bynd 200c's
200/230 spread to be precise, $155 each. im also long term bullish so any flat day or slight drop i'm just going to buy it back. so as long as it doesn't skyrocket tomorrow i'm good to go.
finally a jeskai card that's mechanically khan's of tarkir jeskai tribe makes so much more sense than something like Jodah archmage eternal.
i normally don't buy market manipulation or bs like this but those $10 nonsense had me really infuriated. like who the fuk actually believes that shit, obvious trolling. who calls $10 on a $200 stock. and the fact that the market reacted accordingly like wow.
\&gt;One of the main reasons we'd chosen to return to making a core set was the need to have a product that served as a good on-ramp for new players. The normal Standard-legal sets are fun, but they're aimed more at the current player than the novice &amp;#x200B; back in the old days MTG used to label their sets with difficulty ratings. normal expansions were "expert", core sets were "advanced" and Portal was "beginner". they got rid of them but sets definitely still have difficulty in them. for example right now: Core set would be 'easy', normal expansions are "advanced" and supplemental sets, especially freaking modern horizons is definitely "expert".
Don’t think prison will see play. Unleash is superior and running both isn’t great because prison isn’t a good top deck unlike unleash. Dire bond is also superior and didn’t see a ton of play. 3 3/3 shroud is aight. Mainyu saw some play as tech card against shift, and I thought Sonia would be bonkers and make waves but actually didn’t so I don’t think I will overrate this one.
onineko card in dragoncraft, that's a first i think? probably looks amazing animated.
that 2/2 discard a card draw a card is kind of a payoff. people play that to pitch the loot to draw a new card.
aogiri did Carbuncle's Sparkle, you can see the styles in this one are quite similar.
that's what people said about last expansion
u bet i did. my 390c's that i paid $800 for were $5 yesterday and are now $50.
78439 passing
9/10 globe candidate
here's my guess: you will always have every legendary in standard except the newest expansion. so when the next set comes out you will have free legendaries up to steel rebellion. then when the set after the next set comes out (september set), you will get the june set's legendaries.
this cards pretty GG. [https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=382398](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=382398) vedelken orrery was some spicy shit back in the day. however requiring double blue if you don't get lucky restricts some of the decks that can use it unlike orrery.
Dota2 makes my cpu run to 95 degrees C. Ridiculous
Aloma did Salvation Ex Limonia which is a super nice piece.
i like it, discard is upkeep so if opponent removes it on his turn then you don't suffer a 2:1. when you discard it'sy our turn so you should get to swing. therefore only instant removal will screw you. (it's k just play teferi amirite)
prefer \[\[rhox war monk\]\] myself
BA bro hurry up to the party
i ask myself every day why the fuk i held SQ instead of SHOP last year
sellsword lucius enhanced, if played on turn 5.
laughs in arcus and truth's adjudication
16220 passing
damn, puppet shock is so good. might even be better than substitution in a lot of cases. deal 5 total damage, 4/1 split for 3 mana is so damn good while being able to save the puppet for later. i guess portal could use the help.
lol hoverboard mercenary is so good, makes forest hermit (forest 3 mana 2/2 draw a mech) look so bad. hoverboard even has implications in unlimited. this can slot into aggro dragon as copies 3-6 of dragon summoner... except it always pulls byron.
fuk this shit i held everything except my 6/21 VMW 170c and thats the one that goes up and didn't drop today.
slack up, bought at 40.
KMX put for the lulz.
goddamnit buffing mono blue tempo, not good
artifact duplicator reminds me of Baleful necromancer. genesis dragon: fanfare, cause this sub to complain nonstop about this card and dragon.
70381 passing
shadowcraft amulet is gunna be some serious bullshit. i hated playing against tribunal and now it's back.
dragon: masamune's bane rush will kill it easily, plus a plethora of prince cards. forest: fairies, bounce (vajano for example), and bane if running lycoris.
nah noone in the right mind is going to evolve that guy to gain no stats and no rush (already has rush) just for that clause. there are far better other cards to evo than this, assuming you even still have one on 8.
would have stabilized and maybe even won had you done- keep dragoncrawl fairy, play it turn 2 instead of amulet. turn 3 play liza and trade off the fairy. turn 4 play grimnir, then play arborist and evolve arborist over someting he has. then ram liza into one of his 2/1's. this gives you a 3/1 and 2/3 ward going into his albert turn.
nice new arts for the mtg arena deck box covers.
what the this cards super good
still not as bad as techies mines that literally kill you if clustered and also defends a base singlehandedly , dragging games out to 2+ hours.
i'm actually super curious to how this guy sounds being voiced by proZD
is it just me or am i hearing his pronunciation of "vengeance" like "benyance" &amp;#x200B; i was wondering what's so 'heartsick' about this demon, until i saw evolved art (3:20)
as if we didn't have enough of Celia's despair's messenger already
yea it's good but my reasons are different. 1. 2/2 ward for 2 baseline is good. minions with cool conditional effects are extra good when the worst case scenario is good which it is. 2. elena's prayer amulet the first one is super important, any one beyond the first isn't as useful therefore diminishing returns. locking behind evo means you don't need to evo to get extra copies, and therefore once you have your prayer you still get 2/2 ward for 2 the rest of the game, never a dead card. who knows maybe those shadow Silence cards might actually be good vs elana decks.
damn that's a nice pack. animated forte, all 3 legends are played in high tier decks. one of the better packs i've see on this sub.
i'm actually with you on here. i think they had no choice but to push vengeance condition to be easily met. because you know what's the other alternative? make vengeance payoff too fucking good. the latter solution is actually more dangerous, despite what people think on the surface. if they made a card like 5 mana, if you are in vengeance, gain 20 attack, storm, and ability to ignore ward. ok finally a competitive vengeance card. now its really just ok can you get your 10 damage nuke on his face before he insta kills you which is arguably more degenerate. similarly they could go a route where you just become invincible. Zooey's Mask of Death - amulet, if you are in vengeance, your hero's life cannot be reduced below 1. also degenerate. &amp;#x200B; what's going on here is really just an experiment to see what happens if vengeance is baseline, with moderate/tame payoffs, would that even be enough to compete with current meta decks? probably even not. if not then they can slowly print better vengeance payoff cards. once the payoff cards become too good baseline, THEN they can go and nerf vengeance activators like temptress. (i think having turn condition like flauros is most reasonable, but tbh turn 1 2/3 isn't even the most broken thing you can do in unlimited these days) this is not even the first time they boost a mechanic like this. City of Gold is a card that boosts future amulets. HELL, even fukin relinquish reason if you think about it, boosts your upcoming draws. if hypothetically your deck's vengeance cards consisted of "your minions get +2 attack in vengeance" then relinquish reason just puts you in vengeance. but 2 attack is a weak vengeance payoff, which is my point above. anyway its a bit of a stretch but was just showing a point. honestly a decent move by cygames if this is what their intention is. my 2c.
art looks like a legendary but its a 1 mana 1/1 bronze.
&gt;Fanfare: Enhance(7): Gains +4/+4. &gt; &gt;Enhance(10): Then gains +4/+4. Poor man's zebet.
forest silver, finally a cheap card to give cynthia to evo on the same turn. 8 mana 4/4 rush, 5/7, 3 1/1's.
zwei is actually so damn overbudgeted ithink she can carry the class alone. are u kidding me, evo's that's 4/4 rush, 3/1 rush with first strike, and 2/2 worth of puppet rush, in othewords you can do up to 5 damage without suffering a casualty, while leaving a 4/4 and 3/1 remaining afterwards, and the 4/4 can still pick off a small minion. if not you can distribute how you like, puppets into a 1/1 and 2/1, 3/1 first stirke into a 4/3, etc. this can often be a 3-4 for 1. if you compare this with Zirnitra from chronogenesis it's almost the same but 2 mana cheaper. the literal only downside is it can't remove a ceres. but you can use lococo if that's a problem.
they forgot to add the totem of madness (from eidolon) token.
Pretty sure all of Ponzu’s leaders ended up winning and became leaders
is this a leader effect? cuz if not, the first clause may as well not exist, it's just a 7/7 rush that refunds some pp.
forte died for this?
onineko got a buncha cards this time, good shit.
Zwei is busted, will singlehanded carry portal
they're overreacting. expected. but the existence of smite will still have an impact on the meta, even if the card isn't played, just it existing means the combination of elena+lishenna decks cannot be a huge part of the meta, it's really just a safety valve. this allows cygames to tune up elena/lishenna decks more than usual because the safety valve exists.
im going to write a guide on globes soon, but in short prioritize cards that see a lot of play (like liza), and cards that generate other cards (orchis, prince of cocytus). also it's generally better to animate different legends than the same one to get more animated arts, but some hardcore people will animate 3 of something they super love.
84627 passing
RISK FREE MONEY STRAT: sell options on DATA, 35% IV, buy the same options on CRM 31% IV. data follows crm exactly due to acquisition. delta neutral "aRBiTRaGe pLAy" liTErALlY rISK fFreE
and when that balance patch for tahm was revealed people said "rip he ded"
i got kokkoro already, gunna have to skip this.
not too excited for most of these cards except alwida and Meet the levin sisters which is super cool, good candidates for globe. Beauty and the beast seems much more like a sword card, but byron and mars seem more like forest cards, which i would have preferred, but nevertheless i'm still pretty happy with splashing for other class's mechanics a bit.
mostly agree here except i think dryad is a bit low. Unpopular opinion but I'm actually high on dryad, it's difficult to remove like vira/ceres but also adds 2 fairies which you don't get much these days but are more valuable than ever to feed to cynthia. dryad is prob my favorite forest card this set, i have it at 7.5/10 (A-). Maybe i'm biased cuz the evo art is super nice but i still think it will see play, at least i will. and harvest season i have as trash tier, 3/10 or D+. i can't see myself ever playing this, there's just way better options. i would rather run that Forest whispers amulet and izudia amulet over this if i'm desperate for card draw. and with dryad already +2 card hand size it's just unnecessary.
i just realized how ridiculous Kel is compared to Ancient Lion Spirit which actually saw play back in the day.
"A sword to pierce any shield," shouted the bladesmith."A shield to stop all swords," argued the shieldsmith.Both were squashed by a dragon, so the truth was never known. —Fighting at the Feet of Dragons, "The How and Why" Genesis dragon flavor text, this flavor text is very MTG-esque.
i guess i must be sleeping on olivia. i thought she was terrible on reveal, just a slightly cheaper Raina Evolution's Herald. but i guess in evo focused deck, shes a way way cheaper Raina which i suppose a big deal. i just cant help but think olivia is really jsut a vanilla 5/5 that grants an evo to a smaller minion. it's often weaker than playing a huge impactful 8,9,10 drop that wins games, and also uses 2 cards to boot. but we'll see, some evo effects are really game winning so might be worth adding a card that just restores evo points. &amp;#x200B; Dryad is actually my favorite card. not sure about it being amazing but i'm looking forward to using it. hard removal isn't used too much except freaking fiery embrace will be in standard forever, so removing dryad will cost the enemy hefty resources. the evo art is really sweet, and also adds fairies to feed for cynthia.
expected results. Ponzu continuing with 100% win rate on his leader (Lishenna). (Maybe not 100% if magnolia is done by him, but still another win) Soji hisakata with another win (seraph) mayoko gets a win with liza (only vania is a current leader of his) new illustrator winners 77gl (galmieux) and liiko (dionne) and irua with 2 wins (prophetess, mono) onineko (michelle) and LM7 (zoe, laura, charon) lost and for once mushimaro (sylvia) didn't get a win this round.
LUCKY ill trade you my animated lathams for that
"I'm here everyone\~"
not quite. Arisa, Cass, and Aria are all similar because they are mushimaro characters. At least liza isn't, she is drawn by the artist who did Luna, Vania (huge fan favorite), and Fenrir. so actaully liza is more of a refreshing change than another "Arisa/cass/forte/olivia" look alike. Still would have liked Michelle but liza is actually ok.
We actually have a good illustrator mix this time. &amp;#x200B; Ponzu continuing with a high win rate on his leader (Lishenna). Soji hisakata with another win (seraph) mayoko gets a win with liza (only vania is a current leader of his) new illustrator winners 77gl (galmieux, previously only Korwa who isn't a vote) and liiko (dionne) and irua with 2 wins (prophetess, mono) unfortunately, onineko (michelle) and LM7 (zoe, laura, charon) lost and for once mushimaro (sylvia) didn't get a win this round. This one's important cuz people were getting tired of arisa/cass/aria who were all mushimaro characters thats why they look so similar. mushimaro is the most common illustrator for the leaders we have so having him absent this time is a refreshing change.
im in MU, sold 31p's 6/28, bought 33c's 7/5.
kind of crazy, even by modern powercrept standards, old liza is a good card. such a big upside for that 2/2 for 2.
I actually like the english voice more than the JP voice for dionne. fight me. also liiko illustrator hasn't had a leader yet.
&gt;[https://imgur.com/r/Shadowverse/93a51](https://imgur.com/r/Shadowverse/93a51) wow looking at this makes it even sadder for LM7 illustrator. he has had so many nominations and never won. pascale, aina, charon, laura, zoe. most of these even got new versions and they still didn't win. rip will never see zoe or cinderella, their competition is always too high.
forgot which card but they also teased Luna, werewolf queen on a flavor text 1-2 sets ago. of course will likely get a name change but decent chance she becomes a card.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/c5ghj7/seers\_globe\_guide\_making\_the\_best\_pick/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/c5ghj7/seers_globe_guide_making_the_best_pick/)
ya, to be fair, aenea's sprite in story mode isn't as nice as her in the legendary card.
Some bronzes have really legendary artwork. Examples: Zealot of Disdain, Mino Crafty Reaper, Moriae Encomium, Joy of Destruction, Crimson Desire, Death the Nyctophile, Astrologist of the Mist, Orcus. Any of those could really fit a legendary frame.
I made a bad example of poseidon actually, i have one. the art himself sucks but the animation is great like you said, and his guards look good too. i'll edit it to something else that someone can dispute me again.
what! dead recently? is he an old guy or unfortunate accident?
/u/vroad usually posts them when expansion hits. previous expac: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/b6a38s/steel\_rebellion\_animated\_legendaries/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/b6a38s/steel_rebellion_animated_legendaries/)
Kinda a bad set for dragon. nothing particularly exciting so i won't be jumping on trying new stuff for dragon on day 1. full review here [https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/c4ih3m/rebirth\_of\_glory\_dragoncraft\_review/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowverse/comments/c4ih3m/rebirth_of_glory_dragoncraft_review/)
i definitely prefer hearthstone's animated crafting system there, but the thing is initially globes didn't exist. animated cards were only obtainable thru packs so they were considered an exclusive item. if you saw an animated legendary you think holy shit! so lucky, he had to have opened that. they later introduced globe for a hefty price tag to preserve the exclusivity of animated cards.
[https://external-preview.redd.it/Sj8KLbU\_JcTlaxHJDI-QLm2WgkNjJx7qpLp1UDk6slE.jpg?auto=webp&amp;s=e89e6acc9e2a652e282a6cf780c0167b824a16b9](https://external-preview.redd.it/Sj8KLbU_JcTlaxHJDI-QLm2WgkNjJx7qpLp1UDk6slE.jpg?auto=webp&amp;s=e89e6acc9e2a652e282a6cf780c0167b824a16b9)
im a little sad moon and sun rotated out. globed it day 1 and it was a nice fit for elana decks. still have it in my unlimited list.
lecia is great actually, i wasnt sure if she was used in unlimited lists. usually the safest globes also see unlimited play so when they rotate out it's not rotting.
huge support at 120-125 range so i sell puts there on a red day. resistance at 180-190 so i sell calls on a green day.
can't give me emergency powers if i got 4 already
its cuz theres barely any angel payoff cards. lyra is the only one. the rest are just "any tribe' payoff in which it's usually like a +1/+1 buff, this is much better for wide, low cost tribes than heavy ones. something like if angel ETB gain life equal to its converted mana cost can go a long way to boosting the tribe.
yup i was going to mention that card, just forgot the name. i'm definitely going to try it out with this guy. also really nifty with divine visitation. though still my original point stands, even bishop of wings the ability benefits a bunch of small creatures, not less big ones, cuz it's a flat rate per creature. like bishop would incentivize you to run a buncha little angels like Resplendent and any 2 mana ones (not sure if any in standard i dont think so), than big ones.
for sure trying these out. if resplendent and bishop stick (a tall order) then angel of vitality will generate an angel for resplendent with gaining 5 life.
i opened a buncha shadow stuff and found osiris to be pretty good. khawy is like, made for him. khawy ressurects osiris and osiris ressurects khawy.
im at 20 augmentation bestowals
illustrator of liza, vania and hamelin, hopefully all the naysayers of liza winning can be quelled by this.
Don't really like Aisha but she has "Well Played' which is sick good.
more playable now, though not a great card. when used on an enemy strong follower it's likely to downgrade it, and when used on one of your weak skeletons/ghosts it's likely to upgrade it.
grimnir not worth? with jafnar and hnikar
June expansion gets the most audience cuz that's then they try their hardest to market to more people. for reference, last year's Brigade had a 21k peak, and this year it's 20k which is still very close and quite good. full stats here [https://steamdb.info/app/453480/graphs/](https://steamdb.info/app/453480/graphs/)
dang good shit. -65k loss, definitely mod status. but kept trucking and came back. i'm still trying to come back myself...
ya he's as insane in practice as on paper. i think the heal is the most oppressive part. so many games im about to win but the heal puts him barely out of range.
wasn't calls, he was 100% shares.
Meet the Levin sisters 1 pp spell. Add a Mina, Mona, or Mono to your hand. if overflow is active for you, add all 3.
had several opponents run their small minions to kill my dryad and fail. it's like the same thing with dealing with ceres and brambles.
&gt;Okami can really pull through lategame. i would actually have an extremely high win rate with forest vs blood if yurius didn't heal. actually at least half my games are barely lost because yurius heal when i drop a minion(s) for the kill. okami dropping 3 minions heals him for 3 absolutely messes with everything. 2 fairy + BnB heals him for 4. Predatory might you say? Not bad except yurius is a good handbuff target so he isn't always 1/5. especially free evo he's 5/5 so predatory won't target him all that much. despite this i'm running pretty close to 50% WR now but if yurius didn't' heal i'd definitely be in the positive.
yea i normally post decklists in comments like these but only if they are over 55% WR, but since you asked here [https://shadowverse-portal.com/deck/3.1.5zvAY.5zvAY.5zvAY.6a9vS.6dsjs.6dsjs.6dsjs.6l6b2.6l6b2.6l6b2.6VuyY.6lXRo.6lXRo.6lXRo.gDHrg.gDHrg.gDHrg.6hNKi.6a9vc.6a9vc.6a9vc.6hllC.6ld3A.6ld3A.6ld3A.6WJKC.6WJKC.6WJKC.6dxcC.6dxcC.6lU\_i.6lU\_i.6lU\_i.6hoBI.6hoBI.6hoBI.6lcKI.6hNKY.6hNKY.6hNKY?lang=en](https://shadowverse-portal.com/deck/3.1.5zvAY.5zvAY.5zvAY.6a9vS.6dsjs.6dsjs.6dsjs.6l6b2.6l6b2.6l6b2.6VuyY.6lXRo.6lXRo.6lXRo.gDHrg.gDHrg.gDHrg.6hNKi.6a9vc.6a9vc.6a9vc.6hllC.6ld3A.6ld3A.6ld3A.6WJKC.6WJKC.6WJKC.6dxcC.6dxcC.6lU_i.6lU_i.6lU_i.6hoBI.6hoBI.6hoBI.6lcKI.6hNKY.6hNKY.6hNKY?lang=en) &amp;#x200B; dryad is my favorite card this expansion for forest and so far it's been delivering quite well.
iirc when u press to globe something, i believe it tells u. seers globes 1-&gt;0. if u have 2 then shows 2-&gt;1.
i built this deck with a ton of card draw and able to go wide, which means a consistent early game. aggro your opponents hard, use evo's aggressively, this deck will run out of steam and cannot go toe to toe with the top decks in the late game. at 55% this isn't some crazy meta counter, but definitely viable. Kel is by far the most difficult card to deal with, i cannot remember the last time i won against a kel wiping my board. Yurius is also a pain, the healing puts him out of lethal range so often its tough to close out games. if kel and yurius gets hit with any kind of small nerf even this deck can easily reach 60%+ win rate.
what does machina and evo forest play turn 2 that's so great? &amp;#x200B; dryad is def not a popular card, it's just a card i personally like and will continue to use it. it was good enough for me to not cut it, even if there are better cards i will still continue to use it. i just like to play with cards i like, and figure out ways to win with them. that's what makes the game fun.
&gt;IF there exist a solution. this is honestly fine. if i never find one i still had fun in the process, like i said it's like solving a puzzle but i couldn't do it. however in the past including now, i always manage to at least get 50-55% win rate even with the bottom tier classes in each meta which honestly is satisfying enough. being able to go just even already feels good enough.
i was literally just thinking last night in the shower.. v blood... yurius. Yurius counters minions coming into play, and azazel counters big damage. what about a deck that doesnt really play followers and does damage in 3 dmg increments? wait a deck like that already exists. spellboost viridic ritual rune. light on followers, 2-3 damage increments. seems like a natural counter, though i don't play rune so i cant attest to its performance in game but its what i was thinking in theory.
Careful what you wish for, soldiers vow is 1-2 cards away from being batshit busted Otherwise they will just make a 4 mana 4/3 evolve summon a soldiers vow.
is it just me or does it ALWAYS seem like roach and D-shift players get lethal RIGHT BEFore i'm about to have lethal. anyway really sick , he tried to build a wall but still wasn't enough.
yes. 4 expansions per year, 8 total leaders, 2 per set.
This is the most lopsided meta i ever seen. I've never seen 1 representation of a single class this much before. However, at least v blood is an interactive deck (at least current builds are) and is inherently quite fun to play against. it's just that their cards are overtuned. the situation would actually be worse if they used the dark general/milnard route and killed you with only storm cards but right now they use stuff like medusa and board control cards. Ironically i likely would have qualified on the first try with forest had i gotten 5 bloods, but i "only" got 4 bloods and the last was elana which I couldn't beat this time.
Irony that Basilius would hit harder than karyl, denying you the draws from analyzing, and is a portal card.
Still having Basilius and Master mage Levi flashbacks
Costco really missing the party
Corpsewyrm fafnir is a decent play in this meta, usually better than Mammoth God. However he costs a fair amount of necromancy so have to make sure you have enough and if not then can cut something like legendary skeleton who uses up a ton of necro. I still prefer shinobu, important to note the UB does face damage which is important in the later stages of the game, and of course the aoe is 1 sided.
I think they will continue to exist in the form of cost reduction like D.succ and Ginger.
I’m short apple and long amd and amazon. While it stings Apple is mooning so hard at least the other 2 are also doing well so I guess mixed feelings. But good god that Apple retard strength, that shit was 140 last year, yeah a company really went from 700b to 1.3T valuation in a year? Ok
This is impressive. Reasons: 1- mostly a rotation deck (who’s power level in rotation isn’t even insane) with a few unlimited cards of power level you wouldn’t expect... 2- ... definitely didn’t expect white ridge swordman to make the cut wow, that guy hardly made rotation decks in the time. I got two animated too but the explanation about being good vs Elana is a good point. 3- mistolina in non natura deck is a welcome surprise. 4- I played a little bit of unlimited mid sword but I always assumed it had to be Arthur based since he is the most OP card so it’s surprising to see one not based on Arthur
damn bought a 0 day expiration AMD 48c for $50 and sold for $105 an hour later. shame i only spent $50
yea rtn, noc, lmt all up meanwhile BA is red guess what i have calls for
I remember during steadfast samurai reveal i was like, ... no way, invincible to combat damage? that's actually ridiculous. but people responded with "dies to spell removal" which is true, like magic missile, but still, it's a huge headache for many decks. Shizuru is a Vane with ward at 4 mana going 2nd, it's absolutely ludicrous and has boosted the sword going 2nd win rate significantly. More devastating play than Frontline Cavalier and Floral Fencer from the old days. all in all though i ran only around \~50-55% WR with it so i don't think its anything oppressive imo.
so question i didn't get- palp asks rey to kill him then he will possess her with his spirit and rule the world. she denies him that request. however later she kills him anyway. i was expecting him to attempt to possess her and she resists it and wins, but he didn't even attempt to possess her. why didn't he? didn't he want her to kill him? \-secondly, he said he wants her to kill him but he asked kylo to kill her, so i don't even know, does palp want rey alive or dead?
why is roku's IV so high for next week?
&gt;Canyon of the Windblast Dragons That would be 'Polyphonic Roar', sir
damn 3 animated mays, kokkoros and miracle of loves. some dedication there.
is it possible to use the existing lines they have in the game?
The world is not mistaken. ^(You are.)
interesting, running bone crane over spectre and ephemera. not really sure why.
\&gt; motherlode of all Pudding, someone as powerful as Luna must have a lot of it LMAO blood playrate 2.9% lol. that's inline with my experience, blood is almost extinct. i've seen Aragavy played a grand total of 1 time. the rest was like just Mono/Slayn decks (that are actually still decent, but who wants to play old decks)
thanks Roku
this actually hit so close to home. i actually gave it a spin (not exact list, it's about a mix of this and VC natura which is BETTER matchup vs Riley Rune than this). First match Riley Rune- got shitstomped into oblivion (riley + karyl) Deck's alright overall though but honestly don't really see it making waves. I remember Izudia Odin was semi competitive for awhile but was never a contender for a meta breaker.
we got a lot of Ponzu aethers from RoB, but will we get another Onineko aether? very unlikely. however the good news is that onineko might reprise some existing chars for people to enjoy (like Karyl this expac).
god that was annoying. finally did it with amataz (0 evo) after a series of terrible draws, game just didn't want to give me amataz. wasn't even the 100% perfect roll (3 circles into amataz + 2 smithings going first), just a normal high roll that you'd see on ladder. i did it with t1 fire grove, t2 whisperer, t3 circle smithing, t4 amataz smithing, t5 5x 4/2 storms for 20 damage. i even went second and luckily he didn't roll any wards.
9 minutes. i hired a babysitter just so i could watch this. no regrets.
Well, izudia clearly doesn't kill, that's his title. Karyl on the other hand, puts the "K" in Kill.
8 thought erasures LUL
what the that weapon looks like sc2's Tempest [https://starcraft.fandom.com/wiki/Tempest](https://starcraft.fandom.com/wiki/Tempest)
plz drop tesla plz drop tesla plzzz doesn't have to be much, just a little bit is good enough ^(sold500cs Blackmansweating.gif)
i think heavens gate okami+deepwood is best for 3 in 1
roku is gay
i sold them so its a huge relief. however my apple shorts are dicking me
Better a glorious death than an ignominious life.
based on what i've seen: \-amataz forest, item shop rune- fulfills no evo and kill before turn 8 \-heaven's gate swiftgait anomaly OTK - fulfills all 3
how times have changed. ral was used so much during war MTGA streamer prerelease for infinite combo dovin was used in mono W splash U aggro for a bit vivien was in bant midrange the one with 3 oketra and mana dorks mu wasn't featured in competitive lists but i have her in plenty of decks myself including simic elementals and azorius midrange, the art is just too good not to use
lol dude i had sold 500c's last week when tesla was 430. i was like, no fukin way it hits 500 thats asinine, literally free money (read: pennies in front of a steamroller) yesterday was some deep shit but actaully thank the lord for today there was a dip so the 500c's expiring 1/10 aren't going to lose me anything UNLESS tomorrow it moons i ended up selling a couple puts as well to "hedge" the call sells so its officially an IC now. 440/460//500/540 so if tesla ends between 460 and 500 tomorrow ill actually have profited from this potential disaster. the real problem is my huge short on Apple that just refuses to go down.
mechanics wise (and power level/character aside) there exists very similar cards in our rotation pool: 1- Dragon Knights -&gt; Garyu supreme dragonkin 2- gawain -&gt; Aerial Craft 3- Rapier Master -&gt; Charming gentlemouse (rotated card- waters of the orca) 4- New Aiela is a nice card it's similar to sibyl where it's a higher cost ramp card that gives you a bonus for playing it later (pp refund) 5- Unpopular opinion aether of the warrior wing is not a healthy card to exist for a long period of time. it's too consistent and makes games play out too similarly. however the art and character is 10/10. But anyway, closest card that already exists is Everlasting Castle.
ouch
welp i'm down -1000% on my BYND 90c sells lmao
robomi is one of kaiser's most fair tokens
his invoked lymaga at 5:36 i assume is the 8 cost one not the 7 cost one. as i said i havn't played much to test this interaction if you invoke the 7 cost one the best way to test this is actually using Ian, Dragon buster's evolve on a 10 cost Zooey and see what happens. if someone has bandwidth to try this that would be great, otherwise i can try after work.
my 500c sells were safe phew the only problem is my BYND 90c sells ended up ITM fml
\&gt;**Ambush Sword** also made an appearance, but the player failed to join in time for their match so they lost by default. legend says that player is still in ambush to this day.
damn im totally using this one. for personal reasons. i for some god forsaken reason failed to pull 3 copies of ghastly treant animated (i pull 500+ packs every expansion i usually get every silver and bronze animated), combined with the bad art, i steer away from playing decks that use ghastly treant. the other control decks use treant which forces me to use my regular treants. that makes me unhappy. but this new list uses harvest season instead which is awesome cuz i like the art on both the mikeboshi original and the emilia one, animated.
Vesha for the art definitely, it makes me sad that vesha is the least viable option but ANY chance i can pick her without causing me to lose i will pick vesha. LM7 illustrator is a god, drew my favorites Zoe and Cinderella. other notables are Charon, Sutera, and Hanna. Such a travesty he doesn't have a leader yet, plenty of 2nd places but never 1st. "I exist to rain down ^(absolute ravage)" Izulae is the most picked option by far. "A merciless death awaits all in creation".
natura sword naming is sort of questionable. natura sword the actual competitive list is more like an ambush sword deck with bayleon and a few natura package thrown in to buff leod more. not really a true natura sword deck.
i always copy Mugnier cuz i couldn't justify spending a globe on her so i get my animated mugnier fix via hamelin.
The green spiky one looks the coolest but is weakest. The best power level is the thicc brown one, deals face damage which is the most useful in the late game. In fact if furies were cards that you could put in your deck, only the brown one would be worth including. Red one is like BAbzz which sees no play. Green one is like hermit crab, just pile of stats, not competitive.
nobody: dane: "tricky to pilot"
I recall a HS dev saying play rate is the biggest factor for nerfing a deck. Obvious reasons aside, high play rate also means higher amount of mirrors which deflates the win rate to more than it actually is esp versus non mirrors. He then said when the deck is chosen, the outlier top performing card is targeted for the nerf. Cygames also nerfed Dshift due to a high play rate and only 48% win rate in the past.
I got two animated ones so temptress coming back would be sick, though I rather see a middle ground in power level, something like max 15 life would be alright instead of 20.
im long roku and bynd, and short tsla and aapl mixed feelings today
kuon shift loses to roost dagon zell. the shift costs half but the boosts need twice the amount of boost to reduce by 1 more, and ends up being 1 turn slower than dagon zell combo. kuon shift is actually a little bit too slow for dagon zell deck.
I’ve beaten it with literally every deck, shits overrated. Suggesting a “counter” deck isn’t constructive so I’ll go over using the popular decks: Here is the basic strategy: C forest is a deck with a ton of healing and a terrible win condition and late game. This means do not try to out aggro them, you won’t win that way, despite it being a recommended game plan against most other control decks. That means play the long game with them. Most decks in meta can do this. Kuon rune: play extra greedy going for value over tempo. Use mysterian project on kuon. You can even run 3 copies if u like to get 6. I've consistently run forest out of resources with kuon rune. they spend multiple cards to get rid of 1-2 cards that i put out, Shadow: Storm ginsetsu is amazing. The deck has amazing late game. Stuff like yuki onna and Mino become huge storm. Nicola can burn for 10 damage too. Piss easy matchup. If they are roach plan your ginsetsu. Portal: kaiser lol Any player who has a strong understanding on how to play kuon and shadow decks in the late game should not lose this matchup. However since most games don’t go long I can understand why people are inexperienced. Ive also played C forest myself so I know the matchup from both sides. Edit: I forgot to say that deck gets so much worse after all 3 Mays are used. You can actually pressure them early forcing May to come out earlier so they can’t use it later is a viable strat too.
Card game whale here. I'm a huge whale in shadowverse who currently takes all my money, because their animated (Premium/foil) cards look amazing. in short, top notch cosmetics. MTGA's cosmetics suck so bad that there's no way i'm spending any money on it. So it's a shame they have to resort to other methods in order to make money instead of improving their cosmetics. &amp;#x200B; That being said, game overall is great i never complain about it. super generous prize structure and easy to play for free. there's a reason why people are swimming in gold and wildcards. but the cosmetics suck so bad noone wants to buy them.
of course as soon as i get tesla calls it decides to tank
i overrated steadfast samurai. i thought the card was absolutely bonkers and is going to break the game in some way, being immune to combat damage but ended up just being a strong card but nothing aggravating. my review was on havencraft and i stressed quite strongly that ward haven was being overrated and won't be as insane as ppl thought. i actually didn't get much rebuttal so i think a lot of people silently agreed with my assessment so we ended up being more or less right. that being said i thought Saintly Leader was absolutely insane, a 9.5/10, which i rated higher than wilbert (9.0/10) , but sees no play outside of dedicated ward decks, whereas wilbert does. so i overrated saintly leader. i got biased from all the hype during reveal tbh.
god FUCK man i sold tesla call spreads and i did what sane people would say "buy the short leg and let the long one run" well guess what i got fFUCKED IN THE ASS on this strategy shoulda just let both run instead of panic buying when it was 540 gOD:SLDKJfjl;sak
lol, The skins for popular champs sales fund the development for skins for less popular champs, which presumably might be a loss (or opportunity cost at least) for them. so yup it's important for them to keep making those ahri ez lux skins.
true, shit like kagemitsu and lecia need minions to hit into to get their effect. if the enemy plays no minions then the deck is garbage. to remedy this, kagemitsu and lecia gains storm instead of rush.
i'd like to see a puddified dude next to Prophetess of Creation
which minion do you use for hexproof? i been dicking around with hydra growth on stonecoil serpent for the lulz 40/40 trampler
shikigami rune is the least toxic competitive rune deck ever produced in the history of shadowverse, the deck is board based. the karyl/riley rune decks are the uninteractive ones.
Oh damn if you lose GM trial do you lose points?
I can already hear the nerd rage if Mysterian Knowledge gets unrestricted
Rulenye had potential but was undertuned. Didn’t affect drawn cards or accelerate, high ish necro cost for the effect. The prince card that adds 10 plus cycles itself you really feel the impact against spellboost.
Felt like yesterday where you could just play lands and generate this many tokens
shadowverse is my favorite card game bar none, has the best f2p experience, most fun decks, tournament mode, clans/replays, etc ^((and art of course)). however ironically i think their new player experience isn't that good either. the problem is that sv's generosity is so high that you can literally build 75%+ of a meta deck within the first few days of playing. this means that the disparity in new players who are experimenting (the fun phase) and just you know, noob vs noob decks at the bottom of ladder, versus those who netdeck (like people who come to reddit and say yo which deck should i make), netdecks are going to STOMP those who are learning organically. which is quite sad so this ends up in a really harsh ladder even at the bottom. This is where MTGA's "deck strength matchmaking" helps. you queue a newb ass deck you will likely also get a opponent with a similar power level.
mfw prince of cocytus is no longer a win condition felt like yesterday that ppl complained he was too good of a win condition
\&gt; It's really hard to describe why she's not good enough regarding talisman disciple, shes fine on t1 the problem is shes a shit topdeck. kuon deck already starved for board space you'll never have a slot to play a 0/1 ward later on in the game. Fox lancer sees play in natura sword decks that aren't just "leod sword + bayleon package" decks. lol spot on on bone crane. i never even imagined it would see play in non natura decks. tbh if shutendoji wasn't such a core card of the deck i'd cut procession and bone crane and run Deadly Dreamer instead, love that card. shinobu was unfairly hated on i duno why this trend of hating early revealed shadow legends. (lubelle, aenea, shinobu were all revealed day 1 and didn't generate any hype) i felt like iwas the only one hyped for those 3. \&gt; Imagine if Haven got cards like [Holy Bear Knight](https://shadowverse-portal.com/card/108211030?lang=en). imagine if haven had 2 mana Elana kappa
good lord Dualblade flurry has got to be one of my all time most underrated cards. thought that shit was t2 filler, no not even, won't even see play in t2. i mean its a freaking 5 mana "Windfury" card from HS. Windfury costs 2 mana and sees no play, why would a 5 cost version see play, no way in hell. boy how wrong i was.
never thought i would see the day where a heaven's gate deck makes it to a tournament, and a non highlander deck to boot.
Good to see my boi Kaiser with a solid 5 star rating after all that hate from his reveal thread.
I wonder if Lymaga accelerate costed 0 would it see play in non guardian decks?
How fast times change. On the front page there is a thread about Karyl with too many abilities, overloaded. Exact same complaint about Yurius. Yurius never even got nerfed and yet we have this thread about blood being weak.
hnggg i can only get so hard being able to invoke gate and colosseum simultaneously on 4pp is a dream come true
lol haven 39% WR makes me wonder if agnes stayed at 4/5 if natura haven would even still be tier 1. wtf calm featherfolk made it into elana list? i rated that card 1/10. im not convinced that card can be remotely good except maybe in an eidolon deck.
Got that shit -3/-3 every time I played it
Nah it’s more about zoo animals
not even pro, but just try taking note of your games vs GM players and just regular masters players. i have a significantly reduced win rate versus GM players (around 45-52%), if anything the biggest RNG in GP is rolling GM players versus AA players (80% win rate, AA is almost always a free win). when playing against them it always seems like they get the perfect draws, and when they don't they somehow pull out a win out of nowhere (and when they do it's like... exact lethal, as if he planned it turns prior). they make better mulligans and know how to play to their outs, respectively. there's a lot more detail obviously but i'm just saying pay close attention to your GM opponents. I could write a whole essay on playing to your outs, but in short it just means play riskier (play around nothing) when you're behind and play safer (play around as much as your opponent's key cards) when ahead. finally of course you can watch the Vods of the pro players in the world championship. their level of thinking and skill is so high. many instances your average player would have lost at x moment but the pro player managed to make it out.
nice guide \&gt; not mechanically difficult to play compared to Shikigami Rune or Ambush Sword this is gunna trigger a buncha folks in this sub
Speaking of which, I’m really not fond that Casualties of War is being played right now. Considering I play midrange with enchantment buffs, henge, and planeswalkers that card is like auto concede for me. Killing my land is adding insult to injury.
damn Teradyne, never stopping i almost got puts but good thing i didn't
theres merit to being posted on reddit. it sparks actual discussion about Magic. which i like. stats like these are on hsreplay yet hsreplay still posts stats onto r/hearthstone and people enjoy them.
same but at least i save money by passing on these. they're more catered toward new players now.
i sold 360c's 1/24
i might IC it can't see it going lower than 115 and higher than 145
hope TEAM fades a bit more. my 145/150c sells are in danger
woudnt be surprised if blizzard made him a dragon as a result of this sub's theory, not that they had planned this all along
im a bit annoyed that Thassa can't target permanents other than creatures.
almost reached max loss on my nflx 360/365c sells (-1000%) hope the fade continues or just chills around 355 range
why th FUK is apple still green
yea you totally missed the point. by this response you're basically saying to take a bull position on tesla selling covered calls (since u said, he's richer if tesla goes up). this means that if tesla tanked to 200 or whatever he would lose money. if he only sold calls and tesla tanks then he makes money. thats what his intent is. he wants to get rich off tesla going down. of course the bigger story here is that he is Theta man, so he actually plays IC's on tesla, so he wants tesla to not move as much as possible. i actually make very similar plays to him.
all u did was link covered call strategy, selling a call against a leap. as i already said, if the stock tanks then you lose money since the leap loses value. so what are you even trying to say. how about give some actual example what your strat for tesla is using actual positions. (e.g. buy 6/20 400c, sell 2/21 500c, etc) then ill understand what you're trying to say.
finally apple goes red with the market now.
grats, ill admit i was one of those people who said lymaga deck is weak during the first week of expansion; though i haven't voiced that opinion recently due to seeing success stories like these. writeup on your matches would be nice though.
yokai shadow is one of the least brikiest decks in the game right now. ginsetsu can be acceled so the highest cost card is ceres at 5 mana. there is also a lot of card draw and cycle. however of course, shadow has 1 highroll path that requires specifically miyako, 2 drop, helio, shutendoji, ceres ,vow, ginsetsu which is not going to happen every game so if you're comparing to the god draw (or something close to it) then the bar is set too high. however games can be won without needing a royal flush which is why the deck is still strong.
If u plan to play long term this is an auto keep you would regret rerolling this. Animated leader legendary (melissa) and leader alexiel are two very rare cards that are valuable to veterans.
he addressed it. got "jaded" over time due to blizzard unprofessionalism and general burnout. said something along the lines of 'im an asshole now, but i didn't used to be'
\[\[twiddle\]\] \[\[the rack\]\]
grats. i'd like to say i'm a pretty good pilot in most decks however i just cannot pilot evo sword properly. i know the deck is solid but my win rate is so bad i kind of gave up mastering it since there's many decks i enjoy playing right now. i pulled animated kagemitsu so i had to do it justice so i did spam evo sword in the beginning but tanked my rating quite a bit. of course, i still play it when i roll sword quests but not when i can choose to play any class.
what! ppl playing summit haven in unlim? need a list. i had a feeling saintly griffon would be good for that deck but haven't actually experimented. (rotation is actually too fun right now)
there's a lot to go thru but one thing i disagree with (super rare, i always agree with his mulligan choices) is always keeping Shigikami Summons. i find myself tossing shikigami summons very often, he's only a good keep if you already have kept the actual keeper cards like kuon and chaos wielder. if you don't have tthose then toss summons, it's better to toss for a better chance at kuon/chaos. Same thing with core. i don't keep core unless i already have kept other good cards. Clash doesn't 2-for-1 yourself if the clash doesn't actually kill your follower (like Disdainful rending). a good play is to clash whatever is going to be traded off anyway for something else. i run 1 copy and i think that's the perfect amount, the card is bad in multiples. (i also run 1 wind blast, mainly just cuz of the Tornado promo)
karyl's head fits perfectly on that image
oh i see you really enjoyed natura haven then
chord chorus in summit haven LMAO WHAT i gatta give that list fora spin. looks hella janky though. rune is my least played but i enjoyed kuon rune so i'll likely take kuon rune to GP as well (well, for final round at least. for the qualifiers i just play whatever class i get for my quests)
they always hide win rates when a GP is going on.
grats dude love the passion. gunna be completely honest, the deck looks absolutely retarded to play against and is not a welcome addition to the meta (if it becomes meta), but just goes to show the state of UL is either crazy aggro/storm or "broken" combos like this and steadfast samurai. damn im naiive for thinking Elana would be a mainstay in UL but now even elana has fallen off to decks like these. feelsbadman. im surprised you have elana as unfavorable though, elana is a slow deck that has no damage outside of combat damage so a mordecai lock is GG.
just tested 3x Agito in UL pain blood. to no surprise, it's absolutely horrendous going second, but kind of ok going first. crazy that a \~4/10 rush for 4 mana is not even strong enough. 3 copies feels definitely too much brick so i think 1 copy is alright. overall the card doesn't line up well against storm rune and amataz, esp going second.
Timeworn mage levi flashbacks
on this topic, i find players in this game (who are mostly japanese) to be very polite and efficient overall. when presented with a lethal board: say i have 10 life and they have a 10/10 and 4 2/2's, they will just attack with the 10/10 into my face for the fastest kill possible, wasting no time. if they have valdain corrosion lethal they always just pass turn for lethal. btw i never concede any matches namely due to the extra gems i get for enemy killing me, but on the off chance they BM then it's funny to see.
hes got an animated one, i'd do the same if i had one.
WHR put, MMM put, XLNX call
bynd green
WHR flattest earnings i've ever seen
you get temporary card gems for playing matches, i believe its 10 for loss 30 for win and 0 for concede. correct me if i'm wrong.
Obviously not speaking on behalf of everyone else, but personally, I play every single meta and do every daily quest. If the daily quest is a class that has a tier 1-2 deck, i play that deck in ranked. If it's worse, then i play it in unranked.
does anyone know if liquid mutes OG so they don't see all that chat wheel spam? (or just in general it seems like a good idea to mute enemy team, pro teams do this right?) edit: lmao thx guys
him telling kuro "sorry i failed you man"
had xlnx and amd calls FUK short 100 shares apple. if all 3 drill then im ok edit: rip but if the fade continues on apple i might be ok hell if tomorrow is a red day ill prob just buy back most of the shares
grats. evo sword is a top deck but it is actually quite "tricky to pilot" effectively, you really need to plan lethals ahead of time. personally i have a subpar win rate with this deck and i play just about every deck in the game. the real takeaway here is that, this is the first and only person to hit GM using a Latham avatar this season.
question. i saw in shisogenius report that you should toss Shizuru going 2nd against shadow, because it lines up poorly versus Shutendoji. is this correct? i feel that shizuru evo going 2nd is so good that it's worth the risk to take a huge lead in the event they don't get shutendoji (or ceres) going into their t5 but some input would be nice.
answered so fast before i submitted my edit which is: 2nd question, when is kagemitsu a keep in mulligan, and when to play him turn 1? (I saw a case for this against shadow but any other matchups?) thanks
great job. choosing the best angles real time takes a lot of talent.
good god i'm 1/7 this week ba call, xlnx call failed, apple put failed, whr put failed, sbux call failed, mcd put failed, amd calls failed.
sold a handfull of TSLA 680/700cs. just need it to not moon 20% and i should be good.
yea cuz ppl know that shits temporary. the maxes will eventually be fixed, the earnings will go back to normal as soon as they fix their damn max. tl;dr pRICEd iN
im pretty sure june 800c's would be profitable off a 8% jump tomorrow
i think making a GP where many cards are banned like in your list could be a good idea. MTG Arena has a rotating event called "standard shakeup" where they ban the top 10-20 most used cards. now mind you, this most certainly does not mean a better meta, you might have shit like ramp bahamut or artifact portal come back which is super annoying, but if it's tied to a GP or limited time event it's always a breath of fresh air.
no, it's the reverse. the indices are based off companies like msft. so given msft goes up, spy/qqq if they were going to be down 1%, msft would boost it to be down .8% instead.
thank god i broke even on my sold 680c's
V: 205/202.5p WDC: 65/60p XOM: 64c AMZN: IC 1700/1720//1980/2000
WTF rip my amzn IC (sold 1980/2000cs) damn i have shares though but overall i'll be net negative unless somehow it fades into the 1970 area ... or if it skyrockets to something super insane that my shares overtake the call sells
to think that amazon nearly touched 1600 last ER with a \~9% drop after hours and turned it around this much in 1 quarter like how the hell are companies with valuations this big fluctuate this much
i only use 'oops' when i misplay. which directly translates to autotapper fucked my mana over and couldn't play what i needed, since i never actually misplay.
oof no chance amazon goes below 1980 huh' we'll see i guess. last ER amazon went from -9% to flat. just a 5% fade is all i need.
RoB has filene?
i relate to this. also did an IC and got burned. very similar strikes to yours too.
biggest loss day of both 2019 and 2020
next time i get a prerelease code to give away i'm gunna put some crazy ass puzzle to solve to obtain the code. tbh i'm surprised not more people do this, i guess ppl don't want to think of a problem to solve and just dump it out here.
irony is i actually lost more selling TSLA put spreads than call spreads, and the call spread was the freaking 500/520 spread during that run up. however my put spread sell was a handful of 230/200's and tsla dropped below 200 last year. hindsight 20/20 i should have just fucking get assigned kept the shares
GOOG 1350p
Tomorrow wish: tech up, retail down
buy TGT dip
I'm actually at 1 million vials so i can share how i got there. The 'trick' is simply to not spend your vials unless absolutely necessary. For example I almost never craft the 3rd copy of a card, and in general, i only open packs and make decks with the cards i open. if i'm missing cards that are part of a meta deck i just use substitutes. there are decklists out there many varieties, so i compile the similar decklists and pick and choose the cards that i own from each one and make my own deck. only if every single deck variation uses 3x of a certain card and is core for the deck to function will i craft that card. even with 1million vials i still do this. i enjoy the challenge of only using cards i open. i feel that when i open packs, i'm "destined" to make a deck out of these cards because i opened them, especially if they're animated. edit: [https://i.imgur.com/fSvI1qj.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/fSvI1qj.jpg) proof
unpopular opinion but i hate counterspells and i love knowing that my shit can't be countered if i have this trusty guy on the field. obviously im biased and i play big timmy midrange decks so getting my big minions like God Eternal Oketra countered is infuriating. Of course i'm aware that the very control decks that use counterspells also use teferi, but at least my decks i play don't get affected by the sorcery clause cuz i just play hur hur faceroll midrange on curve minions, no big brain instants.
wish i saw this earlier. i shorted it at 275. it's now 310. i was bullish lulu sub 250 but over 280 is just insane.
i guess shorting lulu was a bad idea holding for a pullback
Almost enough damage to kill Linecracker Druid
what happened to TIF?
what happened to QCOM? alll i know is that it was on Unusual options activity last week so i picked a few up and paid out
sold ZM 250c looking solid so far
damn i sold my CRWD at 69 feelsbadman
damn, i've seen 4 champs 2-3 times so far , still waiting for the legendary 5 champ pull
since you seem knowledgable, may i ask why don't these cards see play, seems pretty good to me (new player here). \-tianna crownguard \-judgment \-En Garde \-Vanguard sargeant \-icy yeti \-winter's breath \-captain farron \-minah swiftfoot \-yone windchaser \-shadowflare Thanks PS i also noticed that ramp in this game sucks ass? 5 mana to ramp seems a bit ridiculous. i guess that people are tired of ramp strats in other card games so its totally neutered here.
QQQ red, and dow up 1.5%, very cool
&gt;Kaleidoscopic Glow &gt; &gt;: The most annoying card in the game, truth the power level of glow is so ridiculous, bounce + draw + spellboost hand in 1 card. i guarantee glow will be a power card for the rest of sv's lifetime. i've experienced the pain of getting my summit/meowskers glowed 3 times in a row. easiest surrender of my life.
dow -2%, nasdaq +1% tomorrow would be ideal, can only dream
"leave match" upper right, is this new? never noticed this.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/MagicArena/comments/guqy59/maros\_core\_2021\_teaser/fslty5r/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/MagicArena/comments/guqy59/maros_core_2021_teaser/fslty5r/?context=3) noice, i was hoping for baneslayer and boom sadly baneslayer power level in this meta is so low i don't even think it'll see play.
what is wrong with this world. down on APPL MSFT SPY and up on fuckin LK and HTZ??
why did i only have $100 in htz share
anyone had AAL calls
Hertz +200% incoming
up 600$ on my BA 205c i got this morning up 600% on HTZ 2.5c up 300% on XOM 50c
AMD FINALLY MOVING? ive been waiting weeks for this. 54 eod plz
fuk u guys i love Dollar and Thrifty car rentals, they are my goto i also love my 200% gains, bought at .8 long HTZ, see you at 10
i bought one yesterday, down 50%
grats, i always end up netdecking your lists, and will do again. nice write up as well. I just pulled animated gremory and have animated hades and ginsetsu so its an excuse to try this deck out.
holy these are some old names i recognize. drg?? thought he retired. $0$, innovation robot, parting, maru the 15 year old.
i knew leaving my arcades/high alert deck undeleted would pay off one day
3-4% drawn 0 cards (and +0/0) with 8-9 card fuse. i guess that's higher than i thought, but i felt RIDICULOUSLY unlucky when i got that twice in a row (which comes out to .1% or 1/1000) ~~also, probably just a rounding error, but the chance for 4 storm tokens should be the same as 0 storm tokens, but shows 6.11 and 5.70 for 8 fuses respectively. other # of fuses also show differently.~~
day traded BA on friday, felt good riding 202 up to 215, up 400%. then i decided to hold and buy another call at 215, then kept dropping back down and ended up losing more than i gained. such fail, feelsbadman.
TLRY 6/19 15c
can we buy the shares on robinhood?
u dont get charged margin if you short some stuff to cover if ur a true bull then short some inverse stucks like SQQQ and u can get quadruple the leverage AND no interest rates
wait what, when did QOP get buff? i havn'et followed in a few months so did she get some kind of huge buff?
lulu volume lower than it should be for earnings this week
up 100% on FANG 70c i bought at open (+800% if u got on friday)
wtf this is actually the best trading day in my career literally bought FANG, TLRY, GE at open and they mooned
FANG printed so hard for me today not quite as good as BYND which i missed but i'll take it.
who had NKLA or BYND calls?
If Cisco hits 52 or xom hits 60 tomorrow I’m making a donation
Xle calls thank me later
too bad both cards won't see competitive play won't stop me from playing both though
why own any stock other than ZOOM and VROOM
It is if it’s OTM enough
shorting LULU and ADBE if they're up over 2% tomorrow
at least Dionne and Octrice (and aenea) are drawn by the same artist.
For those who are more focused on the artwork, here's the illustrators and others they have done: Omnis - Kazashino (Yuwan, Genesis Dragon, Bayleon, Jeno) May - Tsune-kun (Nerea, Magisa, Tithi) Lymaga - BIYO Ladica - Ponzu (Anne, Filene, Aisha) Irene - Teddy (Isabelle, Elenor) Amataz - mstk (Kel, Hades, Garuda) &amp;#x200B; Mistolina - Nadare (Kagemitsu, Maisha) Bayleon - Kazashino Tsubaki - Soji Hisakata (Masamune, Eris, Daria) Kagemitsu - Nadare Luxblade - Mushimaro (Arisa, Olivia, Cassiopeia, Aria, Albert) Amelia - Ponzu &amp;#x200B; Levi - hikaru Riley - Irua (Mono, Devil of the Gaps, Lara, Prophetess) Apex - Xui Ton (Arial Craft, New Order) Medea - Mushimaro Kuon - Nijihara (Erika) Uhlein - ShuLa (Dryad of the Grove, Karula) &amp;#x200B; Aiela, Devoted Knight - Nadare Neptune - Soji Hisakata Valdain - Nambo Atall (Ginsetsu, Holylord Eachtar) Garyu - Usugumo nZzu Rola - Nadare Shipsbane - Tatsuyaki &amp;#x200B; Lara - Irua Lubelle - liiko (Dionne, Octrice, Justine, Colette) Thoth - HSN (Ginger, Cynthia) Ginsetsu - Nambo Atall Arcus - Nijihara He who once rocked - ell (Viridia Magna) &amp;#x200B; Seductress - Mushimaro Yurius - Yuzuki - Ponzu Aragavy - Mayoko (Vania, Liza) Nerea - Tsune-kun Neun - Oninieko (Michelle, Karyl, White Queen Hemera, Deathchaser) &amp;#x200B; Kel - mstk Elana - Taro Kawaga (Nexus, Sahaquiel, Israfil, Snow White, Cleft) Agnes - u-suke Daffodil - Mushimaro Wilbert - Mikeboshi (Harvest Season, Zell) Justine - liiko &amp;#x200B; Magna Giant - Xui Ton Zwei - Nijihara Gorilla - SEMSEI Karula - ShuLa Ralmia - Ponzu Belphomet - HagiOs
Here's the illustrators and other examples they have done: Omnis - Kazashino (Yuwan, Genesis Dragon, Bayleon, Jeno) May - Tsune-kun (Nerea, Magisa, Tithi) Lymaga - BIYO Ladica - Ponzu (Anne, Filene, Aisha) Irene - Teddy (Isabelle, Elenor) Amataz - mstk (Kel, Hades, Garuda) &amp;#x200B; Mistolina - Nadare (Kagemitsu, Maisha) Bayleon - Kazashino Tsubaki - Soji Hisakata (Masamune, Eris, Daria) Kagemitsu - Nadare Luxblade - Mushimaro (Arisa, Olivia, Cassiopeia, Aria, Albert) Amelia - Ponzu &amp;#x200B; Levi - hikaru Riley - Irua (Mono, Devil of the Gaps, Lara, Prophetess) Apex - Xui Ton (Arial Craft, New Order) Medea - Mushimaro Kuon - Nijihara (Erika) Uhlein - ShuLa (Dryad of the Grove, Karula) &amp;#x200B; Aiela, Devoted Knight - Nadare Neptune - Soji Hisakata Valdain - Nambo Atall (Ginsetsu, Holylord Eachtar) Garyu - Usugumo nZzu Rola - Nadare Shipsbane - Tatsuyaki &amp;#x200B; Lara - Irua Lubelle - liiko (Dionne, Octrice, Aenea, Justine, Colette) Thoth - HSN (Ginger, Cynthia) Ginsetsu - Nambo Atall Arcus - Nijihara He who once rocked - ell (Viridia Magna) &amp;#x200B; Seductress - Mushimaro Yurius - Nao (Goblin slayer Lucius, Owen) Yuzuki - Ponzu Aragavy - Mayoko (Luna, Vania, Liza) Nerea - Tsune-kun Neun - Oninieko (Michelle, Karyl, White Queen Hemera, Deathchaser) &amp;#x200B; Kel - mstk Elana - Taro Kawaga (Nexus, Sahaquiel, Israfil, Snow White, Cleft) Agnes - u-suke Daffodil - Mushimaro Wilbert - Mikeboshi (Harvest Season, Zell) Justine - liiko &amp;#x200B; Magna Giant - Xui Ton Zwei - Nijihara Gorilla - SEMSEI Karula - ShuLa Ralmia - Ponzu Belphomet - HagiOs
Thanks, yurius never got an artist credit in his reveal [https://i.imgur.com/xt2j7Sp.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/xt2j7Sp.jpg) so i didn't know who it was, didn't recognize the style either.
Honestly, none of the leaders this time I have a super strong desire to have so i was pretty flexible. I really like Kagemitsu and Karula's art and english voice, so i gave them their votes. However Dionne is so good so it's tough competition. in addition, neither Nadare or ShuLa have a leader yet. That being said my favorite artist LM7 got robbed yet again. Zoe and Cinderella didn't win last time and this time not even a single candidate, Vesha being my favorite.
shop green lmao lETS go
stocks moving so fast we forgot LULU and ADBE earnings today
i've been itching to get this answered and finally the proper context: What does ralmia say in the beginning?? sounds like "O mateo"? yeah what is that.
lol funny how "thoth" is hard to translate into japanese cuz theres no "th" sound, so it's just "to-to"
look as long as the market moves, there's tendies for everyone. red open into green close? bears sell at open, bulls buy the dip and sell at close. green open into red close? bulls sell at open, bears buy at open and sell at close.
that art is so nice. swanland is a baus.
lets go. i like hertz anyway. i always used their Dollar and Thrifty rental services over anyone else. would suck to see them go.
noooooooooooooooooooooo how else am i gunna get the illustrators then. they beteer put that shit on sv portal. maybe obajoj the reveal guy can link to the JP twitter reveals in his chart?
im more of a music guy and totally terrible at art/design so reading this argument is like watching rocket scientists argue, it's quite fascinating
Which card says Za warudo?
i wouldn't mind. N.A. has drawn many cards but none of his cards has ever even been a candidate in a leader poll, despite a lot of quality arts, unfortunately most of his cards are like lower rarity which is prob why. most recent memorable ones would be Lady of the Lance, Awakened Ragna, and Lycoris Poisoner Princess.
hopefully not an issue, i noticed even in jp they tend to use english letters. and the ones that are in japanese... well the hiragana/katakana ones are easy which is also the majority. so the few remaning kanji will need a translate, but most of them are familiar names anyway.
personally i'm always picking shadow no brainer. shadow has the most fun and insanely strong board cards that don't really require it to be comboed with anything else. i'm just totally biased for aenea and ginsetsu. Portal and sword are solid choices, can't go wrong. Forest is also solid with the ability to high roll an insane aggro deck, while dragon you can high roll a ramp deck. Blood/haven are less consistent on average, but you can high roll an insane deck stronger than the above classes if you are very lucky to get a synergy deck. Last year's all stars i had the best results with haven, having gone 5-0 twice in stage 2 and 3-2 in finals. For blood ... Nerea is practically automatic win. not a fan of rune but in the past i had my share of losses to them.
should cost UUUUUU
How does Arena handle infinite combos?
so uhhh please tesla don't go below 840 Cruises though... go ahead and drop 20% would be great
420
tesla above 900 i think im safe hopefully stays above 870
look, market days like these are wins for everyone. bears sell at open for a nice profit, bulls buy the dip for a profit. cheers.
bought a TSLA 1000c this morning for 9.2 and sold for 10 and felt good about it now it's worth 21. $80 profit instead of $1100. "pROfiTS are pROfITs"
F
I got 1 million vials, does this count? [https://i.imgur.com/fSvI1qj.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/fSvI1qj.jpg) btw Animated Dimension Shift absolutely deserves a star
the only downgrades imo are rowen and luna. i also like their "what?!" emote which might also be gone we'll see. luna looks like a totally different art style which is a shame cuz her original artist Mayoko has a distinct style for fan favorites (Liza, Vania)
BibleThump Protecc tribal when?
tbh agreed. the money printer caused inflation anyway so things should be priced higher than they used to be.
not really a benefit, but i choose to do it seperate if there is a trend and i want to be greedy. for example if i want to buy a 100/110c and the stock is moving up really fast then ill buy the 100c first and wait a bit (30-90 seconds) then sell then 110c for more then i would have. of course that can backfire if the stock dips as soon as u buy the 100c and u timed the top perfectly in a bad way. oh also, if you do same time it will show 1 row on RH. but separate will be 2 rows. this is RH specific though. other brokers is always going to be 2 entries.
welp i guess the proceeds i gained from trading Tesla calls will go toward this. must get Aenea, my globe is ready.
so what's your positions tough guy
ironically, i'm going to get the rune prebuilt which is the worst value. why? cuz i literally have all the cards for the other decks and i play them regularly.... nature rune is the only deck i never played and didn't bother to build either. guess ill give it a spin now. such a good guide, this is good to send to newer players getting into the game.
i forgot, they have to be unique players or not?
dang, kaladesh one is drawn by jason rainville too, who drew the freaking amazing genesis ultimatum. cant even tell they were drawn by the same artist.
whens jpow talking
damn these are going to make great deckbox covers
nice job on thriving bluff, reminds me of Yosemite. will definitely be using on my mtga deckbox covers.
this is definitely the most lopsided zeus i ever seen. well done. too lazy to do the math right now but it's probably in the same league as my back to back belphomet 8x fuse 0 draws.
probably when it hits 4200
mfw i sold my roku calls at 107
kind of a weird day. flat ass indexes but a few fan favorites like Roku, Shop, CRM(+cloud) rocketed today. anyone with 6/19 options on those are +500%
sold SWBI 20c's, just need it to not pass 20. run up was too insane, overvalued due to hype of riots.
i guess i should have been clearer. it's back to back , aka, twice IN A ROW belphomet 0 draws. so since you did the math for 4%, then 4% \* 4% is .0016 = .16%. the Zeus % could be softened up if we instead have calculated 32 attack or more, but without storm or defense. so 10x 3/0, 11x 3/0 etc would also count. the funny thing is, not only did i get 2 in a row 0 draw belph, the 3rd try i got 1 draw, and the 4th i got 0 draws again. so out of 4 tries of 8 fuses i only got draw once.
i love these, unfortunately stuff like this rarely makes it to front page so i miss them
this is hella old, app hasn't looked like this for weeks
21958 suicide
posts like these is what makes wsb worse than before, too many normies
surprised not more ppl are talking about that Hiro's dad reference. could be a huge reason why they setup hiro to win everything. that and the genesis dude. wouldn't be surprised to see some huge plot twist later, as anime's tend to do, especially ones that are far too jubilant in the beginning.
definitely relatable. if i'm doing a run that say, is single elimination to 7 wins. going 6-1 is more heartbreaking than just going 3-1 or something. cuz 6-1 is so close to that sweet 7-0 and i failed at the very end.
don't mind me i'm just shilling MU 90C 7/17
Haven is quite good, i also get good results with it, but they do have a fair chunk of garbage cards so on average you might not get an optimal draft which brings haven down a notch. however the ceiling is still high, stuff like Iridescent Sphinx is a total bomb so if you minimize the bad cards in your draft you will have a top tier deck. note that i listed the classes in order, so haven is not far behind sword in that regard.
I'm going to treat this like a fun joke thread, cuz we all know the minthe treatment is to turn the card into a ridiculous highroll clown fiesta. Phoenix Roost to 1pp, with invocation 2pp. Barbarossa- 2 mana 3/1 rush. last words add barbarossa to hand. if the enemy has 3+ cards, it gains storm. Gawain - subtract 3 from the cost of all commanders from your hand (up from 1). evolved stats nerfed to 4/5. New Order - also gain the following leader effect: When you play an artifact, reduce the cost of all artifacts in your deck by 1. Tista - buff increased to +3/+3. Deepwood Anomaly - now a 5 mana 5/5. Marwynn - replace all instances of 1 to 5. elf singer harmony- stats buffed to 5/3 twilight queen, last word effect repeats 3x instead of once mars: effect buffed to +0/+2 and clash: gain +10 attack support cannon and solders vow to 3 mana chronos: now a 4 mana 4/4 with evolve: each player draws 7 cards Fita the gentle elf, now a 1 mana 1/2 milnard, now a 2 mana 2/2 prophetess of creation:Evolved: 40/40, storm, trample Lapis: 10/10 ward Wyrm god of the skies: 5 mana 4/6 ward tetra: now a 3 mana 3/3, also witha evolve: gain leader effect, at the end of your turn add repair mode to hand Lord of vajano marsh, now a 4 mana 2/3 shin: chaos awakens on fanfare instead of evolve &amp;#x200B; Marlone, light of balance fanfare: fill both player's hand with mark of balance until hand is full gain the leader effect: at the end of each player's turn, add mark of balance to that players hand if 20 mark of balance has been played this game, win the game
lol yea its just for shits and giggles, but it's in the same vein as phoenix roost. however haven can safeguard with stuff like Realm of repose or Noise before hand, so theres definitely ways to tailor your deck for you to take advantage of it better than the enemy.
nice stuff, i haven't even checked if LSV is still doing his reviews but i'll definitely be using this.
note that the turn 5 hard cast is a bad tempo play if you're ahead. you can't evolve him for a 7/7 rush. this means he's only really solid with the lower health condition since you can remove an enemy follower. looks like blood will be able to take advantage of this condition the best. this guy is totally out of hand damage. out of deck damage if you will. 4 dmg to face for free is bonkers, you can combine it with burn damage of your own to close out a game (given your life is above 4). and since he's evolved he can clear a big ward if you're using storm to close out a game.
i play ashe/freeze/challenger deck. he goes decently in there since reducing their attack to 0 is removal + draw a card.
isn't theta and kang the same gang practically
CEAQIAIBBMLB4KICAMAQACY5GUDACAIBAMDSMKBSAQAQEAAFAEBACBYDAEAAUDBNAUAQCBASDAVDO im pretty new so i don't have most of the cards so of course there's improvements to be made (like adding ashe and sejuani), but this deck as is, is serviceable in the trench tiers. i saw yours. relentless pursuit seems like a cool trick. if they are 0 attack then the rally is really good value. will try it out.
can't wait to get dunked on by Zelgenea, 3x lunatic aether, 3x razory claw/revelry for 22 damage.
Sailor Elf -&gt; Chipper Skipper
we hearthstone now
that comes way later, by the time expansion hype has settled. i much rather get the prerelease pack so i can use the cards asap. i duno bout you but my expansion play time is frontloaded. 4-7 hours a day for the first 2 days, 2-3 hours a day for the first week, then tapering off to the regular doing daily quests only (\~1 hour) for the rest 3 months. so i get way more value by getting the cards earlier.
aw shit was day trading tesla 1000c's got a fill at 12:59:58 for 17. and at 12:59:59 it was 17.55. so $55 gain in 1 second, except i couldnt sell it in time before bell, now im stuck holding 1000c 6/26 over night. scary.
it's cuz semis (like MU, AMD) takes the biggest shit from trade war. so even that bit of uncertainty means people might want to dump their semis and those are traded on nasdaq.
since you seem good with these, can you make a girl you like, her brother, her dad, her uncle, her sister, her boyfriend, you meme? i saw one on this sub awhile ago i remember it had Daria as the girl you like, azael as the bf, and frogbat as you.
21014 pass
many have tried to short apple, including myself we all paid the price
it's all me, i've traded both all day today. love the liquidity.
Dang I thought I was lucky to get 3 globe shards but I guess it’s a pretty common result. Welp if I get it again ill globe something.
I can't be the only one looking forward to the artworks on the remaining cards. esp when bronze/silvers means i'll get them animated. edit: and there's the legendary art on a bronze [https://shadowverse-portal.com/card/117611010?lang=en](https://shadowverse-portal.com/card/117611010?lang=en) [https://shadowverse-portal.com/card/117014010?lang=en](https://shadowverse-portal.com/card/117014010?lang=en) ~~predatory might power creeped by a neutral bronze. rip ambush decks. but i think with this existing now they can PRINT insane ambush cards now since there exists such a good answer.~~ corrected, can hit friendly followers. i'm a bit unsettled at how much ward haven support there is. like almost every single card is ward haven support. cygames knows. they put their better arts on their tarot card cards.
grats dude. i remember in the past the grand prize was like 100000 packs and 2nd place was 10000 and someone on the sub got the 10000. edit: corrected it was 500000 / 50000 rupees in the past, even better. in any case i do remmeber someone here getting the 2nd place one so i guess it's 50000 rupees.
dang, dragonclad lancer highest rated dragon card? pretty lackluster set overall it seems. I do like Erntz but that's about it. dragon cards the past several expansions haven't been my cup of tea unfortunately (and those that are, like Garyu, Forte and Dragon Ranch, are not very competitive).
damn, spicy stuff. i always know something is suspicious when someone is overly friendly on twitter / typing in public. all those happy faces and over enthusiastic comments just come across as really strange. so it's really no surprise that behind the scenes he's a total dick. (Either that or, cannot take criticism, very fragile. positions like CM / PR, HR, Project manager are people relations and no matter what kind of negative shit comes your way you have to handle professionally) the thing is that, given that he's employed, this means that it's the company culture for him to act this way. really scary stuff. i used to want to work for blizzard when i was younger, but as time went on more and more i found myself less interested, and now to the point where i would never even apply anymore. bonus: i'm also holding a short stock position and put options on ATVI.
yo can i get SQ to tank, like really tank back down to the 90s
MSFT 200 = crash confirmed it's like clockwork. too bad i didn't take my own advice.
Personally i'm low on luzen. i think he's worse than shion. note that he can die to bane which makes him really bad. the accel cards both seem fairly unimpactful. blood has so many overloaded cards that i dont think he'll make the cut in most decks.
wow those are some high ratings. i'm not feeling as high here but i think it's a solid set albeit im not a fan of burial/reanimate strats. my biggest bummer is there is literally 0 1-stat followers that synergize with yokai. i did a review of the legendaries and Milteo is the only card for the "day 1 auto globe" candidate. i might just pull the trigger.
retard strength on ZM
worth cashing out at level 70?
yea i ended up cashing it in too. the cosmetics and old packs aren't worth 0 to me, so after rough calculations i got about 4000 gems worth for 3400 so its good enough. and yea the song of creation sleeve is nice, despite the recent controversy around the artist.
zelgenea seems like a perfect fit for blood, but not sure if it goes in any other class (maybe portal for the vesha kill) cloud gigas seems bad. a similar card, summon ice form, saw very limited play in d-shift but it had a specific use to stall before the win (+ its a spell so it boosts your hand). gigas might have been abusable if it was destroy itself instead of banish but as it is right now it seems unplayable.
really generous ratings on the legends. i guess i'm in the minority here but i just don't feel the impact on those legendaries. Luzen - I think he's worse than shion. note that he can die to bane which makes him really bad. the accel cards both seem fairly unimpactful. blood has so many overloaded cards that i dont think he'll make the cut in most decks. Darhold - he's decent but i definitely would not give him 5/5. he's a shit tempo play with weak stats. this means he's both really bad from behind, and you might fall behind if you play him on 4 as opposed to the plethora of power evolves out there. in non-wrath decks he's a total brick without evo, so i don't even think he's worth the slot in a non wrath deck. therefore it's hard to justify a S tier rating on a card that doesn't just auto include in almost every blood deck like Unleash, Ravening, and Bloodbinder. 5/5 on silverbolt hunter is surprising. i can't say i disagree but it seems like it's really easy to trade into if you remove him last. that being said you can't really count an extra goblin out in bloodcraft. Contemptious demon seems the best card of the bunch, closest to a 5/5. still not on the level of ravening and unleash though but i can see it being a total powerhouse, even in decks that aren't wrath dedicated.
sry if im blind, so how do i change my deck image? they said that feature was added but i can't find it.
i bought a TSLA 970c this morning for 4, and sold for 5 and felt pretty good. now it's worth 17. ..... diamond hands failed to activate.
&gt;no changes to fiery embrace or oracle I’m sure plenty of people are disappointed here Buffs are nice but not sure if any of these will make constructed except forge weaponry, which actually already saw play before Woulda been nice if sylvan justice did 3 though, I might even buy the sutera prebuilt if they did
zoe got robbed from leader poll but the fanbase for lapis was too strong, at least she got 2nd place.
lol feels like this is just a total stab at NAM cuz that's the only card that didn't get nerfed in this list. i feel like there are more busted cards that aren't just win conditions. stuff like Unleash the Nightmare is one of the best sv cards in the entire game and literally every single class would use it in every single deck if they could. hell, it would be busted in any other card game too.
it's crazy that some japanese players can get this in half a month. i played against the rank 1 guy a few months back [https://i.imgur.com/M5vd1Jc.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/M5vd1Jc.jpg) he had 101k points in 15 days. he was playing amataz. a rough calculation yields that he needed an 85% win rate playing 13 hours a day to achieve this. anything less than 70% win rate is physically impossible to even get 100k in 15 days. absolutely insane. of course that means his score reward points would be even higher, but honestly not by much with an 85% WR.
4d chess move isn't out of the question. luca's motive, hiro's dad, and genesis guy are still mysteries waiting to be unraveled.
i still can't tell if milteo is a guy or a girl
Picture of Wind God, Wind God, Aisha on board. "No! You can't just invoke all these minions for free!" "haha tokens go brrrr"
now that the cards are out could you update this with the respective cards in the post? (don't remove the predictions of course, wanted to see the comparison of prediction vs outcome)
miss the days when MU was the most hype ticker and the earnings thread would be highly upvoted
When wolfraud was revealed he was such a huge wall of text i didn't even read what he does. after playing it though, i realized that wolfraud plays so similarly to a hearthstone deck called Togwaggle druid, which basically aims for you to put no win conditions in your deck, just a ton of draw and life gain, then when your deck is out of cards, you swap decks with your opponent, and you essentially just win from there. (even plays a card that turns your hand into your opponent's hand which is similar to wolfraud's effect) putting it in aggro is a different angle since, i guess you don't aim to win via the victory card at the end.
so THAT'S what happens when there's an infinite loop of mandatory actions
gl on your pulls. may fortune favor the bold and you pull animated zelgenea and lapis.
so the best strat here is if you're unsure is this- 1. if you have a high overall win rate, then queue up way before the cutoff (5+ hours) to ensure you have good cushion room (rank 8000 or better). or 2. sit on your rank until it's literally 10 minutes before cutoff then you check. if you are sure to not make it (rank 9995 or worse) then simply play 1 game for a \~50% chance to make it, otherwise if you lose you wouldn't have made it anyway. Otherwise, just sit on it. i've had instances where i was rank 9950 1 hour before cutoff and sat on it, and ended up rank 9980 ish. p.s. i had a season where i did strat #1 and ended up on a horrible loss streak (like 3-12) that day and i tanked so hard it was like gg rip 10 packs oh well i tried.
shit why did i get so little MU DIDNT HAVE ENOUGH FAITH in sanjay
i know it's early but i'm pretty sure Cloistered Sacristan is the most underrated card so far, ranking only 51/98. dont think anyone saw it coming but that dude is carrying burial rite shadow so hard, he's a freaking tank with big stats, ward, and a huge evolve ability. feels like getting my ass Jerva'd on turn 4. i did see some comments like "2 mana 5/5 LUL" but no one actually took it seriously. edit: p.s. honorable mention wind god. shes ranked 16 which is pretty high but i think the card is overtuned. her condition is like Blazing Lion and Odin, who if you meet the condition once, you can get 1 every turn. notice how in the past conditions like these are usually turn 8+ when game is almost over. wind god however can come out turn 5, so getting so much free shit that early is gamebreaking.
Gamewith a little off this time. Gamewith: Ladica, Kuon, Kagemitsu, valdain/rola, ginsetsu, yuzuki, elana/wilbert, belphomet Results: ladica, kuon, tsubaki, aiela, ginsetsu, yuzuki, elana, ralmia Pretty sure reddit is going to be mad. bonus stat: Ponzu had 4 candidates and 3 of them won. The one who lost, amelia, got 2nd by only 5k votes. honorable mention, previous iterations of Aiela were drawn by ponzu, but not this one. Bonus 2: [https://shadowverse.jp/anniv\_4th/results?lang=ja](https://shadowverse.jp/anniv_4th/results?lang=ja ) votes breakdown. wow way less votes than last year. i remember galmieux had like 200k+ votes. Updated with English 4th and 3rd anniversary results https://shadowverse.com/anniv_4th/results?lang=en https://shadowverse.com/sp/3rd_anniv/results/
Burial rite core is so strong you can top off with any flavor of hades, reanimate/fatal order, or none at all(more burial rite) and it’ll be strong
anyone else feel like BA is the sole component of the dow?
I was gunna buy some expecting it to be like .5-1, but at 3.50? nahhh
\&gt;90th percentile \&gt;average D:
