Is Hulu getting the newest eps?
Almost? I don’t think the system works.
The issue is many schools are in the middle of nowhere and if they don’t build the resources for the students they simply won’t exist.
Or you know people have things they like and things they don’t. AoC hard some great stuff and some crap stuff. It’s up to each person to decide and explain on they’re own final conclusions. For example I hate the Last Jedi but I also don’t think the Rose Fin relationship took up too much time on screen so it didn’t bother me as much as Padme Anakin.
The best I’ve seen was “Jeff Bezos lost 19 billion dollars today”
You didn’t even repost a good version of this meme.
Is this a new format?
My problem was it wasn’t even a plan. There was no reason to not tell everyone. “What’s the plan” “Abandon ship, go pack”
He’s a Black Muslim that regularly says horrible things. A white guy with his views would not be acceptable to the same population that hates Gavin. Ironically people who like tend to like Gavin hate Farrakhan.
Thank you. I can understand you’re point of view and still think you’re wrong. I can’t tell you have many times I’ve had to say “not I’m not confused I just disagree so please stop explaining”.
On the flip of that, disagree with decisions to censor certain people must be grounded in free speech. I see both sides come out and reddit and argue opposite points and get nowhere cuz everyone is either stupid or playing stupid to win internet arguments.
We for a short and skin specific to the short for essentially free.
False, it’s a logarithmic curve, meaning there’s the drop off of bombs to time delay gained but the fucked up resurgence curve is exponential. So you would very rapidly pass the capability of the US to make nukes while making truly fucked up anime.
If we’ve brought our holo, the enemy has truly lost.
“Furthest of any place” let’s dial that back, many places worse than France for lots of reasons.
I apologize I thought you meant “furthest from” as in it’s terrible.
What was his complaint?
No, if there picture was taken and shades publicly things wouldn’t be great, which is what happened here, hence us talking about this photo. So not different.
Yes, even the beam is weak af.
Not every joke needs to make as open debate.
Because the reality of how bad America is doesn’t match how bad people feel it is.
It’s really not. Part of the fun of DPS is playing against the no. Dps heroes, it’s the reason ffa hasn’t put a dent in this issue.
Proof I’m curious?
Only on Reddit will you find people actively going to places dedicated to material they don’t want spoiled.
I’m pretty the guy in this meme ain’t having sex.
I’d be interested to see human humor done in a semi serious setting in space.
You’re whole comment is nothing but assumptions. Refusing to take it as 100 percent certainty is not a sign of stupidity.
Yea it’s what your dodging with all of your assumptions. Example 1: you just accused me of believing basic meds should kill kids. You’ve gone so far down the assumption rabbit hole you’re no longer having coherent conversations.
God that show was terrible.
But unit 0 was originally yellowish. I’d it’s more a cigar being a cigar.
Upvoting from proper use of meme.
To me that’s what was so boring.
The complaint is that’s boring. I don’t want to play a game about choice that turns out to have no choice for some in-universe message. It’s just boring.
General KenOC
As an absolute I’d say Dragon slayer. The side effects of dragons slayer worst case make you a powerful dragon so it beats demons slayer in that regard. As for God-Slayer, it seems to me that dragon slayer comes with a dragons durability and vicariousness that translates really well to non-slayer fights/element advantages fights.
OP 9!
You forgot the autistic screeching.
I’m not confused about what dysphoria but recently I’ve seen a lot stuff about how you have to have dysphoria to be trans.
Hence my confusion by ppl saying otherwise
General Reposti
This a sub where everyone posts their assets, is discussing salary really that strange?
Software engineer for hedge funds
Original comment now has the link
Thanks, I hate it
The only reason they keep having the discussion now and in 2016 is because he doesn’t look like Bernie can win primary, again. Only in r/politics is him not being capable of winning the primary an indication of anything besides him needing to improve his campaigning.
Only 2.5 times the size of the US?
I mean this is just a mediocre joke
This the most “cat” picture. Just enough cute and sass so that you want to cuddle but also know better.
Yea
We’re also here for any struggles that can relate to or impact weight (So really anything). Vent away.
I hate the idea that other people not being fundamentally broken on any level (believing in centrism) is stupid. Centrism as an approach to politics should be everyone’s approach. Most people who I’ve ever disagreed with (a few crazy excluded) whenever I’ve talked politics we agree on way more than we disagree on.
Cyclops appreciation thread.
That’s s consequence of Bernie’s flaws and weaknesses as a candidate. He hasn’t done stuff to make people familiar with him.
In a race everything is relative. Bernie has not touched the lives of people the way Biden has therefore he is behind. That’s not messaging or the media or anything unfair. Not having been a vp in a race with a vp has weaknesses to it.
This site literally tries to debate the merits of raising children with having pets.
I find them super boring but that’s me
You were the chosen one, you were supposed to protect us from the spicy foods not eat them!
You’re all getting grand slamwiches, they’re very delicious.
They’re green.......
That’s bullshit. Reddit alone is proof of that. You can search for identical complaints based on political leaning and see how many upvotes.
There are cultural differences between all groups of people (doesn’t have to be racial). These difference lead to different outcomes. Whichever group has the greatest outcome will get attacked.
My problem is that episode is fundamentally boring. They spend so long with him just in the car and really the same story could’ve been told in half the time.
People love to be on social media when bad things happen. Look at the fb profile issue when everyone on the French flag filter
And before that everyone complained about how the tv had become the focal point of the house. There’s always an old criticism that is wrapped in a new skin.
Why do you need to start shitting on other people? Why can’t you just say you liked it?
People seemed satisfied with Endgame. Not every disagreement needs to a grand statement about society. Made you liked black mirror but a lot of people didn’t. That’s okay, no need to get all twisted.
What are you confused about? You’re insulting people who disagree with you.
You seem like a nasty person so I’ll stop talking to you.
How does that impact what I said.
The whole purpose of them meeting in person and kissing was that they weren’t gay.
It’s not just about the synopsis, it’s also about the feel and tone of the episode. Smithereen is just an episode of a guy mourning causing a car accident with a little commentary on how of your life is online sprinkled in (tho the acting was great). It wasn’t an experience, black mirror gained so much attention because many of the episodes were such strong experiences for people that couldn’t simply move on. This season felt like the episodes had no staying power. The best example is the final episode. There was nothing that struck you, no realization good or bad. There was nothing to ponder or think about after it was done.
It’s not a dark episode for the audience. Dark writing and tv shows isn’t just about the material, it’s about how it’s presented. I don’t care that some character I’ve never met died in a car accident.
With smithereen I’d say the ending is also more of the issue. I was also very invested in how they would end it and I feel everything was “oh that’s it?” Who’s is billy =&gt; just a dude What really happened to his wife? =&gt; txting and driving Will the intern survive? =&gt; up to you I was interested is something happening but the reality is almost all of the story is told in the first 15 minutes, it’s an unstable guy who wants to scream about his life choices. I didn’t need an hour of him stuck in the car. I also should say that they acted like there was more. If you’re telling a straight forward story then do that, but pretending billy is the ominous figure who can’t be contacted by his COO over a hostage situation made zero sense with who he was shown to be. Again the acting was great all around, no complaints there.
No actually San Junipero is my favorite of the whole series. Something doesn’t need to be miserable to have staying power or have the black mirror tone. From a discussion point San Junipero has a interesting topic of letting yourself die when your time is up. From a watching perspective it’s fun figuring out what’s going on especially in the gritty parts. And the ending is happy and strong enough for you to remember the love story. Hang the DJ also does it with the feeling of helplessness when the two can’t be together because the world doesn’t allow it. USS callister gives a great sense of being trapped and is overall a fun ride. Tho I wouldn’t rate it as one my favorite episodes from a black mirror standpoint, but it has pretty good re-watchability unlike Hang the DJ.
PS: it was kinda smarmy to try and paint me as an edgy prick
You say but the minute Jon said things everyone couldn’t stand behind the shit flinging would start again. Jon was tired of talking, this has been his mission for a while now.
I believe it’s based on a scene from an ending.
What do you mean they have no long term storage for nuclear waste? It just a rod that sits in a barrel? The part about disasters is only marketing, the death total from nuclear plants is tiny compared to other sources. Besides you only need a few to power a whole state.
You’re saying that based on nothing. Wind turbine and solar with always be limited.
Um duh...... It’s like every climate change discussion ever. People don’t know the facts and need to be informed. Why are you saying it likes its revolutionary?
Ironically you’re the one who came off condescending.
Lighten up, it’s an anime sub, dude likes anime so we like him.
In the grand scheme of things he is. MLK also cheated on his wife aggressively and George Washington owned slaves. People are complex and people liking a dude on anime sub should be left to it.
Cuz he’s someone everyone knows for non-anime reasons. Someone I know for reasons besides anime turning out to like anime is fun. Edit: it’s also funny that you talk about people being intelligent but seem to not get basic excitement of a celebrity sharing your hobby.
Except you claimed you didn’t get it. “how come nobody makes memes about me?” Pretty stupid question from where I’m standing
There other sources.
You’re article on uranium is out of date by around 10 years. http://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/nuclear-fuel-cycle/uranium-resources/supply-of-uranium.aspx And again there are other sources to power nuclear power plants besides this one element.
“Internet nerd” as the type of person who everything that pisses them off is because everyone else is dumb and likes stupid things.
Except you’ve totally ignoring several very important things. 1. There are most sources than just uranium and already in the last decade there’s more than We thought. Nuclear is far less limited than you think. 2. And this is the important one, at present nuclear is far better for lowering emissions and for the planet than wind or solar. In 3 generations I have no clue what the energy tech will be and neither do you. But right now today, the solar and wind have massive draw backs. The most obvious is the fossil fuel consumption required to support solar and wind. I’m not shitting on wind nor am I saying nuclear is perfect, but with our current knowledge and tech it’s best for the environment.
There you go again, “from a logical standpoint there’s no reason anyone should like him”. Are you actually confused why people like the founder of Tesla and Spacex?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/michaelshellenberger/2019/02/07/green-new-deal-excludes-nuclear-and-would-thus-increase-emissions-just-like-it-did-in-vermont/amp/ I doubt this will even make a dent in your opinion tho.
I literally called your reaction exactly and somehow I’m the asshole, you’re that simple. Also a guy can be a nuclear lobbyist and still be right. You didn’t actually refute anything said, solar requires lots of fossil fuels to supplement it. But again use my comment as excuse to never advance your views on solving climate change, I’m sure that’s what’s best for the climate.
Christ dude, did you even read my link?! The source you provided doesn’t even touch in the difference when it comes to base power for grids of nuclear verses solar.
You sound like the Bernie bros who, when he lost voted for trump.
You’ve not disagreed with a single thing about how good nuclear is for the environment. You’re literally allowing your pride to hurt the planet.
Christ dude, I’m an engineer in Southern California. Best friend literally works personally with him. Don’t believe me? Check my history, might take a while tho. He’s a human, good as something and bad at others. Also the people have been predicting Tesla going out of business in the next two years. Welcome to the club of wrong assholes since 2010.
Cuz it’s weird to hate kids for being kids so much. You put it out there, so get ready for the internet to do its thing.
Ah the old “everyone who disagrees with me is stupid/evil and should be outlawed”.
They clearly require both hands for adequate pets.
All I can’t do is go by what you’ve said. What you’ve said is that you want to outlaw a group you believe is holding you back. And again you’re not discussing anything in particular but rather dropping phrases like “foot off the brake” which means something totally different to each person that hears it. That obvious indicates you’re only talking to people who mostly agree with you.
I like your advice was very respectful of the existing relationship
Did you even need the syndrome picture?
Hold up, if they shouldn’t care about being able to be elected because that doesn’t effect their ability to do things they want then why would banning them from being elected do anything for your causes? That’s such a painful contradiction.
Well for starters there’s not mention of cognitive decline here. Also the 35 age is literally for president, at that point the person has been voting for less than half their life.
No they are not. Public offices are meant for one thing, the person who was elected, that’s it. If you don’t think the elections are fair, that’s a different topic, has nothing to do with age. If you think there should be term limits, then again that has nothing to do with age. Public office is up the the voters to decide what it should be. If the voters want an old person that’s who they get to choose.
At what point can she be blamed? She herself is acknowledging he’s not right yet keeps him around. When is it okay to say “Hannah is making bad choices and she’s responsible for those bad choices and they reflect on her”. Edit: to the people downvoting me, can you guys at least answer the question so I have some frame of reference? You can say never that’s okay, it just tells me where we differ.
What does “fight like hell” mean? Does it mean slandering Biden for six months? Does it mean claiming polls are fake? Does it mean denying any negative news about bernie with downvotes? If yes to any of these than yes that’s not good enough to claim you’ll vote Biden in the general.
Well if someone is making illogical and emotional decisions that’s kinda the definition of stupid isn’t it? Doesn’t mean she’s dumb everywhere (I know brilliant women that area stupid in some ways, god knows I sure am) but if you describe her dating decisions as illogical and emotional I’d consider her a stupid dater.
It’s because this sub doesn’t like to acknowledge that people are harder on the different sexes in different ways.
Lol okay, enjoy slowly falling behind warren.
Polls disagree, happy to see warren succeed tho. To bad bernie is dropping like a stone.
What does laughing a picture of Colton crying have to do with building women up?
I bet if he was fat and ugly but did everything else the same you’d be okay with the pic.
If you are aware adoption the exist then what the fuck is your question?
Full metal is far more mainstream than fairy tail but it’s old.
Yea but ft is still airing
Yea but most things are not as obviously bad as eating cat shit.
And saying being confused to someone liking cat shit vs a Godzilla movie are comparable is a stupid comparison. If you truly can’t tell the difference between catshit and an action movie you’re stupid. If you can and are saying so for rhetorical purposes then I think you have bad rhetorical skills.
People shit on ft but serious early Erza was something else.
But eren can use the power when is physical contact with a remember if the royal family. Hence why when he punched Dina in titan form at the end of season two he could control the titans.
Or maybe you should learn from 2016 that holding out for your messiah is a bad idea?
I think the guys that suck about girls are far more diverse. When it comes to size. Women are more judged by looks so the shitty segment if woman is more focused in those that fail in the looms department.
I think for him it’s a redpiller
Because anything with a 35 percent chance of being wrong is useless. No where in society do we use a tool with a 35 percent failure rate.
Well actually if you want get into it there are many reasons the most impactful is that they are still used in law enforcement and out innocent people in jail because of the prevailing idea that they work enough. Culturally jurors don’t understand how bad they are. Any instance of their use is bad for society.
No worries!
Wouldn’t this mean you should be the pick opposite of their numbers?
I have a feeling this asshole knew her name
Yea was literally my point and somehow you missed it, that’s not because they build muscle that differently its because their workouts are different (hence gadot not working out properly). And most importantly even when comparing all those different types of athletes they all have muscle definition. If Gadot worked properly she would’ve put on the muscle as well. Notice how no male superheroes have the magical condition of “cant build muscle”.
I literally say “different builds” and you somehow missed that. Christ
You’re misrepresenting the words of a holocaust survivor. Because unless you’ve forgotten the US government was sued for not separating the kids.
Is this for real?
Or a acnologia and zancrow
I was fully grown at 6 when I was 13. Made me one hell of an athlete.
One thing I want to point out is that this is a failure of the school system not a trump phenomenon. Both my parents are Chicago public school teachers and they have incidents like this all the time. A few months ago a kid bloodied a teacher up and then locked her in her classroom. The kid was just transferred and no police report was file. The kid was 14. This kid is an asshole racist but him getting away with this is a massive failure in our school system. Edit: what’re the downvotes about?
Not really the case when adults a bullying a child in one the most well known films of all time. Teaching a kid to deal with bullying makes sense when there’s some form of evenness and normalcy. Being yelled at my strangers for not giving them attention is harassment and no one should put up with harassment let alone a child.
Yea but nothing of your original comment addressed this being a unique situation in bullying nor did you really explain what you think should be done. You just stated a bunch of platitudes that be applied to jokes on the playground between 14 years old as well a 30 year old man hurling curses at a 7 year old girl.
Are you serious saying 7 year old girl should learn to deal with being harassed by 30 year old men? Edit: also yes it 💯 matters who is doing the bullying. Adult vs child is waaaay different than child vs child.
Also if course you say “I like John Wick III and think Endgame is a cash grab” Do you also hate fortnite and prefer god of war?
You’re the one who responded to a post about sending support with “teach her how to handle it” I feel like you need work on how to express yourself cuz it sounds a lot like “suck it up” But ironically you’ve fallen into being a bully yourself lol.
No way on earth more people wanted incredible 2 then endgame, sorry that’d just your bubble. And seriously despising fortnite but loving halo, calling endgame predictable but Deadpool un-predictable. Are you sure you’re not the anger of single reddit men given consciousness?
If you understand teachers have limited time then yes it does change their job. There is only so much time a teacher can spend on a particular topic making sure people get it. It’s why classroom size is the number problem in education people are trying to solve.
I mean, if you can get Fidel......
That says more about you then it does about her
What happened?
I’m confused on the feeling it on another level people. The movie was fine (and Phoenix was great) but I don’t think it discussed anything interesting topics in any real way.
It also didn’t actually dive into any of conversations in a meaningful way. Like the mental illness convo, they didn’t even say what mental illness he had. It was just used a plot point not an actual conversation starter.
Not for me. The puppies elements if Star Trek are solving things dm without violence, literally the opposite of his style.
Can you explain the meaning of succ? I’ve seen it a lot.
I love how you try to justify wanting to believe rich people suck by saying essentially saying “why care about some you can’t take to the grave”. By that logic no possession should hold value.
But again you can’t take anything to grave (god you’re slow), so what you’re saying is that nothing material should ever illicit this response. And you think I’m the idiot.
A valet taking a car joy ride is absolutely a form of theft. He didn’t have permission of the owner to use his property that way. Definitely theft and morally definitely qualifies under statues you set for being angry. Also you have no clue the damage caused or potentially caused. Admit it, you’re not taking a principled stance, you’re taking an emotional one. Don’t tell you’re one of those idiot who thinks the family in “parasite” wasn’t stealing? Also, you’re stupid.
Do you actually Iran would be a challenge? Like seriously it would be painful how fast it would go down.
You saying that just means you’re stupid, not that it’s true.
If you that’s actually what happened you are yet again showing how I’ll informed you are in military conflicts. But keep it up, I’m sure one day the world will turn to reddit for advice.
Except that only works when you and a very controlled amount of stock moving. Forcing the kind of mass market liquidation that a wealth tax would cause (not getting into somehow taxing assets likes art) it would have a fair different impact than things like stock donations.
Idk what that means so I’ll peace out. Enjoy your fantasy world.
How is it a violation of Iranian sovereignty to kill someone in Iraq? I understand the idea that he’s a powerful member of their government, I just don’t think the sovereignty angle works.
Hahaha of course the answer is that redditors are enlightened
No they are not, they just agree with you more.
Well it’s far easier for individuals to smarter. Large mobs and echo like Reddit, not so much. Also I didn’t say I was fundamentally smarter.
Are you seriously saying mob mentality isn’t a thing? If so then all I can say is “oof”.
Yea reddit, that’s what I’ve been saying. Took you long enough, jeez.
Explain pls
I love how trying the centrist schtick only happens because Sanders got crushed in the left wing primary. The left wing approach ain’t gunna do it.
I love it. There is a huge swath of secret socialists who are super passionate and want to change the country but can’t be bothered to register to vote. Bernie keeps losing and you come up with every explanation other than “he’s not good enough to win” I’m ded honestly, you guys are going to amazing when he loses this primary yet again.
I love I need to be nice to you to win elections but you don’t need to be nice to me. Essentially you’re saying is that I can be counted on the support liberal policies even if they aren’t my perfect plan but you cannot. You’re so passionate about change you’ll do nothing. What if I take your attitude, does it suddenly become your job to civil and stop screaming at me and my candidates on the internet?
Hahaha
You’ve just jumped over all the facts about you and your candidates inability to win elections to lies. Also if the world is truly at risk I’d think you’d focus on ways to win elections and make change. Instead you’ve opted for the “yell and lose strategy”. You’re fantasy seems to be “being the smartest man on the cinder block”. Again, enjoy you’re karma cuz facts say you ain’t achieving anything.
That’s a list of lies. Hillary won the popular vote, moderates held the White House for 8 years before that and we just took back the house of reps. The sanders coalition has been around for decades and not done anything. Literally “win”. Sanders can’t, AOC can’t. Learn to win elections, it’s called democracy.
America is a better and better place for people of color year over year, steady improvements are working. People like Biden making small but steady changes over years is what speaks to many, not a white guy from a white state of 600,000 people who nobody had heard of because he was doing nothing before 2016.
In many highly politicized contexts the term POC refers to people who are aligned with political goals. For examples asians might be included if discussing exposure in film and media but excluded when discussing affirmative action. Again only highly politicized situations.
Completely ignored my point. He’s not been covered cuz he’s not responsible for anything worthy of coverage. As you said the media doesn’t cover do nothing individuals unless they do something rare, Bernie hasn’t done anything rare therefore got no coverage. Of course you jump to the billionaire logic because anyone who has support from successful people is obviously corrupt. Unlike Bernie who promises people things they’ll never get, that’s not corrupt at all. Also he’s not the voice of change if he’s getting nothing done. He’s not winning house seats or the executive branch. He might be the voice of radicalism tho.
You guys where the ones screaming that the only reason he wasn’t polling better in 2015-2016 was that he was unknown, now you claim he was? The whole conversation is about why he lacks black support and the answer is cuz he hasn’t done anything for them before asking for their vote in 2016. Every corrupt person is backed by a billionaire. Wow. Just amazing logic. So false and so painful. And no universal healthcare is not basic, there are only a handful of countries that have universal basic healthcare and almost none even begin to approach the US in size and few that do have to work very hard to keep in running. Universal healthcare coverage for every man woman and child for every ailment for all time is not a basic thing, thinking that is shows you are unprepared to make it happen. Don’t trust someone who claims greatest is basic because they can’t see past the top of their nose.
Yea the big problem is the temperature at which reliable chemical reactions can going as well as matter to be stable.
Is that like a joke meant to prove me right?
Consumption is responsible for all science and art.
What is self fulfillment besides consumption? The idea of consumption as an abstract term is referring to a lot of things. Wanting to get on a plane powered by jet fuel because you want to explore the world is a form of consumption. Same if it’s a boat made of wood from trees and it’s 1400. Wanting to here you’re favorite pianist in amazing quality in your home and buying top line speakers is consumption. Same as someone traveling to the town over be traveling musician is coming 1000 years ago. The only way to not consume things is be content with what you have, which is not human nature.
And what are you wearing when you run? Do you buy new shoes? As a heavy runner myself I need to buy shoes regularly to protect my knees. In your example the development of running shoe technology was driven by people who want to run a lot. This doesn’t even touch all the auxiliary tech that runners consume (nutrition, personal trainers, heart monitors, stretching videos on YouTube). All these things are consumption driven by fulfillment and humans wanting improve upon they have. It is perfectly possible to run butt naked and not try to optimize your experience but that life style is antithetical to humanity long term. Perfect example of how your fulfillment drives consumptions and innovation.
You compete ignored the part about subreddit rules. You say “I would argue”, it’s not up to you to argue, it’s up to the rules. This picture is not interesting without the title and therefore should be removed. The part that ruins the subreddit isn’t people deciding what’s popular, it’s deciding to ignore the rules because it’s popular. That’s like 101 of how to ruin a good thing. Also you’re argument about cat pics is (and I hate to say) classic reddit straw man, cut it out and grow up.
No it’s not and no you don’t, you’re just lying to try and win an argument online (which is pathetic). Without the title it’s a poorly taken selfie of a bald person next to a photoshop of Ripley.
How about it’s “a terrible post”?
Bet you the top it by the end of today
Do you think I’m advocating against that? Sometimes not all arguments are worthy debating the finer points over. They take to much energy to have and because it’s the internet they have no lasting impact cuz everyone walks away when they want.
My bad I associated the downvotes with the only comment.
I fucking hate the “any developer needs to accept criticism in all forms, that’s the job”. Their job has nothing do to with you being an asshole and needing to back off with that shit.
No capitalist society still industrialize pollute and lie to keep going in the wya they best see fit. I’d even argue that capitalism is better because it diffuses the power and makes it easy to see who is who.
I didn’t ignore them, you did. The whole thread is about the harassing of individuals.
Cuz because something is in a minority doesn’t mean it’s not worth discussing, which again is what this thread is about.
Seriously? Still? Dude get a life.
Eh if I want to dunk o the far right I can get that almost anywhere. I like that I have a place the acknowledges and has fun with how crazy aoc can be
The longer trump is president the more I see what he supporters mean. The man is the worst, no doubt but fuck are some people willing go to insane lengths to give him the finger.
No the other three are in jail.
Seriously? Just link to bernie sanders donation page already
Hahahahahahah. You fucking open with the MLK thing? Doesn’t that embarrass you at all? Fucking Christ. Marched with with MLK? Bernie Sanders!?! The man who said MLK was shot when we started to talk about wealth inequality and not because of race tensions? That idiot? Bernie didn’t march with MLK, I’m so ded that’s hilarious you believe that. Attending the march in Washington doesn’t count. Other greats white guys you should check out are the likes of Mitch McConnell.
Did the US call Iran and say a bunch of delta force guys where in a plane leaving Tehran? Any actual analogue is the cop who walked I got the wrong apartment and murdered the guy in there because she didn’t feel safe.
What about the embassy attack.
And yet Bernie still lost to her
Jesus Christ dude way to make convo about your attempts to be as nasty as possible.
AOC, involved in sketching campaign finance and campaign staff, never apologizes not matter how wrong, only panders to her aggressive base, too much twitter, loses but claims victory, self aggrandizing, unqualified.... shall I continue?
#bernieblackout
I think there are a few metals the lightsaber can’t cut through easily. I think vibranium could def parry a lightsaber
Don’t let your race or sexuality define you, anything can be your spirit animal.
You claimed Joe Biden wants to maintain the status quo (whatever the hell the even means) and when you were called out on your stupid leaps in logic jumped to tell us we are in an echo chamber. If you want people not to think you’re dumb don’t say dumb things and then reply with even dumber responses.
No I just want to see if you can come up with an explanation of that stance you hold that doesn’t reveal you to be an idiot. I’m asking for something very simple. You claim Biden is a status quo candidate, support your belief. Every single comment you have made you are avoiding any type of support for yourself. This leads me to the conclusion that you are a fool a troll or both and that further engagement will lead to you similarly dodging questions.
Yes, now I know without a shadow of a doubt you’re an idiot. I mean I genuinely couldn’t have crafted a more stupid answer. If this is what yang attracts then I’m good, he can stay where he is.
Isn’t that the whole purpose of these scenes? To show anakin as an innocent kid who idolized the Jedi and wanted to help people?
You gave a troll answer not a reason. There’s only so stupid s as bd dishonest a person I’m willing to waste my time talking extensively to on reddit and you are far bellow the line in both counts.
Yea but you we are living in 1984 when political ads say things I don’t like and but it’s the hope of a bright and fruitful future when they’re political ads I like. Also this article is about non-political ads but people ain’t reading.
Well I personally think the American take on work and productivity while still be individualistic is unique and should be preserved.
Those two things are not separable. Another American culture trait is encountering a multitude of other cultures. Everyone complains about Americans being ignorant but what they really mean is we are ignorant of them relative to us. But other countries are wildly ignorant of each other. Like no one in Sweden is eating Korean bbq. Nobody in Malaysia is taking salsa dancing classes.
Your point only stands when talking about culture as an abstract concept. But we are talking about American culture and immigrants in this context. So actually yes culture in this context is valuable. You don’t get to abstract the convo out of making sense.
A libertarian who views libertarianism as a justification to remove things they don’t like but consciously or unconsciously has issues with places in society where the free market works against them.
If you twist yourself into a pretzel explaining why the country needs Bernie and left policies but can’t force yourself to vote for Biden over trump, you’re a shitting person point blank.
Oh stop with the drama and hyperbole. Every time you people have to do something that isn’t exactly what you want is some massive cruelty and degradation of your humanity. You’re ironically, bad at living in a functioning society.
There it is. Bernie is good and Biden who has widely similar policies (policies Bernie was pushing two years ago but with less substance) is evil. From a reality fact driven standpoint you’re an idiot.
Separating people into groups based on actions is not us verses them mentality. Telling the guy who wants a public option that he is evil because he doesn’t see how your M4A model as workable is us verses them. Admit it, you’re just angry and sad and want a guy to that tells you everything is someone else’s fault and you only need to rise up and then you can finally be happy.
Right of course. So it’s not about policy it’s about who’s owned. Something intangible that can’t be proven. It’s because this intangible stuff you have no responsibility. Cool.
Donations =\= ownership, ya dingus.
Does that also mean Bernie is promising nonsense to poor people that he can’t and won’t deliver on because broke college kids who took on too much debt want a bail out?
Because they’re asshats who think they’re being clever. Just look at the idiot below you acting like there’s no way anyone has negative thoughts towards America. Every reddit thread devolves to this for a reason.
Yea but when talking about world threats and violators of human rights relative comparisons do matter. Wait what am I doing, you’re the idiots who found away to make a conversation about China about your hatred of America. You’re just an idiot.
Huh?
Not it’s not. Long form criticism is far complicated than that. You need to be able present yourself and your arguments rationally and properly for a multitude of reasons. Things like, swaying people in the fence, not making people skeptical of your motivations etc. I mean at this point I’m just explaining basic human interactions to you. Like do you seriously not get how presentation of an argument is part of the whole deal?
Oh no you don’t. Don’t you dare try to change the conversation. You’re arguing that how you present an argument shouldn’t matter, hence the stupid finger pointing analogue. If you’re wanted to have a nuanced convo about OWL critics you’ve should’ve indicated it sooner.
You did the same thing. The original comment actually said his points have merit but the presentation needs work. You challenge the idea that presentation matters flat out. In your second part you are yet again backpedaling and saying it’s part of the deal but not the whole thing. But like with any puzzles if you screw up one piece bad enough everything falls apart, hence the original comment (that you disagreed with). You’re an edgy Redditor who is bothered by societies ideas of presentation but when grilled you realized how stupid of stance it was to publicly take are now backing down.
Yea I’m done here, no way I’m reading this.
No but selective responsibility when we are all part of the problem is.
We always lose? Seriously? Centrists won the White House under obama, they took the senate under bush. They won the popular vote in 2016. They took the house in 2018 and not a single AOC endorsed candidate won. Far leftists can’t even win a primary in left party and you’re saying the centrists can’t win? The centrists have lost one presidential election in 2016 and now that means they never win?!?, the far leftists haven’t won anything outside small population seats.
Check the 2018 house races to see how progressives did
So progressives don’t win?
So to win in hard to win places you need to be centrist. Things like maybe the general election?
Progressives can’t win hard seats, we agree there. Obama ran as the hopeful centrist. Don’t rewrite history. Many people on the left came at him hard for it, Bernie even tried to primary him. And are you really pulling the “progressives would win anytime a centrist loses because lack of support?” Also don’t forget the flipping of the house comes and goes with who holds the White House. Main point being, progressives can’t win national elections, they can’t even win the dem primary. There is not secret group of socialist who aren’t voting that will suddenly be spurred into action. There is a huge swath of centrists that bounce back and forth. Try to get their vote, cuz they show up.
Or maybe I don’t and you live your life continually pissed off like every gamer who posts complaining about games. Trying reading, it’ll help keep your blood pressure down.
It in that example is there any system where as things get cheaper and better they don’t also become more wide spread.
Idiots being Berniecrats?
Or maybe I really don’t care anymore fight with angsty redditors for 18 hrs about a video geme. Ps I’m not reading past the first sentence and half, probably makes my comments even less on point. Downvoted away cuz I’ve been done here for hours.
God you are going to be so sad for next 60 years of your life waiting for a savior that ain’t coming.
And I’m proved correct yet again. Go harass someone else on a day old video game critic thread, god knows you don’t have anyone to talk to in person.
If you define progressive by tearing down the best system ever created? Y’all been trying for 60 years. Good luck failing at improving the world while centrists get shit done.
Especially rock stars.
Posts about fragile white people yet thinks David Bowie is down to earth
You really wanna play this game with far leftists? Christ you’re stupid.
You proved me so right so fast I had to celebrate, what can I say I’m a sucker for being right when dealing with fools.
That’s not logic that’s you being a child. When you’re Venn diagram is only Bernie. I can’t wait till bernie loses again and you start justifying not voting for a dem that will make healthcare improvements after spending years screaming that we need them. It’s going to be glorious, good ole heart attack commie boi.
I hate this clip.
For starters it’s super sexist for how he talks to the girl. Next it’s such an arrogant clip where he makes very baseline points like they’re truly insightful, if this was real and live it might be clever. Next he talks about the glory times of America while glossing over all the terrible things. Next he forgets how dominant America is right now when it comes exploration and innovation both in and outside of STEM. I’m totally down with criticisms but this clip is self aggrandizement while forgetting that when we were preparing to go to the moon interracial marriage wasn’t federally protected. (67) Talk about what made America great in the past but don’t pretend 2004 or whenever this clip came out is worse.
Idk how that refutes me hating this clip, especially when it’s touted as a genuine critique of the US.
Other comment
I’m sorry but the response really doesn’t make sense when discussing content given he’s also flat out wrong. It’s not a situation of “not you’re not wrong, you’re just an asshole”. It’s a situation of “you’re wrong and you’re an asshole”. I’m really not sure what you think your point is.
Idk why 2010s is an especially bad time to be American but the context in show doesn’t matter given its posted under the guise of being smart with OP even questioning people not liking it.
I’m sorry but that’s the same bullshit people use to defend sexism. Things don’t have equal impact between men and women nor is what she doing near level required for a frat guy to be called as such. Also the whole “honey Incase you wander into a voting booth” schtik. Again we are still leaders by a fucking mile compared to the rest of the world (Silicon Valley is a real place), the real difference is everything else isn’t in shambles like it was post WW2. Also he compares us directly to ourselves and in that comparison unequivocally states we are worse when we are objectively far better today than than 50 years ago.
Cap was dead wrong. When 100 countries tell you you are wrong and making them feel unsafe you don’t get to say fuck off I know better. That’s like civil society 101. What kind of works is cap trying to build where if you’re strong enough rules don’t apply.
1 you’ve heard of on this specific issue. Name 5 others with water issues without google, if you can’t it’s not cuz it’s not a problem.
Yea the progressives need to support a candidate that can win, #dumpsanders!
Funny how Reddit is that you can’t tell.
Higher, this new should be. Posted at a bad time, it was.
Not trusting governments doesn’t change the idea the cap believes societies rules don’t apply to people strong enough to break them. The same way that cap learned not to trust govs he should also have learned that going it alone can lead to you hurting innocent people over false info. How many lives was cap willing to risk and maybe even lose because his instinct was wrong.
His actions speak louder than his words. When he was weak he wasn’t going around breaking the law because no one could stop him, and even if he was the logic he was following was “the law only applies to me if I like it”. This wasn’t some Nazi situation where he was being ordered to kill innocents. It was the governments of the world telling him he was being too reckless after he chased terrorists into a public market got a hunch of people killed and he said “nah I’m good”. Ultron said it best “like you could live without a war”. Cap doesn’t know how to handle tough situations without going immediately to violence, even when he was weak his immediate reaction was to throw a punch. That’s why the civil war fights happened, rather than slow down and figure the situation out he jumps straight to full on deadly combat multiple times. Best example, in CW the scene where he’s just talking to Bucky before fighting the Germany swat team. Cap should’ve def helped them take Bucky in, he’s a crazed super soldier that has spent the last 75 years murdering people and can be sent off by a few words. Cap is “nah fam this guy is my boi so y’all can catch these concussions”.
Five questions later “that makes sense to do it that way, but yea idk how to help you”.
Correct me if I’m wrong but don’t trans women often have hormones levels that if present in cis women would be disqualifying?
I’m trying to be a genuine student of this and I’ll be honest I’m looking at with a very critical eye. I skimmed through the study and most of the papers (they diluted down to 8) focus on mental condition not physical capability. Could you indicate where in the study they look intensely at places where physical capability of trans women is compared to cis women and cis men vs cis women. My main question is I’d like to see stuff on those differences and I’m not seeing much if any of it in what you linked.
So I’m totally willing to admit I’m using a biased example or maybe I’m uninformed about the usage of blockers but doesn’t this directly contradict you? I’ll admit her story from a few years ago is won exmaple that I base my opinion on. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/think/amp/ncna1000896
That’s really bad comparison with Norway and trans athletes. There are way too many confounding factors for that to be take seriously. A study I asked for else where in this thread and I’d like to see is physical metrics of trans athletes vs cis ones and cis vs cis. That to me would far more strongly make the point. I’ll will admit I’m coming from a point a skepticism of what I know about physiology. I’d like arguments to counteract that because honestly it would be great for society if tran athletes could be allowed to compete like cis ones.
Yea but if a trans person does have those elevated levels which many do does that not create an issue? I’m more basing the discussion on the acknowledgment that these differences are admittedly unfair. I don’t think the numbers are as solid as you’re implying about hormones numbers amongst trans athletes. Also are you implying that a trans woman should be forced to take more hormones if the event occurs?
Okay. There is not accounting for trans athletes lack of success due to bigotry faced by trans athletes. You’re comparing the inherent capability to people who are amongst the few who are able to train in a sport. The whole comparison falls sorry because the key metric is literally opposite. There’s also comparing all trans athletes to a velvety particular and homogenous wealthy country with lots of social safety nets which is huge when discussing peak capability. That’s just off the top of my head.
Yea but you just jumped over my whole point. I’m saying him ignoring the accords is him saying he believes if you don’t want to follow the law and have the strength to ignore it then you can. It was argued he doesn’t believe that and I said his actions speak louder. I have no clue how you’re most recent comment even addresses my point. I’m saying that’s an immoral stance especially when he’s being asked to face oversight just like every other police/military force.
But in this I instance the effect has been proven for thousands of years (m vs f). If the study wants to disprove that it doesn’t have the privilege of assuming null. The base assumption is men are fundamentally more physically capable than women. To disprove that you must provide evidence.
It’s a real struggle. And I know I’m up and down this thread but I really believe if the evidence is there id love to advocate for blind inclusivity because that would be most simple. But the facts aren’t adding up the way I’m told they would.
What do you “business”’people are? You actually sound like you’re a high schooler or freshmen in college who only has experience in business through tv
I like my job. It’s open but you’re allowed to leave to work from home and literally say “I need to power through some stuff so I’ll be at home”. It works great because we have awesome collaboration but on days when you know what you need to do you just stay home.
Oh is it? Did you get that fact from a study or did you make it up because that’s how you feel? So fucking ironic.
Oh please for the love of god stop using that pathetic rhetorical tool of crazy people where you make blanket statements and expect me to take it as truth. Advertising as an industry is not evidence that people are stupid. There may be some dumb commercials but you’re projection on to all of society shows how shallow your mind really is.
You’re doubling down on the stuff that has convinced me you’re stupid, I love it when I think I’m right and then get shown without a shadow of a doubt.
Cuz that’s what’re we’re told non-stop
It’s really not because that means your assuming most people are secretly racist. If in today’s world you truly believe most people are racist, you’re either stupid or in desperate need to an education in what racism really is.
They say it’s perfectly reasonable to assume any white person is racist and that racism is about equally likely across races. If you can’t add that up to most ppl are racist I can’t help you.
Seriously does anyone not remember the whole “mei is trash” stuff? The meta shift made mei huge not the buffs. When the Mets shifts she’ll be trash again.
It’s Del Mar, that’s Torrey pines in the background.
Where’s the line?
We have legal protections and pretty solid unemployment in the US. Don’t let reddit trick you into believing extremes. Things could be better but don’t think in the US things like firing people or kicking out tenants are easy. When you say “legally protected” what do you mean? Because you then on to imply he can still be fired. Also I don’t see how either point you made is tied to capitalism. Also Sweden is capitalistic and tried being more socialist and moved away from it. Krossa Socialism.
Quick look around you’re being toxic to other people on non-political subreddits. You people are a walking self parodying joke.
This but unironically.
Ironic, given this thread was started by someone screaming capitalist!
The flip is spamming small indie company every time people say it’ll take a while.
Can I ask where the bathroom break stuff is from? I heard about drivers peeing in bottles but that was only from them choosing to do so to hit more stops.
Okay, I can def see sub optimal working conditions at amazon. But like most people here I believe the solutions is far more complex than yelling at Amazon.
Eh for me it doesn’t add up because what we already have creates a huge deficit and they just rant about the military when asked what would you cut.
1. Ironic because I said WE COULD BE BETTER, sounds like accepting criticism to me, but again you’re illiterate so you missed that part. 2. I was attacking someone wholesale blaming capitalism not the US, you guys made it a US vs Sweden thing because you can’t control yourselves. 3. Didn’t call you a Russian shill, I called you illiterate because you claim I can’t take criticism when I provided my own. So like all angry Bernie bois you lost you shit and started ranting about Sweden you walking caricature.
Oh yea you are one, you’re literally ranting at everyone about politics in every thread even on uplifting news. You’re clearly an idiot without a day job or any real life validation. Get help, social media isn’t meant for this. Also you cane in the convo when they changed it to Sweden go talk to them, you troll.
It’s more about how the site is run by up and downvotes. On the popular subs there’s a mob mentality and it’s interesting to watch it swing around.
I would like to add an audit to the list. The man who killed Floyd had a history and he’s far from the only one. We should be making it rain pink slips at a minimum.
Isn’t musk a bit young to Epstein crowd?
Can we please not over exaggerate that court ruling? We’ve got enough real evidence for police reform.
She was genuinely hated for a while when she just sucked then she developed and opinions have swung. Some people are just a little behind on the change.
Answer my question. Is it from the part of the FAQ that specifically refers to those who are exempt and allowed to move freely? If the answer is the yes, then I didn’t miss anything, you’re just being dumb. The CPP comment wasn’t accusing you of being CPP, it’s accusing you of acting like fans of the CPP. You went to the website to prove me wrong, read something you thought agreed with you while ignoring context which proves me right. You’re too busy supporting cops to see the truth. That’s what me saying CPP refers to.
Because you’re clearly reading these comments too fast or are illiterate here’s the part I think you’re referring too * If I am exempt from the Executive Order, do I need to comply with law enforcement’s instructions? Yes. Even if you are exempt from the Executive Order (see response above for listing of people exempt), if a law enforcement officer or other public safety personnel gives you instruction, you must comply.* Tell me if there’s another part I am missing, otherwise you’re just quoting out of context which in my booking is calling lying.
That’s not what happened you liar. I wrote out the section you misquoted from my link. I never accused you of being CPP. I accused you of being willing to lie to defend the state, like you are right now like a CPP supporter. You ran away from the convo when you realized how wrong you were. You truly are a coward and liar.
He plays competitive death match
This guy is all over reddit trying to turn every conversation into some socialist chapo shit. He doesn’t actually care about George Floyd. Ignore him, he’s the scum of reddit.
Because that’s not how honest ration debates works. You don’t get to makes such massive extrapolations. What is being said is too far from where it’s derived to be considered an honest statement.
What part about “starts” did you not grasp? All you did was rant about a bunch of stuff everyone knows as if this would be news to Obama. First step to all of the change you are talking about is putting people in power who are interested in similar change
It appears your brain is incapable of grasping nuance on its own. Let’s break down two statements to see if we can help you. “Will voting eliminate racism”. You seem to be under the impression that a start to solution must be an final absolute cure. This is not the case. Voting can alleviate the symptoms of racism and help create measures to fight racisms growth. Great examples are out-lawing Jim Crow so the white a blacks could start doing business together and grow closer. Next. “all legislation does is drive racism underground” First, you say that’s like it’s a bad thing. It’s not. Driving racism underground is very good, especially on a day to day scale. Only someone who has never experienced it would say something so dumb. Second, that’s not true, a lot of people really do take moral cues from the laws especially the next generation yet to be born. Creating a legal land scape that fights racism is a great way to eliminate racism for generations to come. Example, funding for magnet schools where there are diversity quotas to just have different groups of kids grow up together. Hopefully I’ve help shed a bit of light as to why you are being downvoted and how what you’re saying isn’t as original as you think it is.
I didn’t catch their games, did Fury step it up?
Respect my man Sokka is give his name the double kk.
Go be a lonely poor white male European somewhere else chapo.
Sure ;)
She said what?
Do you have a source? I was able to find her talking about healthcare as human right, which was pretty dumb but I’d love to be able to find the insulin quote.
Thank you taking the time to find the source for me.
It’s kind of wild to watch everyone talk past you.
To me it’s also self centered. I have no issue with people speaking out if they choose to, but the world is too full of insane acts of cruelty every day for you be frustrated by others not speaking out directly when the tragedy strikes closer to home for you.
I got the impression it was about other countries in the EU being able to dictate who could come to the UK. Like if Germany decides to grant 1 million refugees German passports, those people now has free movement in the UK. I’m def ignorant on this topic so feel free to educate me if you think I’ve said something off.
Do you have source on the 3 month free thing? Google gave me free movement stuff but not the 3 month thing. Also to be fair I think that’s a bit of a legitimate complaint. If does kind of sound like UK was at risk of losing the ability to control its borders. I’m personally not a fan of borders and like the idea of the free movement of labor. But I wouldn’t want my countries borders artificially pried open by another nation via the EU. Tho I can also def see the underlying fear being “brown people can just come here!?!” Either way thanks
You’re really missing the point of complaint/ question. If Germany decided to hand out passports and those holders decided to move there be nothing stopping them, nothing you said addressed that. A rant about Germany being great is just you being bad at staying in topic and not at all relevant.
Did you have a stroke?
You didn’t actually acknowledge that it exists. You also didn’t enhance the conversation, you changed it. Germany was clearly just an example country and the core discussion was about other EU countries having the ability to allow free movement in the UK to anyone anywhere. A discussion about German specific laws and standards living is you just moving past me to discuss something nearly irrelevant.
Cool thanks.
Insert meme about uttering nonsense
That’s going to interesting to codify into without loopholes
Idk man some people are weird, I was originally downvoted for a compliment and jab.
Where have you worked before?
“Destroyed” really?
So what’s your objection (maybe I’m wrong but your first comment seems to take issue with what I said).
The mail box is full
We call it the “psycho bitch titan killer”, it may or may not have been designed with you in mind.
“I get that reference”
Neck shot if I’m correct
Isn’t that cannon? Like she wanted marry and have a life with Historia
True but she’s shown zero interest in any men, lesbian would my assumption from a literary standpoint.
Yea they had an outage listed online but claim it’s fixed. I just did a hard reset and mine is working now.
I just hold the power button until turns off right away and let it sit for a minute or two. Don’t use the controller to turn it off.
Yup
That’s why I say from a “literary” standpoint she’s lesbian below. Her sexual is discussed by the author and she’s shown to be only to be gay. To say she’s bisexual requires some indication from the author. By the same token any character who shown romantic feeling could assumed to be bi. Unlike real life where for people are real and don’t exist in scenes crafted specifically for you to grasp their identity.
Well the meme does the comma
Implying in comp they actually play as more healer or actually take criticism.
That’s the thing. I know too many white people who confuse having a black persons phone number with having black friends.
So you’re taking the stance of “no they don’t want to abolish it, only regulate it (implying regulation is less severe) but also regulation is more severe than abolishment”? What a weird place the human mind is. It’s always a nice reminder that it’s not only the right who will jump through idiotic hoops to justify themselves.
“I don't see anyone calling for the abolishment of the 2A, they just want it regulated better.” Definitely implying regulation is less severe than abolishment.......
Ironic you keep insulting people about picking up a dictionary but you’re clearly not well versed in the vernacular use of the word “just”.
“It is worse, it is ignoring it and with that destroying the core concept of rule of law” ^different user “So...and this is literally all i've been saying IT IS DIFFERENT” ^ your response In context you’ve admitted regulation is worse than abolishment. This means that you admitted in a convo about people “not demanding abolishment” they’ve actually called for something similar/worse. Meaning in context regulation and abolishment are the same. All according to quotes from you.
I got you fam Edit: other comment chain
You are going to enjoy what comes next
Yea it was so strange to see him get his ass kicked over and over and over. I’m starting to believe the writers are rolling dice to decide what happens next.
I think she’s incredible at giving the right what it wants. She only serves to reinforce the worst in Dems and actively rejects our best aspects.
At what point does it become reality?
What a weirdly racist tactic to excuse his behavior. Blacks-&gt;tend to be evangelical Christians -&gt; evangelicals tend to support Israel -&gt; therefore an individual black man can never be anti-Semitic nor can there be anti-Semitic issues in the black community. You seem hell bent on ignoring massive segments of the black community (non-evangelical Christians let alone Muslims). You kind of sound like a racist explaining why this is dance of racism doesn’t quite count.
Isn’t ivanka clearly Azusa?
Oh sweet child, all those tanks and dps who take terrible positions and get punished are now going to have evidence you’re not properly healing. Toxic people can’t be turn non-toxic by evidence.
The part about reading that which was so striking was how he thought he owned Obama more than non-black Americans (there’s a lot more than white) by virtue of Obama being black. That man was president to all people of this country. This weird ownership they felt he had over him is gross.
The train fight scene was inspired. Also we got enraged Spider-Man, something he’s always had in the comics but the other adaptions don’t grasp as well.
It’s not just anger. It’s these raw emotions. For example, the whole trend of r/pics to allow posting of images that aren’t interesting unless you include a sob story title.
It’s crazy to be me y’all actually think China doesn’t have it worse.
Using human rights as a person marketing tool but then abusing them to fill you pocket book isn’t helping anyone. In fact Lebron is like every evil asshole in history, he has people he cares about as long as it benefits him and rest of us can fucking die for all he cares.
Lack of ability to democratically determine their future......
Y’all really out here trying to ruin the words “racist” and “bigot”.
It really does tho. We have tools to address it through our democracy. HK and China do not.
No, we are having a direct convo of US vs China. The post is an officer in HK reference America. You also brought up Corona virus into a convo about freedom. I’m actually retyping this comment because of how outrageous it is to accuse me of creating a false dichotomy when comparing freedoms in a China vs the US when you tried to shift the convo to pandemic responses. If you want to talk US vs China my original take of “I’ll take my freedoms and fumbles over their oppression” is 100 percent fair game. If you can’t agree to that, you’re not an honest enough person to continue speaking with.
Argue that you’re okay with the downsides of the CPP given these “upsides”. Just listing the upsides doesn’t actually make an argument. I for example said somewhere else that I’m okay with higher corona virus deaths if it means I’m allowed to criticize trump. If you don’t acknowledge the up and downsides and compare them, but instead list one off benefits then we are just going to be talking past each other. Does that make sense?
I asked if what I was saying made sense, you didn’t answer.
Really cuz America has done nothing but get better and more equitable and more diverse over those hundreds of years. Do you not know any history or are you arguing that since issues still exist today everything is broken?
We could try but it’ll just be devolve into an intellectually dishonest conversation.
Also “most”? Winnie the Poo is banned and talking about history they don’t like is illegal. If you’re going to argue most then list things like “having a family is legal”, I’ll stop talking with you cuz you’re clearly dishonest or stupid.
What part?
Don’t try to turn your edge lord comment into something intellectual, it’s embarrassing.
That’s what an edge lord would say.
He looks like bill burr
I know that’s why it occurred to be me
Since you’re clearly not he brightest: https://www.reddit.com/r/hillaryclinton/comments/4bl39n/hillary_just_said_something_that_really_hit_home/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
That’s a part of a lot Cara in the US(to my knowledge) but you still need to actually win and oh the lawyer until that point. Meaning if a defendant can outlast you with litigation, being right doesn’t make a difference and it’s not an affordable pursuit.
Did u flip that?
Nah London is nowhere near Mayhem level, only reason Fleta looked good. Sideshow still top 2 pharah/flex dps, he’d boom fleta 1v1.
God damn this was sick
Except in this one sasuke actually helps itachi to grow and forgives him while he’s alive.
What’s been going on?
Try vermicelli (with pork personally) if you get the chance.
There are a bunch of “imaginary” subs. I think this would fit in quite a few.
While you’re not wrong I don’t like the totem pole of oppression version. It leads to some really broken outcomes. I think it needs to be taught that all people can be oppressors or oppressed and allow anyone to explain why a group you’re a part may be engaging in oppressive behavior towards another. Edit: My point is made here, this user actually dismisses the black community as not having any issue with Jews due to.....wait for it....the anti-semitism in white communities being so high. I’m truly amazed just a great example reared it’s head in an attempt to prove me wrong. https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/h927eb/ublanknothingnodoer_explains_why_the_murders_no/fuvahlz/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf Edit 2: small evidence I quickly googled for a link to some stuff I’m talking about. User above dismisses my examples when there’s plenty of evidence, due to my attacking the wrong group on the totem pole. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/2020/1/3/21039446/anti-semitism-anti-orthodox-farrakhan-conspiracy-theories-bipartisan
I’m not confused about the concept, I’m talking about the usage. But the execution and real world usage is 100 percent a totem pole. An example is black anti-semitism. Jews are considered lower so anti-semitism in black community is never discussed.
Well anti-semitism in the black community is huge. Even last year a black man shot yo a Jewish deli next to a Jewish middle school.
In reddit, so not real life
How’s it close to all lives matter? All lives matter is a direct refutation of black lives matter. How is what I’m saying at it’s core, a refutation?
Y’all love repeating yourselves. What’s with Reddit and thinking if you say the same thing as everyone else with zero added info that it’ll some how be helpful?
Wow. Just wow. First off, white supremacy is 100 percent discussed as an issue with white america, what are you smokiness? You completely ignore how you used white people to deflect off black people. The stats in the article especially in NYC tell a different tale. You completely ignore how you refused to acknowledge the issue when given evidence of recent targeted gun violence. You completely flip the discussion on its head when given more evidence of the issue by saying “hey you have an article therefore everyone acknowledges it” while not realizing you are my evidence. You went to some pretty extreme lengths to dismiss the idea that anti-semitism in the black community is an issue. You also are being pretty hand wavy about the homophobia issue as well. I’m glad you can find some corners of the internet that are pretty solid defenders of gays in the black community but that’s also very fair from the real world. As for my claim that anti-semitism is more acceptable than anti-blackness, that has the caveat of being from the left. Take a look at women’s march.
That literally the opposite of what I’m saying but thanks for going full “idiot and condescending redditor” with your analogies. Black lives matter is literally a call asking for people to care about black lives given examples when they don’t, all lives matter dismisses that premise by saying it’s not a systemic issue and there no difference given to black vs white lives. I fail to see how there’s a single example of oppression I’m dismissing in favor of another. Since we doing the full stupid analogies, to me you’re saying. You - “Listen I know that guy got stabbed but we should call a fire truck for the burning house”. Me - “totally agree but also remember to call the ambulance” You - “ I called the fire truck” Me - “hope it gets here soon, what about the ambulance?” You - “the burning house is worse” Me - “can you not deal with both?” You - “seem to really not care about burning buildings”
You didn’t answer why it’s acceptable to expect the black community to held responsible for homophobia or misogyny, something you clearly are doing. Tell me what level of wide spread is required for you to jump from “fringe group” -&gt; “black community problem”.
It’s one of those times where I think we get to have faith in them as a Supreme Court justice. I believe these people can handle those in their personal lives disagreeing with them.
Idk if context really helps at all
Or maybe we address issues one at a time and don’t tie to together a jobs guarantee program with addressing telecom corruption? Insanely large pieces of legislation with too much packed in are an issue even when you like everything in them.
Was that guy republican?
If they’re aren’t meant to be one legislative package I don’t really see how they are part of the same thing. If they aren’t part of the same legislative package then you’re just proposing marketing the attachment of fighting telecom corruption with stupid things like jobs guarantee programs? That’s actually more stupid. As far bad legislative practices I’m referring to tying unrelated issues together for political points.
Doesn’t really work when it has stupid things like jobs guarantee programs. As with all typical far left proposals you shoot yourself in the foot by not being able to exorcise* the shitty ideas.
You just made a massive jump in logic and I don’t think you even really see it. Even if there was literally unlimited work that doesn’t not equal unlimited jobs. Infrastructure development takes years and you can’t do two things at once. You can’t build a new rail system on the same block and re-do the plumbing. So while a town may have 100 jobs worth of work that doesn’t mean they can employ 100 people this year. There’s a saying in software engineering, one engineer can do in one hour what two engineers can do in two. It’s not perfectly applicable here but the core concept remains. You can’t just throw money and bodies at a situation and expect that to solve it. And approaching our infrastructure problem from the perspective of “how do I employ as many people as possible” is sheer corruption.
1. Stop making up numbers 2. What your attempting to describe is an infrastructure package the exact opposite of a jobs guarantee program. 3. I’ve made no comments about an infrastructure package. 4. It’s not as simple as the private sector isn’t doing it. The public sector will not magically produce trained workers that will be affordable to do all these projects.
Redoing a cities plumbing will take 50 people a year, made up. The majority of jobs needed are low skill labor that can be easily taught to and executed upon by the unemployed population, made up. Calling us the wealthiest nation therefore it’s must be affordable is just you making stuff up. A jobs guarantee is just that. If you’re willing to work, we are willing to pay. That means you need to always be finding stuff for people to do, not as easy as you think without purposefully blowing up the budget. Funny you complain about military spending when it’s mostly spent on salaries of people in the services and salaries of people at companies getting contracts. You cut that suddenly you have lots more unemployed. Also I need some sources on what you quoting from the New Deal, I think I know what you’re talking about but I don’t think it’s what you think it is. I’m literally just getting started with how nonsensical you’re being. If this is all you Green New Deal people have under surface then I’m fully justified in my heart believing you guys are too dumb to be trusted with any power.
You’re really slow and it’s always annoying being insulted by an idiot so I’ll try once more. I’ve not objected to a infrastructures plan but a jobs guarantee plan. And I’ve read these links and ones like them pasted all over reddit a million times. It’s always far more complex than you make it out to be and isn’t nearly as supportive as you make it out to be. It’s just such a waste of my time to yet again read another 40 page document to explain why the details don’t give a grand picture of a world of fully employed construction works for the next 100 years only to have you change the topic again (as you have already changed the topic once). Also you didn’t fact check me on the military, I informed you. The single largest place money is spent is personnel. I like how in your mind it being 42 percent means I wasn’t right. Posting a million links that I yet again need to take 5 days to go through to find lines your making these insane extrapolations from doesn’t make you smarter that makes yet another internet person who is self creating an echo chamber.
Calculated, nearly ended with another shatter.
What’s DT? It sounds like the_donald but I’m not sure.
Again I’ve seen these links before and the minute I started reading them they contradicted your original point. Funny how that’s the only thing you haven’t responded to. I’m ignorant not and am I refusing to read anything. The reality is you’re not honest about what it says and it’s not worth my time to read the whole thing to just have you (ironically) ignore my findings. If you insist on dismissing my as stupid I guess I’ve made my point. And you’re right, instead of “majority” I should have said single largest and nearly half. And again also doesn’t included all the jobs the only half of budget supports. So actually I do think 51 percent is pretty damn close.
Also the statement about Lockheed is painful to read. Do you actually think 8 billion goes to paying salaries and the rest is burned or spent on stock buy backs? This is what I’m talking about with your statements being nonsense. If Lockheed buys fuel that’s goes to the supporting jobs, just not ones at Lockheed. If you want to gut the military budget to pay for infrastructure dev then be prepared to have lots more of unemployed people. Christ I hate stupid people.
I clicked the right one but forget which it was!
Nah they’re just dirt sand people who honk at each other and probably stole their guns from actual people. Anakin should’ve gone looking for more villages.
Doesn’t that make sense tho? They’ve never really had to work and would fail on their own. Therefore they believe successful people are lazy cheaters like them and and unsuccessful people are just unlucky.
In fact I think the only time someone with more lightsabers won against someone with less was dooku vs anakin p2
Doesn’t doesn’t ventress lose like every fight?
Or if they hadn’t uncut him being scary by having storm troopers comically back away/
I agree. My whole thing is that one being true doesn’t negate something else. I included the part about a proper explanation to negative the idea that a person can simply claim “its all the same” visa vi the black trans woman’s systemic experience.
Y’all said the same thing till last year he whipped out the reaper and fucked all the way to third place. People really need to realize the overall team seriously impacts how a player looks.
It’s really not that different between people unless you have a severe condition. If you didn’t lose a single pound then you couldn’t measure or severely overestimated how much exercise you were actually doing. The laws of thermodynamics and conservation of mass don’t go out the window because of tiny variations in metabolism. As far gaining the weight back, that’s because you started over eating again, you don’t get the size of the man in the video via “eating normally”. If a particular diet has lead to obesity quitting for a few months and then going back will scientifically lead to putting the weight right back on.
Depends what you’re looking for. If you’re looking to over take old money in a single generation? Probably not. If you’re looking to be happy, live a good life and travel the world from time to time then we absolutely do.
According to this an Arab Shieks son is level privileged than a poor poor Vietnamese second generation high school student.
It’s only stupid if you don’t like the plan. If you like it, then it’s courageous and visionary.
Details?
I’m saying what was the tantrum. Did she want some warren endorsement?
Oh of course supporting her is synonymous with supporting women.
Now tell me why I can’t have one as a pet
Had to include the “yet”, lol
Who is Krystal Ball and why do I hate her so much?
I believe it was technically power regulation that had the limit at the beginning of the fight.
I’d like to take her home with me and let her teach about things every morning.
Yes but at some point you’ll need to cash in on it. Great way to turn a profit for a few years. Essentially you’re asking why now? Bad response is, why anytime?
How much do your families suck that you see this and think I want that as my grandma? It’s a random woman holding a slightly political sign with a bit of vulgarity thrown in.
At least check my history. https://www.reddit.com/r/hillaryclinton/comments/4bl39n/hillary_just_said_something_that_really_hit_home/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
It’s not really ever been a thing before, nationally. I saw a comment yesterday where the person went and looked at past hashtags on Instagram and Juneteenth was almost unknown 4 years ago and has been spiking recently.
She lies still on her back and does nothing.
I don’t think you meant it like this but that definitely read like a warning against using bamboo too much.
Finally get a her and teabags incessantly.
All people can suck.
I do. I’m neoliberal and a registered Democrat. I’m also a mixed child who parents marriage wasn’t even legal until over half way through the 20th century. The destruction of our history and desecration of our monuments to heroes that made my life possible then to tack on it the inability to rationally explain why Grants faults don’t matter in his grand legacy scare the shit out of me.
That’s the part I don’t get from some out neoliberal friends. At some point when the far left keeps telling you exactly who they are we need to believe. I don’t make excuses for the far right and think it needs to go both ways. This is an actual slippery slope, not a right wing talking point.
It’s really not a clear cut as you make it. If you don’t think tearing down statues of celebrated American presidents doesn’t have the potential to trigger electoral consequences I suggest spending more time with the politically less active.
She just looks disappointed the ride isn’t scarier.
Nothing about this comment is about technology
No ones buying your change in subject, go away
Mixed race jew registered Dem from Chicago is now a Nazi? No wonder you think they’re taking over. Keep digging the hole on reddit, it’s got to start working eventually right?
You just called a regular poster to r/neoliberal and who has years old posts about loving Hillary Clinton a Nazi. You literally just accused someone not as far left as you as being far right 5 minutes ago. You’re no different than the far right, what a shit show you are.
Nope, straight and male. My gay sister wins tho.
Where do I defend a nazi? All I see is me complaining about how a sub is full politics when it shouldn’t be and someone pretending their off topic rants will defend against the on coming trump dictatorship. But keep swinging, you’re proving my point about being unhinged and attacking everyone around you for having any differing opinions on any subject.
Next just type “you’re right, I’m sorry”, it’ll be faster.
Two things to add. 1. The girls spent their lives being told they were working sacrificing in a way others their age wouldn’t understand. Which is true, just didn’t include being assaulted. 2. These were girls, the fuck did they know.
Trump lost the popular vote by 3 million to Clinton, FYI. Not taking a side but you said he had the majority last election and that’s simply false.
No worries. Actually if you want to get it even crazier, he won due 77,000 unfortunately placed votes.
They sit in corner quietly
If we can have 10 posts about how great it is that Biden is up, we can also have 10 posts about actions that very much might get in his way.
So then it’s not doom posting. If someone’s actions fairly or unfairly are impacting the national and/or online discussion then posts about how it’s not good isn’t “doom posting”. Ignoring the allegations against Biden didn’t make them go away, it was investigating them talking about them and showing how it was nothing. Same here, ignoring these idiots won’t help. Confronting them and their ideas will.
Might need a few edits
It’s an ideology rooted in the idea that man must be one with nature. This means any ideas that don’t fit into the idea must be wrong.
To inject my experiences as a man I’ve had power imbalances used against me. A girl wouldn’t stop touching me in public and when I tried to avoid her, my own father said “why are you giving her power just let her and then it doesn’t matter, she’s just a small girl”. The idea of power imbalances I totally agree lean against women way harder, especially physical. But to say that sexual misconduct being protected by power structures only protecting men and only hurting women is false. Metoo should be about all social structures that make it hard for individuals to speak up for and protect themselves.
Hence the idea that MeToo should about the structures and how they hurt all people and not women being perceived as weaker only hurts women.
Joe Rogan likes anyone that complains about any form of establishment. Tyson will discuss issues in the American educational system, and Alex Jones will discuss psychic vampires in the DNC. Those degrees of difference don’t matter to Joe.
Was in an Uber where there poor kid said just that. He thought he wouldn’t have to worry about debt cuz his man bernie would fix it all.
I don’t disagree but that’s why these people foam at the mouth over things like “Algae” and solar. They feel on an emotional level those are better solutions regardless of facts.
Not a Wendy’s? God, this neighborhood is going to shit.
So I need to add the “/s”?
Yea Afghanistan is a reference to how they never seem to have an issue with Sanders voting for that war.
It’s the classic “how much of the game do I actually spend playing the game”.
Hahahah
Oh shut the fuck up with that shit. Jesus you people can’t give it a rest, every thread is full of your propaganda. Edit: keep downvoting you leeches, you all and the poster above who do nothing but post about you’re weird versions of reality fail every time when reality comes knocking.
Appointed as Bernie vanquisher by the black population that voted against Bernie twice in 4 years. What we should’ve done is vote for the guy who did nothing for the black community his entire life and hired a press secretary who harassed civil rights icons on twitter for fun in 2017.
Nope not at all. Again unlike you my reddit posting isn’t a full view into my psyche and I don’t share the views of everyone on every sub I’ve every posted on. Sad what thinking that says about you.
Genuine question, how bad have you seen on some these interest rates? Edit: thank you for your replies, you’ve given me anxiety for the day.
Funny how you moved on from calling me a parasite because you realize I do more to help people than you ever will.
Holy fuck. Yea I’m not experienced but mine is 1.9 so u wasn’t sure how high up they go.
You’re convinced people who do and make things are parasites. I know you’re a person who does nothing but is convinced if society was different you’d be transformed into something useful.
Funny how getting rejected by every category above a certain age is boomers but below suddenly these people have individual identities. Talk about racism, these people only exist as long as they agree with you.
Funny cuz again you’re just doing the same thing. No acknowledgment about Bernie hiring people who harass civil rights icons for fun on twitter. You just skip right over that one. Or Bernie doing nothing for the black community for literally decades. Like how he won his first election outside of Burlington by losing to black woman in the democratic primary then running to the right of her as an independent and courting the NRA.
Funny cuz I just gave you an example but you rejected it out right and ran back to the quote of “marched with black people”, news flash: so did Mitch McConnell. Dude showed up to one protest in college then left Chicago to dick around in Vermont and did nothing of any substance. Also he’s on camera doing things like complaining about illegal immigrants needing to deported to protect American jobs, so I really don’t know what you’re talking about. But again you’ll just reject everything thing I’m saying and go run back to Latestage and whine about rent and claim to have owned another neolib. You’ll continue to lose elections and think everyone in America is so much dumber than you even tho you can’t get your life together. I probably won’t be reading your response cuz I have work tomorrow at job where I help people. Literally I’m in charge of the blind users facet of our product line. But feel free to go off about how I’m parasite and an evil person and also stupid and don’t like facts.
Yo there’s a video out there of guy who’s clearly experienced killing a nest with his bare hands. Edit: https://youtu.be/eKd0So_d4GA
Don’t be a coward, be this guy https://youtu.be/eKd0So_d4GA
If it wasn’t gamble rumble, you were doing something wrong.
It’s pretty muddied when the relationship already has a long history of recording each other nude. It’s not great but assuming someone is comfortable with being filmed nude is a world of difference when they’ve already been doing that with you for an extended period of time.
Awwww that just warms my heart
Personality follows behavior, child rearing 101. If you start young enough kids typically develop their moral compasses around what they’re told is good behavior.
Honestly this is a spectacular piece Edit: any info on this piece in higher res?
I still can’t believe the influence that girl has had.
That’s the part that’s so fascinating relative to other civil rights fights. A KKK leader wouldn’t suddenly have a dark as midnight black daughter.
Only the people studying to make no money. I’ve noticed a strong tie between people who want to work in moderately paying industries and up and not being pulled into any commie crap.
That example means the child of this person doesn’t hold their parents bigotry in their heart. You seem to be missing the difference between race and sexuality if you think that example applies.
Just type “I don’t understand the spontaneity of people born with divergent sexuality” next time. You continue to miss my point while thinking I’m the stupid one, be more reddit.
5’11.5 gang united! We don’t need that extra half inch, we have shoes!
That’s the problem as I understood in an Obama interview. There is information on these people we know to be true and they are the scum of the earth but we can’t be convicted in an America court.
I was actually speaking from the perspective of the pressure on the executive. That from that perspective you bare the responsibility of the violence to come if you let those people go, making what was the moral high ground more gray. Again I’m basing what I know about the situation on an interview with the man himself. He never mentioned lacking political power and he regularly talked about how there were things he wanted to do but couldn’t in every other category. Assuming political pressure just sounds like you’re assuming a reality to allow Obama being great and there being no gray zone with gitmo to exist together.
You really aren’t grasping the moral dilemma. The example of courts letting people go who go on to horrible things shows you aren’t getting it (like a person who’s home is illegally searched on US soil and murder weapons are found and is let go by US courts). The world of international law morally is far more complex. The morality of imposing different views and laws on across borders is quite messy. If evidence is obtained legally in one jurisdiction but is illegal in another which “foundation of justice” is to be respected? That example is a small microcosm of the complexity you’re not getting. You trying to apply moral absolutism from a subjective system of laws, aka torture isn’t admissible in court (and cuz it’s Reddit I must mention of course I agree with this). But I have feeling at this point you’ll just keep saying the same thing over and over and even if you start to get my point you won’t admit it.
Your foundations of justice. You keep stating “foundations of justice” as if it’s some absolute. It’s not.
Whenever someone feels the need to look at posts from 4-5 years ago on an irrelevant topic I know I’ve won. Victory taste good.
You’re entire current history being about fetishizing white men is def relevant to a convo of you being tone def on race. Me liking a crap anime 5 years ago isn’t. Yet again I’m right.
BDE all around.
I totally understood what you’re saying and thinking getting a black daughter is as spontaneous as getting a gay child means you’re both tone deaf on race an sexuality. I mean it’s really getting embarrassing for you.
Nope wrong on my whiteness, my are you getting desperate. If you’re going through my history you should know I’m not white, get a grip. You keep saying you get race then keep proving yourself wrong. So I’ll try this “why is sexuality different than race as a civil rights movement in context I originally commented?” Should be easy, even for you, and remember you don’t get to use the “I’m being cheeky” excuse this time.
Also being Latina doesn’t make your posts any less creepy.
Funny how you were unable to answer my simple question. Try again. Edit: this question https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/hgu01v/the_global_divide_on_homosexuality_persists/fwcfinm/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
I heard there were some shootings too
Why is this dude getting downvotes?
Okay now that I realized you’re the same people I’m super confused again.
I’m so confused now
The part all these comment fail to include is who in filling this position? Norway? I know these people aren’t about to say China or Russia
The quite part out loud is always in the comments. Every murderer in history has been able to explain why their crimes aren’t really crimes.
“Places execution tool outside of people’s homes and says those people should be scared” And “Who said anything about murder” You gotta pick one, otherwise you truly are falling into the trap of “my violence and murder is okay because reasons”.
Nice attempt at a change in topic to try make me as hate filled as you murderous ghouls.
All of M*A*S*H is an anti-war show. I’m really curious about that quote because it feels stupid, but I’m not arrogant enough to assume the speaker is a moron.
