Crunchy crystals are usually fertilizer and mineral salts, and the crust is what you can get when your watering isn't adding enough to flush out any excess, which would then go out the bottom hole. When you add small amounts from the top, it dissolves out the timed-release fertilizer that MG includes in their mix, and then it all just stays there in the soil instead of being flushed out the bottom, eventually manifesting on the soil's surface as evaporation carries them upwards. So remove the wick. Water when the top of the soil feels dry about 1/2" down, and add enough so it comes out the bottom hole. Discard this excess, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. You can use a spoon to scrape off any egregious clumps of crystals.
&gt; I imagine 55 gallons is only like a big trashcan in volume. He's talking about an oil drum. The giant Rubbermaid Roughneck trash cans for the alley are 32 gallons. They are commonly used to store industrial chemicals.
You can't put raised beds on top of tarps. What you're missing is that you need to mulch. Put mulch around your plants, and put mulch on your walkways. That's all you need to do.
You can, but it will still need to be outdoors in the ground eventually. It's not a houseplant, it's an outdoor spring-flowering bulb with requirements for full sun, and for both summer and winter dormancy periods.
You can add a layer of cardboard under the mulch, but yes, it's how it's done.
A spike looks like a tiny mittened hand, with a thumb and fingers. A root is just a pointy thing.
All you need is an ordinary T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight, or some CFLs as in /r/SpaceBuckets
Wild onions smell like onions when you crush a leaf. Naturalized narcissus don't. What do these smell like?
That's a tiny toy light, suitable for looking cute on a desk and boosting a low-light Dracaena or pothos plant. With LEDs, the more diodes you pay for, the brighter the light. You need to pay about $50 and upwards before you start getting into effectively bright light for plants that need it. Coffee plants are only "shade" plants when they're living in a jungle understory, where there are still probably several thousand lux worth of light coming through the dappled shade of the larger trees. You can get a brighter light, such as a four-tube high-output T5 fluorescent, or a T8 fluorescent, or some CFLs as in /r/SpaceBuckets . Run the lights anywhere from 8 to 16 hours a day, whatever's good for you. Get a timer to run it. Run it the same number of hours every day.
&gt;I added a few inches of straw to the floor and then covered it with an old shade cloth we had, to act as a drainage barrier between the soil and straw. I'm not understanding what you did. It sounds like you're saying that when you were building your raised beds, you first put down a layer of several inches of straw on top of the native "dirt" on the ground, and that you then put down a layer of either plastic or cotton canvas shade cloth on top of the straw, and that you then you dumped the potting soil for your raised bed on top of the shade cloth. Is this in fact what you did?
Evergreens, of any kind, whatever suits your location and your budget. Big spruce trees are pretty standard between subdivisions and the roadway.
How are you deciding when to water? How much water are you adding?
Those could be a different species of turfgrass, or a weed, or they could be urine spots from a dog.
You can get 3-4 plants into a 1 gallon bucket or coffee can.
Ok. Then there are no plants that you can grow in your office without providing them with some kind of light. There's a roster of low-light-tolerant plants such as snake plant and peace lily that are able to make do with standard daytime office overhead fluorescents, but if you don't even have that, then you'll need to obtain a light of some kind in order to grow a plant. Possibilities include T5, T8, or CFL fluorescents, or LED lights. Your fern will need proportionately brighter light than any of the low-light cubicle plants. I'd advise you to either take it home and put it in a north or east-facing window, or give it to someone who has one.
As long as they're simply mounded up, and are not confined by sides, such as wood, brick, etc., your drainage should be okay. But I'm not understanding the purpose of the exercise. Raised beds are a workaround for horrible soil, and if you've got decent soil (which you're digging up and piling into mounds), I'm not understanding why you're doing it. Your beds need to be in full sun, getting at least 6 hours a day of the sun shining on them. You are also withdrawing next year's nutrients from the forested area and starving the trees, if that matters. The layer of forest "duff" is what feeds the trees.
The best gift is a gift certificate to her favorite local nursery, garden center, or bookstore. This allows her to shop for what she really wants, the thing she secretly covets but would never buy for herself. Since you have no idea what she likes, what she hates, what she already owns, what she thinks is stupid and pointless and wouldn't have in the house if you paid her, this avoids you giving her something that makes her say, sincerely, "Oh. You *shouldn't* have" and then put it away for regifting at the next garden club White Elephant sale.
Why do you want to do this? Blueberries, like all shrubs, are always better off in the ground. Putting it into a pot lowers its chances to do better, it doesn't improve them. Fix the pH of the soil with any of the many fine compounds and preparations that are widely available at the garden center for this purpose.
That has nothing to do with the potting soil, and everything to do with a cultural requirements fail. The "silica bits"--the perlite--is not toxic and is not hurting your seedlings. The most likely cause is overwatering. How often are you watering? How are you deciding when to water? More details about exactly what you're doing are required.
K. Note that cukes, while their footprint on the ground is relatively small, once trellised will take up a huge amount of physical space in the garden. A row of trellised cukes in August is a big spiny leafy jungle, none of which fits nicely into a tidy grid of 1 foot squares. Note that broccoli seeds are generally started indoors in January.
You can start it out in a 4" post, but it's probably eventually going to need something closer to a 1 quart to 1 gallon nursery pot.
Is it in the ground, or in a container? How tall is it? How big around is the trunk? &gt;I assume I should pluck all the limes off it, No. Are you sure it's a a key lime, and not an ordinary lime tree? Because key lime is a definite tropical, and ordinarily can't survive winters outdoors in the ground, as a landscaping tree, much further north than Miami. I'd be very surprised to learn that you have a key lime tree growing outdoors and producing tons of fruit in zone 8 North Florida. http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/ch092 &gt;*The Key lime is very sensitive to cold temperatures, which limits its production to warmer areas of southern Florida. Damage to the foliage may occur at 30°F (-1°C) to 32°F (0°C), and wood damage or death will occur with temperatures below 29°F (-2°C) (Davies and Albrigo 1994). There are some warm locations outside of extreme south Florida that may be suitable for Key lime in the home landscape.* If it's in a pot, and not in the ground, just bring it indoors to a bright sunny south-facing window. No need to pick off all the fruit.
They mean that your soil is wet and is rich in organic material, and as such are usually a red flag for overwatering. Other than that, they're not hurting anything, and you need to do nothing.
A single treatment does nothing. It's the schedule of repeated treatments that, finally, works. It's the way that the Vice Squad can only clear out the hookers and pimps from a block a little at a time, and only temporarily. It takes a concerted effort and repeated raids to make them gone permanently. Talk to the cannabis forums about spider mite control. Spider mites in an indoor grow are their #1 problem (other than cops), and there's a substantial knowledge base out there on the internet. Put "cannabis spider mites" in your search string, and if browser history is a problem, learn how to clear your browser history.
Is this in the ground, or in containers?
1. Burpee, Park, Jung, Johnnys, Baker Creek, others. 2. https://www.seedsavers.org/
They will store poorly, and are better off in the ground than in a paper bag in the garage. Where are you located? And how deeply is the ground frozen? If it's only the top inch or two, tulips need to be planted 8" deep, so go ahead and excavate a hole, and plant them.
&gt; I do have the bottom the the pot of this fern lined with a bit of rock to prevent soaking the bottom This creates a pool of water at the interface between soil and rocks, so we no longer do this for drainage, because it's counterproductive. You can also use a dry-cleaners bag if you have one.
How cold did it get, exactly? I'd give it a month to see if it comes back with shoots from the base. A big dieffenbachia like that has resources, and if it only got down to 32F/0C, it's most likely still alive. Give it lots of bright light, no direct hot sun. Don't cut pieces off, don't clean it up, don't prune it or cut it back. The stems and leaves contain carbs it can draw down and use for the reboot. Water it normally. Don't overwater it in an excess of guilt. Don't fertilize it. Don't repot it, it doesn't need the stress and root shock. Just put it somewhere bright and warm, and leave it to sort things out for itself. Most likely, it will.
I thought you were going to say that you had pulled the stem completely away from the bulb, which would have been the disaster. As it is, just repot it normally and give it lots of bright light, no direct hot sun. It should be fine. One of the assets it has is the bulb, which contains carb reserves to use to make repairs to broken roots. And now you know--when you're going to repot any plant, you never try to drag it up out of the pot, but instead you tip the pot over and scoop the plant from the bottom, to be sure of getting the roots out as intact as possible. It's the same way that a midwife doesn't drag the baby out of its mother's vagina by its neck, but instead catches its whole body in her hands and eases it out that way.
&gt; The sun. As in? Outdoors, indoors on a windowsill? &gt; I suspect mostly from logging waste. Does it have large obvious pieces of bark in it?
Pictures would be helpful. Are they in bark or moss? Have you repotted them since you got them? Have you unpotted them and looked at the roots? What kind of fertilizing are you doing? What kind of light do they get?
MG Orchid Coarse Blend potting mix is basically just their ordinary peat-moss-based potting mix, with a certain amount of bark chunks added to it, and some extra bits of perlite. I bought a bag of it once, when Lowes was out of Better-Gro and I was desperate, and I eventually used it up by picking out the bark chunks and using the rest for African violets, that's how much peat moss it had in it.
Why February? Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate. Where are you located? What you want is known variously as container, patio, urban, and balcony gardening. http://urbanext.illinois.edu/containergardening/ http://www.organicgardening.com/learn-and-grow/container-gardening http://containergardening.about.com/ Any container that you can punch, drill, cut, melt, slice, or poke a hole in the bottom of can be a pot. Tupperware, Sterilite and Rubbermaid totes, 5 gallon buckets, mop pails, styrofoam coffee cups, Solo cups, dixie cups, 2-liters and 20 oz with the tops cut off, gallon water or milk jugs, 1 and 2-quart milk cartons, plastic Folgers containers, yogurt and cottage cheese containers, soup and other cans (watch the sharp top edge, you can fold it down with a pair of pliers), margarine and Cool Whip and all the various "spread" tubs...you are only limited by your imagination and skills with a drill, exacto knife, or red-hot steel BBQ skewer (be wary of fumes). Thrift stores and rummage sales are excellent places to look. Be cautious about loading up a balcony with plants, as soil can weigh 75 lbs per cubic foot, so a 4x2x2 planter can weigh over half a ton. Not all balconies are designed to hold that.
&gt; how the heck would I do potatoes? Look on the internet under "Grow potatoes in container", "grow potatoes in trash bag", "grow potatoes in basket", "grow potatoes in old tires", etc. Many ways to get there.
Harden him off, put him outdoors, and get ready for a series of up-pottings. He needs to be in a 5 gallon bucket eventually at minimum. https://gg.memberclicks.net/hardening-off-plant-starts He needs to be in a place where he gets at least 6 hours a day of sunlight, unobstructed by trees or buildings. If frost threatens--overnight lows in the mid-30s, he needs to come inside. He dies at 32F. https://bonnieplants.com/how-to-grow/growing-tomatoes/
Amaryllis, now on sale everywhere for Christmas.
Is that webbing? Then you have spider mites. http://ipm.ucanr.edu/PMG/PESTNOTES/pn7405.html https://homeguides.sfgate.com/white-infestation-greenleaf-plants-75750.html They are extremely contagious, and extremely difficult to get rid of. If the infested plants don't have sentimental value for you, I'd highly advise simply discarding them. &gt; my aloe vera for example seems to be doing fine. It is still at risk, and should be treated. Assume that it's infected.
They will be fine. Do not dig, trench, spade, plow, till or otherwise work with soil when it is wet. The clay component in it will compact into wads of solid clay that dry hard as bullets, and take forever to weather back down into soil again. You can completely destroy your soil's tilth for years to come by some ill-judged digging in a wet garden. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tilth The time to have evaluated and remedied your garden's drainage would have been before you planted anything. Was it a wet, low, and continually sodden spot before? If it wasn't wet, low, and continually sodden before, then it won't be now, and there's no reason to do anything. Adding sand doesn't necessarily improve drainage. You improve a yard's drainage by regrading it. If you have a low spot where water continually pools, you regrade the entire yard. If you just want to add some drainage to a particular bed, you add organic matter such as compost, or something like perlite. Adding sand, if it's the wrong kind of sand in the wrong amounts added to the wrong type of clay soil, can create an instant impermeable matrix that is very hard to fix. Basically, do nothing. What was growing there before? Did it seem pale and puny like it was suffering from continual wet feet?
You'd need to find out about the soil, because if the light, temperature, watering are all normal, nutrient deficiencies and/or too-wet or too-dense soil are the remaining reasons for growth stagnation after transplanting.
/r/cactus and /r/succulents for protips.
If you're cleaning it up, never dig up or cut down and discard something that you think is a weed without her express permission, "Yes, dig that up. Cut that down." Bear in mind that for some of us of a certain age, the reason why we haven't touched the garden in a long time is because our knees and backs and shoulders hurt too much, so we're just ignoring the whole "garden" thing for a while. So consult her before you start prepping the garden for her, "Look, I cleaned it all up for you so you can get back to gardening!" She may not want to. I have a number of areas in my backyard that are just sitting there, and to the untutored eye it looks like I don't care about them anymore. I do care, but I'm not willing or able to invest the time and physical labor to get out there and do anything about them. The phlox are taking over the bed, the creeping charlie and mock strawberry is taking over what the phlox hasn't gotten to yet. So I wouldn't appreciate having one of my kids show up and start "cleaning up" for me, because (A) I know what I'm doing, (B) it's MY hobby, to do what what I please, and (C) unintentionally or not, it's an implied criticism. "We see that you're too old and feeble to look after the garden anymore." So you need her input during this entire process. Ask first.
For more delicate and tender scallions, grow them from seed. What you have there are rather coarse, IMO.
Talk to /r/cactus
http://www.missouribotanicalgarden.org/gardens-gardening/your-garden/help-for-the-home-gardener/advice-tips-resources/pests-and-problems/insects/flies/fungus-gnats.aspx &gt;*The larvae feed for about 2 weeks and then pupate near the soil surface within thread chambers. After 3 to 7 days in the pupal stage, adults emerge and live for about 8 days. The gnats develop from egg to adult in 3 to 4 weeks. Their life cycle is dependent on temperature. The developmental time increases as temperature decreases.* So after it's been about 4 to 6 weeks since you've seen an adult, you may assume that it's over.
The best gift is a gift certificate to her favorite local nursery, garden center, or online vendor. This allows her to shop for what she really wants, the thing she secretly covets but would never buy for herself. Since you have no idea what she likes, what she hates, what she already owns, what she already knows she can't keep alive, what she thinks is stupid and pointless and wouldn't have in the yard if you paid her, this avoids you giving her something that makes her say, sincerely, "Oh. You *shouldn't* have."
It's not you. For starters, seeds die at temps over about 105F, so if the crate full of kits was ever stored on a hot loading dock, or in a hot truck or warehouse, all the seeds are dead. What are you wanting to grow?
That would appear to be how they roll. There are probably obscure technical biological reasons why the tubers at one end are long and skinny, and others are short and round, but it's beyond the scope of this subreddit to answer. https://imgur.com/a/ozzXxiK
&gt;I was thinking cut the whole thing right back 50% This is not how you prune plum trees. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/edible/fruits/plum/plum-tree-pruning.htm https://extension.umaine.edu/fruit/growing-fruit-trees-in-maine/pruning/
Are the leaves "falling off at the bottom": [ ] coming away abruptly at a single touch, and the leaf is still green and whole? [ ] turning yellow and then brown and crispy, and then falling off?
I always prefer that people post a thread rather than a PM. I am far from the be-all and end-all of gardening advice, particularly when it comes to gardening in the Lone Star State, and if you start a thread, more people can chime in with expertise. Don't worry about using up too many pixels, the worldwide shortage of pixels has been rectified, and you may use as many as you want.
[Growing tea Ireland.](https://www.google.com/search?safe=active&amp;ei=qrcbXLjJMsXXjwSWzqcQ&amp;q=growing+tea+ireland&amp;oq=growing+tea+ireland&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i22i30l2.20749.22724..22925...3.0..0.73.638.10......0....1..gws-wiz.......0j0i71j33i160j0i8i13i30.m18l68HpMIA)
You buy a space heater, either an ordinary space heater like for your home, or a greenhouse heater. None of your ideas will work to keep the temperature reliably above freezing in a zone 7 winter. You need an external heat source if you require a greenhouse for frost-tender tropicals in a cold-winter climate. LED lights won't keep it warm at all. Compared to incandescents, and even fluorescents, LEDs put out very little heat. A tarp can't trap heat that isn't there in the first place. Greenhouses work because they trap the heat that the sun has used to warm the inside of the greenhouse, and that then radiates back up into the sky after sunset. If the greenhouse isn't heated enough by the sun during the day because it's December in zone 7, there isn't any heat to trap once the sun goes down. The standard way to keep a greenhouse warm is via an external heat source--propane, kerosene, electric heater. If a warming pad is too pricey for you, then you're not going to appreciate the cost of running a space heater to basically heat the entire Great Outdoors. A warming pad will keep the soil warm, but it only raises the soil temp about 10 degrees Fahrenheit above the ambient air temperature, and it won't prevent frost from forming on the leaves and stems, and them freezing, which for tropicals usually kills the plant. What are you wanting to grow in the greenhouse?
Where are you located? How many square feet are we talking about? Acres? An entire forest?
I just spent more time than I cared to, ransacking google for some connection between fava beans and cancer, and turned up nothing. Got a link to who is arguing about this?
Most water and soda bottles are made out of PET, which has only "fair" resistance to UV light. Plastics for a greenhouse are either made out of UV-stabilized plastic, or else the greenhouse owner is resigned to the fact that the plastic is going to degrade in a few years, and will need to be replaced. This is how you manage a greenhouse with plastic sheeting. So your design will fall somewhere in the middle--not cheap and easy to replace in a year or two, but not long-lasting enough to merit the effort of construction. Second, a string of plastic bottles on poles, with gaps between the bottles, will provide no insulation value at all, as the warmed air will simply escape through the gaps, and cold air will come in through them. A greenhouse, to be effective, needs to be a box, a container, that holds the warmed air inside it and holds the cold air outside. Even something as simple as a leaky door with a crack that allows cold air into the greenhouse and lets the warm air out can ruin a greenhouse's utility. Your bottle design has openings everywhere. So your plastic-bottle idea is non-viable from a simple physics standpoint.
&gt;I have a little pop up green house in my basement You can't have a greenhouse in a basement. A greenhouse depends for its effect on having the sun shining directly onto it. A greenhouse in a basement will be the ambient temperature of the basement. If the basement is 65F, then the greenhouse will also be 65F. If you want the greenhouse in the basement to be warmer, then either you need to heat the basement more, or add an ordinary household space heater in the greenhouse.
With sunflowers, when the time is right, you cut off the entire seed head and hang it up somewhere. With potatoes, you dig the potatoes any time. You don't have to wait until the tops die back. So neither of these "require to dry out before harvesting" in the sense of "stop watering them".
&gt;Check both usernames very carefully Okay. Same username started both threads. https://www.reddit.com/r/gardening/comments/a8h17x/would_mixing_sulfur_and_water_together_be/ecamugs/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gardening/comments/a8h4nd/how_to_apply_sulfur_to_soil/ Here they are side by side. https://imgur.com/a/099iix6 I see from your post history that you have a container ghost pepper with mysterious black dots whose pH you are apparently attempting to change. You can stop posting questions to /nostupidquestions and /houseplants as they can't help you. The correct subreddits to help you would be either this one here, or /r/hotpeppers. Give us more information about how you're caring for the plant. What kind of soil is it in? What kind of watering, fertilizing, and light? A picture of the entire plant would be helpful. Closeups of leaves alone aren't that helpful. No, you can't use human vitamins on plants. Plants don't use human vitamins. Adding sulfur to your pepper's soil isn't going to fix the black dots. They are most likely a cultural issue, such as water, light, nutrients. Also, plants do tend to get random dings, scars, spots, blots, and other deformities, which doesn't necessarily mean that you need to jump through hoops ordering sulfur from Amazon.
Heat up the entire basement. The air inside the humidity tent will be the same temperature as the air outside the humidity tent, i.e. the temperature of the basement. Either get a space heater, or turn up the furnace so the basement is warmer, or open some furnace vents. How cold is your basement? Do you have a minimum-maximum thermometer in place so you know what the temperature actually is? Or are you just assuming that it must be colder since the sun hasn't been shining lately? Since the sun isn't shining on your greenhouse and warming it up discernibly even when it's sunny, it doesn't matter what the weather is like outside. If your basement is too chilly for the plants you're growing to be happy, then you need to warm up the entire basement, not put them inside a greenhouse that cannot function as a greenhouse because the sun doesn't shine on it directly.
&gt; You didn't say how old she is, but find a movie or song she likes, and let her watch it a million times and sing along with her. You do realize you just told this parent to buy Frozen and Moana and watch them a million times and learn all the songs and have them as permanently installed earworms? On your head be it. Also, if listening to a song or movie a million times makes kids into language geniuses, then my grandkids are off the charts. Apparently there's a new federal law that you MUST watch this every time you come over to Grandma's house, since Daddy won't let them run it anymore at home. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoAFH5dCQ_Q Just shoot me.
How many hours a day does the sun shine directly on the bed, unobstructed by trees or buildings? &gt;a 15' x 10' bed The average human can reach 2 feet into a bed from a kneeling position at the side. This means that beds tend to be 4 feet wide, which allows you to reach the center of the bed from either side without stepping on the soil, which compacts the soil and is bad for it. If you're going to do a classic wide or island perennial border, you need to throw down stepping stones at judicious intervals, to give you a place to stand while you work with the plants in the center. &gt;(woody, herbaceaous, perennial Herbaceous and perennial are pretty much the same thing. Landscapers sometimes use the term "herbaceous border", but that just means it's not woody shrubs with branches and twigs that persist all winter, it's things that die back to the ground in the fall. "Perennial" in colloquial use means the same thing. So the categories are annual, perennial, bulbs, woody.
It looks fine to me. Come see us in /r/orchids
It depends on the window. Is it a drafty, old-fashioned wood-frame window with no storms, where the glazing is old and cracked, and the panes rattle in the wind, and frost forms on the inside of the panes? Or is it a modern double-layer window with insulation, or even an older window that has storms or film? Cold drafts are the enemy. Darkness is also the enemy. Which direction does the window face, and is it shaded by trees or buildings?
Hold a lighted candle around the frame, and see if the flame flickers. Also, if your furnace is unable to keep your living room at a cozy 72F, you have a leaky house.
And how chilly is the window? Do you have a furnace? How cold is the living room? Is the window drafty?
There's no need to pick them due to heat.
&gt;Wiped everything down with damp paint brush after. I don't understand what this means. Why spray if you're just going to wipe it off afterwards? African violets and their fuzzy leaves are fairly intolerant in the first place of having certain liquids stand on the leaves. It's sometimes the 99% of other ingredients, such as the surfactants, spreader-stickers, and emulsifiers that cause the damage. I see that their label specifically mentions this. https://www.bonide.com/assets/Products/Labels/l024.pdf &gt;*Use with care on plants with tender tissue. Check for leaf burn in small scale trials prior to use.* Your "white fuzzy fungus" is probably powdery mildew. It's endemic to African violets in cool, humid conditions. Your best bet to eliminate it is to take the violet out of the terrarium, especially given that you live in a humid climate. I'm not seeing the reason for a terrarium.
&gt;The main reason would be to make space in the container. Understand that the container is solely for the convenience of the featherless biped who wishes to grow an epiphytic orchid in his living room. The orchid itself doesn't need "space in the container", it doesn't need the container at all. In the wild, it grows naked on a tree branch, all its roots waving around in the air. They have no need to be fitted into a container. So when you're potting Phals, you always put only the roots that happen to fit conveniently into the container into it, and you leave the rest of them to wave around freely in the air. If a root won't go, then it won't go. &gt;Would there have been a better option? Drop the entire coil of roots into an ordinary pot, and tuck some pieces of bark around it as best you can. Remember that the purpose of the bark chunks is solely to evaporate water into the air pockets surrounding the roots, keeping the air directly adjacent to the roots at a healthy 99% humidity. The roots don't need to be touching the bark chunks, unlike with, say, pothos or African violets whose roots need to be in contact with the media.' So when repotting large awkward masses of roots, you can't expect to be able to pour the media into the pot like you would with a pothos. You have to poke the pieces into the roots here and there. I always think of it as packing a suitcase for a trip, or arranging things in the chest freezer so you can get at the chicken nuggets for the kids without having to move the 50 lbs of frozen apples that Grandpa brought home from Michigan.
Biggest newbie mistake: trying to grow too many things. But that's okay, it's all data, it all goes into your personal knowledge database. We learn from our mistakes, seriously. Second biggest newbie mistake: thinking you're going to get it right the first time. Nobody does. So relax and enjoy the journey. Third biggest newbie mistake: trying to grow cool-season crops into the summer. Some things need the cool moist weather of late winter and early spring, and they burn out in June. So newbies in hot-summer areas commonly go out on a beautiful May morning and plant cool season things like lettuce, radishes, and spinach, only to have it all go horribly wrong by mid-July. If you're in the U.S., touch base with your local extension office for planting schedules. Your Tax Dollars At Work. The online tools are not always accurate for your climate, being overly general. Also, many of the infographics out there for some reason are heavily UK-oriented, and they have different schedules from those parts of the U.S. with continental climates. Zones only tell how cold your winters get, they tell nothing about climate. Put your location in your flair. Good overview books are the Dummies and Idiots guides (no offense, that's just what they're called), and the Square Foot Gardening book.
&gt; I was considering mounting with moss, but that's impractical for me right now. Mount it on a bark slab. It means you need to commit to misting all the roots daily without fail, but if that fits your lifestyle--put it next to the kitchen sink where you'll see it every breakfast time--then it's a good solution. Or look into water culture. I have not tried it myself, but others in the subreddit are doing it with success.
You would need to find a specific heat-tolerant cultivar to grow. https://homeguides.sfgate.com/heattolerant-peach-tree-41462.html
What are you growing, and where are you located? Is the shed insulated?
I'm personally not a fan of the crosspost feature, because I never know where to post my response--in the original subreddit, or in the crossposted subreddit.
What is their status now? Are they small 2" plants from a garden center, large plants in a gallon nursery pot? In a pot, bare root? Dormant, in active growth? Where are you located?
Bring the pepper inside overnight. The onions and peas will be fine. No need to buy anything from Amazon.
How many hours a day does the sun shine directly on the balcony, unobstructed by trees or buildings or eaves? You need at least 6 hours a day. If it's a shady or covered balcony, you can't grow herbs or veg. Does the greenhouse fit on the balcony? Where are you located? Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate. In most climates, greenhouses have a very limited use, in the spring and fall. You don't grow things in it all summer because it gets too hot. When you plant seeds depends on what you want to grow. &gt;Everything I've ever (plant wise) owned has died. Read some books between now and March, to get an overview of what you're doing. Both the Idiots and Dummies guides are good (no offense, that's just what they're called) and the Square Foot Gardening book. &gt;I'm going to buy a 5pc vertical basket hanger Don't buy this just yet. Wait until you have a better idea of what's going on. &gt;to transfer them to balcony Because starting seeds indoors and then moving them out doesn't require a 5 pc vertical basket hanger.
When you're responding to someone's specific comment, use the Reply button that is directly underneath that comment. This way, the person gets a PM in their box so they know that you responded and you're still in the conversation, and everyone else knows who you're talking to. A large tree shading your balcony is a dealbreaker for veg and herbs, although nearly any foliage houseplant you can name will be very happy there for the summer. If the tree is a full-grown tree, all bets are off, but if it's a skinny 2-year sprout, like a just-planted maple tree, or a small redbud or dogwood, it's possibly do-able. So more information is required before you're going to be ready to start seeds. Similarly, you're not going to be able to start seeds indoors without artificial light such as a T5 or T8 fluorescent fixture. Even an unobstructed west window is less than optimal for indoor seed-starting, as it's just not that bright. The gold standard for indoor seed-starting is artificial light, and an acceptable second-best is a big, bright sunny south-facing window that is completely unobstructed, AND where you can get the plants right up next to the glass. The greenhouse doesn't work inside, and isn't needed. Its purpose is to be a transparent box to trap the sun's heat and warm up the insides, and if it's indoors that function is (A) impossible due to the sun not shining down from your ceiling and (B) redundant as the HVAC keeps things warm. One thing you *can* use a greenhouse for indoors is as a humidity tent for orchids that don't appreciate your 20% indoor humidity in January. It will need lights such as T5s. Buy a "Just Add Ice" Phalaenopsis at Walmart (yes, those) and come see us in /r/orchids. We all have at least one. I have about a dozen. They're as close to bulletproof as an orchid gets. You use your greenhouse out on the balcony to grow lettuce and other cool weather crops in February and March, before the tree is leafed out, and in the fall after the leaves fall, to grow cool weather crops into the winter, or until it gets so cold that the sun alone can't keep it above about 28F to 32F. This list includes carrots, beets, turnips, parsnips, kale, chard, lettuces, greens, spinach, peas, radish, broccoli, cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and cabbage. Your best bet for a small hobby greenhouse on a small balcony would be the small and quick-maturing things like lettuces, greens, baby carrots and beets, radishes, spring onions. Once the weather heats up in June, you're done with these. Then you start over at the end of August, for fall/winter veg. &gt;What brand seeds are best? There are a number of reputable seed vendors online, but for very small-scale first-time balcony vegetable gardening, your best bet is to just go with the Burpee racks at Walmart, Home Depot, and the garden center. The racks go up in April. They stock the Top 40 easiest and most popular seeds, so that's where you want to go for Year One. If you want to grow lettuce in March before Walmart has the racks up, you can order online from Burpee, Jung, Johnnys, Park, Baker, and others. Pretty much everyone that comes up on Page 1 of a Google search for "lettuce seeds" that isn't an Amazon third-party vendor, eBay, or Etsy, will be reputable. What you want is known variously as container, patio, urban, and balcony gardening. http://urbanext.illinois.edu/containergardening/ http://www.organicgardening.com/learn-and-grow/container-gardening http://containergardening.about.com/ Be cautious about loading up a balcony with plants, as soil can weigh 75 lbs per cubic foot, so a 4x2x2 planter can weigh over half a ton. Not all balconies are designed to hold that.
&gt;mosquito repelling properties This is folklore and doesn't work. You need to rub the essential oils on your skin in order to see any effect. The plant will not repel mosquitoes from your patio or yard simply by virtue of being present on the premises. You need this. https://www.southernliving.com/garden/grumpy-gardener/a-real-lavender-for-the-south-sweet You'll need to check with garden centers to find a plant.
&gt; a wandering Jew (still hate saying that name) It's historic, but if you prefer, you can call it Tradescantia. &gt; my SO made some stilts to prop it up because he was worried. Well. If you put on a disguise and go to your friend's house, your friend is possibly not going to recognize you.
Any of the mainstream vendors. Burpee, Gurneys, Park, Jung, Johnnys. Look under "roots" and "plants" as well as "crowns"
Link to product? What seeds are you growing? &gt; I plugged them in and they blink. Theres a steady, low red light, and then they blink bright red about every second. They're broken. I'm going to guess that you paid about $30 to an Amazon third-party vendor.
I'm not understanding what he's referring to as "nursery pots", then. What you grow is dictated by how much light you have, and, if it's outdoors, what your location and thus climate is.
Your starting point is to ID everything that's growing there, including weeds. Take good clear pictures of everything, make up an Imgur album (not too huge, it makes them irritable over there) and post it to /r/whatsthisplant. Give the yard a calendar year to show you what it has. Many things are dormant for part of the year, such as tulips and daffodils. Some shrubs are boring green for 51 weeks of the year, and the 52nd week people go out of their way to drive past your house to look at it in bloom. There can be treasures there that you'll wish later you hadn't dug up, when you're looking at a $40 containerized shrub at the garden center, and you realize, "Well, crap, we had one of those when we moved in, and we ripped it out." Look at your neighbors' landscaping. Look at botanic, museum, zoo, corporate, college, municipal, city park, and mall landscaping. When you see something that makes you go, "Want", take its picture and get an ID. Read books and articles on gardening and landscaping. Your local public library has shelves full of books. Live with the yard for a while and think about how you want to use it. Build all your infrastructure before you get started on the landscaping. Build all your patios, decks, sidewalks, pathways, storage sheds, garages, swimming pools, swingsets, sandboxes, trampolines, koi ponds, dog runs, outdoor kitchens, BBQ pits, firepits, conversation pits, pergolas, gazebos, and screen porches first. This is for two reasons: One, it prevents you from having to rip out the new rose garden when you belatedly realize you need a path to the trash cans right there.Two, it prevents workmen in big boots from trundling wheelbarrows through the new rose garden. General reading: Good overview books are both the Dummies and Idiots guide. No offense, that's just what they're called. The Square Foot Gardening book, either edition. Any of the Sunset books on gardening topics. These are the softbound books you find on the magazine rack at Lowes with the DIY how-to books on plumbing and hanging drywall. Your local public library has shelves full of books on gardening. Read everything, because that's how you acquire a good overview of the discipline, and as you get better at it, you can begin to choose for yourself what works for you. Good mainstream websites are: https://www.rhs.org.uk/ https://garden.org/ Any of the Mother Earth News articles online. Any of the extension office articles online. You don't have to be living in their state, or even in the U.S., to read them. If you can source a copy of [this,](https://www.thriftbooks.com/w/gardening-the-complete-guide-to-growing-americas-favorite-fruits--vegetables_national-gardening-association/876014/?mkwid=sURE13OvE%7cdc&amp;pcrid=70112893392&amp;pkw=&amp;pmt=&amp;plc=&amp;pgrid=21326766312&amp;ptaid=pla-292433097256&amp;gclid=EAIaIQobChMIvrL8z4bS3QIVlIdpCh2rdAB8EAQYASABEgKiZ_D_BwE#isbn=0201108550&amp;idiq=837920) it is awesome. [As is this.](https://www.amazon.com/Better-Homes-Gardens-Complete-Gardening/dp/0696025566)
Come see us in /r/orchids
Just give it normal care, and leave it alone. It needs a time of quiet contemplation to regroup. Don't prune it or cut bits off, as the stems and leaves contain valuable carbohydrate reserves that the plant can scavenge to use for new growth. Once they get a new shoot out there to photosynthesize, the reboot begins, a word derived from the phrase "to pull oneself up by one's bootstraps". Photosynthesis from that one shoot makes carbs to fund further shoots, which then begin photosynthesizing carbs to make more shoots...and so forth. The plant itself will jettison leaves that are no longer useful by turning them brown and crispy. Don't repot it, it doesn't need the stress. Don't fertilize it unless you've literally never fed it and it's been in the same soil for a year or more. Don't overwater it by giving it lots of little daily pampering drinkies. Don't pour magic potion "tonics" on it. They do nothing but contribute to overwatering. Just leave it alone, as much bright indirect light as you can (no direct hot sun), and let it sort things out.
Where are you located? Lettuce is a cool season crop, and in very hot temperatures may not even germinate at all.
Lettuce grows best in weather with daily highs between 50-70F/10C-21C, no hotter than that. If your weather is going to hold steady in that range for the next couple of months, you can go ahead and plant lettuce. Are you just now starting your peppers from seed? You are very late. If you want peppers in 2019, you'll do better to buy plants from a garden center. It takes 8 to 10 weeks to get them from seed just to transplant size, and then it's a further couple of months before you start seeing flowers and fruit. On the upside, there are ways to overwinter them indoors, so that you start 2020 with plants, not seeds. See /r/hotpeppers for the autumn protocols.
How long have you owned it? What kind of light does it have? What kind of watering and fertilizing are you doing? What does "great drainage" entail?
god no, mine are still out there in the yard in their cups hardening off. https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/rain-farmers-illinois-indiana-behind-in-planting-510618271.html
&gt;until I can secure the area of deer. This will require either an 8 foot tall fence or two parallel 4 foot fences with an alley between them. Deer eat flowers, too. &gt;I’d like to grow flowers that won’t destroy the soil There are no flowers you can grow that will "destroy the soil". The heavy-feeding agricultural crops such as cotton row crops only destroy the soil if they're unwisely planted year after year without the farmer ever replenishing the soil with anything such as manure. An ordinary row of zinnias or marigolds isn't going to come anywhere near sucking all the nutrients out of your dirt, leaving only gullied clay.
In the Midwest, I would say no, because weather and moisture will rot down weedstop cloth in 5 to 15 years, and then you have to pull it all out and do it all over again, one messy flapping black bit at a time. But I'm not sure about your climate. So I'd call the Master Gardeners at the extension office and ask them what they'd advise. https://ucanr.edu/About/Locations/ You can also check with /r/succulents.
Get a little garden shed at Lowes, run an extension cord out there, and hang some T8 fluorescent shoplights from utility shelving. If you get temps of &lt;25F for overnight, get a small space heater.
It's up to you.
Ok, so Rose A isn't a grafted rose, then. The first thing you think of when a rose is "replaced" is that you're looking at flowers coming from below the graft, flowers actually belonging to the rootstock. This happens when the top part dies, often from winterkill during a severe winter.
That it's going to be a mistake to use guidelines in books to estimate how many plants you can cram into a finite area as though they were mathematical constants. "Cool, this one says it's only 2 feet wide at maturity, and this one is only 1 foot wide, so I can get two of the first and two of the second into 6 feet." It doesn't work like that, it's not like buying cheese to make nachos for 10 people, it's more like packing the car for a vacation. Where is the cooler going to ride? Do you need to access it en route? Can the swim fins go on the bottom in the wayback? But then it's too uneven for the flat bottom of the cooler. Is the cooler going to have melting ice in it that will spill? Like that. 25 square feet, or a 5x5 plot, isn't much. What are you wanting to grow? Just curious: how much do they charge you for a postage stamp like that?
Cover anything you want to keep with bedsheets. Leave them on there for a couple hours, until the spray has dried on the lawn.
Are you using a sprinkler, a water wand, a bucket, a hose? Are you simply standing there holding a hose on it? What are the dimensions of the beds?
One plant per pot. Time for triage. Choose a Keeper, and cut off the two Losers right at soil level with scissors. It's going to get bigger. It's only June. No way can you do three.
What parts of your lawn are you spraying? Note that glyphosate kills everything it touches. If you're doing spot treatment for weeds like dandelions, you'll end up with a series of dead brown circles in the lawn, as overspray kills the grass surrounding the dandelion. So what are you doing?
Digging it up will bring decades' worth of buried weed seeds to the surface to germinate, some of which may not have been seen above-ground since before your subdivision was a farm. &gt;im redoing my lawn. looking to make it a flower garden. its pretty rough. full of weeds. so much that i think it makes semse to just dig it all up and replant. is this advisable to replant grass? ...also what would people reccomend in terms of grass seed So, are you making a flower garden, or a lawn?
It may still produce side shoots. https://pender.ces.ncsu.edu/2013/12/tips-for-harvesting-broccoli/
K, I'd try any of the following. They are good easy beginner plants. * Pothos. * Philodendron. * Dieffenbachia. * Chinese evergreen (aglaonema) * Nephthytis. * Any of the Dracaenas. * Spider plant (chlorophytum) * Snake plant (sansieveiera) * Peace lily (spathiphyllum) You do not have enough light for cacti and succulents.
They are etiolated and weak from insufficient light, so issues of mold aside, I'd start over.
Is this indoors, or outdoors? If outdoors, in the ground or in a container? How large is the plant? Pictures would be helpful. What kind of soap was it. How did you apply the neem?
What is your method of watering? How are you deciding when to water it? What kind of soil is it in? How long has it been in this same soil? Is there a hole in the bottom of the pot? What kind of fertilizing have you been doing? How long have you owned it? How far away from the nearest window is it? Is the window shaded by trees or buildings?
How is she deciding that it needs watering? Is it in the ground, or in a container? Nightshades--eggplant, peppers, tomatoes--will experience poor pollination and fruit set, and blossom drop, in extremely hot weather. You can try giving it some shade during the hottest part of the afternoon, from around 1 pm to 5 or 6 pm.
Upload them to Imgur, copy and paste the URL in a Reply to my comment. You don't need an Imgur account to do this.
What's your time frame for the project? What's your light source? Are you going to grow the beans past the "beans sprouts" stage, i.e. as mature plants? You can use dried beans in a bag from the grocery store, they're a lot cheaper than sourcing soybeans from somewhere.
&gt;Difficulty: Northwest Tucson heat and sun. Natives, natives, natives. Can't emphasize it enough. When working with difficult climates, your best bet is always going to be natives, not attempting to impose European, Asian, or North American Eastern Woodland species in a climate to which they adapt with great difficulty, meaning multiple trips to Lowes for replacement plants in an effort to find something that won't die in that spot. There are lists online, there are books on landscaping with natives down at the library, there are local nurseries and garden centers, and there's the extension office Master Gardeners, who will have printouts, pamphlets, and a ton of hard-earned local gardening expertise, Your Tax Dollars At Work. https://extension.arizona.edu/locations
No, it's only 1.5 mil cheap painters dropcloth weight. A simple pebble or twig as soon as you spread it out will pop a hole in it that the germinating weeds will grow through. You need the 4ml at minimum, or the 6ml. Check at Home Depot.
&gt;I don’t have the heart to kill them You have to be willing to kill them. You don't need to watch them die, or even to view their corpses, but you do need to have the will to bring death to them. There are no "nuclear options" for snails and slugs, and indeed for much of anything on Planet Earth, that doesn't involve death. That's pretty much what the phrase "nuclear option" means: blanketing, all-encompassing death. If you have the will for it, the will to bring the rain to your snail and slug problems, you buy some commercial slug bait such as Sluggo and spread it around liberally, renewing it as current crops of slug children come to maturity and begin to depredate your crops. They're just crawling out of the garbage can, yes. Putting Hiroshima and Nagasaki into a garbage can wasn't the "nuclear option". When Ripley says, "I say we take off and nuke the planet from orbit", she doesn't mean "Put the planet into a garbage can". She means, Be the Bringer of Death, Destroyer of Worlds.
Buy some insecticidal soap such as Safers and use it according to the label. Take the slip out of the jar of water, spray it down, and put it back.
Don't touch the vines. Instead, prop the larger trellis up behind it. The tendrils will figure it out.
That's not good. Give them another few weeks and if they're still not up, they're dead. They could have been stored incorrectly at any point in the supply line from the grower to Costco, and they may have already been irrevocably damaged when you bought them. A month of storage in an ordinary basement most likely wouldn't have caused it. Mold on corms and bulbs is often a signal that the scavengers of the dead have moved in, which implies that there's something dead or dying there for them to scavenge.
It's dangerous the same way that getting anything powdered into your lungs or onto your skin, or anything liquid into your eyes is. It's an eye irritant and a skin irritant, not plutonium or dioxin. Relax. https://www.bonide.com/assets/Products/Labels/l925.pdf
You can't put raised beds on top of concrete. That's the bottom line. A raised bed by definition is a bottomless frame that rests directly on the native "dirt", enabling the plants to send down their roots into that dirt, utilizing the nutrients and moisture down. What goes on top of concrete are containers--planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, oversize flowerpots. Are you renting, or do you own the place? Because what you're describing is a zero-maintenance rental property yard, and what you do with that is use containers to grow all your stuff.
You need a species ID before anything can be done. Try in /r/whatsthisplant
That's a precious goodie. It's got a lot of roots, but I'd air-layer it in a nice big bundle, just to be sure. Once you have a huge wad of roots, then you can pot it up. No idea what the cultivar is, sorry. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/houseplants/swiss-cheese-plant/monstera-deliciosa-propagation.htm The moss in question is not peat moss, but is the long-fibered stuff used by orchid growers. Lowes usually has it, or you can bite the bullet and venture into Hobby Lobby's floral department. They usually have small bags of it way up on the top shelf. You want the natural colored, non-painted stuff. Boost your chances by dropping a small pinch of rooting hormone powder into a bowl of lukewarm water, stir it around (it won't dissolve all the way, that's okay), drop your bundle of moss into it, soak it, wring it out most of the way, then wrap it and cover it.
There are guidelines out there, building on centuries of experience. Certain things go in certain size pots.
If they're large, visible garden spiders and not spider mites, yes, you should leave them because they're on your side.
&gt;it does it within hours. &gt; and within hours my problems went away. Glyphosate actually takes 14 days to work. Perhaps your problem went away inside your mind within hours--"There, that's off my plate"--but it takes a couple of weeks for the plant to absorb the stuff from the leaves, and then to translocate it to the roots, where it spends the rest of the time slowly but surely fucking up the plant's biochemistry (as an enzyme disruptor), until it gets to the point where the plant can no longer sustain normal life processes, and it abruptly dies. So it's very typical for the plant to look a little wilty on the first or second day, but then days go by when nothing really happens,and you think, "Fuck, didn't work", but then on Day 14 everything is all brown and crispy.
Generally perennials like herbs get put into their own designated space, a separate bed, in order to deal with just this problem. Plants that you're going to want to self-sow similarly get put into a separate bed or space. You don't turn over the soil in a perennial bed, whether it's flowers, herbs, or things like rhubarb, asparagus and blackberries. Once they're planted, they're there to stay, and you don't disturb them by digging them up once a year just to amend the soil. You top-dress--add things on top.
You aren't really in the right place for advice on this. Since it's a habitat for goldfish, it's specifically a fishkeeping question, not a gardening question. The most important factor is its cleanliness and suitability for the goldfish. There are numerous resources online, such as forums, blogs, articles, etc., there are books at the local public library, and if you're in the U.S., there is your local extension office. Look under both goldfish and koi ponds, as they share the same parameters. The koi hobby is IMO the more devoted than the goldfish keepers who occasionally put a tub out in the backyard, and thus has more detailed resources. If you look it up under "ponds", you'll find Google &amp; Co. sending you to farm pond and stock tank articles, which isn't the same thing. By the same token, advice to spread barley straw to clear up algae is for farm ponds and stock tanks. Small backyard goldfish ponds need a top to bottom renovation, including a look at the filtration and plumbing, and a revamping of basic maintenance procedures.
That looks exactly like a 100% normal pea trellis to me. That's what pea (and bean, and cuke, and tomato) trellising looks like. Form follows function. Whether the unit satisfies some arbitrarily conceived definition of "beauty" as held by the world of Art is beside the point. It enables the pea vines to go up in the air so it's easier for you to pick peas. .That's all that matters.
Also, once you get it all arranged and planted to tomatoes or whatever, mulch it, and keep it mulched. The bottom layer of mulch feeds earthworms, pillbugs, fungi, bacteria, and the rest of the soil biota, breaking down continually over time and enriching the soil.
&gt;I try not to water it more than twice or thrice a week, &gt; I water my basil plant every day/other day. Never water on a human, calendar schedule, but only when the plant needs it, as determined by your sticking a finger in the soil and feeling it. Pictures would be helpful.
When you're growing it mounted, you mist it everyday. In water culture, of course it has continual access to water. My quibble is with the statement that Phals are generally happier with medium. Medium is only there for the convenience of the human who wishes to grow an epiphytic orchid indoors without needing to mist its bare roots every day. In the wild, the Phal needs no medium. Thus, it is not correct to say that Phals are happier with medium. You can grow them successfully with no medium at all.
A 50F-60F cellar isn't cold enough. This is why you can't grow hostas in south Florida--it doesn't get cold enough in the winter. https://garden.org/learn/articles/view/2011/ &gt;*They do well from USDA Hardiness Zone 3 (-40°F minimum) southward as far as zone 9 (20°F minimum). Hostas need a period of cold weather, at the onset of which they turn a pleasing yellow and then go dormant. Insufficient winter chill and dry air, such as in western deserts, are the chief limiting factors.* So while you could conceivably put them in the freezer once they were dormant, they'd still require a period of decreasing temperatures, both soil and air, and declining daylight in order to trigger dormancy. And then, of course, the display would be empty for six months out of the year.
A. I'm not understanding how you expected to grow cucumbers and zucchini in some kind of vertical gutter garden. There isn't any way you can accommodate either of their needs in that setup. It's like you brought home a velociraptor chick and have put it into a dog crate. It will not end well. B. Logistics aside, gutter gardens aren't vertical, they're horizontal. In them, you grow small, shallow-rooted things like lettuce, radishes, small herbs, perhaps strawberries. [GIS. "gutter garden"](https://www.google.com/search?q=gutter+garden&amp;safe=active&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwik66LUguLiAhVQKqwKHaitB9sQ_AUIECgB&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=625) Horizontal, every one of them. A vertical arrangement means that as water filters through the upper levels of soil and leaches out fertilizer and mineral salts, it deposits the salts from the upper levels into the lower levels. By the time the water gets to the bottom of the column, the salt load can be intense for the plants at the bottom. So I guess what I'd like to know is, what were you thinking? What problems can you expect? For the plants to outgrow their places in a few weeks, and become the equivalent of a velociraptor perched on top of a stick.
The statement wasn't, "You personally might have an easier time growing it if you put it into medium." The statement as posted was: &gt; Phalaenopsis generally don't like to be indoors without any medium. This is neither factual nor correct. My agenda here is that you will stop telling people in future the sweeping statement, " Phalaenopsis generally don't like to be indoors without any medium". That is all.
Where are you located, and what kind of soil is it? Is it just that it's so packed down that the water can't penetrate? Is it mulched?
Carrots, beets, turnips, parsnips, kale, chard, lettuces, greens, spinach, peas, radish. Broccoli, cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and cabbage need to be started indoors as seed in July in order to have transplants to set out at the end of August. Touch base with the Master Gardeners down at the extension office, they'll have planting guides, schedules, locally specific protips, and tons of other information, Your Tax Dollars At Work. https://extension.oregonstate.edu/find-us Don't forget fall bulbs--tulips, daffodils, hyacinth, crocus, etc. etc. Both Asiatic and Oriental lilies are also usually shipped and planted in the fall. Peonies. No annuals, except for pansies and johnny-jump-ups to overwinter for bloom in April. Maybe snapdragons. Shrubs, trees.
&gt;save on groceries, Realistically, you don't start saving on groceries until you're working with a really big garden, like the kind of half-acre truck garden that Grandma always had down on the farm, that she used for all her canning and preserving, the one that Grandpa would run the plow over on his way out to the back 40 in April. There are guidelines out there on the web for the size of garden you need in order to seriously feed a family of four, mainly from the survivalists, off the grid homesteaders, and disaster preppers. But agendas aside, their information is solid. You generally also need small livestock such as chickens, and possibly dairy goats or a cow. But a small backyard patch with a few tomato plants and some beans isn't going to make a dent in your grocery bills, sorry. You also need to be fully committed to food preservation--canning, freezing, drying, a root cellar, the whole nine yards. A couple batches of refrigerator pickles or salsa aren't "feeding the family". With this size of serious garden, you're not going to do raised beds, with their requirement for potting soil to be brought in. The cost would be exorbitant. You grow things directly in the dirt, which usually means row crops. If you're going to grow enough pole beans to can or freeze for 9 months' worth of meals, the row of trellising is going to be 50 feet long. That's not something you're going to fit into a series of suburban raised beds. All of your other questions in this thread on "how do I do this", are answered in the voluminous information out there, and are beyond the scope of reddit comments. There are books at the library, there are articles online. Even though you're not in the U.S., you can still read all the extension office articles online. &gt;I live in Canada, in a small rural, remote area Network with your neighbors who have gardens. They are your best source for local information as to what works. "I'm going to feed my family from my backyard" isn't something you're going to get set up right away. You need more information and research before you start planting. Over on the sidebar, there are related subreddits for what you want. Start there.
You have a limited time frame to grow them and get your harvest in before irrevocably freezing weather shuts things down. They're frost-tolerant, but a hard freeze, being defined as &lt;25F for longer than 4 hours, i.e. overnight, will damage and kill them. So it takes cole crops about 8 to 10 weeks to grow from a seed to transplant size, and then it's a further period of weeks before you actually have something to harvest. So if you direct-seed them outdoors the last week of August, that means it won't be until the middle of November before they're even transplant size, and as the clock counts down towards winter, and as your soil and air continue to cool, and the sunlight begins to decline, they grow slower and slower, until finally they freeze and die. Whereas if you set them out as transplants at the end of August, you have plenty of time to get your harvest before winter. Cole crops are also set out as transplants in early spring, things such as cabbage, to grow over the summer. It's how it works.
That's where a puffball's worth of seeds fell? That's the spot that the TruGreen guy missed with the spray the last time? That's where the grass is thin, and allowed the seeds that fell to germinate? Evil neighbors? Aliens? Can't tell anything from the picture at all.
There will be serious competition for nutrients, and the larger, establsihed trees, with their larger, established wide-reaching system of feeder roots, will win, stunting the birch. "Moderately shade tolerant" in the context of a yellow birch means that you can plant it in a place where the sun only shines on it 6 hours a day, not all day. It doesn't mean that it's an understory plant that you can put underneath a tree canopy. Yellow birch is itself a canopy tree, with a mature height of 70 feet. Small understory trees that would do okay under your honey locusts would be things like dogwood and redbud. https://www.mortonarb.org/trees-plants/tree-plant-descriptions/yellow-birch https://www.arborday.org/Trees/TreeGuide/treedetail-legacy.cfm?ID=252 "6 hours daily of sun" is the same "full sun" requirement for tomatoes and zinnias. Plants that require "full sun" can get by with only 6 hours a day of it, but they do need that amount, and it must be direct, unfiltered through tree shade. Filtered shade is for understory plants, which yellow birch isn't.
It needs to be in a container with a drain hole. Letting it evaporate, even after you've tilted it sideways and let the obvious excess flow out, is possibly still going to give it root rot. The roots require oxygen to live, and when the air spaces between the soil particles are filled with water instead of air for too long, the roots begin to die. So you'd need to expedite maximum evaporation from the soil in order to be able to unpot it and then repot it in a correctly draining container. You can't work with soil when it's sodden, so it needs to dry out to the "moist crumbles" stage, without you touching it or digging around in it or poking holes in it. So it needs bright warm sun and plenty of air flow. Is it currently growing in the sun? Indoors or outdoors? Did you grow this from seed, or from a nursery plant?
Your first consideration should be which plants aren't toxic to your frog. As such, this isn't really a gardening question, it's a vivarium question. https://www.joshsfrogs.com/catalog/blog/2014/08/safe-plants-pets/ Many of those on this list are common ordinary houseplants that may be recommended to you. http://www.reptilesmagazine.com/Reptile-Health/Habitats-Care/How-to-Build-a-Poison-Dartfrog-Terrarium/ What is your light source? What you can grow is dictated by what kind of light you have.
They slow down their growth once temperatures begin to cool off in fall. I think you'll probably be able to pick a few tomatoes, you just won't have them coming in by the bushel baskets, which is how tomatoes normally roll in late summer and early fall.
My assumption would be that the bits of tree leaves and bark would need to steep in the water for a period of time, and that instant rainfall runoff may wash bits of tree leaves and bark off the roof into the rain barrel, but that on the roof itself, there wouldn't be the facilities for the bits to steep, since the water is going to run off the roof into the rain barrel immediately. You'd need to run the water through a fine mesh screen to exclude any bits. Spend a summer trying it on something unimportant and quick-growing, like petunias in a bucket, and have a second bucket using tap water, and see if the rainwater petunias seem affected.
&gt;I found a bunch of info that says weasels rarely (but occasionally) dig dens but will dig for/to get to/to preserve food, &gt;I found numerous places that say that weasels eat worms.. one site did say they are more likely to pick it up as a quick meal if its above ground but numerous places say they eat worms and other sites said they do dig for food... Do you have some links to these sites? Because I looked and didn't find anything that say that weasels eat worms. I am always interested in updating my personal knowledge base.
Pruning depends on what type of training you're doing.
&gt;, seems advice is to sow seeds indoor or early in spring. It depends on where you are, what you want to grow, and how you want to do it. If you live in Iowa, you start tomato seeds indoors in spring. If you live in Miami, you start tomato seeds outdoors in August. So you want to grow strawberries and lettuce in a gutter garden. Where are you located? Strawberries are more often grown from purchased small plants, not from seed.
Chicken manure doesn't have that much N in it, not when compared to chemical ferts. It's composted, so it's not going to burn right off the bat, and the N availability is only to the degree of "more than cow manure", but not by that much. It will be fine.
K. Get a pistol grip sprayer or a brass nozzle, and go out there and knock them down. Once they're on the ground, they're at the mercy of a whole host of predators and scavengers such as earwigs and spiders.
Cool! thanks for the update :)
I myself do tend to cut hornworms a certain amount of slack due to their being the larvae of the lovely sphinx moth, a huge and fascinating evening visitor if you ever plant moonflowers on strings up the side of the garage. But only up to a point, usually the point where the top half of a tomato seedling has been defoliated. Then out come the two bricks and away go all thoughts of lovely moths the size of a hummingbird.
It needs to be planted in the ground outdoors before anything else happens with it. It's not a houseplant, it's a four-foot-tall and wide with it landscaping shrub that usually gets put under the living room windows in the front yard. Harden it off first.
So what plant is it that you're wanting to grow? A peach tree or a cherry tree?
1. Thinning is an established technique. You plant more seeds than you'll need, and then choose the best and biggest as Keepers, and discard the rest. You don't put all the seeds into a single hole, though. You scatter them, or plant them in a row. This gives them space to expand and show you what they have, instead of all coming up in a big messy dogpile. 2. Seedling roots are quite delicate and generally do not thrive when put into direct contact with fertilizers. If you ever want to put an extra boost at the bottom of a planting hole for something, use a handful of rich compost, which is nutritious yet very mild. 3. Seedlings don't need feeding until after they've developed the first or second set of true leaves. The seed comes packaged with all the nutrients it needs in order to send out the cotyledon leaves and roots. 4. Uncomposted seaweed is not a fertilizer. It doesn't release its nutrients until it breaks down.
/r/whatsthisplant
Either edition of the Square Foot Gardening book. If you can source a copy of [this,](https://www.thriftbooks.com/w/gardening-the-complete-guide-to-growing-americas-favorite-fruits--vegetables_national-gardening-association/876014/?mkwid=sURE13OvE%7cdc&amp;pcrid=70112893392&amp;pkw=&amp;pmt=&amp;plc=&amp;pgrid=21326766312&amp;ptaid=pla-292433097256&amp;gclid=EAIaIQobChMIvrL8z4bS3QIVlIdpCh2rdAB8EAQYASABEgKiZ_D_BwE#isbn=0201108550&amp;idiq=837920) it is awesome. [As is this.](https://www.amazon.com/Better-Homes-Gardens-Complete-Gardening/dp/0696025566)
It depends on where you're located, what you're growing, and how. &gt;I'm having trouble finding good info on this online. That's because it depends. Some thing resent transplanting, some things don't need it, some things do.
That's more chives than I picked this morning. Looks like ur doin it right to me.
Yes. By the time the roots need to go deeper, the wet cardboard has rotted down enough that they punch right through.
They don't usually advertise when they're clearancing out the spring inventory, but it's about time for that to happen. Father's Day sales tend to involve manly-man power tools. But a propane weed torch is a fun gift, if you're shopping.
It's still "outdoors" and it still counts. The conditions outdoors are different, and harsher, than conditions indoors. What you want is to get them acclimated to current conditions outdoors as they are right now, not conditions outdoors at some fairy tale perfect-weather period. Omit the light filtering. The whole idea is to get them *accustomed* to direct bright sun. Giving them shade is counter-productive. Get them out there and let them take their chances. It's the only way. &gt;keeping the seedlings happy. Not a priority right now. They've had their chance to grow a robust root system and sturdy stems. Now is the final Boss level. It's win or die.
&gt; I hate to throw it all away Donate it. ReStore will take it. https://www.habitat.org/
Caterpillars don't respond to soapy water, so that would be why it's not working. Get some Bt, and hand-pick until that begins to work.
Battery-powered DustBuster. Empty the cup into a bucket of soapy water afterwards.
In what way does it not look like poison ivy? "Leaflets three, let it be." Squirt of Roundup.
James Underwood Crockett. Subsequent hosts have never been quite the same. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Victory_Garden_(TV_series)
Your plant seems very healthy and happy, so if it ain't broke, don't fix it. The roots that aren't supposed to be buried are aerial roots--roots up in the air, should your plant ever develop any with age and maturity.
How can you tell it's still giving off a particular scent?
I don't see why. Shit happens. Presumably there are more flowering branches left? If he even notices, tell him what happened.
That would work. What's your frost date in fall? If you have room, you could try some of those miniature decorative gourds or mini-pumpkins? You might have time to get them done before frost.
Those are all different species and cannot interbreed, one of the definitions of a species. In taxonomy, Solanaceae or "nightshades" are a "family", and family is too far apart to interbreed. Example: Humans and chimps are members of the Hominidae family, but since they're different species (Homo, Pan) they can't interbreed.
&gt;He's too big for me to move inside and outside to slowly transition him, so when I move him out, he's out until fall. Without a week's worth of gradual acclimation, once you put him outside, you pays your money and you takes your choice, taking the chance that he will simply die. 40F at night is too chilly. Nights need to be reliably at least in the 60s, like for tomatoes and peppers. This is what they make plant dolllies for. Put him on wheels.
Yeah, the more I read in the subreddit from Colorado gardeners, the more I'm amazed that anything ever gets done out there. Apparently hail, frost, and blizzards are possible at any time? So it's like that kind of thriller where anybody can die at any time. Given his non-portability, I'd probably just keep him indoors, too.
From a gardening perspective, if you want to keep the wisteria, you'll need to pull up and re-site the brick pathway so it doesn't impinge on the roots. There isn't any way to remove the roots without seriously damaging, even killing, the wisteria. There isn't any way to "elevate" a brick pathway on top of surface roots like that, that I'm aware of, other than some kind of massive engineering/landscaping construction to create bridgework over the roots. One thing you can do is remove the bricks and replace it with a mulch pathway, like tanbark, with brick or landscape timber borders to hold it in position. You don't smother the roots with bark, you bring the bark just up to the level of the roots, so people are walking on a level surface of bark that happens to have intermittent roots in it, just under the surface. Generally you can put about 1" to 3" of mulch on top of surface roots without smothering them.
&gt;let the flowers break down and maybe help with weed control? Not how it works. As they break down in a couple of days, they'll turn into slime underfoot. If you want to recoup their nutrients, put them in the compost pile. Otherwise sweep them out of where you're going to be walking for the next few days.
Downstate IL here. Clematis and other vines are pretty but it's only a screen from May-October. And of course, it's only 4 feet tall, so anybody of normal adult height can simply gaze into your yard at will. I have a chain link along my back alley, and I nod politely from my weeding at the alley scavengers cruising along as they check out everyone's trash. For serious privacy along a back fence that adjoins a public path, you want a 6 foot tall wooden fence. You will be grateful for this if you yourself ever acquire a dog. It prevents her from barking herself hoarse every morning during peak jogging hours, and wearing a muddy runway in the lawn alongside the fence.
1. Pruning. 2. Fertilizing. 3. Full sun. 4. Grow a different type of rose. &gt;I noticed that there are a lot more leaves compared to the number of flower buds. There aren't any formulas that dictate a ratio of leaves:flowers. Different types of roses have different levels of floriferousness. Hybrid teas, for example, typically in a casual ordinary hobbyist backyard setting will produce one or two flowers at a time, so you never get an all-over display of lots of flowers. Old-fashioned rambler roses give you a huge display of flowers once a year. So one starting point would be what type of rose it is in the first place.
&gt; top soil Out of a bag?
Reasons for yellowing leaves. 1. Overwatering. 2. Underwatering. 3. Sunburn. 4. Windburn. 5. Nutrient deficiency of any of the 13 required. 6. Soil too dense and moisture-retentive (See #1 above). 7. Soil too porous and non-moisture-retentive. (See #2 above). 8. Old age. 9. Insects. 10. Disease. 11. Incorrect soil pH. 12. Too hot. 13. Too cold. 14. Herbicide spray drift. 15. Roomies or family members helpfully pouring potions and tonics on it without telling you (coffee, tea, pepsi) 16. Insufficient light (usually seedlings on a windowsill). You'll have to troubleshoot from there. Eliminate the obvious ones, and then focus on what's left. For example, #16 is obviously not it, since they're out in the middle of a grassy lawn. I'm guessing probably nutrient deficiencies. Ordinary garden "dirt" isn't always that fertile. You'd think that if there's a nice lawn, that means it's good dirt, but actually turfgrass doesn't require really good dirt to grow. So, it may not have been that fertile to begin with, and then you added basically wood chips to tie up some of the nitrogen (a lot of bagged "soils" are like that, "composted forest products" is the label description), and a modicum of chemical ferts that "tomato food" won't necessarily address since there can be trace element deficiencies like magnesium (epsom salts) and copper. Has it been raining a lot since you planted them? Have you done a soil test for NPK and pH? That would be my next step?
Where are you located? Are you renting, or do you own the yard?
You've been watering them pretty frequently, would be my guess. How often, and how are you deciding when to water?
Because when you're renting, normally you consult the landlord before making permanent changes to his landscaping. Not everyone realizes that, so I always ask. If you're in a climate that is similar to the Mediterranean, with cool rainy frost-free winters and hot summers, then you can follow instructions for caring for lemon trees in, say, San Diego, Los Angeles, or Orlando or Miami. https://ucanr.edu/blogs/slomggarden/blogfiles/4259.pdf http://gardeningsolutions.ifas.ufl.edu/plants/edibles/fruits/citrus.html
Generally you need a species ID before a battle plan can be formulated. Get a good clear picture of the perps, then visit /r/whatsthisbug
Give them some shade for the next week or so after planting. Put an upside-down laundry basket over each one, which allows air circulation and ambient light.
No. Spores have been evolving on the planet for about 3 billion years now, and there's nothing the sun can do to them that they can't handle. You'd need something like a surgical autoclave, and even then I'm not sure it does spores. You cope with damping off by growing your seedlings so strong and fast with plenty of light that by the time the fungus gets its act together, the stems are too robust to be affected, and they simply shrug off the attack.
When they all have at least 2 sets of true leaves. Spacing depends on the variety.
They used a container with holes in the bottom. Every container you want to use to grow plants must have a mandatory non-negotiable hole in the bottom for excess water to flow out of. Normally the spaces between soil particles are filled with air--oxygen--which the plant roots need to survive. When you water, it fills up these spaces, but then gravity pulls the water out through the bottom drainage hole. If the spaces between the soil particles remain filled with water for too long, then the fine root hairs begin to die, cut off from oxygen. Since the fine root hairs are the ones responsible for uptaking water from the soil, when they are damaged and die, they are no longer able to uptake water, and the plant dies. You can use something like a disposable Dollar Tree aluminum foil turkey roasting pan. Pop a couple holes in it with a Bic pen or a screwdriver. It will need to be sitting on a drip tray to contain the drips. A boot tray is good. Put the roasting pan up on a series of milk jug or water jug caps so the excess water can flow underneath it, and not simply wick back up into the roasting pan. Or on top of a bunch of wooden or plastic rulers on the bottom of the boot tray, like flat slats. Protip: once you have it filled with wet soil, don't try to pick it up, ever. It will fold up in the middle and collapse, like when you try to make a BBQ sandwich using two pieces of Wonder Bread. Kitteh may try to dig and poop in the pan, which is a Bad Thing.
The lettuce is the only one that doesn't really need the extra fert, as leaves are cheap to produce, but the others can actually use it.
It's normal for older leaves to be jettisoned. The plant will draw down its carb reserves, and then turn it crispy and brittle on its own. It does not draw pests as it hangs there being salvaged. As long as this leaf doesn't initiate a sequence of yellowing and dropping leaves, it's normal. Watering 101: Normally the spaces between soil particles are filled with air--oxygen--which the plant roots need to survive. When you water, it fills up these spaces, but then gravity pulls the water out through the bottom drainage hole. If the spaces between the soil particles remain filled with water for too long, then the fine root hairs begin to die, cut off from oxygen. Since the fine root hairs are the ones responsible for uptaking water from the soil, when they are damaged and die, they are no longer able to uptake water, and the plant wilts. Ironically, the classic symptom of overwatering is a plant that is wilted in wet soil. "Why is it wilted? It has plenty of water!" You water a plant the same way you feed a baby--when it needs it. A baby tells you it needs food by crying. A plant tells you it needs water when you stick your finger into the soil and the soil is dry. You never water a plant on a human, calendar schedule--"Every Monday", "Twice a week"--but only when your finger tells you it needs it. Water only when you stick your finger into the soil and it feels dry about 1/4" to 1/2" to 1" down, depending on the plant species, its size and rate of growth, and the size of the pot. With succulents, you allow the potting medium to be dry for at least a week all the way to the bottom before you water. When you water, add enough so it comes out the bottom. Discard this, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. So "wilted leaves" aren't a signal to water. Either you're drought-stressing it, or it has root rot from overwatering. Go by how dry the soil is.
&gt; I could theoretically keep them bare root, but I have no idea how to do that Lay them on the kitchen counter and mist all the roots once a day. In the wild, epiphytic orchids sit on a tree branch and are watered by the trickle of water coming down from higher up, after the daily rain shower. Also the overall high humidity helps keep them moist. At home, if you have normal indoor humidity, ie. you don't live in the Mojave Desert, a daily thorough misting of mounted orchids ought to be enough. You can also boost humidity by putting it next to a cool mist vaporizer with the spout aimed towards the plant. Purple and red coloration in Phal leaves is sometimes genetic, is sometimes a response to high light. Are you saying you still have fungus gnats? Black spots and wet rotty places on orchid leaves are sometimes a fungal disease, but I'm not an expert on it, and wouldn't care to make a diagnosis. https://staugorchidsociety.org/culturepests-diseases.htm &gt; LED grow lights What are the specs on this? Or a link to the product.
I have one of [these](https://express.google.com/u/0/product/2775539370391756078_11500445895239483241_10046?utm_source=google_shopping&amp;utm_medium=tu_cu&amp;utm_content=eid-lsjeuxoeqt&amp;gtim=CLPrrLPC1JC5WhDoz-rIgNCgr2AYsPy5FSIDVVNEKPDCtegFML5O&amp;utm_campaign=10046&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQjwl6LoBRDqARIsABllMSZDvGq0rZyGA3Y5-bbzz0rtSeGhuwQGivbVmIOL0Jy5wC-EOFo4gDUaAsApEALw_wcB) by my bed in the winter, as I have a wet basement and don't need it down there for the orchids. But it runs for about 12 hours on a fillup, i.e. overnight.
You don't need to hang the lights from the ceiling, you can suspend them from shelves or from frames. https://imgur.com/a/GB2JxAt [GIS.](https://www.google.com/search?q=plant+light+shelves&amp;safe=active&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwitpPbgnfTiAhVEIKwKHbtTCLsQ_AUIESgC&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=625) There is also /r/spacebuckets, which are compact fluorescents. You can also use T5s, which are two feet long as opposed to the T8s four feet. A standard 100 watt equivalent household LED bulb in an architect's lamp aimed directly at the plant is adequate for Phals, but it may not rebloom. But it will grow.
Do they live outdoors on a balcony or patio?
There are no bugs that eat that kind of pattern in leaves. There are no diseases that basil gets that cause that. It's not uncommon for outdoor plants to acquire small dings and dents from the weather. Try putting them inside an empty oversize terracotta pot to act as a iwndbreak.
Reasons for yellowing leaves. 1. Overwatering. 2. Underwatering. 3. Sunburn. 4. Windburn. 5. Nutrient deficiency of any of the 13 required. 6. Soil too dense and moisture-retentive (See #1 above). 7. Soil too porous and non-moisture-retentive. (See #2 above). 8. Old age. 9. Insects. 10. Disease. 11. Incorrect soil pH. 12. Too hot. 13. Too cold. 14. Herbicide spray drift. 15. Roomies or family members helpfully pouring potions and tonics on it without telling you (coffee, tea, pepsi) 16. Insufficient light (usually seedlings on a windowsill). You'll have to troubleshoot from there.
&gt; direct sun in the afternoon &gt;Florida You're cooking it. Give it morning sun only. At the place where you bought it, was it outdoors in the sun, indoors in a greenhouse, indoors in a shop?
Reasons for yellowing leaves. 1. Overwatering. 2. Underwatering. 3. Sunburn. 4. Windburn. 5. Nutrient deficiency of any of the 13 required. 6. Soil too dense and moisture-retentive (See #1 above). 7. Soil too porous and non-moisture-retentive. (See #2 above). 8. Old age. 9. Insects. 10. Disease. 11. Incorrect soil pH. 12. Too hot. 13. Too cold. 14. Herbicide spray drift. 15. Roomies or family members helpfully pouring potions and tonics on it without telling you (coffee, tea, pepsi) 16. Insufficient light (usually seedlings on a windowsill). You'll have to troubleshoot from there. Of the list, my first thought would be "herbicide spray drift".
Ten thousand years ago, people grew crops without bales of peat moss and soil probe thermometers. Ten weeks ago, all over the subreddit, volunteer tomatoes and squash sprouted in compost piles. People in Puerto Rico and Argentina didn't starve until Amazon and Mel Bartholomew came along. There's a time and a place to go down to the library and look up more information, and there's a time and a place to throw some potting soil and some seeds into a styrofoam coffee cup and water it.
My understanding of the OP is that we're talking about First World hobby gardeners, not Third World subsistence farmers.
https://www.cdc.gov/ticks/geographic_distribution.html
Well, there are tick species everywhere, this map is only for American dog tick, the most common one and the one you're ost likely to encounter on a hike, but if you look at the map: &gt;*This map is not meant to represent risks for a specific tick-borne disease, because disease transmission is influenced by multiple factors beyond mere tick presence. This map has been designed to answer the question “What ticks should I be concerned about at a regional scale?”* ~~So the gray parts on the map where don't you need to be concerned about the presence of American dog ticks are basically the parts with little rainfall, meaning little of the shrubby grassy vegetation that ticks prefer, and the parts with bitterly cold and snowy winters. Those are the gray parts in the middle of the continent. Dry, cold, snowy.~~ edit: nm, Grandma's blind.
Books are helpful. Good overview books are both the Dummies and Idiots guide. No offense, that's just what they're called. The Square Foot Gardening book, either edition. The concepts have entered the zeitgeist, so whether you're doing raised beds or SFG as such, you still need to know what everyone is talking about.
Just buy some fertilizer in a bag or box. Are you doing organic or chemical ferts? Dead fish will draw every raccoon, skunk, loose dog, and feral cat in the neighborhood. Also urban rats.
Corn is such a heavy feeder, with wide-ranging roots, that I'd be concerned about them sucking all the nutrients away from the berries, which I'd have in a separate bed.
That's not overgrown, that's 100% normal for a single pumpkin plant, and it's going to get worse before you're done. Each plant needs, seat of the pants estimate, 32 square feet, or an entire 4x8 bed, just for room to let the vines run. So basically that entire bed there, for one plant. You'll be physically placing the vines into the bed, up and down, back and forth, to fit them in. I don't advocate pruning leaves and vines, since those comprise the photosynthesis factory that is manufacturing carbs that are going into your pumpkin to get it ripe before frost. The vines can be on top of each other, it's fine,whatever it takes to get them off the pathway. Whatever's planted on the right is going to find itself shaded and crowded out by August. So...if that's 15 plants, you are looking at a Titanic-level disaster looming, with stewards handing out life jackets and escorting people to the lifeboats. Choose the biggest and best-looking plant as the keeper, and snip off the other 14 right at soil level with scissors, taking care to disentangle each one's vines as you lift it away so it doesn't snap off any of the Keeper's foliage.
&gt;One would logically believe that natural water contains more minerals and vitamins, but also more pathogens. Pathogens in lake and river water have zero significance for any plants that get watered with it. Plants don't get E.coli dysentery or cholera. The danger of pathogens in lake or river water would be to the human gardener coming in contact with soil that has had them added to it via its water. Plants don't use vitamins. There are no natural waters that contain vitamins. The vast majority of plants, either houseplants or outdoors, don't care whether they're watered with tap water, river water, or distilled water. Some species of plants do need water that isn't hard. If you're growing these, you'll know it and you'll provide it. Are you looking for irrigation water for your garden?
Bee balm is Monarda didyma, a small perennial. Bergamot, Citrus bergamia, is a citrus fruit that grows on a tree. Wild bergamot, Monarda fistulosa, is a North American wildflower. Monardas are sometimes called "bergamot" because their leaves smell like the citrus fruit.
Talk to /r/succulents
Come see us in /r/orchids.
Beetles: Get a battery-powered DustBuster and go out there 2x a day and keep score. Tap the leaves and stems gently with a stick once you think you've gotten them all during this round, because when they sense a moving predator, they all go hide, and tapping the leaves spooks them, and sometimes even knocks them to the ground where they're easy enough to vacuum up. A shop vac also works. Be sure to empty the collection cup into a bucket of soapy water, because if they die in there, it stinks to high heaven. This works on any large slow-moving beetle-type insects. Japanese beetles, bean beetles, squash bugs, stink bugs. Slugs: use commercial slug bait.
The best anyone can do is make up a list of "landscaping plants that deer don't usually eat". https://njaes.rutgers.edu/deer-resistant-plants/ Every other assertion on the Internet, "15 Plants That Deer Won't Eat!" is lying to you.
It's a red flag for overwatering and/or overly moisture-retentive soil. Concur that they need a lot more light. What are you growing, and where are you located?
Are you gardening to grow things to sell? Or just for yourself to eat? Glyphosate is Roundup, an herbicide. It has low toxicity to mammals, and the cancer risks are from long-term repeated exposure. It breaks down relatively quickly in soil. So while I won't say that I'd take a bath in it, it's not poisonous like plutonium. Carbaryl--Sevin brand name--is similar. It is an insecticide that kills anything that touches it, which includes bees and other pollinators. Overall, I personally wouldn't be thrilled to be living next door to a farmer spraying herbicides (whose spray drift the breeze can bring over to your land and damage or kill your plants) or insecticides that kill all of our bees, but I can see the economic pressures that are on him to use those chemicals. This is the conundrum that everyone who lives in an agricultural area faces. I would not eat herbs, fruits, or vegetables that had spray residue on them, not so much because of the chemicals themselves, but because of the subsidiary substances that go to make up the spray--emulsifiers, spreader-stickers, propellants, binders, other chemicals that have nothing to do with the mission of killing weeds or killing insects. Example: a bottle of shampoo contains detergent as only one ingredient, and there are about 20 other ingredients that have nothing to do with getting your hair clean. Agricultural sprays are the same way, and some of those extra chemicals can make you sick if you ingest them.
That's often a nutrient deficiency. What plant food is it?
What species is it?
Just cut it back with any kind of cutting implements--kitchen scissors, hand pruners, grass shears, whatever. If you wait until after it's mostly finished flowering, it should produce a second flush of blooms. https://www.whiteflowerfarm.com/how-to-grow-geranium-cranesbill
Not if you're not scared of using herbicide. People dig up weeds instead of spraying Weed-B-Gone because they don't want chemicals in their lawn, but chemicals in your lawn, used on an occasional basis by the homeowner, are not intrinsically evil, and are a great timesaver.
Well, replacing the weeds with anything other than natives (such as a Scotts Trugreen lawn) is going to require significant amounts of water, and effort. If you're not highly motivated to transform your weedy dirt into something else, I'd just go ahead and keep the weeds and the status quo. [This](https://www.google.com/search?safe=active&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=625&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=a68OXd2uGNS7tQb0mYXYCw&amp;q=xeriscaping+natives+northern+california&amp;oq=xeriscaping+natives+northern+california&amp;gs_l=img.3...69455.70306..70589...0.0..0.0.0.......0....1..gws-wiz-img.qcEk0nmtofE) is what you can have, but not for free, not on any level.
It's not gone forever, it will be back. Either you missed parts of roots, or else there are seeds in the soil. I have it in an enclosed bed by the house. It's not gone 4ever until it's been 2-3 years and you haven't seen it, and even then, spading your bed may still bring up buried seeds. Vigilance is key.
Skip the weed barrier. In 5 to 15 years it will deteriorate and need to be pulled out from under the mulch, one flapping black plastic bit at a time. Use flattened cardboard instead, first scalping all weeds down to soil level, and make sure to renew the mulch annually by adding more on top. Cut out circles--collars--in the cardboard to fit around the plant stems or trunks. Your starting point is to ID everything that's growing there, including weeds. Take good clear pictures of everything, make up an Imgur album (not too huge, it makes them irritable over there) and post it to /r/whatsthisplant. Give the yard a calendar year to show you what it has. Many things are dormant for part of the year, such as tulips and daffodils. Some shrubs are boring green for 51 weeks of the year, and the 52nd week people go out of their way to drive past your house to look at it in bloom. There can be treasures there that you'll wish later you hadn't dug up, when you're looking at a $40 containerized shrub at the garden center, and you realize, "Well, crap, we had one of those when we moved in, and we ripped it out." Look at your neighbors' landscaping. Look at botanic garden, museum, zoo, corporate, college, municipal, city park, and mall landscaping. When you see something that makes you go, "Want", take its picture and get an ID. Read books and articles on gardening and landscaping. Your local public library has shelves full of books. Live with the yard for a while and think about how you want to use it. Build all your hardscape before you get started on the landscaping. Build all your patios, decks, sidewalks, pathways, storage sheds, garages, swimming pools, swingsets, sandboxes, trampolines, koi ponds, dog runs, outdoor kitchens, BBQ pits, firepits, conversation pits, pergolas, gazebos, and screen porches first. This is for two reasons: One, it prevents you from having to rip out the new rose garden when you belatedly realize you need a path to the trash cans right there. Two, it prevents workmen in big boots from trundling wheelbarrows through the new rose garden.
Ok, if it works for you, that's fine. If I tried something like that here in the Midwest I'd have loose dogs jumping my fence, and every possum and raccoon on the block rummaging through it.
It's not in danger of death, just of not looking as decorative as it could.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melothria_pendula
You should probably be uneasily wondering what she's finding to eat on your balcony, that she's sticking around.
If you're doing modified real-world Square Foot Gardening, with single-staking and heavy pruning, you can fit one tomato plant into 2 squares, or 2 plants in a 4x4. This presupposes rich soil and monthly fertilizing.
Boredom, curiosity, extreme hunger, a sense of adventure, being a toddler, being a bird?
Concur that it's not a Phalaenopsis.
Is asking your mom or your sister not an option? Where did you want to grow a plant? Indoors, outdoors, in the ground, in a pot? What did you want to grow?
You must be seriously into pickling, canning, and preserving.
First you have to figure out where their nest is, and where they're coming from. Are they climbing up the side of the building from ground level? Is the nest in one of the pots? Sit there quietly for an hour and observe where they're going to and coming from.
Okay. Take the pot with the nest, and submerge it completely in a bucket of water deep enough to cover the entire soil's surface. It helps if you've mixed a spoonful of insecticidal soap wth the water. Let it soak. You will see ants evacuating with their larvae, floating. Kill them as you can. Once no more ants are popping up to the surface, remove the pot and let it drain. Make sure to kill any ants that have climbed up the plant. Use insecticidal soap in a spray. If you can reach the trail up the side of the building, use chemicals to erase the pheromone trail that they're following. https://www.thespruce.com/ways-to-clean-ant-scent-trail-1900614
The flower stalk--the "spike"--can rebloom on alternate nodes as long as it's still green. Once the spike has turned tan and crispy, that signals that no more rebloom will happen, and future rebloom will come from new spikes emerging from the base. Other than that, far from dying, your Phal looks exceptionally large and healthy. Come see us in /r/orchids. We have a sidebar link to Beginner Care for Phalaenopsis.
It's not dying at all.
It's possibly going to burn. You can look for root damage, leaf damage, and more leaf damage due to the root damage. Chicken manure is the "hottest" fresh manure you can get, so this is why we age it before using it. If it's only a small amount of actual fresh poop and is mostly bedding and peat moss, it might be okay. Previous generations did things we no longer do. People watching Grandma doing something don't always understand what they're looking at.
In some microclimates, and in some winters, tender bulbs can overwinter. The reason we dig them up is to make sure we have them next spring and not leave it to chance and hope. I'm not going to tell you, "Yeah, go ahead, it'll be fine", because sometimes you have to play the odds, and odds are that they won't.
[How to renovate lilacs.](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+renovate+lilacs&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;oq=how+to+renovate+lilacs&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0j69i64.2919j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) The Youtubes are particularly helpful.
I'd touch base with the aloe experts at /r/succulents
It's bolting--flowering and going to seed. It does this in heat. It will now taste bitter. Pull it and start over at the end of summer for fall/winter crops.
Bees pay no attention to larger organisms unless those organisms are doing something egregious like chasing them with a folded-up newspaper or breaking into the hive. Correlation is not causation. Everybody everywhere is noticing population declines of pollinators. You're the only one who has a pigeon coop next door. https://ento.psu.edu/pollinators/resources-and-outreach/globally-pollinators-are-in-decline
You put a different plant in each opening. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wDVdjiU14E
Those look like fractures--cracks--to me, like someone in a size 12 boot stepped on the plant, or like a 20 lb feline took a nap on top of it.
They grow so fast and become so unwieldy so quickly, there's no percentage in it. They tend to resent transplanting at larger sizes. Not that many people grow pole beans. It is not too late for bush beans.
Some kind of harmless fungi? Talk to /r/mycology for ID.
The local public library has shelves of books on gardening.
Get better pictures and post them to /r/whatsthisbug Then get back to us.
If you want a species ID, talk to /r/whatsthisbug But you don't need an ID to remove them. A battery-powered DustBuster (or a shop vac) is a real game-changer. Go out there 2x a day and keep score. Be sure to empty the cup into a bucket of soapy water, because if they die in there, it stinks to high heaven. This works well for all large, slow-moving, beetle-type bugs. Squash bugs, cucumber beetles, Japanese beetles, bean beetles.
What kind of beans? Green snap bush beans? Pole beans? Dried pinto beans?
Cocoa bean hulls are my favorite because they smell so heavenly, but downside, they're not as cheap as plain wood chips or shredded bark, at least not where I'm located. Pile them up at least 3" to 4". Don't stint, mulch works better if it's deeper rather than thinner. Note that they are--very slim chances here--toxic to dogs. https://www.poison.org/articles/2012-jun/cocoa-bean-mulch-can-poison-dogs
What is your watering method and regimen?
Put them in a place where they get morning sun only, from sunrise to about noon, thus blocking the hottest afternoon sun.
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts Yes, seriously. It's the arborists' subreddit.
What cultivar are they?
Buy a "Just Add Ice" orchid and then come see us in /r/orchids, we have a sidebar link to Beginner Care for Phalaenopsis. The modern mass market NOID Phal is as close to bulletproof as an orchid gets. Probably all of us in there have at least one. They're a classic example of a gateway drug.
There's no downside to mulching other than the expense. It smothers weeds, conserves moisture, and rots down to feed the entire soil biota, all the earthworms and pillbugs and fungi and bacteria, making the soil richer over time, and all you need to do is keep adding more on top every year. No tilling, no spading. Just bring home some big bags from Walmart, open them, and dump. Plants grow better if they have evenly moist soil, instead of having to cope with wide swings between dry and wet. Mulching also prevents crust from forming on top of the soil. https://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/nrcs142p2_053281.pdf
What you need is Tithonia, not the dwarf 'Sundance' hybrids but the real old-fashioned T. rotundifolia monster. Eight feet tall and wide with it. https://wimastergardener.org/article/mexican-sunflower-tithonia-rotundifolia/
Workers at local garden shops are sometimes minimum-wage grunts who know very little about the plants they're selling, and who sometimes simply repeat what they've heard someone else tell a customer but without really understanding the context. Generally in horticulture, a cultivar ("cultivated variety") behaves the same as the basic plant does. Rudbeckia 'Goldsturm' is, for all intents and purposes, a black-eyed Susan. The new shades of coneflower coming out are still Echinacea, and grow the same way as the original washed-out purple. All of the many colors of African violets all behave the same way and have the same growing conditions. Same with pothos, Dracaena warnecki, lilacs, roses, hostas...all of them. You grow a different cultivar the same way. If it has variegated or conspicuously smaller leaves, or is a dwarf plant, then you'd expect it to grow more slowly, due to the smaller amount of photosynthesizing leaf surface area. But 'Asterisk' isn't variegated, and the leaves don't look that much smaller than ordinary H. helix, they're just a slightly different, pointier shape. So I'd expect it to behave and grow pretty much like ordinary H. helix. And I'm not seeing how a slightly different leaf shape would suddenly cause the zone 4-9 Hedera helix to winterkill in zone 7.
Yeah, that's a disease. There's a list of about 30 to choose from. You're way beyond salvaging that with ferts. Pull it, plant some bush beans for the rest of the summer.s
&gt; it has been going on for over a week. It goes on for a couple of months sometimes. A week is nothing. Be patient, it'll get there. Green june bugs eat fruit, not leaves. If you have holes in leaves, you're probably looking for a caterpillar, most likely green, most likely with horns. Look up "tomato hornworm". Use a battery-powered Dust Buster on the June bugs and grasshoppers if you want. Mushrooms are usually a red flag for overwatering, unless you're in Florida, in which case it's just Florida summer bein' Florida summer.
The tomatoes are safe to eat. Plants can surprise you, Life...finds a way, and they usually have root reserves with which to fund new growth. Just give it normal care, and leave it alone. It needs a time of quiet contemplation to regroup. Don't prune it or cut bits off, as the stems and leaves contain valuable carbohydrate reserves that the plant can scavenge to use for new growth. Once they get a new shoot out there to photosynthesize, the reboot begins, a word derived from the phrase "to pull oneself up by one's bootstraps". Photosynthesis from that one shoot makes carbs to fund further shoots, which then begin photosynthesizing carbs to make more shoots...and so forth. The plant itself will jettison leaves that are no longer useful by turning them brown and crispy. Don't dig it up and repot it, it doesn't need the stress. Don't fertilize it unless you've literally never fed it and it's been in the same soil for a year or more. Don't overwater it by giving it lots of little daily pampering drinkies. Don't pour magic potion "tonics" on it. They do nothing but contribute to overwatering. Just leave it alone, and let it sort things out. &gt;. Someone took it upon themselves to spray herbicide up and down the alley for weed control. Not "someone"--your city or other municipal authority. This is SOP for alleys and railroad embankments. Now that you know they're going to do this, plan next year's garden accordingly. You can also keep your own section of the alley weed-free, and presumably they'll pass by next time.
It's way too hot for carrots. Come back Labor Day weekend. You are too late for tomatoes and sweet corn from seed. Tomatoes from plants if you can find them. Most garden centers have shut down the spring veg and are moving in the cushion mums and poinsettias. Peppers from seed or plants if they can be overwintered indoors. See /r/hotpeppers for the protocols. July crops are bush snap beans, cucumbers, and bush zukes, which also is a workaround for the dreaded squash vine borer, who by July has already laid her eggs on someone else's zukes, so there's that. At the end of August do all the cool-season fall/winter crops. This list includes carrots, beets, turnips, parsnips, kale, chard, lettuces, greens, spinach, peas, radish, broccoli, cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and cabbage. Start the last four cole crops now indoors in the A/C to have plants to set out in 8 weeks.
Talk to the Master Gardeners at the extension office, they'll have a list. https://ucanr.edu/About/Locations/
2 or 3 weeks isn't really very long. Use potting medium (equal parts peat moss and vermiculite) and use rooting hormone. Post pictures of what your cuttings look like.
&gt; I water it at 9:00am on Wednesday and Sunday, , but if the soil still feels moist I might wait until the evening. Never water a plant on a human, calendar schedule, but the same way you feed a baby--only when it needs it. You determine when it needs it by feeling the soil at a a particular depth, and if it's moist, you wait to water it **until it's dry,** not merely a few hours. https://www.whiteflowerfarm.com/how-to-grow-lemon-cypress &gt;*Water when the top 1-2 inches of potting mix is dry to the touch. Be sure not to over water, which can lead to problems with root rot.* So this depth of 1-2 inches is referencing a much larger containerized specimen, since that's what Whiteflower Farms sells. If yours is in a typical 4" to 6" flowerpot, you'd water it when the soil is dry about 1/2" down. Add enough so it comes out the bottom drainage hole, and always discard this excess immediately. Never allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. So basically what's wrong with your plant is that it's being overwatered.
So the mass market producers are doing something different with theirs. So how did you grow yours?
&gt; You always comment growing zone isn't climate, so maybe take your own advice this time. I don't see a reason to be rude. *I* wasn't rude to *you*. If you can't have an adult discussion without being rude, maybe you're in the wrong place.
When a house is built, the builder takes a bulldozer and purposely grades the front and back yards so as to encourage rainfall to flow away from the house and its foundation. Water flowing towards the house into the foundation will destroy the foundation over time. So the high point in the middle of your yard was presumably put there for a specific purpose by someone who knew what they were doing. So you don't want to mess with that. Ignore advice elsewhere about digging up the entire yard and throwing dirt around so as to make it level. This can possibly cause rainfall to start flowing the wrong direction. Regrading a yard--which is what "dig it all up and move the dirt around" amounts to--is something you undertake only after much thoughtful consideration, research, and measurements. You don't do it just because it's awkward to have a high spot in the middle. The bumpiness and lumpiness of the turf is something you deal with as part of turfgrass maintenance. Rolling, aerating, and correct mowing are all part of how you make it nice. If there are actual holes in the lawn, like divots, you can fill each one with a couple handfuls of topsoil, but don't change the overall elevation of the yard. Talk to /r/lawncare Both of these things--regrading a yard and renovating the lawn--are normally projects that the property owner undertakes, not a tenant, because they are both fairly large and time-consuming projects, and not usually something that renters do.
What usually goes in the dense shade and dry soil under evergreens is their shed needles. You'd need to seek out appropriate understory plants to get anything at all to grow there. Anything you plant is going to compete.
Causes of leaves that are brittle and cracked. https://www.optimara.com/doctoroptimara/10305-10704/10700.html
No, they're done. Start over in fall. They are annuals, and once they've flowered, they've shot their wad.
Read a couple books on gardening in general first. Your local public library will have books on specifically Florida gardening. The extension office has articles online. http://sfyl.ifas.ufl.edu/lawn-and-garden/ Good overview books are both the Dummies and Idiots guide. No offense, that's just what they're called. The Square Foot Gardening book, either edition. The concepts have entered the zeitgeist, so whether you're doing raised beds or SFG as such, you still need to know what everyone is talking about.
Read a book for an overview. Good overview books are both the Dummies and Idiots guide. No offense, that's just what they're called. Post a better picture in /r/whatsthisplant for species ID, crucial when looking up how to care for it.
Since the compost is only half-composted, you'll need to add extra fertilizer. I'd do a serving of any kind of "vegetable food" or "tomato food" granules at the base of each plant once a month.
Ah. A classic illustration of the way that USDA zones tell nothing about climate. Although you may be in zone 7, you still have a cold and snowy New England winter. In other zone 7s, in the Deep South, you can sometimes overwinter summer-flowering bulbs such as dahlias and gladiolus outdoors in sheltered microclimates. In New England, I wouldn't give a dahlia a snowball's chance in hell of overwintering outdoors in the ground,and I wouldn't include it in my planning. On the other hand, southern CT is a prime location for cold-winter New England gardening at its best. You have just enough cold and snow to make things like lilacs,tulips, and asparagus happy, but not the brutality (and laggard springs) of farther north. Talk to the Master Gardeners at the extension office for more protips, Your Tax Dollars At Work. http://www.extension.uconn.edu/locations.php
Ask them. Some food pantries and shelters aren't allowed to accept fresh produce, since there's no quality control over how they're grown. If they do accept veggies, ask them what they'd like.
Give them partial shade for the next week or so, such as putting an upside-down laundry basket over them, then put them in a place where they get morning sun only. Afternoon sun being hotter, and containers being smaller and drying out faster, you want them to get cool morning sun only, at least while your weather is this hot.
Aphids are host-specific, meaning that tobacco or nightshade aphids eat tobacco or nightshade sap and aren't interested in anything else. So sacrificing these plants won't do anything to protect the rest of your non-tobacco garden. Purchase any brand of commercial insecticidal soap such as Safers, and use it according to the label. Don't waste time with homemade Pinterest concoctions.
Pictures would be helpful. "Bamboo" covers a lot of territory.
Probably not. If I'm remembering my Canadian geogrphy correctly, you're the province directly north and east of the U.S. state of Maine? So that means you have a long harsh snowy cold winter, like Maine? https://plants.ces.ncsu.edu/plants/opuntia-humifusa/ &gt; *It has the largest range of any cactus in the United States and can be found from New Mexico and Montana east to Florida and Massachusetts. It is also found in Ontario.* Note that "Ontario" in this context doesn't necessarily mean the cold sub-Arctic northern part, filled with evergreens and fly-in fishing resorts, it most likely means the southern relatively hospitable part, Toronto, Ottawa, and so forth. Massachusetts, while it has a somewhat shorter winter than Maine, still generally partakes of the typical harsh long cold snowy New England winter. There is more to overwintering plants outdoors than just low temps. There is also the overall length and coldness of it, as well as snow and ice. I'm not finding anything on google referring to growing prickly pear in New Brunswick. So I'm guessing not. For a more definitive answer, network with local gardeners and see if anyone is growing it.
It is not feasible to grow it as a perennial unless you have a cannabis grow room to provide full sun over the winter. It has a growing season in length similar to watermelons and sweet corn, so if you have a long, warm summer, you can grow cotton outdoors as an annual. There are many web pages, blogs, and Youtubes on growing cotton as a hobby. It's popular to grow it in a half-barrel or very large deck tub or urn. I know people who put it on their front stoop instead of geraniums.
&gt; they always die after putting off a few leaves What is the manner of their dying? 1. Slowly, over a period of days, one by one, the seedlings die. 2. You check on them at bedtime, and they're all fine, and you come back in the morning and they've all toppled over at soil level and are lying horizontally on the soil, to the last man. &gt; I know they don't like wet feet, so I try to hold off on water until they are wilting **Mature plants** don't like wet feet. Germinating seedlings need soil moisture.Making them wait until they're wilted before you water them is seriously stressing them. "Eating too much makes you gain weight, so I'm holding back the milk for this newborn infant here so he doesn't gain too much weight." Babies have different requirements from adults. &gt; The foliage is green and healthy, but root rot is killing them If you're not watering them until they're wilting from drought, they can't be dying from root rot. I'm not understanding how they're "green and healthy" at the same time as "they always die after putting out a few leaves".
Put it inside an old bird cage or dog crate. Or construct a box out of hardware cloth. Plant some cat grass for her very own. Wheat or oats from the health food store, shallow dish of moist potting mix, profit.
Im not seeing a grid showing distances, it doesn't look proportionate. If that's 2 feet of red bell peppers, then your house is only 20 feet wide? Which way is north? Where are you located? Is this your first-ever vegetable garden? Generally, for purposes of efficiency--mulching, weeding, watering--a vegetable garden goes all in one spot. The way you have it, you'll have to drag the hose and sprinkler around to all four sides of your house in order to water your veg. If you don't have a spigot on more than one side of the house, that's going to require a significant investment in garden hoses, and YSK that the longer the hose, the lower the water pressure at the sprinkler. If the veg is all in one rectangle, uyou only need to set up a single sprinkler, or maybe two, to water it all at the same time.
They're fungus gnats, not fruit flies. Cut back on your watering a little and put 1/4 mosquito dunk tablet in the watering can with every watering. http://ipm.ucanr.edu/PMG/PESTNOTES/pn7448.html
For cold-sensitive tropicals, you'll be better off, results-wise, if you invest in an ordinary greenhouse heater with a thermostat. Heat lamps don't have a way to regulate the temperature, leading to the possibility of overheating and cooking seedlings. You don't need heat to start any of the cool-weather frost-tolerant seedlings like broccoli. You may not need heat to start warm-weather seedlings like tomatoes, in your climate. Touch base with the Master Gardeners at the extension office to see how they use a greenhouse. Not sure it's really big enough for a sink. That's 3 feet of counter space where you could be putting plant pots and seed flats.
You start it in a 2" seedling pot, and you gradually up-pot it as it outgrows its current pot, as indicated by either top-heavy foliage that keeps tipping the plant over, or by roots completely filling the pot, or both. Most indoor basil plants eventually end up in a 4" to 6" pot, not a gallon container.
How are you deciding when to water? What exactly are y ou doing? How much are you adding? Is there a hole in the bottom of the pot? What kind of soil is it in? Are they outdoors or indoors?
Good stuff to grow for kids in the UK are greens, lettuces, baby carrots and baby beets, radishes if they like them. These all give fast results. Other good newbie crops are tomatoes and sumnmer squash like bush zucchini, but your cool, rainy summers sometimes mitigate against ripening tomatoes properly. You have a thing called "marrows", which are basically summer squash in my parlance. These are rewarding for kids in that they grow fast and easily from seed, and if you leave them on the vine, they turn into immense vegetable behemoths. Zukes will do that, too. They're not necessarily better because they're bigger, and actually they're tastier when picked no larger than the size of your hand, but kids enjoy the wow factor of growing a squash larger than their baby brother. https://www.lovethegarden.com/uk-en/article/marrows-and-squashes-cucurbita-pepo-cucurbita-maxima-cucurbita-moschata Buy seeds at the garden center or the Big Box. They may not have the seed racks out yet. My seed racks here in the U.S. Midwest don't appear until April. Or you can order them online from any number of reputable vendors. The only UK vendor I'm familiar with is Thompson &amp; Morgan, but I'm sure there are others.
Yes, they will survive. Give them normal care, plenty of really bright light, don't overwater them, and slowly but surely they will grow out from under the paint. No, don't do anything to try to remove the paint, you'll only end up damaging the leaf surface. See /r/succulents for care protips.
It goes into a pot that is just a little bigger than the root ball, say about 1/2" to 1" all around in diameter. Snake plants are notorious for having tiny root systems in proportion to their foliage, so I'd have a smaller pot on hand just in case.
Deadheading is a thing. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/flowers/roses/rose-deadheading.htm Is that dark corner the place where the rosebush lives? Or is it just there for its photo op?
It's ready to harvest when it's the size and color that you want to eat it at. It's edible at all stages, it just depends on how good you are at keeping your hands in your pockets and allowing it to get bigger, or riper.
Here in the U.S. Midwest (corn, soybeans, flatlands) normal summer temps in July and August have to get up to about 95F/35C before "the heat" becomes a topic of conversation. Once it gets over 100F/37C, once it hits that magic century mark, it's a "heat wave", and sometimes they close the schools, as not all of them have A/C. Temps of 105F/105C are considered unusually hot, and dire. We chortle about the UK with their 85F/29C [air quotes] "heat waves". It's all about what you're used to.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate. Where are you located?
Water that has been left to stand will develop various sorts of bacterial and/or algal colonies. This is why disaster preppers who want to stockpile water need to put more thought into it than simply filling up the basement with gallons of water. Water containers aren't sterile to begin with, and microbes are everywhere. It won't have any effect on your plants. Keeping the containers in darkness when not in use will discourage a lot of the green algae. but not necessarily bacteria. I keep my gallon jugs that hold water for orchids to come to room temp and evaporate chlorine under my plant shelves, in the shadows. You can empty them, fill them with 10% household bleachsolution (one part bleach, nine parts water) let them stand for an hour, then rinse them out.
I want to say that it's two different plants, a Dieffenbachia and (maybe) a peace lily. If I were there, I'd dump it out on some newspaper and have a look. The green and white is pretty definitely a Dieff. It's been an office plant a long time, as evidenced by the long leafless stems. It has been reaching for the light a long time, and has been starved of nutrients a long time. They are amazing survivors. You can keep the long winding stems if you want to preserve them as a tribute to the hardiness of Dieffs in an office, but that's not really their normal look. I'd break it down, make them into cuttings, and start over. Do you have license to do so from whoever gave you the plant? Or is someone going to come in and scream at you, "OMG WHAT ARE YOU DOING??!" If it's all yours now, take it home and fix it. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/houseplants/dumb-cane/propagating-dieffenbachia.htm There are loads of Youtubes on this, too. The other plant, I dunno. If it's a similarly starved and stunted peace lily, it is also a great office plant survivor, and would benefit from being potted in its own pot. It's very common for florist gift planters, the kind of thing you take to nursing homes and hospitals, or for Mother's Day or a retirement party, to include 2 or 3 rooted cuttings of just these kinds of plants. I'm guessing that this particular pot is leftover from one of those occasions, and that inertia brought it to rest in your office one day long ago. Think of it as a golden opportunity to begin learning about houseplants. It's not as hard as you might think. You can do it.
They're only UV-protected if the packaging or the manufacturer specifically says so. Otherwise, not. Since more frost blankets are intended for occasional use, not long-term installation, most of them aren't. If you're basically building a permanent hoop house, purchase UV-protected hoop house/greenhouse material.
Be willing to use herbicide and your task is considerably lessened. It will not give you cancer unless you spray it daily as a career and don't use protective gear. It doesn't poison the soil or kill wildlife, either. https://ask.extension.org/questions/477005
They die at frost, 32F/0C, so if your climate calls for a cold winter, yes, they die after the season is over. If you're in a frost-free climate, then tomatoes, being tropical perennial vines, can theoretically live forever. Google "epcot tomato tree". &gt; they got the Grey Mould Well, diseases. You can't do much about those, but they don't indicate that the season is necessarily over, just that your plants came down with one of the 30 or so bacterial, fungal, or viral diseases that tomatoes can get.
Where are you located? There's no need to protect plants from overnight dew.
It is. Plain old dirt has a clay and silt element to it--a mineral element--that compacts and drains poorly, and so it is not generally used in enclosed containers such as raised beds and planters that restrict where the excess water can go. But what you have there is a flowerbed. It's open to earthworms, pillbugs, birds foraging for bugs, and all the rest of the soil biota, fungus, bacteria, grubs, plus things like voles and field mice, if you have them. It has an ecosystem that containers don't, so it's fine to fill them with plain old dirt, and not expensive potting mix from the garden store. What you generally do with in-ground planting is to refresh the soil nutrients annually. You can either buy things like compost, composted manures, kelp meal, all the meals, and add a few inches of them before planting, spading or tilling them in. Or you can put down a layer of dead leaves in the fall. Or you can plant what are known as cover crops or green manures. Or all of the above. But what you don't do--if I'm understanding your question--is remove all the plain old dirt and substitute new, different, dirt, from a purveyor of some sort, whether landscaper, garden store, nursery, or guy with his phone number hand-printed on placards that say "CLEAN FILL DIRT" thumbtacked to telephone poles around town. You refresh and replenish, not replace. &gt; No soil with nutrients or anything Well, it does actually have some nutrients in it. The only soils that have absolutely no nutrients left would be the clapped-out soils you get when farming grows the same crops over and over again without ever giving anything back. An ordinary home flowerbed, unless you've been growing heavy-feeding veg like tomatoes and squash on it for, like, years without ever adding anything, doesn't normally achieve that state of pure destitution. So you can just spread out a couple inches of compost or aged manure or whatever, and till it under, and then plant things. It will be fine.
The trouble with saying, "I want burgundy flowers" is that burgundy, in flowers that are suitable for cutting and drying, is an uncommon color that usually turns up in a mixture, such as mixed dwarf sunflowers or Unwin dahlias. You'd need to plant an awful lot of them in order to be sure of getting enough perfect burgundy flowers. Another potential issue is that seeds that are billed as "burgundy" aren't always what you and me think of as "burgundy", but are more often shades of dark pink. Example. https://www.panamseed.com/plant_info.aspx?phid=057702323000893 Even allowing for monitor color values, that's more of a pinky color than a true deep burgundy. So you'd spend all summer growing them, only to find out it's not the right color. Then there are the Etsy, eBay, and Amazon third party sellers featuring "burgundy [name of species" which may or may not turn out to be that species, let alone burgundy. So there are potential pitfalls. Pink,yellow, orange, red, and white are a lot easier. where are you located? What is your overall gardening experience? What is the size of the yard or allotment you have to grow these, in terms of square feet or acres? What are your wedding colors?
Just how cold is it outside? If it's 32F or colder, the mint plant will freeze and die, same as it you'd put it in the freezer in the kitchen. Mint survives freezing winters by going dormant. Also, even if it's not 32F, the thermal shock will be very stressful on it, plus won't kill the bugs. You'd need to freeze them, and if you freeze the bugs, you freeze the plant. As soon as the water in the plant cells freezes, it turns to ice crystals, and then ruptures the cell wall membranes. Upon thawing, you have black death. So that's not a solution. &gt;typical remedies ie neem oil, sticky traps with lights to attract them, wiping down the plants to remove the bugs and their eggs, etc, What kind of insecticides have you tried, besides neem? Safers soap, anything with pyrethrins, any systemics?
Cheap bulbs may be had at any Dollar Tree in April/May for summer-flowering bulbs, and in September/October for spring-flowering bulbs. But you get what you pay for. Where are you located and what type of bulb are you looking for?
Those ribs aren't something that usually occurs in hybrid mass market Big Ag tomatoes, because they're an awkward shape for shipping and handling. They're something that tomato producers have spent the last 100 years carefully breeding OUT of the gene pool. Save the seeds, grow it. http://mgsantaclara.ucanr.edu/files/245049.pdf
&gt; 7' fence around the whole area - I live on the edge of a wooded area have have lots of critters (including deer) Deer can jump 7 feet. An effective deer fence has to be at least 8 feet tall. Or a double fence with an alley. https://pss.uvm.edu/ppp/articles/deerfences.html First, before you pay for cedar boxes, why are you doing raised beds in the first place? They're specifically a workaround for horrible soil, so what kind of horrible soil are you working around? &gt;16' x 3' raised beds. The average human can reach 2 feet into a bed from a kneeling position at the side, so beds tend to be 4 feet in width, which allows you to reach the center of the bed from either side.A bed that is 3 feet wide doesn't make the most efficient use of the space you've set aside for a bed. &gt;Is two 16'x3' beds (96 SF total) adiquite for a hobbyist gardener/family of 3? It is enough for a modicum of fun extra veg to supplement what you buy at the grocery store. There are calculators online, generally geared towards the survivalists and disaster preppers, where you can figure how large a garden you'll need to feed a family. Generally it's on the order of a half-acre or so, or a really big McMansion-type yard, at minimum. Picture the kind of big truck garden that Ma Kettle runs down on the farm, where she puts up gallons of pickles and ketchup and picalilli every summer. &gt; would also rather over-build than under-build, because adding beds means adding fence and I'd rather do this one time. Have plenty of room too. The same way that work expands to fill the time available, plants expand to fill the space available. Every time. Every. single. damn. time. Nature abhors a vacuum, and so does the garden hobby. You never have blank space, because as soon as you do, the garden center has a sale... However. If you're doing raised beds, each additional raised bed requires an additional--you don't mention their depth, so I'll use 12" just because the math is easier-- 16 x 3 x 1 = 48 cubic feet of potting mix 16 x 4 x 1 = 64 cubic feet of potting mix For comparison, the big bags of "garden soil" and so forth on the pallets in the Walmart parking lot hold 2 cubic feet. So for every additional "eh, we'll use it" raised bed, you'll need to either tote home a whole bunch of bags from Walmart or Home Depot, or else source another truckload of bulk "garden soil" from a landscaper or garden center. And this is the #1 reason why we don't do raised beds if we can help it, but instead work with the "dirt" i the ground we have, improving and amending it as needed. It's a lot cheaper, and easier. &gt;Any advantage to more smaller beds than less big ones? Example: 4 EA - 8x3 vs 2 EA - 16x3? Not really the most efficient use of the overall space, as you waste a lot of space on walkways between the beds. If you decide you want a 50x50 area devoted to garden, you want to cram as much growing space into it, and the least amount of pathways. &gt;Do I need to anchor or stake the box to the ground? Not unless you're expecting a planetary core meltdown to shift the entire Earth on its axis. Gravity holds it down, gravity + inertia. &gt;I never see this mentioned. Because it's not a thing. &gt;No concerns of it heaving over time? Nope. It's just a four-sided frame of planks sitting on the ground, and, as soil weighs about 75 lbs per cubic foot, the mass of soil inside is going to weigh 4,800 lbs, or over 2 tons. Barring a 10.0 earthquake on the Richter scale to bounce it around, it's not going anywhere. A thing that you DO do is, if you're using long flexible planks, you pound stakes into the ground on the outside at intervals, to prevent the pressure of soil from bowing it outwards and warping it. &gt;Would it be beneficial to coat the inside of the raisied bed with a sealer before filling it? I The reason you're using cedar in the first place is because it weathers by itself, looks nice as it does it, doesn't tend to warp and buckle, and doesn't really need preservatives. Also, even with a sealer, it's never going to be permanent. Being filled with wet soil 24/7/365 doesn't bode well for the lifespan of wood, even cedar.
Raid insect spray contains propellants, emulsifiers, and other inactive ingredients that can potentially damage your plant, plus it will do nothing to eliminate the fungus gnats while filling your home's interior air supply with toxic chemicals for you to inhale. Use Bt, most often as mosquito dunks. Put 1/4 of a tablet in the wtaering can with every watering, and check your watering protocols and overall soil moisture.
Light rays ravel in a straight line, so light rays from LED diodes pointing downwards will travel straight downwards. So tht light can grow whatever plant will fit under it. .
Either overwatered or underwatered. We won't know until you tell us what your watering regimen is.
Where are you located? Peppers, tomatoes, and cukes aren't planted according to frost date, but according to when the soil becomes warm to at least 60F, which is usually several weeks after the frost date. Did you have a specific question?
Balsam impatiens. An old-fashioned favorite, not much grown anymore.
Not if you like broccoli and lettuce. Not if you can get a heater in there for the tomatoes as necessary.
Watering 101: Normally the spaces between soil particles are filled with air--oxygen--which the plant roots need to survive. When you water, it fills up these spaces, but then gravity pulls the water out through the bottom drainage hole. If the spaces between the soil particles remain filled with water for too long, then the fine root hairs begin to die, cut off from oxygen. Since the fine root hairs are the ones responsible for uptaking water from the soil, when they are damaged and die, they are no longer able to uptake water, and the plant wilts. Ironically, the classic symptom of overwatering is a plant that is wilted in wet soil. "Why is it wilted? It has plenty of water!" You water a plant the same way you feed a baby--when it needs it. A baby tells you it needs food by crying. A plant tells you it needs water when you stick your finger into the soil and the soil is dry. You never water a plant on a human, calendar schedule--"Every Monday", "Twice a week"--but only when your finger tells you it needs it. Water only when you stick your finger into the soil and it feels dry about 1/4" to 1/2" to 1" down, depending on the plant species, its size and rate of growth, and the size of the pot. When you water, add enough so it comes out the bottom. Discard this, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. Adding water until it comes out the bottom serves four purposes: 1. It ensures that water reaches the lowest roots. 2. If you always water shallowly and only get the upper levels of soil wet, this encourages the roots to stay in the upper levels of soil, because roots follow the moisture, and the plant never develops deep roots. Thus, in a drought event, the plant has no way to access any deeper reserves of moisture, since its roots are all up in the top. 3. It serves to flush out any accumulated fertilizer or mineral salts. 4. When the lowest part of the soil is wet, it acts as a reserve, sending water molecules up to the top part of the soil as evaporation pulls them from the top surface. If there are no moisture reserves in the bottom of the pot, then that means that the top is going to feel dry more often, and thus it means you're going to be watering more often than you would if you were watering more thoroughly. This has the effect of possibly encouraging mold to grow on top, as you're moistening the top more frequently than you would if you were watering deeply.
A and B. It needs more light than Midwestern "indirect light" but it's putting out new growth anyway, because that it what it does. It needs bright direct sun. It's native to the Mediterranean, think Los Angeles or San Diego, so a dark winter indoors isn't what it's hardwired to expect. But assuming you're planning to put it outdoors for the summer every year, you only need it to stay alive until after your spring frost date. You should probably problem-solve better lighting for future overwintering. It will be set back if it spends every winter in "indirect" indoor light more suitable for a snake plant or peace lily. Lie, two steps forward during the summer, and then one step back during the winter. An ordinary T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight would work, or a couple of 100 watt CFL or LED household bulbs shining directly on it. Or some kind of track lighting or spotlight similar to what you'd do for poted citrus.
They are edible at all stages. Pick them when they are the size and color that you want to eat them at.
I do not know what a heavy crown is. Asparagus plants come as crowns, but as far as I know there is no such thing called a heavy crown. You plant them in the ground in a prepared asparagus bed. https://extension.unh.edu/resource/growing-vegetables-asparagus-fact-sheet
Also talk to /r/cactus
&gt;Could I cover those areas with black plastic now and hope it'll be dead by planting time? Killing plants with shade only works when the plants in question are in active growth. Shading out plants that are dormant accomplishes very little. Killing weeds with shade is normally something that you undertake for a summer. You cover them in the spring, time passes, and in the fall you remove the cardboard or tarp or whatever, and there are all your dead weeds. &gt;Spray something really nasty and hope it doesn't ruin my soil? (is there a soil-sterilization process?) The normal sort of herbicides that are available to the American home consumer do not kill or poison soil. There are ways for the non-home consumer to use terrifyingly powerful chemicals to sterilize soil. If you are growing hundreds of acres of garlic or tomatoes for Big Ag, you have access to these chemicals, plus a pesticide applicator's license and training to allow you to apply them without, at least overtly, killing yourself. But sterilizing your soil and nuking your garden from orbit isn't really the best way to control weeds. First, identify the weed in question. Take pictures of whatever you have out there currently. Fluff it up a little for its photo op if necessary, so it looks like grass, and not just a weedy mat of brown stuff. Then either post the pictures in /r/whatshisplant or else show them to the master gardeners at the extension office. https://extension.psu.edu/county-offices Once you know what it is, you can formulate a battle plan. &gt; Not even the winter could kill it, now its just brown Many perennial weeds, such as dandelions, simply go dormant for the winter, same as your flowers.
Talk to /r/Hotpeppers for cultivar suggestions.
There are a lot of conflicting recipes for C:N ratios the same way here are a lot of conflicting recipes for clam chowder or gumbo. Everyone has a different idea, but within the broad general category, they all work. Eventually. You can do the math if you want, for more precision. http://compost.css.cornell.edu/calc/cn_ratio.html lol. For the rest of us. https://bernalilloextension.nmsu.edu/mastercomposter/compost-mix-calculator.html http://whatcom.wsu.edu/ag/compost/fundamentals/needs_carbon_nitrogen.htm These are all from the extension office, which is as mainstream as it gets. Think of it as the Fannie Farmer Boston Cooking School version of clam chowder or gumbo.
If it's cold enough where you are that your ground is frozen, placing a garlic clove in a pot outdoors will result in a frozen mushy dead garlic clove. It would be the same as putting the pot into the freezer. It needs time in unfrozen soil to establish itself as a standalone plant before it's asked to survive winter outdoors. Do you have a big bright sunny south-facing window, or a T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight?
Long skinny stems reaching for the light means insufficient light. Overcrowded into a single pot probably isn't optimal. I'd unpot all that, and put each one into its own 8 oz styrofoam coffee cup (punch a hole in the bottom for drainage). That's the size they need. Long limp stems also sometimes mean overwatering. How often are you watering, and how are you deciding when to water? Is there a hole in the bottom of the pot?
Insufficient light is the most common reason for leggy seedlings. What is your light source? Whether they're salvageable depends on whether they can stand up by themselves.
Use Imgur, you don't need an account to do so.
Use any commercial insecticidal soap according to the label. It's just soap. Or, if they're just on that single stem, wash them off with your fingers and plain water.
The problem is that in the U.S. "topsoil" is rarely the good black dirt from the top of the soil column, and is more likely to be anything from half-composted "forest products", to clay subsoil from construction projects, to random sweepings from god knows where. If the garden center isn't producing their own topsoil by scraping it off the ground where houses are being built (the usual source), then they're probably buying it from someone else, and that someone else could be producing it from anything. You have no way of knowing. Also, sand can be problematic in beds that include clays or silts, as would be found in topsoil or subsoil, i.e. in actual "dirt" from the ground. The wrong kind of sand, or in the wrong proportions, can combine with those and form an instant,unfixable matrix like concrete. also, aged manure isn't really a foundational component for soils. It's more of a nutritious amendment, like fish meal or kelp meal. So they have, not surprisingly, given their cheap stuff the more glamorous name. "Supersoil! Yay!" I'd go with #1.
&gt; They are grown in a type of nutritious soil or compost, im not sure. When you planted the seeds, what did you use as potting soil?
One more vote here for the glass Mason jar. You don't need to buy a special lid. We made a lid out of a square of clean plastic window screening and a rubber band. Soil is not required to grow micro greens, nor is a kit from Amazon. Order your broccoli and radish seeds in bulk by the pound from a mainstream vendor like Burpee or Johnny's, unless you are an Amazon prime member and can get deals on shipping. Sunflower seeds are easily available in the bird feed aisle at Walmart.
If you're that far south, and warm, there's no need to start them indoors. If you're in a frost-free climate, you can plant everything outdoors. This removes the necessity for buying powerful grow lights for indoor growing. You can't start them on a windowsill, it's not bright enough.
It's not clear to me what kind of damage you are incurring. Generally you wait to see what kind of damage they are causing, and then you address that. Short of putting a rabbit proof fence around your entire property line, you can't really exclude rabbits altogether. So you wait to see what happens, and then address it.
Anything you can grow in the ground, you can grow in a bucket (other than trees, vines, shrubs, and perennials, which tend to have special overwintering needs in cold-winter climates). What you want is known variously as container, patio, urban, and balcony gardening. http://urbanext.illinois.edu/containergardening/ http://www.organicgardening.com/learn-and-grow/container-gardening http://containergardening.about.com/ Any container that you can punch, drill, cut, melt, slice, or poke a hole in the bottom of can be a pot. Tupperware, Sterilite and Rubbermaid totes, 5 gallon buckets, mop pails, styrofoam coffee cups, Solo cups, dixie cups, 2-liters and 20 oz with the tops cut off, gallon water or milk jugs, 1 and 2-quart milk cartons, plastic Folgers containers, yogurt and cottage cheese containers, soup and other cans (watch the sharp top edge, you can fold it down with a pair of pliers), margarine and Cool Whip and all the various "spread" tubs...you are only limited by your imagination and skills with a drill, exacto knife, or red-hot steel BBQ skewer (be wary of fumes). Thrift stores and rummage sales are excellent places to look. Be cautious about loading up a balcony with plants, as soil can weigh 75 lbs per cubic foot, so a 4x2x2 planter can weigh over half a ton. Not all balconies are designed to hold that. You can overwinter perennial herbs like basil and mint indoors if you have artificial lights. Ordinary T5 or T8 fluorescent shop lights work fine. If you simply leave their pots out on the balcony all winter, they may not survive the winter. More herbs are killed by overwatering than anything else. Water only when the soil feels dry to her particular depth, and enough water so comes out the bottom hole, and discard this excess immediately, never allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it.
Most garden vegetables require a minimum of six hours a day of direct sun, unobstructed by trees or buildings. A space that is about 50-50 shade will grow vegetables in the half that is not shaded. However, the intense sun of Florida can make shade brighter, so sometimes you can grow things in the dappled shade under trees. It depends a lot on what they are, and what kind of shade it is. Generally speaking, even very young toddlers can understand that a particular patch of backyard marked off by even the small cheap white wire fences you get at Dollar Tree is the garden, it is not a play area. There generally isn't a need to fence off your plot with chicken wire.
Talk to the master gardeners at the county extension office to see if they will survive your winters above ground in a planter. https://extension.usu.edu/locations
&gt;will be growing in a raised garden box If your raised garden box is a planter that is up on legs, you shouldn't have a problem. Or do you mean a raised bed, which is a bottomless frame that rests directly on the native "dirt", which you then fill in with potting mix?
Depends on what they are, and what kind of indoor lighting you have available.
One more vote here for putting cage over it. Get some ordinary welded wire backyard fencing or poultry fencing, make a cylinder, stand it up. You can fasten it to a couple of stakes in the ground if it keeps getting knocked over. You can use the welded wire backyard fencing to build an actual box or cube, and stand it up over the patch. Use J clips to hold the sides together, not twisted wire pieces, which are sharp and stabby for kitty faces. J clips are the things you use to build rabbit hutches with.
These are growing in the ground? Or in containers? Where are you located?
The only light you need to start seeds is a T8 fluorescent shop light. You do not need a tent. You do not need cannabis lights. You want to avoid the $29 Amazon desk lamp LED purple grow lights, as they aren't bright enough. Start out with the tubes 2 inches above the seedlings, and move the fixture up or the plants down to maintain that distance.
If you don't have that many clumps, you can cover them at bedtime with cloches, frost blanket, or whatever.
Information about how you've been caring for it is required. Soil, watering, fertilizing, light.
What is the nature of the composter? Is it a plastic bin, a tumbler on a stand, is it a three deck wooden composter? Is it a circle of chicken wire? Pictures would be helpful. If it looks like finished compost, you can certainly use it. Finished compost is brown, crumbly, and bears no resemblance to anything that went into it. If you can still see leaves, twigs, banana peels, grass clippings, or coffee grounds etc. then it still isn't finished, and you can't use it as soil. If it's finished, then congratulations, you moved into a rental property that has a pot of gold buried in the backyard that your landlord doesn't care about.
&gt;I have also been moving it in front of the window for better sunlight during the afternoons Is this hot, bright, direct afternoon sunlight? Peace lily doesn't want bright direct hot sunlight at all. It will scorch. It's one of the pre-eminent low-to-medium light houseplant species, one of the things you can grow in an office cubicle or reception area without a window. Mall food court, dentist office waiting room, they all have a peace lily. Also, every time you take it from a place of low light into bright sunlight, it's not acclimated to it, so it suffers even more. And every time you change the lighting on a plant, it needs time to accustom itself, which causes stress. Find a place for it in medium light and then leave it there. Make sure you're only watering when it's dry about 1" down. Stick your finger into the soil and feel it. Add enough so it comes out the bottom hole, and discard this excess immediately. Don't allow it to sit in it and reabsorb it.
Touch base with the Master Gardeners at the county extension office, they'll have schedules. https://ucanr.edu/sites/anrstaff/Cooperative_Extension/ Cutting off flowering branches doesn't hurt the bees. When they show up the next day and find their food source missing, they simply shrug and go look for another one. There are scout bees going back and forth all the time, looking for newfood sources. If you prune flowering branches during the day when the bees are active, they just shrug and move out of the way of the large object disturbing them, unless you disturb them too much, in which case you may get stung. Move slowly, and don't swat at them, it only makes things worse. You get this when you're deadheading flowers in the flower border, too. Bees are out, they just move out of your way. It's no biggie.
It depends on where you're located, and just how hot the sunlight is. Las Vegas and Phoenix are different from Chicago and Seattle.
Well, the straw or whatever needs to be wet eventually, or at least moist, since the bacteria that do the composting can't exist in totally dry habitat.
Generally speaking, grapevines and fruit tree and blueberries all get pruned once a year in the late winter or early spring, and then you're done for the year. There are books at the library, Youtubes, and if you're in the U.S., your local county extension office will have handouts and personal expert advice. You only need to look it up once for each species, and then it's just a question of carrying it out. Perennial flowers need very little done to them, other than watering during a drought, and maybe renewing their mulch once every other year, depending on climate and type of mulch. What species are they? Veggie beds tend to be the most time-consuming due to the regular tasks like weeding, thinning, and harvesting. What are you growing? Where are you located? It's all do-able, it's just a question of getting a handle on it.
Put the tiny one in the middle on an upside down clay flowerpot, so it's in the light more.
It only blooms for one (1) week out of the year and out of that week, it's really only at its peak for a couple of days. Then it sits there with tiny dead brown flowers. I kicked mine out of the yard after a while, got tired of looking at dead brown tiny crispy flowers all summer. People have it all over town where I am, in their shrub borders alongside the house, or in the backyard. I guess they don't mind that it's only a week of bloom.
Stand a trellis up against the roof, and grow a vine up the trellis, but try to discourage it from sprawling out over the roof. Generally, as a homeowner/property owner, you want to avoid having vines growing on the roof, for the same reasons of moisture retention and rot. https://web.extension.illinois.edu/vines/buildings.cfm
Buy them in September at the garden center or Walmart. Stand on your lawn, and toss them gently around on the grass, randomly. Use a trowel to plant them where they land. After they bloom in spring, don't mow the lawn until their foliage has had a chance to mature and die back naturally. This requirement will usually dictate where you toss the bulbs. They require no care as such, other than making sure you don't mow down their foliage.
That's enough compost. I'm not seeing why rooting medium needs to be nutrient-free. You don't do that with any other cuttings, like pothos or African violets. In fact, you start feeding them as soon as it's clear they've struck roots.
I've been starting seeds indoors since 1986 and I have yet to use a little plastic greenhouse. Seedlings just don't need that much humidity, and actually, high humidity can contribute to fungal diseases such as damping off. The the little plastic greenhouses and the clear plastic domes and all of those things just aren't necessary, unless you live in the high desert and your indoor humidity is less than, say, 10%. I use 8 oz. Styrofoam coffee cups for seed starting. Poke a hole in the bottom with a pencil, use a sharpie marker to write on the side what's in it. Being Styrofoam, they will last for hundreds of years as long as you don't crack them. I still have cups that I started using in the late 1980s.
I see. When watering things in the ground, you plunge a trowel into the ground to see how far down the water reached. Then you make a note of how much water you poured on, in order for the water to reach that far.
Ok. We do get enthusiasts in here, "Hai guys, I wanna build a terrace!" with wildly unrealistic expectations brought about mostly by Google Images.
&gt; it’s the kind that sends out runners underground all over the place, even very deep This could describe virtually any species of common turfgrass lawn. Ordinary Kentucky bluegrass lawns are especially pernicious in sending runners into flowerbeds next to the lawn. Weed control begins with identification. You can either post pictures of it to/r/whatsthisplant or else consult a local extension office master gardeners. https://extension.osu.edu/lao Once you know what the species of weed, then you can formulate a battle plan.
Yes. If they start eating the tops, too, all you can do is put a hat or cage over the tops. Or drape poultry netting over the plants.
Which direction does the window face? Just how far north are you? Above the Arctic Circle? Are you able to get the plant right up next to the glass, or at least on the windowsill or in a plant hanger? Does frost form on the inside of the glass? Does it need to be a pothos? Or just basically any plant? &gt;Lights are about 1.25 m above the counter Ceiling lights are too far away to grow most plants really well, plus you'd need to have the light turned on all day every day, which goes contrary to most people's kitchen practices. I turn off my kitchen lights when I'm done in there, and I assume you do, too. You can grow one of the short list of low-light office cubicle plants (snake plant, peace lily, any of the dracaenas, aspidistra), but only if you have standard overhead fluorescents that are turned on Mon-Fri 9-5. &gt;I know natural light is the best Not really. Plants don't care whether the light photons striking their photosynthesizing cells came from a burning star 93 million miles away or from a light bulb made in China. Light is light. The thing about natural light is, it's *free*. You don't have to buy it, or pay to use it. Set the plant in it, boom, you're in business. So if your kitchen window is viable at all, I'd go with that. &gt;we plan to move it into the sun on good days Every time the light exposure on a plant changes, it causes stress. So you generally pick a spot, and leave it there.
Are you renting, or do you own the yard? Where are you located? Where were you thinking of planting something? In the 12" long space between the two shrubs?
Where are you located?
A clematis in a container won't survive outdoors in your winters. Once the root ball freezes, the wind strips moisture from it, basically freeze-drying it. It dies from dehydration. So you'd need to make plans to overwinter it, either by sinking the pot in the ground up to the rim in a sheltered location, and mulching over the top of it with a foot of loose straw, or else by placing the pot in an unheated garage once it goes dormant, checking moisture levels peridically during the winter. If this plant is a vine on a trellis, that's going to be awkward. Probably Method B would be less awkward, if you could get a helper to pick up the trellis and move it along with the plant. So moisture levels over the summer don't really signify, as clematis in containers aren't really a good option. Water gels or diaper fluff, or an outright drip irrigation system, work better to keep outdoor containers hydrated than wicking, which can get clogged with algae and fungus.
Market forces. Most people who want to buy a jasmine want to buy an existing plant ready to bloom. They don't want to spend a couple of years growing it from seed. So, because there's no market for it, they don't sell.
Ohh, I thought you were saying the beans and root veggies were in sets. The Master Gardeners will have planting schedules for all of that. If you want the onion sets for scallions, they come up really fast from sets.
No, it will not be enough. Your frost free tropical climate is too warm to grow daffodils. They require a winter chill period of about 16 weeks below 40F/4C. You climate doesn't get cold enough for long enough. This is the same reason why you can't grow daffodils in South Florida, such as in Miami. You can, however, forced daffodil bulbs in the refrigerator. https://www.whiteflowerfarm.com/blog/index.php/2017/11/21/forcing-bulbs-its-easier-than-you-think/ However, daffodil bulbs are not sold in your country. This is because they cannot be grown there, so there is no market for them.
&gt;Looking for low maintenance suggestions Plant whatever you like, but mulch it all heavily. Lay down at least 4" of shredded bark or something similar. This will cut down on weeding and watering. Avoid things that need repeated thinning: lettuce, carrots, etc. Avoid things that are problem children: cole crops and little green worms, spinach and leaf miners,cilantro and hot weather. Best set-it-and-forget-it veg: 1. Tomatoes from Bonnie Plants at the garden center, caged in a concrete reinforcing wire cage. No pruning or training. Instructions for building available upon request. 2. Cukes direct from seed, up a trellis. 3. Bush zukes direct from seed, with plenty of space. Allow a 4 foot footprint for each plant. You can space the stems more closely when planting the seeds, but do keep in mind that the huge leaf petioles are going to spread that much. And encase them in floating row cover material when first planted, for squash vine borer. Hold it down to the ground all the way around by heaping soil on the edges. If she can't get in, she can't lay eggs.
I'm not really understanding what your question is. What is it you're wanting to do? I'm hearing that you want to grow some flowers in a 6x6 plot in the ground in a rental property which you will be leaving by December 31,and you want flowers that will continue in bloom up until that date. Is this the gist of it? Where are you located?
Are herbicides an option for you? Where are you located?
&gt; it is quite unusual to plant carrots at the end of summer instead of spring &gt;You should do fine to plant in spring at the normal time for your area In a zone 9b somewhere? Whether SoCal, AZ, TX, or FL, I'd say a fall-winter crop is going to work better. September IS the normal planting time for their area.
Its usefulness depends on where you're located. In a cold-winter climate, starting tomatoes inside a small greenhouse will require a heater. &gt;for some of the longer-season plants (e.g. tomatoes), I'd have to start them in pots a couple of months before planting All plants that you start from seed need at least a period of many weeks before they're ready to be planted outside as seedlings. And actually, tomatoes tend to be on the short-term end of the scale, being ready in 6 weeks, as opposed to peppers and broccoli needing closer to 8 to 10 weeks.
What kind of fertilizer are you adding? Both those potting mixes are usually 100% nutrient-free, being composed of peat moss and perlite, unless the bag says "feeds for 3 months" on the label.
You have to get rid of the grass. That's their habitat. As long as that habitat is there, the wild animals that live in that type of habitat are going to be there, and they are going to exploit your nice warm house every winter. &gt; I don't want to have bare landscaping. Replace the grass with other landscaping. What is the nature of the "wild grass"? Is it what we in the gardening trade would call "weeds"? Is it pasture grass, is it hay, is it overgrown lawn grass? Is it technically on a neighbor's property? How large a plot is it, in terms of square feet? Dimensions? Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell anything about climate. Where are you located? Is this a rental property, or does your boyfriend own the house?
Just a little nip, it'll be fine. All the damage that is going to be done has already been done. If it was going to freeze harder and worse, it would have already done so. Don't cut off the leaf, don't try to trim it. Just leave it alone.
&gt; The beet was already getting out of the grown, leaves decaying, I don't understand what "leaves decaying" means. 30 to 60 days is average time to grow small, tender beets. They're ping-pong-balls at 30 to 45 days, and as long as your weather holds at cool and moist, and as long as they aren't too crowded, they will continue to enlarge. However, if your weather turns hot, they will start to get woody and unpleasant as they grow bigger. The extremely large beets you see at the grocery store, especially the new "golden beets", are grown in a SoCal or Mexican climate that holds at cool and moist, so the beets can get larger without getting woody. &gt;the tomatoes was bright red, What cultivar or variety of tomato did you use? What was the name on the seed packet? How tall was the tomato plant when it began to bear fruit? You grew it from seed? I'm not understanding why you're considering that the tomato wasn't a success. Because the fruit was very small? &gt;lettuce was almost starting to produce flowers. Lettuce bolts in hot weather, and also in conditions of chronic drought. &gt; Compost was made with left veggies, used soil, leaves, roots, Describe your composting setup. Are you doing a bin, a tumbler, a pile in the backyard, bokashi? &gt;there is almost no worms (I don't know why) There aren't always supposed to be worms in composting. So your only nutrients are your homemade compost, and some potting soil and commercial vermicompost? Where are you located? You're growing these in containers outdoors on a balcony or patio, correct?
Are you dealing with a deer problem, or making a craft?
Where are you located? Are you renting, or do you own the yard? What did you want to grow? Books are a better and more reliable source than random Youtubes. Read either the Dummies or Idiots guide for a basic orientation, no offense, that's just what they're called.
They're basically a raspberry of a slightly different berry shape. Just grow some raspberries.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it tells nothing about climate. Where are you located? Long Island and Atlanta are both zone 7.
Get an ID on it from /r/whatsthisplant If it's invasive multiflora rose, that's one thing. If it's just an overenthusiastic shrub rose or rootstock like Dr. Huey, that's another. All roses can carry infections to other roses. I'm not understanding the question. Mulch your astilbe and daisies. Cut down the grass to ground level, then lay flattened cardboard on top of it. Cut collars to fit around the daisies and astilbe. Then dump 3" to 4" of something like shredded bark or wood chips on top.
That's not really a thing with roses AFAIK, but then I'm not growing a garden full of expensive prizewinning ARS cultivars hoping to win ribbons at the state fair. Grass: is it lawn grass, or a weed like crabgrass or goose grass? If it's lawn grass coming over, install a buried border like pavers or bricks, and then just keep picking out what's stranded on the wrong side of the border until it goes away. If it's annual weed grass like crabgrass, use a pre-emergent every spring in a timely fasion. Also, keeping them mulched can help, as crabgrass requires light to germinate, so if its seeds are buried under mulch, it's not coming back.
It's a common misconception that organic fertilizers won't burn, and so you can use as much as you like. They're still concentrated versions of the NPK, and so yes, they can burn. Milorganite themselves recommend &gt;*13 ½ cups) of Milorganite per 50 sq ft of garden. Work it in to a the rooting depth of the plants you’ll be growing.* If you just sprinkled it around lavishly as a layer on top, without measuring and without working it into the soil, which would have the effect of distributing it more widely, yes, they can be overfertilized. Also note that the analysis of milorganite is 6-4-0, so there's a blatant shortage of potassium in it. If you're going to add anything, add something with high K, which would be kelp or seaweed, either dried or liquid. https://www.milorganite.com/blog/fruits-vegetables/fertilizing-vegetables#:~:text=Milorganite%20is%20a%20safe%2C%20slow,50%20sq%20ft%20of%20garden. Note the disclaimer, "Milorganite is a safe, slow-release fertilizer you can use on all your vegetables and flowers when used as directed." When used as directed.
You can also talk to /r/succulents about growing cactus. I think it's overall a busier subreddit than the two "official" cactus subs, and the growing conditions for the two kinds of plants are the same.
Continual removal of the nest by knocking it down with a big stick will usually discourage them from rebuilding after a few repetitions. Or you can use a can of 20 foot hornet-killer spray.
It contains no nutrients, it's just water.
Yeah, just go through and give it a haircut. Note that you don't want to remove more than 1/3 of a grass stem at any one time. so clip it short in increments, giving it a week to recover in between. If it's a turfgrass species like Kentucky bluegrass, periodically cutting it back makes it grow even better. It co-evolved with grazing herbivores, which is what makes it a good species for lawns.
I'm not understanding the setup. Are you saying that you want to plant things on top of the peonies? What does the surrounding boxwood hedge have to do with it? Pictures of the area would be helpful. Where are you located?
When you water, add enough so it comes out the bottom. Discard this, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. Adding water until it comes out the bottom serves three purposes: First, it ensures that water reaches the lowest roots. Second if you always water shallowly and only get the upper levels of soil wet, this encourages the roots to stay in the upper levels of soil, because roots follow the moisture, and the plant never develops deep roots. Thus, in a drought event, such as when you forget to water it, the plant has no way to access any deeper reserves of moisture, since its roots are all up in the top. Third, it serves to flush out any accumulated fertilizer or mineral salts.
Indoors, for perennials such as peonies, you'd need the lighting equivalent of a cannabis grow room, plus a way to control the climate to give them the winter dormancy period they require. There are flowering houseplants that will grow in an east window. African violets and other gesneriads, Phalaenopsis "Just Add Ice" orchids, other types of orchids but those are the easiest for beginners.
Cukes are ugly but sturdy. I see a new leaf coming. Just let it alone. Don't cut off the ugly leaves to "tidy up". They're the photosynthesis factory that drives the whole enterprise. The plant will jettison them when they're no longer useful by turning them brown and crispy. Be aware that your potting mix is highly susceptible to overwatering, so watch your watering protocols, and only water when it actually needs it as determined by finger, not when you feel like it must need watering or on a schedule.
Pictures would be helpful. I'm not able to visualize the problem.
Bt needs to be used proactively, before you see them. They have to eat the leaf it's sprayed on, and then they have to get sick. If you're expecting caterpillar problems, start spraying regularly as soon as you set out your transplants.
"Bagged mulch" just means "mulch that is in bags". Cocoa bean hulls, wood chips, shredded bark, and shredded rubber all come in bags. You distinguish them by what they are, and by how they behave in a bed. Wood chips are pieces of wood that are chopped into bits of varying sizes. They can be large chunks of wood, or they can look like a sheet of disassembled plywood, if it was just a pile of fragments. Shredded bark is the actual bark from trees, from lumbering operations. The label will say if it's "bark". IME bark mulches tend to lie flatter and not hop and jump around like wood chips.
Moving a clematis that is attached to a trellis, can result in pulling the plant away from the roots, which is death. If you drop the trellis or the pot, the two halves of the plant part company, and it's not fixable. You want to un-attach it if possible. If not possible, wait until it's time for a full cut-back pruning, then cut it back and move it.This will depend on what type of clematis it is. https://www.finegardening.com/article/pruning-clematis If you can get it off the trellis now, then yes, you can move it. Try to keep the root ball as undisturbed as possible, and dig a hole that's the same size, so ideally you just pick it up from one hole and put it down in the new one, with no disturbance. Do not loosen, cut, prune, or shake off the dirt from the roots. Water it the day before you're going to move it. Try to move it on a cool, overcast day. Give it some shade for a week afterwards. An upside-down laundry basket works well. It allows air circulation, plus some ambient light. Metal trellising doesn't usually get too hot unless you're in someplace like Las Vegas or Phoenix. Normally it's covered by foliage during the heat of the summer.
5 to 7 feet. https://greencoverseed.com/product/1073/#:~:text=With%20such%20a%20pronounced%20tap,large%20reserves%20of%20soil%20moisture. Sunflowers grow a massive taproot that ordinarily counter-balances the tall stalk. People grow entire fields of them, and you can't stake an entire field of oil-seed sunflowers. Burpee thinks you should stake the more deco varieties, the branching ones, since they can be brittle at the branchings, and they want you to be happy, satisfied customers and buy more seeds from them next year. Also, if you have very loose, sandy soil, they may topple over from the weight of the seed head. Growing them in Illinois clay loam, "falling over" isn't usually a problem.
&gt; There has not been any fertilizer added to the soil of this tomato plant Tomatoes are heavy feeders, and are generally fed at least once a month during the growing season. Lots of tiny round holes on tomatoes are usually caused by flea beetles, which are tiny black beetles that hop around, hence the name. They aren't usually a problem for large well-grown plants, just to tiny seedlings that can't afford the loss of photosynthesizing leaf area.
Why are you watering it daily? How are you deciding when to water it? &gt; it's in a container, so doesn't get waterlogged. Normally the spaces between soil particles are filled with air--oxygen--which the plant roots need to survive. When you water, it fills up these spaces, but then gravity pulls the water out through the bottom drainage hole. If the spaces between the soil particles remain filled with water for too long, then the fine root hairs begin to die, cut off from oxygen. Since the fine root hairs are the ones responsible for uptaking water from the soil, when they are damaged and die, they are no longer able to uptake water, and the plant wilts. Ironically, the classic symptom of overwatering is a plant that is wilted in wet soil. "Why is it wilted? It has plenty of water!" You water a plant the same way you feed a baby--when it needs it. A baby tells you it needs food by crying. A plant tells you it needs water when you stick your finger into the soil and the soil is dry. You never water a plant on a human, calendar schedule--"Every Monday", "Twice a week"--but only when your finger tells you it needs it. So the soil may not appear to be waterlogged to you, but if the air spaces are continually filled with water, it's going to rot. &gt;my potatoes in the bed are doing fine Containers need even better drainage than in-ground beds. This is because in the ground, excess water can spread out in all directions. But in a container, there's only one direction for it to go--downward. And thus good drainage, meaning porous fast-draining soil, is even more important in containers. &gt;8 inches of dirt So what kind of soil did you use in the pot?
It looks scraggly like an ailanthus, is the thing. Young walnut saplings tend to have a more put-together look. I have ailanthus in my 'hood up and down the alleys and rental property backyards. I'm always having to cut it out of flowerbeds. The dead giveaway is the stink. It blooms in early to mid-summer, and for me that's any day now. You don't always see the flowers unless you really look, but lord you can smell it.
Late summer, August for me. Depends on where you are. You have German or bearded iris, rhizomatous. https://extension.illinois.edu/blogs/extensions-greatest-hits/2000-07-22-time-divide-iris#:~:text=The%20best%20time%20to%20plant,every%20three%20to%20five%20years.
Tomatoes pollinate themselves. The slightest movement of the air as the breeze goes past is sufficient to do the job. People enjoy tickling their tomatoes with an electric toothbrush, but it's not necessary. So there's no particular "right" time to begin. Whenever you feel like it. &gt;I remember my plants being quite large and I had so many tomatoes that I had to give them away and make sauce to freeze. This is how tomatoes normally roll, even without an electric toothbrush in the picture. People who stick a couple tomato plants in the backyard, give them a cage and some tomato food every so often, and otherwise ignore them, need to resort to sneaking into the breakroom at work and leaving anonymous bags of tomatoes on the table. This is how my tomatoes have rolled, sans dental appliances, since 1986. This is how my dad's tomatoes rolled from 1959 to a couple years ago when he died. Not to detract from your success, but it wasn't necessarily the toothbrush. You can if you want to, it's a free country, and whatever floats your boat, but you don't need to. So don't make yourself crazy trying to determine the "correct" time to start, because there isn't one.
I don't have the background to know what sort of creature, if any, could survive the process of being run through a commercial goji-berry dehydrator while in some kind of encysted or egg stage. My assumption would be that the process of heat dehydration destroys any human parasites. The dried goji berry industry wouldn't be where it is today if you could catch ghastly parasites from the product. &gt;The "worm" things were originally on the seeds themselves In the package, the plastic packet or tub or whatever you purchased them in? There were tiny red thread-like worms on the seeds when you removed them from the dried berries and then planted them?
Okay, fair enough. We get a certain number of people in the subreddit who see that their lettuce is eaten, and instantly assume that a particular perp must have eaten it, but without any actual evidence. Local knowledge is the clincher. If local gardeners know this is probably your perp, then I'd go with that. So, what do they say to do about it? What does everyone else do? Because it's not really a Thing where I am, so all I can do is look up extenson office articles for you. https://hgic.clemson.edu/factsheet/mole-cricket-management-in-turfgrass/ https://extension.uga.edu/publications/detail.html?number=C918&amp;title=Mole%20Crickets%20in%20Turf
Yes.
One of my best tools is an old serrated knife, perfect for sawing through juicy pokeweed stems that are too big around for the loppers.
What are the dimensions of the bed? Does it have a wooden frame surrounding it? Or is it a big pile of soil, with nothing around it? Where are you located?
For both the cukes and beans, that's a response to cold. Overnight lows really need to be at least 60F/15C for them to be happy. It's also about soil temperature, too, not just air temperature. They need warm soil of at least 60F/15C. The old-fashioned way to tell is if you'd be comfortable sitting on the dirt bareass. https://garden.org/apps/calendar/?q=Calgary%2C+AB I'd probably be looking into row covers at the very least. You can also do interesting things with black plastic, and Wall O Waters. The tomatoes are doing better because they're not being asked to germinate as seeds in cold soil. You set them out as transplants, so they may not be growing as fast as they would further south, and warmer, but at least they're not huddling together in terror. Beans and cukes are both so warm-soil-oriented, they come booming out of the ground once the weather warms up, but in cold soil, they just sit there. At least they didn't simply rot in the ground. So give them some cloches, even just the tops of clear plastic 2-liters cut off. Root veg like carrots and beets (I assume) and potatoes are all cool-season crops, and don't mind the cold soil and temps. There is a substantial Alberta gardening presence on the Web and on Youtube.
Well, what you said was: &gt;guidance on how to grow my own from their seeds. So I was advising you not to try to start from seeds. If you're a renter growing things in buckets, if you want to take them with you, they need to be portable, not permanently attached to a fence or trellis.
Sevin doesn't work on slugs or caterpillars, and is highly toxic to all your beneficials that come in contact with it. It's basically handling a slight case of teenage vandalism by nuking that quadrant of the city from orbit. Harden off the basil, now that it has come inside,and put it back outdoors in the sun. The higher light levels will help it to outpace whatever slug was snacking on it.
Did the friend just now dig them up out of his yard? Or did he buy them somewhere? If you buy them from a vendor or online, in Illinois they're generally in the category of fall-planted bulbs, like tulips and daffodils. But if your friend just now dug them up, you might as well plant them back, as opposed to trying to store them all summer. That way you don't forget that you own them. If he hadn't dug them up, they'd still be in the ground anyway. Or you can just store them in a paper bag in a cool, dry place. Not in a hot garage, not in the fridge. Ugly link, good page. http://www.missouribotanicalgarden.org/PlantFinder/PlantFinderDetails.aspx?kempercode=c535#:~:text=Winter%20hardy%20to%20USDA%20Zones,neck%20of%20each%20bulb%20exposed.
Doing it indoors with potting mix seed-starter and a small pot gives you total control over conditions and eliminates the randomness of bugs, weather, and other things.
No. And no. Unless you want to get into bonsai. What goes into a 4x4 space is a small shrub.
Or buy a plant at the garden center.
Always leave asparagus ferns. Those are the photosynthesis factory socking away carbs for next year's harvest.
Mock strawberries grow and turn red the same as wild strawberries, but mock strawberries don't taste like much of anything at all to human taste buds.
That's a cheap LED desk lamp more suitable for small houseplants, not the bright light that seedlings need.
Ok. You're not trying to start a farmers market business or something. Tomatoes, bush zukes, cucumbers, and pole beans are the star performers, but they all need warmth, and may not as do well in the cool and rainy UK as they do in the hot and humid U.S. Midwest. Green or garden peas and cut-and-come-again greens of all types are good in cooler summers. Also, succession planting, where you sow an additional row or two every two weeks, is a standard technique for keeping the harvest coming. This works well for bush-type green or snap beans, and for greens like spinach.
K. For next time, make up an Imgur album instead of posting separate pix, it's more efficient. Where are you located? I'm not seeing horrible damage. I'm seeing a collection of normal dings, cuts, scrapes, blotches, and maybe some burnt edges. Without information about how you've been caring for them, we can't begin to guess. Soil, watering, fertilizing, light, weather. Pictures of the entire plants, and the entire bed, are more helpful than closeups of dings, cuts, scrapes, blotches, and burnt edges.
Gosh. Where I am, wisteria is usually a royal PITA that nobody ever worries about damaging somehow. Going to redo the entire backyard with excavators and bulldozers? Fine, evacuate the daylilies and the hostas and build a fence around the roses. But the wisteria? Meh, it'll be okay. If you live in a climate or location where--impossible though it seems--wisteria is a scarce and coddled treasure from foreign lands, I'd be more careful. Otherwise, I'd just whale away. &gt;build a little brick planter around the wisteria. Ahahahahaha! Hannibal Lecter in fluffy bunny slippers. :D
Ask you about what?
&gt;How do you repot an old clivia into a smaller pot? Divide it. &gt;Is it safe to rinse the roots off Rinsing the soil off the roots is a thing that is never done. It delivers a massive shock to the roots, dislodging the fine root hairs from their grip on soil particles, and plants treated this way can die. You always want to preserve any root ball as intact as possible during repotting and dividing. Don't shake off the excess soil, either. Just cut it up, and put the division you're keeping into the new pot. https://wimastergardener.org/article/clivia/ " well-drained, humus-rich" So she can add a handful of perlite for aeration, but not to the extent of cactus or succulent soil.
Put some slug and snail bait pellets around.
The remnant of oil in it is going to oxidize over time, and they will become extremely sticky and gummy. If you've ever had a jug of cooking oil that you kept in the kitchen cupboard, and the bottom got sticky over time, and then the cupboard floor got sticky, that's this oxidation. Rinsing them out with powerful detergents is problematic because plastics can soak up chemicals, and be nearly impossible to cleanse completely. So you can use them for a while, but I'd get the sprayer fixed ASAP. Not a dumb question. I am filled with admiration at someone who is proposing to water an acre of pumpkins, one 3-gallon jug at a time. Godspeed, John Glenn.
You must really love pumpkins, is all I can say.
Try in /r/whatsthisplant
&gt; h a medium to low clay soil should be in that weight range Dirt from the ground that you shovel up doesn't go into containers, planters, or raised beds. Its clay and silt element compacts and drains poorly. It also brings along a constellation of hitchhikers in the form of the soil biota--worms, ants, other bugs, fungi, weed seeds. What goes into containers is artificial potting mix or potting "soil". The rule of thumb that "soil weighs about 75 lbs per cubic foot" is an average of soils, it's not a scientific measurement like when you're calculating baking powder for a cake mix. Potting mixes tend to be made of lightweight peat moss, but once it's thoroughly wet, the water adds significant weight. So the "75 lbs" isn't "75 lbs" like when you're calculating tow weight for a trailer hitch and a travel trailer, it's more like calculating whether a child of a certain size is big enough for the trampoline. So doing engineering calculations isn't necessary. All you need is the basic concept that "wet soil is heavy", no matter what it's composed of. Then you take that into consideration in your plans. I'd look at other plans that people have come up with. There's no need to reinvent the wheel, there are dozens of plans online, many of them free, to build what you have in mind. And all of them have in common that they make allowances for the fact that "soil is heavy", and they don't design something like, say, a model HO train set sheet of plywood up on sawhorses, with sides, and then try to fill that unsupported structure with soil and plants. There's an existing unspoken consensus out there, of what size and shape works well for planters.
Then I'm not understanding what you're trying to do. Why do you want it in a smaller pot?
Buy a trowel--a small "hand shovel"--and stick it into the ground in the center of the yard. See how far down the soil feels moist to your fingers. Push the slot closed with your hands afterwards. Perform this check once a week. If it's not moist to the requisite depth, then run the sprinkler. Don't stand there with the hose and squirt it randomly around the yard for a couple minutes. That does nothing but water the crabgrass. Set up the sprinkler in the yard, and put a clean empty tuna fish can in the center of the sprinkler pattern. Run the sprinkler until the can is full of water. This is your 1" of water. There are also complicated formulas online for how many gallons of water to add to equal an inch, but they make my head hurt. It's easier to set up the tunafish can, turn on the sprinkler, and go back in the house. Note that in the Chicago area, where lawns are 99% comprised of Kentucky bluegrass mixes, it's 100% normal for it to go brown and crispy during July and August. Summer dormancy is a normal part of the bluegrass turfgrass life cycle if it's not watered regularly. And sometimes even if you do water it, it still goes brown and dormant. So if you look out there one day this summer and observe that it's going brown and crispy, **DON'T PANIC.** Don't rush out there and start pouring gallons of water on it, because once an Illinois turfgrass lawn has decided that it's time for summer vacation, watering it doesn't always bring it back. What you do is sit tight, sit on your hands, and do nothing. Don't rush around with aerators and fertilizers and fungal treatments and whatnot. It will be back, guarantee it, once September rolls around and the weather cools off, and the fall rains (such as they are) begin. Born and raised in Illinois, lived here for 65 years and gardened my own yard for 34 of them, and this is how lawns roll. Summer grass is brown and crispy. You get so you don't even notice it.
You can't tell from the fruit, only from the flowers. Wild strawberries have a white flower. Mock strawberries, a weed with an insipid, flavorless, lookalike fruit, have a yellow flower. So, white flower, congrats. Yellow flower, begin a program of trying to remove the runners from your beds and lawn.
Sadly, no, not really. Perennials are hard-wired to bloom for a particular window of pollination opportunity, and then the show is over.
If you live in a climate where termites are a serious issue (such as the U.S. Deep South), then that's different from living in a climate where they aren't. So is that where you are?
What is your question?
Not really. Ideally, give them direct sunlight from dawn to about 1 or 2 pm. That should be enough hours for daily photosynthesis requirements.
Lucky "bamboo" is actually a Dracaena, and it appreciates the same conditions as a dragon tree or corn plant. Meaning, it's pretty tough, and only overt swampy overwatering ior complete cactus-like drought will eventually kill it. Is it still in pebbles, or is it in soil?
Maybe, maybe not. Very few things are guaranteed when you're dealing with plans and weather. But generally speaking, yes, once the weather warms up reliably, with overnight lows consistently about 60F/15C, zukes and all the cucurbits perk up and begin their program of world domination.
Where are you located? What is the species of weed they were unable to eradicate? What species of turfgrass is it? How many square feet is the lawn? Is it in full sun, or shade, or what? I'm assuming you own the yard, you're not renting?
Terracotta dries out a lot faster than plastic. It does give you a nice Mediterranean ambience on the patio, but it can be super-hard to keep things watered in terracotta.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it tells nothing about climate. Where are you located?
You have to ID a pest first, before you can use any kind of insecticides.
You don't do anything with, or to, a compost pile in the winter except look at it and wait for spring. Bacterial activity slows way down in extreme cold, and there's nothing you can do about it. Once it freezes solid, preventing you from turning it, it basically hits the Pause button until ice-out. If you want compost faster, without a 6 month downtime every year, do either a worm bin or a tumbler indoors.
Hybrids don't show up until the following year, when you grow the seeds that resulted from the cross.
&gt; also it does not get much in the way of sunlight In order to grow vegetables, herbs, and most flowers in that spot, it needs to get at least 6 hours a day of direct sun, defined as the kind of sun you could get a suntan in. If it doesn't, then you can grow ornamentals for shade there, but not veg.
Adding aeration isn't going to reduce the amount of water in that spot.There's still going to be the same amount of water continually filling up the air spaces between the soil particles. If you have a continually muddy spot, you choose plants that don't mind having their feet wet all the time.
You up-pot them incrementally, not into their huge "forever home" from a tiny seedling pot all at one go. If they're in 2" pots now, they go into a 3" to 4" pot next. One seedling per pot. Then after that, once it has nearly filled a 4" with roots, you can put it into the big pot.
Pull them with your hands, with or without a small hand-weeding tool such as a hand hoe, hand cultivator, or a Yankee weeder or an ergonomic weed popper, then mulch.
I'd dilute it more than 1:10. It can burn, like any other fresh manure. It has limited use due to its high nitrogen content. There aren't many reasons why you'd need a high-nitrogen ferts. It's mostly lawn grass that gets high-N ferts, and there are more efficient ways to do it than collecting pee in a big jug, adding lots of water, and pouring it into a hose-end applicator. The extension office says it's like 46-0-0. Not many things in a garden require that. https://extension.oregonstate.edu/news/heres-scoop-chemical-organic-fertilizers Note that dog urine is the #1 damage incurred by lawns. So pee needs to be used with great caution. The "ick" factor is undeniably a Thing, but there are ickier things you can add to your garden. Manure is shit, for starters. Milorganite is human shit. Personally I've always been slightly repulsed by blood meal, and of course there is the appalling fish emulsion. They're all good stuff to use, but there's an "ick" factor there, too. If people are revolted to find that you served them tomatoes that were fertilized with your own pee, then I guess don't tell them about the manure.
&gt; It’s wooded now, but I think when we clear it, it will be shaded or partial sun maybe Well, it's useless to try to pick out plants until you know how sunny or shady it's going to be. It's analogous to planning a dinner party for an unknown number of guests with unknown food preferences and allergies. Sure you can cook whatever you like, but chances are good that at least some of them will just sit there and stare at their plate, and after a few minutes suddenly remember an urgent appointment.
We all go through it. Eventually we learn that you can't save them all, and get better about tossing them on the compost pile.
As soon as you have beet, chard, or spinach seedlings emerging from the ground, like right at the cotyledon stage, use lightweight floating row cover material (reemay) to cover them. Button it down tight to the ground by heaping soil on all the edges. She can crawl under an edge, but she can't really burrow. If she can't get in, she can't lay eggs. You'll have to pull it back briefly to thin them, but as long as you put it back ASAP, it will be fine. It may be too hot already to replant those. I have a hazy sense of Toronto climate. They want cool and moist spring weather. If you're already into "hot summer" and little children are playing in sprinklers, you're too late. Try again at the end of summer, for fall/winter crops, by which time, also, the leaf miners may have finished their broods. I dunno, you'd have to check with some kind of local bug expert to know that. You can plant some bush zucchini, cucumbers, or bush snap beans for now.
Peat moss always gets hygrophobic when it dries out completely, it's not just Promix.
&gt;jump back out while taking my grapefruit. Okay, you're saying that a squirrel is climbing up into a grapefruit tree, is picking an entire grapefruit off the tree, and is then carrying it away? How is this physically possible, given the relative sizes of squirrel and grapefruit, and considering both the physics of the situation and the physical limitations of the animal. And you have actually witnessed them doing this? I am quite certain that rabbits are not even remotely physically capable of this. Maybe in some other universe.
I'm still unfortunately unable to visualize the situation in any context other than Monty Python's African swallow with a coconut in its claws. Squirrels have limited strength and mobility to carry things. They can carry small things the size of an acorn in their mouth, but being quadrupeds, in order to cover ground they need all four feet on the ground, which means they'd have to carry the grapefruit in their mouth. So are your grapefruit the size of acorns? And, have you actually seen them covering ground while transporting grapefruit? What I'm getting at is, correlation is not causation. Just because there are grapefruit missing, and you see squirrels in the grapefruit tree, doesn't mean the squirrels are responsible. Before going whole-hog on some kind of squirrel control, it's important to make sure of your target. Regardless, the only effective way to keep squirrels out of fruit trees other than shooting them with a .22, is a physical barrier of some kind. Repellents are useles after a while, as the squirrels become acclimated. Normally you put a slippery metal band around the trunk of the tree, but if they're leaping from the fence into the tree, that's not an option. The other option is to drape poultry netting (chicken wire) over the entire tree. Bird netting of plastic or cord will simply be chewed through, or, worse, get a squirrel trapped in it. There are designs for effective rabbit fences out there. They only need to be 3 feet tall, but they need the bottom wire pegged tightly to the ground, or else they need an L-shaped flap laid flat on the ground outside the fence, to keep them from slipping under it.
All you can do is give it fresh water.
Nothing. The leaves are the photosynthesis factory that makes peppers. Remove leaves, and you slow down the production line. Pruning for shape is different from merely removing leaves, which are not a "hindrance". It's like saying that the lungs of a marathon runner are a "hindrance", so he should have surgery to remove some of his alveoli.
Ok. Well, that has administered a degree of transplant shock, so it's doubly pointless to try to diagnose what might be causing flowers to drop. Give it about 6 months to pick up where it left off.
Don't change their habitat, which moving the plant just did. They've had, what, 100 million years to learn how to cope with hot weather? Just because you, the upstart Primate happen to think it's hot, don't assume the bugs are hot, too. They chose an appropriate habitat to leave their eggs, and then you changed it. So don't do that. They need habitat to stick around. Food, water, shelter. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/garden-how-to/beneficial/attract-ladybugs.htm#:~:text=The%20easier%20you%20make%20it,release%20the%20ladybugs%20near%20it.
If they need watering, then it's better to water and then have it rain, than to hope it rains, avoid watering, and have them all wilt from drought, which is highly stressful and kills a percentage of the fine root hairs.
Where are you located? What species of turfgrass is it? How large an area is this, in terms of square feet? Herbicides don't "poison the ground". They are basically plant enzyme disruptors that biodegrade in the environment.
Slowly step it up. Talk to /r/succulents for protips. Living with an aloe vera is a lifestyle choice, due to its propensity to grow weird and fall out of its pot and make pups, so it tends to need more periodic hands-on management than, say, a dracaena or peace lily. I've never seen an aloe vera that was big enough to need a tub. It tends to have shallow roots, to grow tall and scraggly and then fall over, and to fill up the pot with pups. So instead of a single huge plant, you end up with a mass of plants, often a messy mass. People tend to repot them to get them back down to the original tidy "houseplant" size again. But if you live somewhere like San Diego, I have no doubt that an aloe vera outdoors on a patio could grow to monstrous size. I've seen rosemary and basil from SoCal that did that. Why not aloe vera.
Only time will tell.
While the old-fashioned dictum that nitrogen is for leaves, and phosphorus and potassium are for roots and flowers, is a vast oversimplification, still, it is true that heavy feeding with a high-nitrogen fertilizer does tend to give you lots of foliage. Change up ferts, rotate among different kinds, to be sure of hitting all the nutrient bases. Feeding every 5 days is also too much. Generally you feed tomatoes once a month with any kind of balanced and complete fertilizer. Granules from a bag or box are good, and easy. &gt;what a healthy tomato plant looks like and the ones I’ve had in the past have been starving. [struggles for tactfulness] Well... lol A healthy tomato is a raging, rampant tropical jungle vine. I cage mine in concrete reinforcing wire cages that are 5 feet tall, and by the end of August the vine is shooting out the top and cascading down the sides. And branches are sticking way out into where you want to walk past.
The intensity of "full sun" depends on where you're located, and the exposure. A west-facing or south-facing house wall in Las Vegas is going to be a lot hotter than a similar exposure in Seattle.
Phoenix planting calendar. https://extension.arizona.edu/sites/extension.arizona.edu/files/pubs/az1005.pdf
/r/microgrowery is where the experts are.
I've been doing houseplants since 1975, and growing tomatoes and things in my own yard since 1986, and I have yet to require a pH meter of any type. Just sayin'.
The soil is still dense and moisture-retentive, being designed for large vegetables growing in the ground, not for small indoor herbs in pots. Try using a bagged houseplant potting mix that is made of peat moss and perlite, and add an extra handful of vermiculite. In the U.S., "topsoil" is often clay subsoil from construction, more suitable for filling in low spots in the lawn. It's not used in containers, even if it was the good black dirt from the top of the soil column, because then it would contain clay. Overwatering kills more plants than anything, and even though you may be watering only when it's dry an inch down, if the soil is dense and moisture-retentive, the lower parts of the roots can still be deprived of oxygen due to the lower soil being too wet for too long. When you water, how much are you adding, what exactly are you doing?
Touch base with the Master Gardeners at the county extension office to see what they do. https://extension.wsu.edu/locations/ "English" peas(to distinguish them from crowder or Southern peas, i.e. black-eyed peas) may be planted as early as January 24. When did you plant yours? https://garden.org/apps/calendar/?q=Seattle+Tacoma+Ap%2C+WA
I see. Don't worry about the brown spots for now, they could be anything. Just grow it for a while. https://www.thespruce.com/grow-fiddle-leaf-fig-indoors-1902756 YSK that it's not really a beginner plant IMO, being more picky about conditions and care than, say, a dracaena or pothos. So if it has issues, it's probably not you.
It's not so much that you're growing plants that are finicky about their environment, it's that you're performing something that's more in the nature of a science experiment. Citrus trees aren't normally grown indoors from seed as houseplants, since typical of all tree seeds, they need full sun outdoors, which even a sunny windowsill can't provide. And if it does manage to survive to sapling size, it will then need to be transplanted outdoors into the ground, which is feasible only if you live in a frost-free climate. So you've chosen to start your gardening career very much at the deep end of the pool. I'd encourage you to explore other options for your sunny windowsill. There are a plethora of easy-to-grow houseplants that will be very happy there, and will be less of an eventual heartbreaker than your tangerine experiment.
Your marigold is of a type known as "African marigolds", which is a type that gets quite large before they bloom. So you have a ways to go yet, before you see flowers.
One more vote here for slug bait pellets. But beer traps work, too.
Ok, you are timely for sowing bush snap beans, and possibly some late zucchini and cucumbers, if your frost date isn't until the end of October. Basil and other herbs will work. Flowers such as French marigolds, zinnias, sunflowers. At the end of August is the time for sowing all your cool-season fall/winter crops. Carrots, beets, turnips, parsnips, kale, chard, lettuces, greens, spinach, peas, radish.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate. Where are you located? You've got a ways to go. From a May transplant, I don't expect to pick tomatoes until at least the 4th of July. Leave them on the plant, be patient. Picking them green and ripening them indoors puts you back at Square One, "Buying crunchy pink gas-ripened tomatoes at the grocery store", which is the reason you're growing them yourself in the first place--to avoid those. Tomatoes ripening on a counter aren't really "ripening", they're just turning red. There's a difference. On the plant, the fruit is being packed daily by the plant with even more sugars, which is what results in the flavor of a truly vine-ripened tomato. On the counter, it's the same as using ethylene gas to turn them red. You have what is basically still a green tomato, only red color. Sort of. They're always better off if you leave them on the plant.
&gt; it’s cooler over night and they get morning shade Cool temperatures and shade slow them down. The cooler it is, and the shadier it is, the more they slow down. They are the pre-eminent vegetable for the hot, humid, sunny summers of the Midwest and the mid-Atlantic states. Next year, put them in the sunniest spot you have, and rejoice when it's too hot to sleep at night. Those little noises you hear are the sound of your tomatoes ripening out in the garden.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate.Zone 5 can be anywhere from Nevada to Maine. And verbal descriptions about Alaska and Cambodia don't help, either. Just tell us where you are, approximately.
Well, there's normal Midwestern "hot" and then there's Midwestern heatwave "hot". Their upper limit for comfort is about the mid to upper 90s. If you're having a heatwave, then so are they. &gt; I’ll move them to an all day sunny spot if I don’t see any ripening in a few weeks. Move them there now. Leaving them in the shade for another few weeks will only delay your tomatoes that much longer. The sun is the engine that drives photosynthesis, without which nothing useful happens. The plant needs maximum photosynthesis to drive ripening those huge, expensive-to-produce fruits and seeds. That means it needs maximum sun.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3689494/ &gt;Ingestion of slime containing infective A. cantonensis on produce has been thought of as a possible way people could become infected, but is generally considered of minor significance. They're addressing the consumption of the snails/slugs themselves in their study, the slime is kind of a peripheral issue. The CDC. https://www.cdc.gov/parasites/angiostrongylus/gen_info/faqs.html &gt;Very few cases have been reported in the continental United States. You're going to wash it anyway.
Parking pads are one of the few uses for double-digging. Your subsoil is compacted, too, and merely tilling and spading the topsoil isn't going to help a lot over the long term. You will always have the ghosts of parked vehicles lingering 12" down. How big a space is this? I'd do some daikon radish to help break up the clay.
If there is existing landscaping, your starting point is to ID anything that's growing there, including weeds. Take good clear pictures of everything, make up an Imgur album (not too huge, please) and post it to /r/whatsthisplant. Give the yard a calendar year to show you what it has. Many things are dormant for part of the year, such as tulips and daffodils. Some shrubs are boring green for 51 weeks of the year, and the 52nd week people go out of their way to drive past your house to look at it in bloom. There can be treasures there that you'll wish later you hadn't dug up, when you're looking at a $40 containerized shrub at the garden center, and you realize, "Well, crap, we had one of those when we moved in, and we ripped it out." Whether there is landscaping or it’s a blank slate, live with the yard for a while and think about how you want to use it. Build all your hardscape before you get started on the landscaping. Build all your patios, decks, sidewalks, pathways, storage sheds, garages, swimming pools, swingsets, sandboxes, trampolines, koi ponds, dog runs, outdoor kitchens, BBQ pits, firepits, conversation pits, pergolas, gazebos, and screen porches first. This is for two reasons: One, it prevents you from having to rip out the new rose garden when you belatedly realize you need a path to the trash cans right there. Two, it prevents workmen in big boots from trundling wheelbarrows through the new rose garden Landscaping is closely analogous to interior decorating. When you’re going to redo your living room, you go through the same creative process. You decide what you want to keep and what you want to be gone forever. You look at what other people have done, and you decide either, "Yes, want that", or "No, OMG just no." Same thing here. Read books and articles on gardening and landscaping. Your local public library has shelves full of books, and back issues of magazines on gardening and landscaping. Look at your neighbors' landscaping. Look at botanic garden, museum, zoo, corporate, college, municipal, city park, and mall landscaping. When you see something that makes you go, "Want", take its picture and get an ID. Both landscaping and interior decorating are a process, so take your time, do your homework, and get it done the way you want it. The vast majority of landscaping items have no particular need for pruning, so you can relax. There's no urgent window of opportunity that you missed. &gt;t spring, just barely too late (according to what I found online) to prune things that needed it, so I decided to make this year one of research, and start pruning this fall, Spring pruning and fall pruning, for most species, are not interchangeable, Nearly all species that require pruning, require it at a particular time of year, and this isnearly always mutually exclusive, it's either/or. Example: Lilacs and forsythia bloom on old wood, on last year's wood, so if you prune them in fall you just cut off all of next spring's blooms. Most roses bloom on new wood, so you prune them in late winter before they've started growing for the year. &gt;I do want to fix up one specific bed around a peach tree, and plant it as my herb garden next spring. What goes at the base of trees is ground cover such as vinca, turfgrass, or mulch. You don't pile soil on top of tree surface roots because it will smother them. &gt;When I do get around to tilling the space, is it too risky to the peach tree to use a mechanical tiller? You will break surface roots, yes, even if you weren't going to pile soil on top of them. Also, banging a lawn mower or tiller into a tree trunk injures it, and allows an opening for disease and rot organisms. Grasses of various sorts are traditional in orchards. &gt;Any how, the bed is currently surrounded by rotting landscape timbers, and I'm debating whether to directly replace them, or to replace them with something like dimensional lumber (treated or no?) like a raised bed. If it's not an actual raised bed now--if the railroad ties are just a placeholder to delineate "there's a bed here"--then there's no need to replace them. Just do an in-ground bed, and use pavers or bricks to mark out the bed.
It's MiracleGro trying to branch out, away from the "peat moss and perlite" potting mix, and trying to tap into the organic gardeners market, the ones who are refusing to buy unsustainable peat moss potting mix anymore. Here's an outstanding piece of advertising puffery that gives you exactly zero information, but sounds great. https://www.naturescare.com/en-us/about-natures-care Usually on a website, the "About Us" will give you a little corporate history, "We began with Maw and Paw making their own compost in an old oil drum out behind the barn..." and so forth. But no. Scotts Company LLC down at the bottom. It's just another multinational attempting to package and sell folksiness, like Cracker Barrel with their rocking chairs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scotts_Miracle-Gro_Company /rant
By the end of August, you will be resorting to smuggling Walmart bags of them into work and leaving them anonymously on the break room table.
Any kind of flowers around the plants will work. Marigolds, petunias, whatever. Make sure you're not using any pesticides in your yard.
Yes, you're not supposed to pile up mulch directly against the trunk, as it can cause rot issues. But it can be close to it, just not actually touching.
&gt; the drainage from the gutters is drowning/destroying them Are you saying the runoff from the roof is directing straight into the planters?
I would choose the biggest one or two, and just do one or two buckets, not all five, if the cost of potting soil is an issue. Life...finds a way, and you can actually pick some tomatoes before the really serious cold weather shuts you down in November. Your frost date is just an approximation, a "headsup". Look into frost blankets and similar techniques to extend your season. I've got a mid-October frost date, too, and my tomatoes don't customarily completely black-and-dead until November. Usually you get that first preliminary frost, and then the weather settles into a long, mild fall. Where are you located? Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate.
[How to grow herbs from cuttings.](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+grow+herbs+from+cuttings&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;oq=how+to+grow+herbs+from+cuttings&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l4j69i64.3254j0j8&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8)
Does any of this look the same? [Squash vine borer damage.](https://www.google.com/search?q=squash+vine+borer+damage&amp;safe=active&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS840US840&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk034ySTBVWlhyiTZR0t6I14ysFjaqA:1593037991997&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwj3hoH9wJvqAhVVVc0KHcdIAj0Q_AUoAXoECBAQAw&amp;biw=1097&amp;bih=535) Where are you located?
If you can still find plants at the garden center that don't look completely ratty and diseased, go for it.
A container (flowerpot, raised bed, planter) is an artificial environment that has a number of constraints imposed upon it by the exigencies of that environment. Other examples of artificial environments: your kitchen window above the sink, a mall food court atrium, a 30,000 square foot commercial greenhouse, a Martian biodome. In an artificial environment, by definition, you cannot have "Mother Nature doing her job". Mother Nature, by definition, has been deliberately excluded, and you, the human Artificer, have nominated yourself to replace her. It can be nearly impossible to keep containers watered in hot summer weather. They have no reserves of deeper moisture to be drawn upon by deeper plant roots, the way that in-ground planting offers. Tomato roots can go down 18" to 24" into the subsoil, similar to shrub and tree roots, seeking moisture. For a tomato in a 5 gallon bucket, that's all there is. The sun and the wind and the heat do the rest. It's just physics. Evaporation. Wilting during the heat of the afternoon, and then being fully recovered by morning, is indicative of the roots not being able to uptake moisture and move it to the leaves fast enough to keep up with the speed at which the heat is pulling moisture out of the leaves. Sometimes this is because the soil is dry, and the moisture just isn't there. Sometimes the moisture is there, but the plant wilts anyway. Sun and wind strip moisture from the leaves too fast, and it wilts. Things cool off overnight, and it gets caught up. You fix this by putting the buckets in a place where they get morning sun only, like from dawn to about 1 or 2 pm, or by giving them some shade during the hottest part of the afternoon. Don't tote the buckets around 2x a day, that's stressful on both of you. You can just rig up a sunsail or a bedsheet on broomsticks or bean poles so as to give shade. If the moisture is there, and it wilts and stays wilted, that's more likely overwatering and root rot. But in the heat of a U.S. continental June-Almost-July summer, I don't think it's possible to overwater a full-sized tomato in a 5 gallon bucket. You'd have to really try.
Google, seriously. It's an unparalled resource that no book can match. "how to grow [species] [location]" and there it is. How you grow something also depends on where, and how, you're going to do it. Singapore, Seattle, and Sydney have different conditions, as do containers vs. in-ground. So there's no single book or database that can cover how to grow roses in Portland (Oregon), Portland (Maine), or Portland (Dorset). &gt;I bet there's a site that does this better than the rest, with easy to follow charts for each species' And then there's the stunning variety of things that humans grow, worldwide. No single book or database could hold them all. Coffee, millet, betel, dryland rice, paddy rice...."how to grow" them all, in one single venue just ain't happening. That's what we have Google for.
It will work. Stakes aren't the most efficient method of fertilizer dispersal, but you can use them. Otherwise, I'd use them under a tree or bush out in the yard, and get some regular tomato food that disperses faster and thus gives you faster results. Either water-soluble or timed-release, whatever you prefer.
It's not light or heat, it's probably insufficient pollination. Do hand pollination. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/edible/vegetables/pepper/hand-pollinating-peppers.htm
Be patient. There's nothing you can do about it either way.
"How to grow grape vines". https://extension.umn.edu/fruit/growing-grapes-home-garden "Grape vines black rot". http://www.missouribotanicalgarden.org/gardens-gardening/your-garden/help-for-the-home-gardener/advice-tips-resources/pests-and-problems/diseases/fruit-spots/black-rot-of-grapes.aspx#:~:text=Black%20rot%2C%20caused%20by%20the,stems%2C%20tendrils%2C%20and%20fruit.
On all cucurbits--melons, squash, cukes--the female blossom has a tiny little version of the fruit attached to the flower. The male blossom has only a stem and the flower. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/edible/vegetables/squash/female-male-squash-blossoms.htm#:~:text=Check%20the%20base%20of%20the,stalks%20all%20along%20the%20plant.
The boxes need to be set apart from each other so that they don't drain into each other. Or else find a way to plug the existing holes, and then drill new holes, and set the boxes slanting backwards so the excess goes out the back. But the more important problem here is the stunting. Salts buildup doesn't cause that, it causes root and eventually leaf burn. Herbicide carryover in manure and compost is a real thing, not a hand-waving "chemicals are bad!" conspiracy theory. https://lee.ces.ncsu.edu/2016/03/herbicide-carryover-in-hay-manure-compost-and-grass-clippings/ https://extension.umd.edu/learn/gardener-alert-beware-herbicide-contaminated-compost-and-manure If this vendor is someone you know personally well enough to be able to tell him that his product is possibly problematic, then you should touch base with him, and see if anyone else is reporting similar problems He would need to troubleshoot where he gets his product from. If not, then just deal with it. And don't buy soil from him again.
&gt; I caught it before they started moving around much, which makes them easier to spot and crush. Actually, you don't really see leaf miners. The female moth lays her eggs on the underside of a leaf, the lrvae hatch, and immediately begin tunneling into the leaf underneath them. They they spend their lives totally inside the leaf, and you only see their tunnels. Once they're big enough to pupate, they move to the edge of the leaf and drop off onto the ground, where they burrow in, and pupate. So if you have bugs crawling around on your leaves, those aren't the leaf miner larvae that are living in between the two surfaces of a leaf. You said you had bugs living inside the leaf, so I assumed you were referring to leaf miners. But they don't usually come out and crawl around. &gt;I've been adding calcium in hopes that it improves permeability. The casual Internet advice to "just add some gypsum" to clay soil, if that's what you've been doing, is vastly oversimplified, and involves more than just adding it. If it's some other form of calcium that you're adding, it's not doing any good, either. You fix clay soil by adding organic matter, not by adding chemicals. It's not an issue of soil chemistry per se, it's an issue of physics. The clay particles are tiny, and are shaped like flat plates, so there isn't much space between them for air and water molecules. Adding organic matter to this increases the number of air spaces. An easy no-dig way to do this is to keep your beds mulched with 3" to 4" of something like bark, wood chips, straw, etc. As this slowly rots down from underneath, it adds organic matter. It also attracts and feeds the entire soil biota, all the earthworms and pillbugs and fungi and bacteria, that are what improve soil. Dead leaves in particular are earthworm's favorite food. Just spread them around. If you build it, they will come. Earthworms break up clay soil quite well. There are also things called green manures and cover crops for the off-season, which you can explore on google if you want. But anyway, for now, keep it mulched. The mulch also serves to hold the water in position and facilitate its slow absorption in the soil, and prevents a crust from forming. And it keeps the soil moist, preventing it from turning into pottery greenware.
Buy them at a garden center, Walmart, or Home Depot. You want a diameter that's about 2" to 3" wider than the root ball of the plant.
Dirt from the ground doesn't go into containers or planters. It has a clay component that compacts and drains poorly, plus bugs, worms, and fungi. What you do with excavated dirt from a DIY project is either spread it out among existing beds in the yard, or spread itaround the shrubs in a shrub border, or scatter it around the lawn like in The Great Escape. Get some perlite to cut your compost, add some peat moss or coco peat, and then you'll have a potting mix for your planters. Worm castings are fertilizer, not the basis for potting mix.
What's out on the front porch? I'd harden them off and put them outside into the sun. Minor leaf damage like that can be due to many causes. Let them run for a while and see how they do.
Why are you watering it that often? How are you deciding when to water it? Overwatering causes brown leaves, not being rootbound.
Pictures would be helpful.
"With the expectation that some will die" is not how you plan an orchard. Fruit trees aren't any more "fragile" than any other type of tree. If you're planting a row of spruces to provide privacy and a noise barrier all across your front property line by the road, you don't have the "expectation that some will die", that's not how it works. Plan an orchard to hold all the trees you want. &gt;I merely assume with my luck/amateur gardening, by year 3 half would have died. Pish tosh. If we all thought that way, none of us would be growing anything at all, we'd just continue buying fruit and vegetables at Kroger. Don't be so defeatist. You can do this. Research how to do it, do your homework, and then go for it. It is, literally, not rocket science. There are 13-year-old kids in the subreddit who are growing things successfully in tubs and buckets on their parents' patio. Knowledge Is Power. Look it up, learn it, do it.
I'm trying to boost your confidence in your ability to grow things. &gt;one of my trees did die. I've had so many plants die on me over the decades, both indoors and outdoors, I can't even remember them all. I had a 30-year-old rose die of rosette disease a few years ago. But I didn't say, "I must have a black thumb, I can't grow roses", I said, "Oh. A rose died. I am sad", and kept gardening.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate. Where are you located?
Nice. Also see /r/cactus and /r/cacti
&gt;x. Knowing how bad the soil was, I dug out a 2 ft deep, 2X4 ft rectangle in each box and filled with topsoil to give the trees some room to establish Digging out a huge basin and filling it with nicer soil is exactly what you don't do. 1. Long term: When the roots hit the worse denser subsoil at the bottom and sides, they begin circling. 2. Short term: The water flowing quickly through the nicer soil hits a wall at the bottom, and turns the basin into a sump. So that's what has happened here. When you plant trees in clay, you dig your hole the correct--minimum--size, you remove the clay, amend it 50/50 with organic matter, and then put it back. https://ask.extension.org/questions/396975 https://www.chicagotribune.com/lifestyles/home-and-garden/ct-home-0509-garden-qa-20190502-story.html &gt;I'm going to try and dig it even deeper in the hopes of increasing drainage, You're in the subsoil here. Subsoil is what they set the foundations for houses on. You can dig to China and you won't get any better drainage. **STOP DIGGING.** This hole is useless now that you've been excavating in it. Every time you dig around with clay, you compress and compact it even worse. Unless you can find some clay soil elsewhere, and amend it to approximate the kind of original clay soil you started out with, this hole isn't fixable.
Completely normal. It takes from 9 to 18 months for a newly seeded yard to fill in and mature. Do not mow until it's tall enough. Too-soon mowing will yank seedlings up by the roots with the suction. http://ipm.ucanr.edu/TOOLS/TURF/ESTABLISH/mowing.html
