Well unless you live in Cincinnati, and have a couple cats and other such things probably not
In my world you can Let me tell you, anything more than 3 cowbells is an annoyance and a pain to get different enough sounds between each of them. Percussion performance major in college.
It appears that he would enjoy a combo between [[kalonian hydra]] and [[scourge of skola vale]] I’ve gotten them above 1,000 with other hydras in my 1/1 counter Commander deck
I think you might be
We’re getting there
Oh hello there Mr Dietrich
I doing my part! Voted for voit along with my red boys
Hey wouldn’t you like to get free pizza if your team does well? Why hate on something someone else gets excited about? Btw the Nats have a beautiful ballpark and I hope to see a game there next season
The paint thing is definitely not true. I’m in southwest Ohio and even different municipalities around Cincinnati have different paint schemes. State troopers are Gray dodges, some areas are gray/silver explorers, some are a dark blue, some are white, and there’s one area with black and you can’t tell it says police on the side until you get close or get a lucky angle.
PITCHERS WHO FUCKING RAKE
“Fuck it I’ll be my own run support”
If you want a Mac get a Mac, but the best windows laptop I’ve ever had is the Dell XPS 15. You can get them through the Osu tech hub. I didn’t and a spent more. However, I did get to custom build mine. I got the 6 core I7 with 16 GB RAM. It’s been an absolute dream.
You make a specific point that I’d like to reiterate. &gt;But he’s faith based This is an important distinction. There are many people who are religious but they are logic based. I myself practice a religion but that doesn’t stop me from acting from a moral worldly standpoint. While someone like this may not have an abortion themselves they recognize that not everyone is like them and that the ability to make a choice for one’s own body is important.
I’ve got an XPS 15 with a 500 Gb and it’s my favorite laptop I’ve ever used
Hell im a music major and I’m having similar thoughts, however it’s for the better of the university. Tbf it is making me consider coming back here for a masters so I get to spend time in the new music building
Very true. For instance the Percussive Arts Society International Convention is always held in Indianapolis after switching between Indy, Texas, California, and once or twice, Cbus. The society itself is now located in Indianapolis and has a deal with the city for a decade.
If anyone has questions about being a music major, different ensembles you can play in (even as a non music major), or living in the dorms on South without A/C, feel free to message me
They are indeed. I do have to say PASIC is where I go to buy any and all expensive percussion things I want. I got a triangle like $30 off
Isn’t that what we all do anyways? Besides, Osu has a very strong Music Cognition program that I’m interested in for grad school.
It’s ok just trust that our team will continue to try their best, there will be bad times but I have faith in myboys in red and just enjoy watching them play ball
Boy are we negative bunch tonight I’m seeing more downvoted on a gamethread than I’ve seen in a while
If you want to expand your skills, I’d suggest taking a look into Mark Ford’s marimba technique book, as well as Nebojsa Zivkovich’s funny mallets series of books they do a very good job of both teaching the basic technique and making you use them in various ways.
Have you considered that every NLC stadium is an FTC building?
This would make my season. Not just as an OSU fan but because that’d be an insane upset for a service academy to beat such a good program.
I feel that. I absolutely love the throwback and wish we would keep a few around. Also my dream hat would be the cream pinstripe one with the script C.
Boss gets a dollar, i get a dime...
I’d prefer world waker to this one personally, but both would kick ass
There’s a lot of really cool games that are being ran, if you’d like to learn more or maybe find a new interest, I’d highly suggest watching Summer Games Done Quick coming up June 23-30 24 hours a day of speed running in order to raise money for charity. They should have a schedule posted so you can see some games that interest you. There are also some very good redordings on YouTube that I can curate a list of my favorites if you’d like. There’s some runs from a couple years ago in fallout games that are very impressive.
I was thinking of saying something along the same lines, like all of the teams in our division are very competitive Hs there are players I like to watch on all of them, even if I dislike certain teams (being pittsburgh and St. Louis) I have to respect our division
I don’t think there’s one in cincy. At least I’ve never seen it when I go visit my parents
Oh wait they’re a Man U fan? Aw crap I don’t know if I can like them anymore /s. I’m a Chelsea fan as far as Premier league
Unfortunately a lot of them out that way still love the man. At least the people I know up there either do or they tell me about it.
Um im sorry to let you down, but we’ve ALWAYS been at war with Eastasia and have always been allies with Eurasia
There’s a number of pitchers I love to watch how they work an AB. Of course I love watching my boy Luis Castillo but there’s pitchers all over that I enjoy to see even if they’re killing my redlegs or cubbies
Give every stadium a green monster?
Haha fair. Chelsea is my third team. My first love was Bayern Munich because my grandparents bought me a scarf when I was 4, and just starting to get into soccer, and my other team is my hometown club though they’re quite bad rn, FFCincinnati. Aside from a casual following of soccer, baseball is my main sport so whenever there isn’t a game I want to watch on I’m always watching some sort of soccer because teams are less important and I just enjoy watching the sport of soccer.
Man where was this when I took theory 1?
My cats only like hands near their bellies and they’re both such light sleepers that they wake up before I get close enough to get the brrrrrrb sound
It very much varies between schools. The professor I had at Ohio State for 1 and 2 is good friends with the professor for the same at Michigan, and apparently they did things very differently than we do. In theory 1 our final was to write two 4 bar counterpoint exercises following T, PD, D form. In theory 2 we covered diatonic harmony, applied dominants of different flavors, small forms, sequences, and modulations. The composition part of the final was to write a 24-32 bar string quartet in ABA’ form that modulates, has allied dominants and sequences. This was played for the class. Tbh theory wasn’t bad, I hated Aural training (at least that’s our name for the class) way more. Singing was a pita. I managed to find the old syllabus for theory 2 on my computer, and files for my finals on my notation software.
Definitely technique. If you can, I’d highly suggest getting George Hamilton Green’s 50 lessons for xylophone. It will not only help with technique but really work on a lot of fundamentals and help you with more difficult passages as you keep playing. I’ve actually been going back through the first few lessons while practicing this past week or so. I normally spend around 4-5 hours easily on the exercises for each lesson. Also, just keep playing, even if your only practice is 5 minute stretches a couple times a day walking up to the board and playing a piece you know. It will really help with being prepared for performances and general confidence with a piece. It’s one of the methods I used to prepare for a masterclass I played in recently.
The games I wanted on switch were smash, Botw, and Pokémon which were now getting.
I bought a ticket last night. I’ll be cheering em on from the stands
Don’t apologize for sharing your story we’re here for one another. A thought I had while reading your comment was that even if you don’t live anywhere near I’d suggest checking out the pride stuff going on in Columbus Ohio. It really brings me joy that the city I go to school in is such a positive location. They even named a (albeit very small) street after one of the drag models who was on Ru Paul, as well as having a very vibrant and welcoming lgbtq community even to those who aren’t fully part of it, such as myself. I’m welcome to the bars where my bi friend goes with open arms as I’m supporting him.
Alright boys and girls I’m here in section 128 let’s do this
It’s my second game and idk if I’ll make it to a third. However, last time I came it was Dietrichs 3 hr game. Let’s punch some dicks in
I DONT SEE ANY TEXAS DICKS TO PUNCH
Mahle please
They said it’s the third of the season, I’m assuming one for each branch
Who is our plate umpire tonight?
I’m betting mahle goes 4
He made a couple bad plays in the first
Ok I’m about to punch some of these rangers fans they’re getting annoying
I’m excited for the buckeyes though scared about our quarterback situation Edit: my seats with friends this season are good so I’m happy about that
Ah thabks
BAH GAWD THATS TUGBOAT BRAMBLEBUSH’S MUSIC
I have two cats. One of them, a big orange fluff ball is silent. I’ve only heard meow around 8 times, but he does chirp periodically. My other cat is a short hair turtle shell coat a chatterbox and generally very peculiar. She loves people and always wants attention but is super shy and will disappear to go nap. But in the morning and at night she will meow constantly until I give her attention for 20 minutes or so.
Seeing as my hair is currently being groomed by my orange menace I’m inclined to agree
That makes me sad as a fan of both FCC and the Crew
I wish Ohio could be like that. I have an Inkling that Columbus would like to do so even though the state government is located there, and passed the heartbeat bill.
Oh, I’m well aware, and I plan on using my vote
Another Ohioan, laundry room is on the second floor and only room in house with ducting and power connections. Moving the washer upstairs was a bitch when moving in
The highschool state tournament is going to be a brawl this year there’s a lot of talent all over. I’m from the Cincinnati area and it’s looking pretty damn competitive just down here
Since I haven’t seen it before, I’d suggest taking an hour or two to explore around Washington Park, where Music Hall (built by German immigrants in the 1860’s and 70’s) is locates, and Over The Rhine, located along Vine Street. Try out Bretzel, a Bavarian pretzel shop, Holtman’s donuts, or the ever popular Graeter’s ice cream This is a big area to explore if you’re a foodie or like really cool architecture. Fun fact: Cincinnati is home to the largest grouping of Italianate architecture buildings in the Western Hemisphere, which is why a lot of movies set in 40’s-80’s NYC are filmed here. These buildings are all around Music Hall, and are vibrantly painted
Looks like Temur is back on the table! This will probably just end up being another win con for my Temur or Grixis Card draw decks, ramp up enough mana and card draw in Temur, tutor the creature out and drop this on the table. In grixis the cards will be there but getting both cards out consistently won’t be easy.
You could splash green and really get cooking on tokens and weenies
I’m down, throw an elemental focus nissa in commander with the other nissas I have like worldwaker that loves elementals.
Many nissas make elementals. My favorite is [[Nissa, Worldwaker]]
It definitely isn’t. I’m primarily a commander player
I’m heavily considering an elemental Commander deck now with nissas and Chandras. Angry Omnath landfall, turn those lands into elementals with a myriad of Nissas, use WAR Nissa to protect lands. Rinse, repeat, smash.
I like it with almost all of the Nissas. This is more or less the same as Nissa, Worldwaker’s first +1 ability, so you could start using her other one to untap forests. I like this card in commander. I’m heavily considering an Omnath elemental tribal Commander deck.
My casual Temur deck is built for late game interactions, ramping up to get out pieces like [[Nissa Worldwaker]], [[Mina and Denn]], or [[rashmi]] and then protect them until I can get a massive board state. I use a lot of hydras and use [[Surrak Dragonclaw]] as my Commander for when I don’t have to use instants and to give trample. Oh and it has a lot of +1/+1 counter support. Kalonian hydra is the big pusher for that
No, my hair is now being licked by an orange fluffy menace
how many 1 run games have we lost, and how many times has raisel fucked us? He isn’t doing it rn as a closer
As long as the pitcher can put away a batter let them pitch the end of the game, closers are somewhat overrated imo
We are not supposed to be mad rn. He over manages but he’s been doing decently recently
Reenact the Kahn scene from Star Trek, and replace it with Bell
I will love that man forever and he says he doesn’t want to leave a reds Uni
Excuse me what was that call?
My friend decided that the Great Lakes State are Canada Life so let’s join our maple brethren
Free coney if the reds win three in a row and you went to one of the three games
This ump fuckin blows
I think they’re too far. Outfield has always shaded to one way or the other based on the hitter, but I dislike three infielders in one side of the diamond
Fuck yes Farmer
I don’t dislike that, I just dislike how much empty space on the opposite side of the field
Good shit raisel
The biggest thing about other sports is the fact that it’s give and take between athletes and officials. Hockey sees both groups throwing “fuck you”’s to one another, football has some friendly banter. However in these other sports there’s a general respect for the game and it’s less likely for a bad call to completely change the outcome of a game (though I can think of a few basketball examples, especially from my highschool days) Baseball is the outlier. One thing can get you tossed from the game and the ump has complete impunity and control over a game. There are so many awful calls that can each change the outcome of the game in specific situations; especially those with historically bad zone calling.
That’s how I feel. Screw having a traditional closer when you’ve got a high tension situation and you need some strikeouts but raisel in to get you where you need to be, whether it’s in the 7, 8 or 9th inning.
I’m glad to see him throwing the way he periodically did for us. Hopefully he can keep it up.
I’ve bought probably 12 books from the gift shop over the years
I have to say growing up in Dayton before moving south, and growing up watching the dragons, it brings back some memories. I’m glad to see them doing well still. I remember watching Bruce, Cueto, and many more major players playing for dragons, and following them through their path to the major leagues.
My trouser snake is very happy with the cards we’ve seen so far. I’m hoping someone puts together an elemental tribal decklist for angry Omnath in commander soon. Pretty much every Nissa and the new Chandra will be good in that deck.
THATS MY FUCKING FRIEND
I think BDD has every reds fan pregnant already
HOT FUCKING DAMN NICK SENZEL
HOLY SHIT WE JUST SWEPT THE FUCKING ASTROS
Hell. Hell is real and it is here
I mean the ballpark is pretty decent
This is a fun team to watch and I’m here for it all
Hell yeah Dads, making the Central even more of a bloodbath
I approve of this message as both a redlegs and a cubbies fan
Lightning hit the house next door to one of my buds, down by Cincinnati, while he was working on his car in the garage. I didn’t ask about the state of his pants
Blame my father for instilling his childhood love from when he lived in Chicago and then made love my hometown team which just happens to be in the same division.
You’re a monster
Good doggo I hope you grow up in a ferocious murder doggo
Hey at least she has her gf Chandra to keep her company now.
I like a couple of their players as they’re fun to watch and impressive players but I hate the team.
I like this
Not to mention Indianapolis and the surrounding area is already incredibly evenly split between Chicago, Cincinnati, and Cleveland. I took a day trip and I saw equal amounts of people wearing gear as well as stuff in stores.
I’d also say that Indy is pretty well split between cubs reds and Indians fans already
That’s what we’re working towards! He just sent out a video to patrons about getting his new Teleprompter set up. He also took a recent trip to Canada which is in a couple videos on his channel that was paid for by himself and the patrons
If you go to his personal channel there are more videos that are along the lines of what you are looking for. In the past he’s done a lot of purely history videos that I appreciate, especially the ones on Interwar tank doctrine. The inside the chieftains hatch videos on his channel not done with wargaming also tend to be better imo, particularly his ones from the Rock Island Auction Company. Side note: I watch and very much enjoy Ian’s videos myself
Yes that’s the one. I agree with your opinion. I much more prefer his own videos that have more pure history and less showiness. I believe that his Wargaming sponsored videos are either edited by someone other than Nicholas or that he’s asked to edit it in a different way. Either way I’ll almost always watch his content and enjoy it , which is why I decided to become one of his patrons
You poor soul
I switched my second semester not only because of what you’re saying but my schedule as a music major didn’t allow me the time to go to traditions for lunch every day of the week so I ended up spending a lot of dining dollars
Nah our pitching staff kicks ass. He isn’t the only one.
Sadly after this new Omnath card gruulfriends may add some blue to their color pie
I have to say as someone who went to highschool with him and had an elective class with the guy, his is the one Jersey I’m going to buy
Alright boys and girls I’m a bit late because I had to see my boy Jaxson Hayes get drafted. Let’s punch some dicks
The pick slot was traded and NOLA needs a center
No. Moeller grad, went to Texas
Fucking hell that was lucky Winker
Like a coyote?
Apologies Incase you didn’t see my edit he went to NOLA after they trade ATL for the slot
Hi went to hs with Hayes. He didn’t get much time before senior year but when was in even before his growth, he was kicking ass. His senior year he was more or less carrying the team, which won the Ohio state division 1 championship. Also he was constantly being talked about over the last year in NCAA coverage.
Omnath smashing into the dashboard is how he adds black to his palette
Can’t say I’m not happy to say it though, I mean, 3rd in mlb feels nice
Holy hell Roark you are one deadly, dadly man
Man i Love Jim Day and his smoothness compared to tHom
I guess that’s for you to say
I actually don’t hate Naumann coaching. I disliked having him in class but he was at least meme-able. He was a very capable coach both as head coach and an assistant. And got good results with less skilled players than moeller historically has
Fuck
I mean before he coached at mod. When he was at nick
My boy Jiggy is raking
Jiggy hitting that one for the baby
To Jiggy throw to first
Good fuckin catch Jiggy
I agree Jim. This is just a fun team to watch
How’s that for a score?
Once more the people in the back. FUCK THE BREWERS
Help how do I get the cats down from in front of the projector screen without getting up?
Doesn’t work, one likes water, tries to eat it
Dietrich doesn’t give a shit
On another post I linked a couple of videos that show off a bit more from his Instagram account from his senior year of highschool. One also shows his friend Jeremiah Davenport who plays at UC.
Ope is a classic Midwest-ism and is heavily memes about among younger circles
Ok hush you German descendant or person-adjacent-to-German-descendants Damn anglicized bitte, i use it more than I would like
It’s generally easier to play early than late.having an eastern time zone team start play at 10pm home time can be pretty rough.
For me i constantly think about NL Central teams. It’s probably harder to remember teams from the other league because you don’t play as often.
No, they just chose to use Veterans Day as there are only so many govt holidays per year.
Uh, no. I attend OSU and nobody have a shit or said anything. The city decided to recognize Veterans day instead as there can only be so many holidays for government and city workers.
My football tradition is waking up, going to buckeye donuts for a sandwich and red velvet donut, skull session then game. I’m so excited for the October games this season
Ah yes, one of those “fair weather” fans I hear about
You aren’t wrong, but I like to think of us as a hardy bunch. I do have to say though that Ohio stadium is the best crowd culture I’ve seen at a colleg game
Fuck yes Derek
HOLY SHIT
Ah thabks
Apparently 4 now
I have two stats questions from this series now. Are we the best first inning team in baseball? And What is the record for most triples in one series this season?
I have a feeling watching this that is will light a fire in Castillo and he’ll start dealing
The end of that comment will age poorly in a couple hours
CoNsIsTeNcY oF cAlLs Same place earlier was a ball
Also very true. I live in Ohio currently, and slowly more and more of my contemporaries are realizing what has happened to our state and what their parents and grand parents have done to fuck our generation
Understandable, have a nice day.
I’d run through a suburb of the city naked for it
Summer Games Done Quick, a Video game speedrun Marathon just began a weeklong marathon to raise money for Doctors Without Borders.
I’m within a day trip of that, maybe we do a little experiment with a GoPro
Exactly, for most people I know, religion doesn’t come up unless someone specifically asks. At my university I heavily avoid those who spout about their religion, from the Mormons walking around with materials, to the exclamatory Christians. Not to mention almost all people say what their denomination of Christianity is when asked, and if they’re non denominational, they’ll explain why.
Hold up, we’ve been doin pretty well in the first innings the first game will at least be 5-4 whichever direction you want
I’m very much hoping that the cubs can’t win on the road for a little longer
I find it to be the most entertaining division to watch the games because of the hate and closeness which makes every game so much more tense to watch
Our bats are coming alive more and more, we’ve had a bunch of 3 run first innings but our pitching is very hot and cold. Castillo can’t pitch against the brewers and Disco also had a poor outing his last start, but Roark and our bullpen have been very strong
We win blowouts and lose 1 run games
I’m sorry that you dislike style
Exactly the story. The reds are also the best first inning team right now, but they can’t come back when down by one late in the game
I just want that man in the Hr Derby 😭
Yep. It’s a hard knock life. It’s gotten to the point where the reds sub goes crazy when we win by one run.
Yep not a problem! Our coneys are a little different as far as spices. The sauce is of a variety called Greek or Macedonian chili. People give us crap for having nutmeg and cinnamon in our dish but many Indian and Mexican dishes such as Mole also use spices often associated with dessert Edit: I’m not sure whether Jersey coneys have cheese I know Detroit ones don’t, but ours do. Mustard, onions, chili and cheddar. It’s good shit
While your comment is correct, and I agree, I would advise on being wary of what label you use. There are many who identify as conservative without being republican, just as there are many who identify as liberal without being democrat. Those terms apply to the French revolutionary ideals not modern US political parties.
I know a couple of people who don’t have smartphone at Osu
This is a pretty badass thing
Unfortunately Indiana and Ohio have both been regressive as fuck even at local levels so it probably won’t go down there any time soon
I wish Ohio would do the same, but our government is fucked right now. At least my city, Cincinnati decriminalized it for under a certain amount. I don’t smoke but at this point they’re just being assholes
This umpire is not good with consistency on the corners
Dude there are a lot of people in Ohio who dream of being in the OSUMB. If that wasn’t your jam I’m sorry you didn’t like music but don’t shit on other people’s proclivities. The ensemble is incredibly well organized and talented. The students in the ensemble rehearse 4-6 pm Monday-Friday and on game days report 6 hours before kickoff. They sometimes learn an entire show in a week. That’s 8 minutes of intense music and drill.
Some shows are much better than others, it mainly just depends on who is writing. Also I might get in trouble for saying this but last year athletic band was reading options for OSUMB tunes for next season one of them was “Sweet Victory No Sicko Mode: how it should be”
I bet you that more kids in Ohio want to be in OSUMB and chase after it than those who want to go for MLB. Not every kid sure but a hell of a lot of kids throughout the state, especially considering how prevalent marching band is as a high level competition.
Yes
The other two strikes were awful and the umpire had not been consistent between the two team of what the strike zone was.
My above comment was about the umpire through the rest of the game. I believe puig’s reaction was one of frustration for the rest of game and how it had been going
This is the kind of news r/baseball would like
He’s historically just a shitty ump and I’ve never liked him, and that is true I found myself questions a number of calls that Heaney got. I didn’t fully quantify it while watching so I appreciated the proof posted
In the area I live in, there’s a lot of hills on the highway, I tend to coast or use electric on the downhill which helps, I’m also driving generally downhill on the main highways i use. I also could probably get better milage like up to 42 mpg or so.
MY FRIEND
Wild horse wants revenge for last night
Allen key, Allen wrench, hex key, hex wrench are all things I’ve heard used
1. Do you even know what third world actually means? 2. Why be such an offensive jerk? 3. This is a bad ruling for both parties as there is also a case against a Democrat gerrymandered state, though the case for it is much weaker than Ohio, North Carolina, or Pennsylvania.
Look, you’re using inflammatory language on the Internet, that’s usually considered a far from polite action. I also never said anything about what my political opinions were, so you’re making very gross assumptions about myself and my thoughts. Pray tell, what are the policies and/or reasons you are attracted to the politicians you support? I don’t give a rats ass personally about who someone is as long as they follow our laws (which gerrymandering is specifically labeled as illegal) and they have policies which I support. I have historically voted for both parties, financially you could call me a conservative, however I do think that our country needs to look towards the future about what our children and grandchildren will inherit, so I also support reform of things such as education. Do me a favor and don’t make assumptions about others who say something slightly contrary to what you put out especially if it’s in very charged language, thanks.
I bought one of the two packs before going to college, one bottle lasted me 2 years. Though, when you get frequent migraines or have back/knee pain, you do start going through them more @my parents
Nah I’d say even the people from Pittsburgh because they’re forsaking the pirates
It wasn’t a matter of which tank had a better weapon or defenses in tank vs. tank combat. The side skirts and spaced armor is to defend against shaped charge warheads. Historically almost all tank combat is determined by who gets the first accurate shot on target, the only situations where this isn’t true are for instance, in the case of tiger 131, where an underpowered 6 pounder managed to jam the turret mechanism causing the crew to abandon the tank. The 75mm armed Sherman’s struggled with the tiger 1’s armor but generally didn’t have much issue against the Panzer 3’s and 4’s Edit: I tried to rely on memory instead of my books.
It wouldn’t matter because while it presents a larger target the Sherman has better visibility for the commander to spot with therefore making it more likely for the Sherman to get the first shot on target and therefore win the engagement.
Ah serves me right for trying to go off memory instead of my resources thanks.
MIKEY MOTHERFUCKING BICEPS LORENZEN
No, it’s a very similar city as far as feel, especially in the suburbs, but isn’t nearly as expensive and has very different politics which for some people could be a reason. For others, they’re here because of work. My ex’s family moved here because her dad is a pilot and is stationed at CVG
Hush we all like two wheeled recreational transportation, and don’t say otherwise
thank mr Scooter
I’m a music major so I have to either arrive early or follow the band from St. John’s because of my friends in OSUMB
When you make it out to Wright Patt, make sure you give the museum an entire day, even going quickly without reading anything the museum will take over 4 hours.
Regardless of race or creed I love watching players who have major heart and enjoyment of the game, which is why I like seeing Puig and Senzel as well as Ervin.
As a reds fan I hoe they’re 4 and 5 next season especially with how they’ve been on this most recent run
I personally like how the legs pop, it also allows for the logo to shine out more because of the added contrast than the early cream unis they’ve worn imo
You still have no excuse to talk about 30 years compared to 108.
The first 10-20 games of every season is what’s holding the reds back every year. If they didn’t start 1-8 you know the division would be different
Hey, idk if you’ve seen me around the sub or not, but I’m also a cubs fan. Let’s not be massive dicks.
I appreciate the joke but just to let you know they’re called cymbals
Exactly. This is beyond awful why would you threaten anyone’s life??
You’re never too old to enjoy a movie. I took my nephew to see frozen 2 and I quite enjoyed it
Life is just a bunch of fuck it moments
Go Michigan! As much as it hurts to say, I respect Michigan, but I can’t stand Bama and the SEC (bar LSU) Edit: apparently most of you don’t realize that if Michigan wins the prize money is spread across the B1G which is good for us.
I’m cheering for Michigan both because I hate Bama and because if Michigan wins the bowl prize is spread to the entire B1G
She’s a UC grad and fan, so I’d only have to apologize if it were Memphis or UCF. I’m getting lunch with her tomorrow
Damn man who’s cutting onion in here Jeff was the one guy I’d run into a couple mornings every week my first year and he’d always strike up a conversation. I didn’t realize until the end of first semester who he was and he never let that color our small relationship.
Mate you’re being a dick just cut your losses at this point
Consensus seems to disagree
Please tell me which part of 75 so I can grab some popcorn. Good thing I’m right on 75 too
Once you either have friends or start getting some infrastructure it becomes pretty easy to make money. I made 3.3 mil for the deluxo on sale this past week just switching between cargo, cars, bunker and nightclub stuff with one or two heist a nigjt
Fighting and ice are among the best offensive typings, but both are pretty poor defensively
Like said, it’s a good offensive typing. That’s why pokemon that can learn fighting moves outside of STAB are generally considered good
When I was in Australia, I would agree with you. Hungry jacks was also easier to find in the parts I was in
I thought he might stay especially how his final game ended this season
Loudest OSU game I’ve been to was the explosive third quarter at the CCG this season, loudest at Ohio stadium was during the 2018 Michigan game. Hot take quietest moment I’ve seen was the Penn state game this season when Justin got hurt
If you do the diamond heist you can easily do it with 3 people (2-4) as long as two or all three know hacking and you have an expert hacker especially on artwork
Yeah they just made it free, you need to go onto forclosures to find it. If you want a quick guide for how to efficiently do the heist I’m more than happy to run you through
You hush
I would be careful with casually throwing about the general terms here, I know many Catholics and Methodists are highly against this and are turning even more away from trump.
I’m speaking more from an Institutional Level about most Catholics, unfortunately many sects do not follow a lot of teachings especially in America, partly because the college of bishops here are an awful group. If you can’t tell I don’t practice any more because of them.
I agree completely. Some of my favorite priests are those who make the darkest jokes against the church because they believe if you can’t mock yourself and your beliefs then what’ll be the line. Unfortunately many more cannot recognize the difference between mocking an institution and a religion.
Maslanka is a better example than some of them. He died part way through writing his 10tha and his son finished it for him. The third movement of 10 (entirely written by the son) has some of the most just raw emotion I’ve ever felt in a piece Edit: for anyone interested here is Ohio State’s performance https://youtu.be/SWuCJ8Sq_4s
Sorry I was thinking more to jersey where I’ve never seen cheese on a coney, my apologies
I don’t know many recordings but the Ohio State wind symphony performed it last year, you should be able to find it on the OSU school of music YouTube. The concert was either in February or April. Edit: found it from The conductor who was part of the commission https://youtu.be/SWuCJ8Sq_4s
You have completely forgotten clockwork orange.
I got to meet him last year when we did 10, Matthew came to our university for the week of the performance and coached our wind symphony as well as pour his heart out to us about the piece
Oh don’t forget her General fucking over of the city. And how much she still influences it because her money is everywhere
I like the quirks of the field
Shit I play scout sniper with the kar and a Vlk optic mostly because I prefer a larger FOV
Something a little on the goofy side that you may be able to find with some searching, (I found my copy about 6 years ago so things may have changed) there’s a piece called blockhead polka that’s pretty easy to learn quickly and is a crowd pleaser. I know there is a recording on Vintage marimba music
you forget about the shittsburgh pirates and their history of dirty baseball
It also works pretty good with the older ravnica bounce lands that tap for both colors
when we were growing up, my brother would always prefer to go lay down in the bathroom curled up in front of the toilet. I tripped over a groaning kid more than enough times in the middle of the night
I need to get one of those I promised my boy Jaxson at the end of highschool that if he made it pro I’d buy his jersey.
Fair, but tbh I hated a lot of people there
Well we know how to root him on, we need a nickname still
Problem is I feel like puig and Amir Garrett would just team up, it would be like the ending of The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny
But they lose every time
Considering two of the most memorable fights I’ve seen in a while from any team came from my own, I have to go with the Cincy Shreds headlined by Amir “Batman” Garrett, Michael “biceps” Lorenzen, and Joseph “daddy” Votto. They also have new additions of Akiyama and a LITERAL FUCKING MOOSE. In conclusion I really want to see a brawl between reds and Yankees no holds barred
Weekly reminder: Fuck Chris Archer
I fuckin hope so. I’m 20 and the reds are starting to push
Could also be Oregon wanting you catch up and chat before the game week two next season
Is OSUball gonna be ok cause he (and we) seem to only hate tigers that aren’t water tigers from the bayou. I’m worried he may have a problem wanting to hurt LSU but also wanting to be friends. Real Jekyll/Hyde thing going on
He definitely deserves it too. He is the most important neoromantic film composer, up there with the likes of Korngold and Steiner. Consider the fact that before Jaws and Starwars became hits movies didn’t really have many classical scores especially ones with major Leitmotif influences. John Williams more or less singlehandedly revived the classic Hollywood blockbuster film score. I’ll say it he is the greatest composer of the modern generation, and his work will be remembered like Stravinsky, Tchaikovsky, mussorgsky, Beethoven and the like.
I think you might like listening to the podcast “The Soundtrack Show” the host is a huge Williams fan as am I and he gives a lot of background on Williams and the movies he talks about and also plays excerpts from interviews from Williams and Ben Burt for the starwars episodes
If you go back and listen to the scores without any sort of visual, I would argue that the sequels are on par with and in some cases even better than the prequels, consider the fact that there are more memorable themes in each score from the sequels than in each prequel barring ROTS. I also really appreciate the use of similar motifs that are unique in each film compared to the OT(which is my favorite) if you listen to ESB Williams reuses so many of the ideas from ANH that even the imperial march feels like it should be in the former movie. In the sequels each movie has memorable and unique ideas that help develop and identity for each movie, regardless of what happens on screen.
I can’t speak on the linguistics behind it but orchestral scores have been used for centuries at this point and we continue to use the term
I’m fucked. I’m currently in band rehearsal at university with National Association for Schools of Music representatives sitting in. Then of course there’s all the regular people that are but thankfully I’m in the back of them
Facts right here, I’m semi ashamed that I’ve been using the 725 to go for platinum shotguns, I enjoy having a task to work towards when I play. Recently however, I’ve been going to pistols in HC, did. the deagle and finished the X19 last night, I’ll be starting on the .357 next
Fair, though I do enjoy my pistols as pistols
The .45’s I agree, the 9mm pistol pretty much needs at least a double tap to be consistent if not 3 per person
I guess I’ve also been hitting lower body a lot, getting long shots with pistols seems somewhat inconsistent at times which could also be the cause when I go for those
Yeah was it a bad call? Yes Did I like seeing it? Also yes I do think Clemson is getting a bit of what happened to OSU but LSU is getting calls against them. As someone who just wants to see Clemson hurt I’m enjoying this
Huh sounds kinda familiar
As a student and fan I daresay i hate Clemson more than I hate Michigan which is nearing blasphemy round these parts
Axton was by far the best character to solo BL2 with and his abilities made it hard for you to die with the right set up
I played Sal, and while good for bosses he never was quite as fun overall
Are you sure? Take a look at yardage due to penalties between the two games. Also the circumstances of the blown calls are different between the two games. In one there had to be irrefutable evidence to overturn the td, which there wasn’t, in the other that was a different story
Agreed incredibly annoying, and it was satisfying to see some karmic justice last night but your statement definitely rings true
The fuck off grounds
Na na na na Na na na na Hey hey hey GOOD-FUCKING-BYE
OSU student here, during the game I commented to my friend “that’s as bad if not worse than the Nittany Lion”
My cats are both weird in their own ways but my shorthair tortoiseshell every night hops on my bed and likes to hide under my blanket when I throw it over my bed and then she’ll stick her head out and sit down there until I change and get in bed then she’ll hop out and usually be annoying for a bit wanting pets but then she’ll settle down and cuddle with me while I pet her belly. Once I stop like I’m about to fall asleep she’ll hop down and go about her nightly business
I’m just sad we can’t sweep them again this season
Almost tempting enough to fly to Oakland with one of my marching drums
I quite literally grew up watching him all the way from the Dayton Dragons, I will quite possibly cry when he’s done
They both kinda look like Sam Raimi
I do write drumline music, though it’s mainly built for highschools haha
Now that is a drive I would gladly make to assist him in making a real ruckus. I’m sure my Cle fan percussion studio TA wouldn’t be opposed to taking some up either
It would’ve been really funny to see OSUball say something along the lines of H8 tigers, geaux tigahs. Cognitive dissonance is wonderful
Good thing robosexuality is under pan
Good choice mate
Honestly let him take it. Anyone remember the last time he won a post season game as a manager?
Shh we don’t talk about that year
Lord pigeon. Long may he reign For the uninitiated: https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/6cievd/lord_pigeon_alert_the_reds_have_hit_two_homeruns/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
I feel like you’d enjoy the Dayton dragon as well
I like this you just reminded me that I had on cactus underwear when I performed in the Sydney Opera House, and I tore my tux pants like 30 minutes before we performed
Trust me, it’s not an overreaction at all. I’ve seen someone paralyzed by this move, and it took him 8 years to walk again. It’s extremely dangerous, and illegal for a reason.
Completely agree there. Coombs is the guy that we would look out for in cincy through Highschool as far as who was going places. I do think it’s really sad the cultural rift in some areas between cincy and other areas. Iirc Coombs came to Moeller to talk to Sam Hubbard while I was there
I see some things differently than you regarding the state, in general cincys roads are overall more consistent, and while 75 has been under work for decades so has 71 out of cbus
We also fucked ourselves as a city on the streetcar, and PB stadium, and the west side development attempts, and much more
I’ve only driven around Columbia on two separate trips, but I’d rate their drivers between Columbus and Cincinnati, worse than Columbus but better the cincy. Cbus drivers are but they recognize their mistakes, cincy on the other hand is full of assholes and do dumb shit on purpose and don’t give a crap if you get into an accident because of them
Crotales are meant t be somewhat jarring for the player, otherwise they won’t speak through the texture. Generally the softest mallet i would play on crotales in band or orchestra settings is a hard xylophone mallet like the Becker Blues from malletech (BB34) in small ensemble setting you can get away with a lot more due to thinner texture
Thanks to you and the rest of the mods!
I know Dayton adores the Dragons and the players they’ve seen go to the reds. I grew up watching Votto, Bruce, Todd Coffey and many more go through Dayton. Shit until I was like 5 I didn’t know or really care about the reds because I had the dragons.
I don’t think anyone likes marge Schott or her memory so I’m ok with you remembering that. But if you don’t like Joey Batts I will proverbially kick your ass
You’re more than welcome to join us at r/reds we love getting some outsiders with us, and we’ve had a few people stick around after being traded to us for the ASB trade game
Of my non straight friends, the ones that I’m still quite good friends with are the ones that I didn’t even know their sexual proclivities until multiple months knowing each other
My big problem is that my originality and creativity shows itself through my work as a music major, so I often times don’t show it outside of that especially because a lot of people aren’t super interested in how music works just that they like it
I used to get super embarrassed and would even get second hand embarrassment, but the last few years I realized that nobody really cares, and that “it’s only embarrassing if you let it be” it’s really helped
give a listen to Clapping music. it takes one pattern and then lays the same pattern overtop just shifted one note every variation
i had that part when performing story, it was really fun to do. you could go and you. round round. round round round.
one of cage's contemporaries studying under the same person, was one of the first serious female composers to write for percussion is a really cool story, Johanna Bayer. as the story goes, a painting was found hidden in a barn or house or somewhere, and the finder decided to get it appraised and fixed up, when the frame was removed, there was this piece of music simply titled "IV" written without any defined instruments.
dont you try and turn me into a liverpool fan. when it comes to premier league and MLS i bleed blue.
FCC and Chelsea
As someone very vested in the arts up in Columbus (as a music student) cincinnati has a fair amount of arts going on just not as much as Columbus which prides itself on its scene. Cincinnati has many things going on for music hall, they have tons of concerts of different styles at CCM and at least one Sunday a month Rusty Berge, one of the percussion professors at CCM plays jazz at Washington Platform. That’s just for regular music We don’t have as much as other cities but we still have arts around here. Cincinnati lacks the venues for multiple smaller groups to perform, if that commenter thinks we don’t have a music scene. Just around campus I can think of 5 different places that my friends bands play at, and they’re incredibly popular. In cincy I can only really think of Washington Platform and Mecklenberg gardens
[just breathe](https://giphy.com/gifs/mlb-cincinnati-reds-cincinanati-baseball-McHZRnMLmY1MY) Edit [on base](https://gfycat.com/limpinggoodnaturedhoopoe) [I’m Batman](https://gfycat.com/meatyoldfashionedjavalina) [no fly zone ](https://gfycat.com/calculatingsafekomododragon)
I agree. Fuck the DH
Try goat milk powder it adds an even nastier funk, it’s also really good for lasagna when you don’t need any extra liquid
What about goulash? That’s Hungarian erasure
I’ll give my roommate a little ribbing for ordering pineapple on a pizza we’re sharing but I’ll still eat it
He doesn’t do it often and when he gets pineapple he pays for the whole za Our usual shared is pep sausage and mushrooms
Fuck Ryan Braun
Give me one goddamnit I just want to be able to go see one post season game down in cincy, even better if I can go on my birthday this year in September
They rehearse weekdays 4-6 and then Saturday morning they report 6 hours before game time
I think that one should deserve the shitcan award
That’s just full ensemble rehearsals, i don’t know all of their sectional schedules. When our percussion studio played with the band, we had 4 extra sectional rehearsals with the drumline
I love the guy, but our outfield is stacked and I’d rather let him get more playtime and advance our team
*evil laughter* https://imgur.com/gallery/y7N6TKZ
I love every single rehearsal I get to have with him in wind symphony. In this rehearsal cycle (8 total) we’re playing Maslanka’s “Child’s Garden of Dreams”. Rehearsal 3 for it is tomorrow, and I really hate how much percussion equipment we have [here is my set up](https://imgur.com/gallery/ZEp5LHd) Yo y can’t really see the four gongs on the left side and this piece in general is a PITA but sounds amazing
Now that’s a creative euphemism
It’s likely going going to be Castellanos, Senzel/Akiyama, Winker/Ervin Akiyama and Aquino still need to learn MLB pitching, and Winker was platooned with Ervin last year once he came up
Come on just a little more get rid of the SS and I’m fucking gone
I like you My dad grew up a cubs fan in the northern suburbs of Chicago but became a reds fan living in Dayton for 15 years
(OSU student here) Tom W Davis Smiles upon all of Reds country on this glorious day
I agree, though the way his winter league ball has been going he may start in AAA
Aquino hasn’t been great this winter ball season so he’ll probably be in AAA, Shogo needs to figure out MLB pitching so he’ll probably start getting periodic starts, Winker and Ervin will likely be platooned in left. Aquino ad Castellanos are both right fielders with less mobility than you’d hope for
This does make sense. I love nick but he’s our biggest trade piece right now and we really need an upgrade at SS. With 5/6 players able to play outfield it is getting busy out there. I’d like to see him stay because he’s good stability and very cheap at that and he also can play infield to give moose or Geno a day off.
Seager?
I’d prefer to see Winker gone over Senzel I’ve not really liked him that much personally
Great time for me
Big Red Death Machine
I think seeing so many Dragons players go to the Reds and me growing up a choosing the reds turned him.
I think Adames is better overall and with 5 years of control is very valuable to us as a franchise
“I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve” - ~~Admiral Yamamoto~~ all of baseball
Come join us on r/reds we have some of the most entertaining and engaged game threads and we have one week a year right around spring training where we turn into a communist meme sub
No [we shall seize the means of run production ](https://imgur.com/gallery/iY1cN6n)
NL Central has always been the biggest bloodbath in baseball even if the teams weren’t the best on paper
Mmm fresh Bear/bird suasage paid for with dead pirate gold and washed down with some good beer. Porkopolis shall rise again
Nor do I towards the cubs, now the St Louis Shitbirds? I want to see us kill them throughout and win both the first and last series of the season against them.
I checked my phone during class and saw we had him, maybe I should put it away again
I disagree. The cards have only won the division on some pixie dust September bullshit. With how the Reds have improved, they can definitely take the division this year over the cards. Not to mention that Votto had the worst season of his career, and our hitting took a major hit. Now we’ve fixed the hitting in multiple ways as well as adding pitching and more development in that field. The reds are a lot better this season than just their signing
Consequently cardinal chances come crashing at conclusion of Cincinnati’s championship
Because it adds more to the overall strategy both on offense and defense, yes.
Reds also have a damn scary rotation this season
Yes you can come one down to r/reds the best red themed baseball subreddit in town!
No WE MUST SEIZE THE MEANS OF RUN PRODUCTION
I like this timeline
We like our hitting pitchers on the Ohio
I’m sad that I have but one upvote to give
At Ohio State we consistently talk about how the worst fans of our teams are the ones that either didn’t attend or aren’t from here, it sounds pretty similar for you guys
Amen. I may hate your team’s guts but I’ve only met a couple Cards fans I didn’t like, and they were just being assholes in GABP
Disagree, Pirates fans are way worse than cubs fans as far as the central goes
Overall I’d say pirates fans are way worse than you guys
Damn you know what I actually kinda like this
After going through that, I agree. May the Astros never win another post season series
Well now you’ve gone and done it. Mizzou gets the death penalty
Nah nah nah he’s gonna blow the wildcard game
Please yes dusty
I do as well if he can stay healthy. His bat rn is a Votto jr which I want to see him develop that as well
Pretty much everything we’ve done with pitching has been overshadowed by moose, Castellanos, and Akiyama
I’d throw r/mls up there probably around #3
Yeah, the AL arguments in this thread are like 90% Yankees fans. Keep to your own damn side of baseball. Even without the DH the NL has more offense and we like our pitchers hitting. If you play in the field you should hit.
You summed up 98% of my reasons for wanting the DH to stay out of the NL
Also with Bell Castillo could be at 8, with Galvis at 9
Get used to it bud, we’re coming for the division ;)
I don’t want to see Castellanos hitting if he isn’t in the field. The sport is also about maximizing strategy within your confines, not changing the rules. Keeping with the reds, we saw David Bell change his lineup strategy having the pitcher bat 8th sometimes, which I found pretty interesting concept wise. He was doing his best work within his confines of both rules and team
I will say the CLE dominates most of Ohio with probably a 60/40 split in Columbus, however the reds have a lot more fan land going south and into Indy, even down to the Carolinas and Georgia thanks to WLW and their broadcasts through the 80’s
What about going to more of UC’s scheme with primarily red and black but also gray and white
12 cylinder in line will make that car very long.
This is the car I would buy if I had Fuck You Money, and probably drop a new engine in it as another fuck you. That said it’s beautiful and one of my favorite vehicles of all time
Thanks mate, take care
In Cincinnati you can tell what side of the Ohio someone is from by their accent and it’s a point of contention between cincy, Northern Kentucky and Indy
Very true. I just got a notification for a hundred upvotes in my comment against schott on here from yesterday. She was awful and hated just about everyone
Interesting, I’ve been all throughout the south traveling and somehow I always meet people who bring it up, either themselves or especially their parents. it could very well be your location as well.
I’m in college, last summer I made it to 10 or so games. I’m hoping to make it to more this season. With tickets gameday at $10 I can afford it especially since GABP lets visitors bring a soft cooler with drinks in
Amir Garrett committed quite few NOBLETIGER’s last season as well as fighting the pirates
Having simultaneously the best and most annoying announcers at the same time I miss you Marty but you’re still my radio guy ;-; tHom can suck a dick for a majority of his calls, but he does get excited which I appreciate
After his rookie season, Nick Senzel. I love him a lot
12 cylinders I believe and they are massive
I won’t be able to make a meetup other than Saturday April 11th until the start of May due to college exams but I’d be down
It’s one of those ingredients that adds a lot of flavor for other inhredients but you don’t necessarily notice it itself, much like how a good soft bread or cookie without salt just feels flat and boring
I learned this last year that the complexity of their drill is determined by how many weeks they have for the show. The show we played with them was a two week show so pretty complex, and most of their time is spent out on the field cleaning visuals instead of music
Shows what I know about the B1G marching bands as a concert musician haha I wish I could’ve done marching band again but my schedules are much too busy for the added ensemble and practice
The reds shit kicking the rest of the NL central, especially with having former cubs and brewers players on the roster now. Also Senzel and Akiyama both becoming absolute stand out players
Same here. I know for a fact that under David Bell the Redlegs weren’t cheating because he’d call it out all the time and get rebuked for it from the Umps and league. Hence his “if they won’t protect our guys we’ll do it ourselves” speech and mentality
Would that be better or worse than losing to the reds in the playoff series as they go to win the WS?
Me too :D
Replay of the 1919 World Series incoming (with hopefully no cheating)
That’s gonna be a no from me Chief
I think out much upgrades hitting will help us. Our defense has been there pitching is great we just had one of the worst hitting seasons I’ve seen, and all of our pieces have decent or better bats. I’m confident
Cincinnati Bloods Vs Chicago crips??
We want to give all the cubs fans in Cincinnati some major Schadenfreude this season
I’d say scooter ankle is a more worthwhile death
*gleefully rubs hands together*
I had to check who posted this because two reds players were the examples haha
Good good let the hate consume you, become like the NL Central
Yeah we dont* The players (aside from a couple) and fans are good, the ownership, everyone can hate Edit
Sonny Gray left the Yankees and became 50x better, what does that say about their coaching?
Freddy Galvis for Steve Rogers(captain America) Immediate defense upgrade at short, a killer bat, and the one guy faster than Billy Hamilton to boot Edit: due to pedantry haha
Not a problem! Glad I could be of some assistance. I’m always extremely excited for this week
Fair point
That would appear to be the case
Ah that would be correct. My apologies for misremembering I do remember talking with mods at some point about making the week before ST meme week
The big thing is that it doesn’t allow provocateurs to hide within the crowd and turn it into a riot
He may be reporting what he was told, but videos from a lot of protestors show differently. There were some videoing for over 5 hours I saw and nothing was done for them
Ohio will truly become a warzone at that point, with Columbus and Cincinnati both being among the worst for police atrocities during these protests.
Unless they’re C&amp;R guns, or you’re a licensed machine gun dealer. Ian from Forgotten Weapons has multiple automatic weapons as a historian and collector.
That’s usually used when they mean to say “I’m fucking pissed but I’m currently trying to calm down so I can figure out the best strategy to retaliate with the people I know and resources I can use”
Let us hope that more level heads will prevail than the draconian ones of the NG at Kent State. Signed: an Ohioan amateur historian
Probably why our protests are being met so forcefully. Columbus and Cincinnati police have been part of some of the worst atrocities of these protests. Over 100 cincinnatians were held overnight without food water or restrooms, and were live-streaming the whole way. Police in Cincinnati also raised the thin blue line flag over the Hamilton county justice center, citing that the flag had been stolen and they couldn’t replace it... in a place where every room must have an American flag.
You can’t trust that however. In Cincinnati officers knelt long enough for a photo then put their gear back on and commenced attacking
And there goes all of the money arts and sciences gained under Drake
Mixed bag. She’s caught flak for money stuff but she seems decently competent especially regarding stem fields
I disagree. Other than OSU and bowl games he’s been a good coach. He’s been doing a good job of revitalizing the Michigan program, however i think it’ll be the next coach who’ll take his groundwork and run with it
Love to see it coach. Keep fighting the good fight.
It’s been making the rounds for a couple years in at least some circles. The music school knew by December 2018 that he was planning on retiring soon, though we knew drake better than most as he’s a jazz guitarist (which gets a lot of jokes directed his way)
There has definitely been a growing schism within the Catholic Church, especially in America. I’m non practicing, however I would be considered part of the papist group, who dislikes the American College of Bishops and wants more focus on the teachings of the pope himself.
It’s been noticed that tear gas can have various respiratory affects on people even if they haven’t been noted for asthma or other health issues if they could be even at risk for them
**Testing and contact tracing** Ohio State will soon announce details of a voluntary pilot testing program for those students, faculty and staff who are part of the phased return occurring for a limited number of units, including health professionals, researchers, student-athletes, marching band members and other students in the performing arts. The results of this pilot will be used to inform decisions about broader testing for autumn. &amp;#x200B; **Athletics** As part of the phased reopening, university leaders are working on a plan to enable student-athletes to resume practice and competition. This includes the phased reopening of the Woody Hayes Athletic Center and the Schumaker Complex. Final plans for all sports will be subject to decisions made by the Big Ten Conference and NCAA, and directives of state and local health authorities. “Regarding football, our hope and intention is to safely have a football season, with an audience spaced out in our stadium, but we haven’t made any final decisions,” Drake said. “The task force has been and will remain laser-focused on the safety and well-being of the university community,” said Gail Marsh, Ohio State’s chief strategy officer and chair of the COVID-19 Transition Task Force. “This process has required a comprehensive look at the entirety of Ohio State, which is effectively a city within a city, and collecting vast amounts of data to make evidence-based decisions. “Faculty, staff and students across the university have lent their expertise to help us arrive at this point.” Drake said the university must strike the proper balance of risks, including those related to health as well as social and economic harms.
Symphony in B Flat &gt; Symphonic Metamorphoses
Not always. I’d definitely rather get public care in Switzerland (I’ve been to the hospital here) than in the US with pretty good insurance
Man, it really be all the CPD’s in the Midwest committing some of the worst atrocities of the protests. Between people begging for insulin to be returned to them, protestors held without food or water overnight, the raising of the thin blue line flag over the Cincinnati courthouse, Chicago, Columbus, Cincinnati, and Cleveland have all been awful
When I was at protests in cincy, nearly all protestors had masks on, even if they weren’t distanced. I noticed many more cops without masks than protestors
The problem in both Cincinnati and Columbus is that prior to curfew, about 20 minutes prior iirc on Monday in cincy was when the police moved in and got aggressive arresting people. What is illegal about being out 20 minutes before curfew?
OP Said they were in and out faster than a majority of people. I know multiple individuals who were kept for 14.5 hours or more without food water or bathroom access, which is considered negligent. One persons experience does not the norm equate.
I went to a catholic highschool. Every single religion teacher but one voted pretty far left. The only one who didn’t, had communist tendencies but always voted republican because of abortion.
100% agree. It may even take multiple countries, or the whole of NATO pulling out to truly get America to sit up and Listen
Huh really seems to be why cincinnati and Columbus have had some of the worst stuff happening, neither city holds police accountable and the governments are dragging their feet to do anything
The Mosin and Arisaka actions end up different to the Mauser action after a while, so I’d say no.
Is this the 30’s red scare or the Cold War red scare?
As far as broad examples, and cock on open actions, most guns are mausers but on specifics especially after time they develop out of that. But similarly not every cock on close is an enfield
Amen to that. So many wonder why we do things that may lead to personal harm, but we do it for the good of all not the good of ourselves. I like to say this: I live my life not for myself, but for those around me and those to come after me so they may live in peace and freedom.
This applies to movies a lot especially with music. For instance, the marching band in Jaws is diegetic as the characters can hear it
It’s a laser but low damage. Decent gun in HC but I’m not a fan for core
Why does everyone want more .50 rifles? The Barrett isn’t an antipersonell gun, it’s an anti materiel rifle, and isn’t really used today except for EOD
Good luck to you and your wife in Columbus! I’m a regular OSU student transplanted from cincy and I love it up here. If you ever need a taste of home there’s a skyline on Olentangy River road as well as an Adriaticos near campus. I’ll be moving into a house on June 15 on Chittenden, and I’m excited as can be
Your second to last paragraph hit me in the feels as a current music student at OSU
It could be possible to do something to make a statement that’s also really cool. In 2015 Iirc, a grad of the OSU percussion studio was part of a project to turn the Green Monster in Boston into an instrument with a light show. Here is their page on it. If we start thinking outside the box we can put our respective artistic talents to good use for this movement http://www.masarystudios.com/waking-the-monster
If you look closer when they pan down, there are pillars of earth pushing the statue over from underneath
I’d absolutely love for the stadium to be renamed after sandy Koufax, Youkilis or both, a the biggest fuck you ever naming it after a couple jewish baseball greats
Present: Flaherty Past: Moustakas
Two reds come immediately to mind: Billy Hamilton and Tucker Barnhart
Ohio has corn, but not really in Columbus Shit they planted various corn plants outside science buildings last year
Boat rowing intensifies
As discussed above right now it comes to returning personell, with OSU having the edge at WR and Oline, whereas Clemson has RB. Qb is a tossup for sure
How can you argue that B1G isn’t a good conference? You’re coming from the SEC which is most overweighted conference in football. What would you call the ACC or PAC 12 if B1G isn’t good?
Agreed. Best of luck to you guys this year, except for when we play
How about I hate your entire team less than Sean Clifford? He went to my rival HS and was a dick back then even before knowing where I went.
If the first happens to be located on a river in a valley, I’ll concede that
I’ve seen the opposite between my friends MBP and my XPS 15, same year model, equivalent parts and all. He’s had many more issues with his MacBook than I have with my dell. The biggest issue I had was due to a driver error and all I had to do was download an update, buddy has had hardware and software issues as well as heat problems
I would consider myself fiscally conservative (but socially quite liberal) and I completely agree with all of these, however for me, social policies outweigh financial ones so I vote according to my beliefs
I’ve found that compliance is lot more consistent in more diverse areas, with an interesting balance as far as class. Lower income, and higher income folks are both ignoring it as far as I’ve seen in cincy
Unfortunately, there’s been a lot of sources in Ohio saying “virus over go have fun” and people who’ve been fighting quarantine have pretty much ignored anything else. Also, our amazing health head Dr. Acton, resigned today and I’m sad
I’d suggest getting a golf one. Keeps your bag a bit dryer
In the dorms without ac they started giving students a fan last year
As a student I also much prefer 3:30 games. Fuckin frat parties before games have to start at 9 in the goddamn morning if it’s a noon game, and the OSUMB has to report by 6 am. Big Nude Kickoff blows when you have it every damn week
We’re killer nuts
I’m a music major so I can make some music ones
Am music major, I’ve got a fair few if I scroll back far enough
I really don’t get why so many people in our state have a major hate boner for Cincinnati. Like it’s still a part of our state and does a fair amount of good for the rest of it.
Will do, take care friend
In highschool (Ohio), my home room collected all the aluminum cans for recycling and we made easily enough money every month that we could get pizza twice a semester and still spend more on the homeroom
There’s been a lot of pushback in all of the three C’s unfortunately, we’ve also seen some of the harshest police responses, from pepper spraying elected officials and disabled folks, to holding peaceful protestors for up to 14 hours with little or no access to food water or bathrooms.
Friendship ended with Tomas Mueller, Messi is my new friend
Ma Bell 2.0: instead of taking over other telecoms they steal players from any team the Jays beat
Better than Pearl would be Remo drum heads. And that logo would be pretty cool just being a crown. I’d buy a jersey with that
I thought it was Aaron earned an Iron Urn?
What about Kevin Youkilis Field at Koufax stadium? Two of UC’s former players, which provides even better clap back at Schott since both are Jewish
I’d like to have both. It’s even better as a jab against Schott since both are/were Jewish
It says for the purpose of arguing, or altercations. Normal play is ok
Yeah they tend to do that a lot to us, especially tHom
I don’t disagree with you but it makes sense to limit contact where possible
If they can deal with my bullshit every time there’s a strikeout, you’ll be good
For me it tends to be more my beard than anything else. I shave every 1-2 weeks, but my face shape is so different a few days after shaving people think I look completely different
Superior armor is such a narrow way of looking at the situation. Did the panther have a more powerful gun? Yes Did it have more frontal armor? Yes Was it ergonomic and effective to fight in? No Could it fight traveling long distance? No Could it be transported to the battle? With difficulty Could the Sherman 75 still penetrate the panther? Yes Sure the panther has better paper stats but as an effective fighting vehicle, the Sherman was much better. If the transmission or final drives broke, just unbolt the front and replace it. For the panther it would be 1-2 weeks to fix that. Iirc the Sherman had the highest daily combat readiness by a large margin of any tank. It was also able to be transported anywhere in the world and was designed to fight everywhere. The Sherman was the best tank for the US’ needs for the war and it got them through it. Sometimes simple, reliable, and good enough is the winning combination.
The Sherman 75 was a competent tank. There’s a reason why most units didn’t want the 76, because the 75 was good enough and they didn’t want to introduce more necessary parts into the supply chain. HVSS suspension was good but not necessary, and the 75 could penetrate both the Panther and Tiger 1 at the right angle. I implore you, watch The Chieftain’s Videos on YouTube about the Sherman.
Even if the Sherman was penetrated it was very likely the crew would survive. The tank branch actually had the lowest death rate of all US service in the war, around 3%.
I’m sorry, are you saying that the man who reads actual technical documents for information on his work isn’t good enough?
Well then pray tell in your words what happened in Normandy that can excuse every other theater and operation of the war
Ok, that’s a good start, what else happened? Historically whoever fired first tended to win because the vast majority of rounds that hit, regardless of what gun that fired them, penetrated. That still doesn’t invalidate every other combat action
American doctrine for most of the war dictated that Sherman’s only goal wasn’t to kill tanks but to support the infantry and other uses where the 75 and it’s better HE capability was preferred, such as against soft vehicles. It was primarily tank destroyers branch to respond to breakthroughs of German vehicles, with their fast speed, low armor, and stronger guns. The Americans wanted turreted tank destroyers so they used smaller caliber guns with higher velocity rounds. Such as the 3 inch gun for the early war. TD branch also usually operates closer to supply lines so more diverse shell calibers among then was manageable, whereas for the ranks it was more challenging. The fact that support vehicles for the Sherman had bigger and better guns is much more a doctrinal difference than anything else. The interwar period was all about discovering combat tactics for a rapidly evolving type of warfare, much like with aircraft in the sky.
I believe it’s an air intake
Please donate if you can to the T1 trust. They’ve been putting some amazing work out there and imo deserve all the help in the world.
There’s a lot of guys who very much care about their partners enjoyment first. For me, as a switch, I’m all about my partner whether they want to be in charge or they want me to. The girl I’ve been with rn is very sub but I still want to give her satisfaction before I get anything, unless she specifically asks for it
Hey now, according to the old guy sitting in a wheelchair on the sidewalk that I passed, that mask is killing you faster than covid
I’m very glad all of my red hats are noticeably different. My Redlegs hat has a large white script C on both sides and is a flat bill I’ve curled due to my massive head. I have a hat for my university that’s gray in the back, and my other has the mascot from my highschool on the back with our logo large on front
I’m glad my reds hat is the script C flatbill that I’ve curved, it’s super obvious from shape alone that it’s different along with the massive logo and pattern under the bill and the back is pretty clear too
I usually get 10 or so game updates per month on my Xbox, totally around 300 Gb, I have games on my computer, I stream most of my video entertainment, and I’m a musician that spends a fair amount of time using a fair amount of data moving around compositions and recordings I make
Personally, I grew up with windows thanks to my mom being a service admin, so I have a Dell XPS 15 as my college laptop. I use an iPhone and have an IPad that school have to students. The only thing I can really say is that depending on your major, you may want to stick with windows. I’m a music major so I can get away with either system but Apple would be better for my creative outlets. My best friend is an engineering major and most of their programs only run in windows so he has to dual boot his Mac, which is the Apple equivalent to my computer, 2018 pro. YMMV but I’d take a look at your needs and pick what’s best for you. I’m very happy with my decision, as is my friend but he sometimes questions his choice
That’s why I have mad respect for music store employees especially those who can talk shop. I’m a music major in classical percussion, so i always get a little excited to talk about something other than Set. I also love learning tips on taking care of my basses. I’m still a student but I chose to teach highschool drumlines instead of shop work mostly because a lot of what was mentioned would get on my nerves
My mom started working tech security after being a Microsoft systems admin for years. It’s tedious she says but she likes the changes, escrow when she’s working a Priority 1 issue by herself cause the rest of her team is doing another P 1 on a server that can’t be images because it’s took old She was complaining about it when I met her for lunch yesterday
My mom works in the field now. It’s keeping one or two screens on monitoring tools for when something happens, and during downtime doing whatever to entertain yourself and prepping for another Certification, either for another tool/service a client wants, or for other aspects
However, if the wood is sufficiently seasoned (depending on climate however) the evaporation of moisture is less of a problem than one might expect
Your comments remind me a lot of how I feel about my state governor. I really dislike his politics (extremely conservative Christian) however i highly respect him as a leader
