There was no category for it so I'll just leave a shout-out here for upside down Lil' Red.
Divine Beast Vah Roomba
That's his dad Yobby
He should've posted his appearances on Guiding Light instead.
ESPN can't let anything discredit the CFP because that is their new cash cow.
If a Florida team was coming into town - yes. Other teams nah.
The elevators in the DLC would kill me if I didn't toggle 30 fps
https://i.imgur.com/al3mUhT.png
What kind of Coach takes their entire staff with them? ❄
Who is doing the Democrat Reeeeeeeee-sponse after the State of the Union?
NFL Europe was still going then. The talent pool accessible to the XFL will be much larger this time. Should be a better product.
Bo-lieve
I see one oppressed good black kid and two uncle toms reeeeeeeee
Asuka is going to pick the Astros as the champion she is going to destroy at Wrestlemania
It's Rusev Day!
The sanctions passed in July. A lot can change in six months. President Trump decided that the current sanctions are effective enough.
Socialism Not even once
"I didn't watch it but it was bad" - all libs
Buttker Ragland Now this.... Our new GM is amazing and we haven't even had a draft with him!
He played every position there I believe. That will kill someone's confidence.
This is bad for GPUs
The rest of the weekend has a hard act to follow
Breath of Fire - No Dragons: Wasn't difficult but made boss fights longer and the endgame bosses absolutely epic.
[Speaking of mountains](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/Mckinley.jpg/1200px-Mckinley.jpg)
Hey H want to get on XBOX Live later? HHH: I AM THE GAME
Well yeah they let the boss join
Trump smells #GOOD
What's Big Show doing onstage with WWE Creative?
Rubicante was the General Leo of FFIV. Wish he could have switched sides in the end.
Is there an F. Piscotty too?
He warged into the wine that Joffrey drank and choked him.
The Mighty 6on't 1neel
My favorite NXT. It was fun to see people fail on tv then try new things and eventually get it together.
You forgot about muh' Steen! /s
TNA's Kurt was the wrestling machine. WWE's Kurt is the Sports Entertainment machine
Obamacount has been proven ineffective. "If you like your calculator you can keep your calculator" My TI-89 price went up 600% under Obamacount
I would be afreyd to encounter him
Why an entire loaf? Can't one slice do it?
No fire and no instinct. He loves MMA no doubt but just doesn't have it.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/the-irish-slave-trade-the-forgotten-white-slaves/31076
I'd be pist
This is the only gif with sound
Add it to r/eaglestrophycase
Forevobar
The side plates would be pancakes. Make this happen please
88 SPD and 40 CTH
I want Dragons Dogma 2: Breath of Fire
#LORDOFBONES
Headmione
^10/10
Donald Washington
#DUMMY
Don't piss off red countries
You would probably dump it all in Atlanta to keep up your pattern of abandoning minorities in favor of illegal aliens.
Your President made an executive action in an actual attempt to remedy the situation in contrast to prior administrations. Whoa what's this gender discrimination you speak of. *I want to know more* Also the travel ban... Yeah he is just playing big dick contests with liberal courts there...wish he would have wrapped this mess up in his first year.
I don't have to defend everything he does. Just the things I know about and agree with. I'm not a liberal that has to blindly repeat their masters narrative without an ounce of critical thinking.
Hermione She would trick Harry into thinking his desire to defeat her is just him trying to replicate Voldemort's arrogance and lust for power. While he is paralyzed in thought she hits the RKO from out of nowhere.
If I caught one it's going straight to muh' lady.
r/nfl in a nutshell: It's okay he did this because she said a bad word.
Yeah just patch in an ad for the next game and he is set!
Slow news day
Great minds think alike! I just posted the song.
Liberals see two uncle toms and a victim
Ashe would have Red Weddinged Larsa and his imperial buddies as revenge for the previous war.
Found the Saudi
"Here lies Erdrick"
[Still Closed](http://darksouls.wdfiles.com/local--files/npcs/siegmeyer-of-catarina-large.jpg)
Antibiotics abuse will be forever. Even if opioids are successfully combated.
Of course Twitter doesn't care. They love allowing this kind of talk.
Monterey Jack! YES!
Wew vlad!
Missing Banon: If found please return to Returners hideout.
FFIV After Years - I don't accept it as canon. Fun to play though.
Ah, our vagrant Princess! Swift has your lust for revenge led you to the Sword of Kings. You will surrender it to me. Too late and to their sorrow do those who misplace their trust in gods learn their fate. the power of manufacted Nethicite is the power of man. A weapon forged by his wisdom, who would challenge the gods themselves. A fitting blade for a true Dynast-King. Raithwall did but pretend the title, a cur begging Nethicite scraps from his master's table. Hark, Ivalice hails her new Dynast-King, Vayne Solidor! He shall defy the will of the gods, and see the reigns of history in the hands of man. His time is nigh! The new Ivalice holds no place for the name Dalmasca. The stain of Raithwall's blood shall be washed clean from history's weave.
This is the first time I see any negativity or doubt towards Spirit. He is a passionate content creator who never clickbaits, doesn't do product placement or drama and just maths the shit out of AOE. To me he is the top ~~AOE~~ youtuber.
I counted the number of times Daniel Bryan said sheep tonight: zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I hope he goes to jail and pays a huge fine and serves a long suspension. That way we can bring him back and say he paid fully for what he did.
\*****
Bring back Akeem Hunt
CT and FF6 always been my top two quality wise so what I would recommend to stay at a high level: Final Fantasy 7 Star Ocean 2 PS1 version Lufia 2 Rise of the Sinistrals Chrono Cross (but don't compare it to Trigger) About FF7 not being good as FF6 - the largest injustice you can do is compare Final Fantasy games against each other. They are all unique and high quality games!
On top of the one you replied to - Breath of Fire 1 and Breath of Fire 3.
Have I beaten the most? No, but I've beaten a lot. AMA! ⬇
My favorite five in no order: Final Fantasy 2 SNES Chrono Trigger Final Fantasy 3 SNES Breath of Fire Xenoblade Chronicles
My World! My World!
Tier 1
His little head shake said it all!
Meltz hated it and only praised samurai battles.
Lagoon SNES Amazing game with FFMQ quality OST but combat stinks.
I still have the epic opening song on my phone.
Shadow Tower It was dumb and meaningless but it was the only way to transfer weapons between save files.
Battle Arena Toshinden blew my mind when I first played it
If you have a great gaming PC emulate it on Dolphin. Looks totally different at 1080p. If not still play it. Short, simple story, cool characters. The quick and strategic combat is my favorite part.I think of it as the most fun RPG I've ever played.
Make Denali Mt McKinley again! He was the tariff master.
I loved growing the silly vegetables.
I used that to import my Dark Souls 1 character straight into Dark Souls 2. So fun!
This is what made me quit Witcher 3. An inventory full of weapons and armor I couldn't use yet. Cmon game- tell Geralt to his face that he can't use that sword I dare you.
Dragon Warrior 7 on PS1
"Villagers build siege units" would be a neat bonus/trait!
Only six minutes? Seemed like Spice King carried on forever when he talked.
"This is the only Meltzer category I'm accepting votes in." - Roman Reigns
I thought it was going to be a relaxing 2D building adventure. Nope! 2D Dark Souls.
He should have just turned to the flag and saluted
He will be ready for that 2nd coat then.
I love the fans! 100% percent behind Becky but still appreciating Asuka and making the moment special for her.
They should get longerboats.
Yes Tons of counters to learn and friendly fire with catapults puts this at the top for me. Can't just spam the strongest units like in most RTS.
mVp
Next episode is Noct naming his kid Regis Ardyn - after the two bravest men he knew.
Dino's for sure!
[Hit the music](https://youtu.be/beIKeOHtVNg)
The chicken had bird flu. The video ended before the 20000 died.
Chicken ~~has the plague. They may have won the battle but the chicken won war.~~ checked its symptoms on WebMD.
This is the kind of photo you select at the end of Final Fantasy XV.
Kylo invents a new Jedi power that buffs +100 when he has the low ground. He will dominate by deception.
It's just this picture imo
Poor Lady probably can't get any sleep with President Trump building Adamantium walls in Terraria in between his middle of the night tweets. "Hey wifey- see that bouncing slime? Low energy libs would let that thing right into my base but luckily I'm in charge and it's not getting past my wall!"
CNN: Melania going to Ft Lauderdale to send the troops back to Syria
Free is cool but might as well just get the 7.99 XL pizza and 2-liter Coke while you are there.
Exactly. The Rock lost all the time. Even before he got into acting. Heel Rock repeatedly lost to Austin, Mankind and HHH. Face Rock repeatedly lost to HHH and Undertaker.
None, it's an HD remake.
I don't care these kinds of posts still crack me up.
Next Madden update please
Maine Man and Maine Woman
In Omaha Without Asking is my favorite
Exactly. You actually have to accomplish something to be overrated. He held no championship and won no main events. He had a ton of mic time and multiple roles and did very well with what he had.
"Why aren't you competing on your own show?" &amp;#x200B; "Because I'm being saved for the dark match encore so people stay for 205 Live"
I'd withdraw from everything until China is actually held accountable for something for once.
"Why aren't you competing on your own show?" ​ "Because I'm being saved for the dark match encore so people stay for 205 Live"
What constitution?
Be safe in this blizzard!
A New Queen on The Rown
Tywin: If I state a number reddit economists will over analyze it
Does your person have armor and a big fooking sword?
Mumbling with mouth full of food
She will be in the HOF. Not soon though.
[Adrian Peterson Switch Mod](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/LXzByrPkhgc/hqdefault.jpg)
I don't think you'll be charged. The Steam servers aren't communicating with Paypal at the moment (I'm trying to buy a game now too)
Gog is cool! My experience with new games there is that they don't get patches as quickly as steam games for whatever reason. Stardew Valley was the one I had that happen with.
NSFW - blood and gore.
If this was the Redskins they would be running the Wildcat and punting on 3rd down to avoid paying the million.
"Cowboy" Dustin Rhodes last WCW theme
Did he get the 33% snaps for $1 million
I hear they are quite a Brotherhood
Oh no!
Lagoon Final Fantasy Mystic Quest Chrono Trigger Breath of Fire 3 Xenoblade Chronicles X Honorable Mention: Exodus Ultima for it's mastery of 8-bit music
Only 1 out of 64 should include WarMech
Fun playing this now and doing everything after the Earth cave in a random order.
I just punched everything with Snow the whole game. Everyone else was for healing, buffing, and staggering.
UN says that yet they promoted the Paris Accord money laundering scheme
He should do it in a southern accent
XFL with billions of dollars. Tom Brady vs Pat Mahomes every Monday Night!
It's not 2D Minecraft. It's cartoon Dark Souls. Everything in this world will kill your.
Weapon - Kain: Back row, full armor w/shield, invulnerable while in air, jump hits super hard Brawler - Yang: Insane high HP and STR. Also there is a claw for every vulnerability. Caster - Nina (BOF1) She has all the healing and buff spells and always goes first every round when casting. Summoner - Golbez: His Shadow Dragon can gobble up a chunk of enemies and he can effortlessly crank out Meteo
His theme song is +10 to team intensity.
Norton and McAfee would rip the person in half looking for the virus
Please op girlfriend paint a picture of that.
Bring Talos back to Skyrim
The Capra Human
WWE has always been a mix of weirdness and brilliance and always will be. Moxley is going through some Sandow level bitterness.
Lufia
Bray Wyatt needs to come back and coach.
This was Rock's Eli Drake era.
He didn't walk away. He rolled away in a wheelchair.
There's a labor law of reasonable accommodation. These places are either spineless giving that much or have crappy legal teams.
Mythril Rope
Cage confirmed to only wrestle 39 hours a week.
I ran Katt and Sten with Shamans just to make the battles get over quicker.
Randyl Tarly disowned him after seeing this.
It's Blue Ranger month.
#St. Joe
I liked the weapon fusion frog!
I like guys like this. He has two good pitches. If he had three he would have went first round. If he develops a third during his years in the minors he will translate to a steal. &gt;!I don't even know who this is and I didn't do any research I'm just trying to sound smart!&lt;
Sekiro One person plays and the other provides moral support and therapy.
CLEAR OUT CRONIES STEALTH STAB BIG DRUNKARD SPEAK TO ALLY TWO VS ONE WITH HALF HIS HEALTH GONE WITH FULL HEALING ITEMS AND RESURRECTION DRUNKARD PULLS ULTIMATE BULLSHIT AND KILLS US BOTH NO PROBLEM.
I'm getting murdered by both her and Gyoubo right now. I don't know which one I'll finally overcome first.
Kefka is top for sure. Heidigger number two for me even though it was just text and body motion. Can't wait to hear it on the remake!
Mention it once as fact but don't glorify it.
He banned Football. He would be the first to lose.
His stabbing of one of the vampires was copied frame by frame in the last season of GOT.
u/spongedaddy
[Win!](https://i.imgur.com/APGtd3D.gif)
Props to Goldberg. He could've just stayed down for that first tombstone but he gave it his all to give the world a match.
Seth Al-Rollins showing some potential with that battle royal victory.
Walk out of SC like Barristan Selmy and spend the rest of your days in scjerk where you are the BEST IN THE WORLD!
From games murder me enough. Now they bring in the damn Grim Reaper himself?!
I loved his fight with Tszyu
I settled for the $40 Newegg deal. Felt weird waiting for the steam key to come in the mail.
Any existing rpg remade to play like Last Story
r/all Nothing about the aliens appears there because censorship
#N
A Ukraine town has a monument to the Nazis for saving them from Soviet starvation
Every time you die you can't continue until you've beaten a boss in Dark Souls. You can't use the same boss more than once.
My fantasy: At the end of Microsoft's presentation the room goes dark and a video starts playing. It shows soldiers running across a battlefield but random explosions start happening and killing a bunch of them. Then a jeep pulls up. A man steps out of it and dramatically unsheaths a metal detector. Minesweeper 2
Breath of Fire 4
Next National Championship Alabama 9 Clemson 11
~~Mods~~ ~~Admins~~ ~~National Guard~~ Galactic Empire please ban OP.
Good Or else Rick O'Shea was headed for the Impact Zone
Why isn't King Edmure here?
Henry's come to see us!
A MUSLIM HORDE ON AN OPEN FIELD NED!
STACKER 2 back on the menu
It was illegal to sell alcohol to indians. They would go violent. I know a town that had three bars learn this the hard way as they were reduced to rubble by drunks from the neighboring reservation.
Evasion of state taxes. People used to take long trips to load up on gas and tobacco from reservations.
Sorry to disappoint you but this has nothing to do with politics. Romney's Bain Capital takes over businesses or gets them to bend to their will.
Man that game is awesome. My one and only gameboy game.
Water -like from toilets?
Put a Whataburger in Arrowhead and make it the only location. Also require Aramark employees attend a culinary school before working there.
The album should be Samoa Joe with everyones kids.
Weird because this sub once drooled over ROH and downvoted any mention of TNA, AJ Styles, and Samoa Joe.
#MY NAME
What is it? I'm drawing a Blank?
Christianity: Old Testament: The way things were. New Testament: The way things should be
#AS I BREATHE
Imp in FF3 SNES. Time to change equipment and make a super warrior.
Funny how Taylor Swift's new video shows white people protesting homosexuality when the biggest opponent of gay marriage is the religious left compromised mainly of minorities.
There are literally billions of non-whites that are anti-gay.
Why don't China just buy Planned Parenthood? They would get the same results with no scrutiny.
Hirata Estate for me as well. My favorite music so far.
Genichiro's parents are Pontiff Sylvane and The Dancer of Boreal Valley.
There are more anti-gay non-whites then there are white people total. Literally billions. White people seem to be the only ones called anti-gay though.
Spicy find I was so frustrated about Pelosi's decision not to impeach the other day, that I slammed my fist down at Starbucks and my coffee went all over me and the wall. I cried as I cleaned it up thinking that Trump keeps getting away with so much shit. I believe him when he said he could murder someone in cold blood on Broadway and people would cheer. He thinks and acts that way.
Two days? Showoff.
Both of Joe's NXT Title wins
Whit current trade value: Straight up for Trout and Harper.
On Rowan's shirt tonight!
The Rock lost allllll the time and still was greater than everyone he put over.
My favorite to say at school. "I will punch you and you will die. If I miss the wind coming off my fist will give you pneumonia and you will die anyway. "
C O N spiracy
Just run from the illusions and they eventually disappear. You can kill some too to replenish your spirit emblems.
I wish this game would give me a little space to enjoy in between bosses.
We don't get arrested for tweets
*shoves obsidian into chest to still be around 300 years later when the books finish*
I already know how 10 PRINT "CHRISTINE MICHAEL"
Slimes!
r/karmacourt is more legitimate than the crooked UN
Lavos
~~Wedding~~ Brass Ring
Heavy Machinery next please
ALIEN families
Oh man imagine a souls game with a title screen this epic https://youtu.be/1WeYkWUpccs
Very underrated frenemy program with DOA on Shotgun Saturday.
Kazaam &gt; Space Jam
Jon was not in the feast!
If the coal mine was owned by Muslims they would all be in prison already.
All the mine owner needs to do is bring aboard a Muslim partner then call the protesters racist. Protest would be over real fast.
Tony Hawk on PS5 DLC
John Williams is on site to raise morale
^jon ^was ^not ^in ^the ^feast
Bray: Let me in Black: Nah door's locked bro Bray: ok sorry
Ancient Onion
Dex build with just enough STR to 2HR2 smash with a Fire Zweihander
Bulgarians - Rusev Day
Cold Pie - you should always give up on the gravy
It was chaos when ~~Ramsey killed~~ Roose was poisoned by his enemies.
I want the white chromes back.
Holden Commodore please
Hurricane Karen
Holy Guacamole! It's Hurricane Jeb!
Holyfield beat the heck out of Valuev. Stupid judges.
Speaking of targeted you are now autobanned from a handful of subs just for posting here. Reddit is a messed up placed
"Punch first"
80000 stickies and 3000 deportations.
My primary healing in Chrono Trigger was Frog and Robo dual teching (while Magus murdered everything with Dark Matter)
For a truly once in a lifetime experience - finish the game without doing the pre-endgame sidequests.
Bischoff directing wrestling on Network TV!
Chapter 5 in Dragon Warrior IV NES. When information is lost it plays the [cursed theme](https://youtu.be/81FujgPXwnw) and tells you your file is erased.
Heck Yeah Great Khali &gt; The Rock
Move the game to Guatemala and make Guatemala pay for it.
https://gfycat.com/welldocumentedgoodnaturedfinwhale-patrick-mahomes-travis-kelce-usmnt
Dundon buys in just to get the WWE Network
Start with high Agility.
Cantnada
N&gt;!Me too thanks!&lt;
Who else jobbed this many main events and lost nothing from it? Mankind and The Rock. Good company to have.
He would be the third Iiconic in Australia.
The whore was pregnant
Fun and grindy is definitely Dragon Warrior 7 PS1.
10 fps poison swamp
So are we really selling rice to China? I once did cattle judging as part of FFA. I sentenced a cow to 20 years with no parole. I didn't win.
Yes by all means jump on Lufia 2 first. It's a blast. The first one is old school grindy and difficult like dragon quest.
Still 206 a year
Grim Dawn It's more about character building than most arpg. It's also super controller friendly.
Taiwan applies to be 51st state
Charles Dance should play him if there's a spinoff.
Dick Cheney's mom is lesbian byahhh
Great Palace was amazing!
I like to sip on a megalixer while the credits roll.
It will set you back 100 wood for a mill but there won't be any time wasted luring.
Fav - Spanish Least Fav - Aztecs I stay on the right side of history.
Vintage Stock
Amtrak is so fun!
Move over Castro. Qasim is the lefts new hero.
But muh' 13 nation talks!
Iranian Pedocrats on r-polyfucks in full meltdown
She needs her own flag because she burned every flag in the world with that dumb rant.
Never go full libtard
These lib douches wouldn't do anything forever then at last minute start Roose Boltoning our forces into deathtraps.
Kid Rock and Joe C too
YEAH
Aggressor...ok the US Embassy was attacked by a passive peaceful terrorist that deserves no punishment?
Oh man r- Europe just woke up and put on their hijabs. They are worse than r-polytards
US attacked a Kata’ib Hizbollah unit before the Embassy waa attacked. However that operation was a counter to a Kata’ib Hizbollah rocket attack that killed people including an US contractor.
This isn't how NATO works either. United States: 3.6% Greece: 2.4% United Kingdom: 2.1% Estonia: 2.1% Poland: 2.0% Only countries meeting the 2% of GDP requirement. Pay up!
If President Trump sought congressional support someone sadly would have told Iran it was coming.
Jeeeennkinnnnsss
https://i.imgur.com/NhmlYzB.jpg
Trump didn't start one. He just ended one before it started.
We should send in an allied force of US, North Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Poland, and Texas.
Excitement Clan here. Excited for football and ready to celebrate every thing large and small. Excitement does not equal hype.
He told the group that wouldn't tip off Suleimani and ruin the attack.
Golf reeee
Bad man dead Bad man was very bad man #BUT
"Greg Roman is same color as Lamar Jackson so teams have trouble seeing him."
Universe mode default matches
Sounds like a bunch of bullwinkle to me.
Iran is a great case of cool people bad government.
Breath of Fire series was great about this. I feel 3 had the best towns.
John Elway - The Drive Derrick Henry - The All Wheel Drive
That one dude's L1 button
Michael Cole: Ambrose gets the tag and HERE COMES THE BIG DOG!
So this is our Episode Aranea : (
As a noob MMO player it is easy. I tanked dungeons on first playthrough without a clue and nobody ever died. Just jump in and enjoy the story and music.
900p 60 fps 144hz discount masterrace here. All I need.
no u
Goalden Retriever
Monte Car-Low
Rudolph ran around the defender and got grabbed. The contact was mutual. Whoever initiates contact gets no favors.
Yellow Ranger Brother
Vince McMahon: BURN THE FOREST DAMMIT
The average game day is Saturday.
Breath of Fire 3
Winter is coming for Iran
Shut up Graham. We don't want your war mongering.
Tellah dropping Meteo on Golbez.
Me too. Will movies still play on my old mac at that temp?
Even Cuck MD agreed with this!
Saints fans after every loss
Ambrose would have been happy with pre-show if it had meaningful and proper booking.
In the Senate
Forgot my blanky Thank you Levi
#51
What do you think about this Bobby B?
Darius Heyward Bay
I'm sad the top one wasn't the guy throwing the ball in the windy parking lot.
Jason Garrett: "Great! He will be an awesome OC for me" Jerry: "ummmm how do I put this"
Austin Theory looks like the guy who drives two states over to wrestle for a bad indy fed and is the only one that knows what they are doing and has to carry all the yarders.
Kurrgan!
Gives the oline a blank dvd and says it's game film. The next day the oline says they watched all of it.
Your wizard learning a new spell and eagerly trying it out in the next battle to see how awesome it is.
And those 90% are the same people who buy pink toothpaste without reading that only 1% of the money goes to Komen who then just proceeds to pocket it.
D Generation Z We got two memes for ya!
Intergender is great for smaller rosters because it allows more flexibility and stories. WWE doesn't ever need to do it outside of a random spot here and there.
2 Except Roman walks out on WWE and goes into UFC.
No unit should ever be banned. There is always a way.
🗣
The democrats were mad that Trump violated the One China policy by answering the phone.
They need the mother who sold snow shovels at Home Depot.
1st quarter trash talk from r/nfl https://i.redd.it/dc75qdg9uea41.jpg
Keith Lee spit on him and called him the M word.
Punk vs Paige on upupdowndown for that number 2 spot.
^sorry
gallowboobit
You may sit on the council and be a master but we will ignore you.
I had the benign knot as a teenager. Extremely painful!
Never had this happen but can somehow smell this video.
Wow I haven't seen Bitch Stacy in a long time.
This has been one of the best longterm stories in pro wrestling in years. They kept it going and going without making it feel drawn out.
M&gt;!ark!&lt;
Tessa was booked by a company to win a title. Vick was voted into the probowl by fans. Sad!
The Fever album front to back is solid. Also I recommend watching her Aphrodite concert on YouTube.
Go Triangles!
Bernie - White people can't be poor Women can't be president
HHH: Paige once had the NXT Title LOLLLLLL
I remember the good ol days when we would all say "The Night King just rang your doorbell! Winter is here!"
And they will be seated on an Ottoman.
You are trying to trick us. That is a Drop Bear.
Iranians are smarter than their tyrant leaders. I'm sure they find ways to social media.
This LSU team will go down in history. Too many nailbiters though. A solid B+. Tommie still the greatest.
Fabian at HB in the Maryland I was like a cheat code.
Well we were after the NFL MVP until Eichorst screwed it up.
Ruman rains doing superdog punch
Three fifths rule in effect for indian ratings. They dont count as much as the shootfighter demo
Maurice Clarrett
Aria of Sorrow!
Raw has been good since the Draft.
This is why Zen is so fun to play. Endless displays of assists on top of some elims.
She said "✋How! Old Jew man say me can't be great chief. Spirit angry now. Your village not safe."
Bernie is right about women.
Witcher 3, Mass Effect
I remember just spamming Scorpion's projectile to beat it.
Wild Animals always attack.
Powerful But low ceiling.
Getting the game and leveling up to 25 on quickplay was the most fun i've ever had on a multiplayer game. After that the fun went downhill real fast.
F&gt;!unny!&lt;
Orange Carsidy
The Marine 6 starring R-Truth
2indie4me
When those kids try out for high school basketball they are going to be tough to beat with their 99 dexterity.
https://youtu.be/TAFBpdseKwo
The Santa hat one was awesome.
Thank you and great write up! What are your thoughts on ball juicing?
This game is pretty much old school straight forward reading a story jrpg. You won't get any side quests until the second half of the game. Just level up your magic users and keep rolling.
Shirahagi - approach from the gunfort and you can stealth deathblow. Then climb on the rock and umbrella counter (prosthetic art). Shirafuji - get in the budda statue hand near the depths entrance and her gun wont hit you and will get poisoned to death. Takes a while
#THE SCRAMBLE
#THE SCRAMBLE
Lebron is about to be Brady's Pippen.
He's brigading r/kansascitychiefs
Video evidence of r/nfl brigading us https://streamable.com/1mg6u
Derrick Henry Is Small
Just run from him and do lightning counters.
When your friend's annoying little brother tags along
Those old fleer were my childhood. Great looking cards.
And the Puppy Bowl!
Then make it his twitter bio.
Chaotic Neutral Mahomes
WWE isn't dumb enough to imply animal abuse so I'm now convinced that Head is in Rowan's cage. Al Snow HOF announcement?
I'm 20 years older and I haven't even hit 6'1 yet.
Keep your distance, even if you have to run from him and follow these two rules. 1. If he throws a kunai - you can dodge his follow up attack 2. If he runs toward you - prepare to block, he will catch you everytime Run for your life and follow these two rules and you will chip away at him.
How is Grandfather?
I went in not overpowered and it took me an in-game week to beat him.
Mikiri Counter his leap attack and learn lightning reversal. It will feel like a gimmick fight then.
Kelce live mic
EZPZ
Roll a 20 My character is pregnant by DMs mom.
Lester can't handle 6 star wanted level
This was like the female version of all the alums beating up Heath Slater.
Never send a boy to do a man's job.
Let the GOAT do what he wants.
What a party tooper
Cruz 2024
Yeah I think Roddy takes the pin and the downward spiral continues.
Zelina SES.
When I use scorps they just die.
Iran vs The Fiend
This had to be planned. The mic was never cut.
It will be bridgewater under the waterbridge before he knows it.
Ryan Leaf was good until he had Riley as a coach.
They should have kept going with it Kairi twirls umbrella Wrestlers get hypnotized Sugar Hill gang music plays Kairi tosses in cardboard dancefloor Asuka runs down and her and Kairi hit the Osirian Sacrament
Men's Rumble - 4* Becky vs Asuka - 3* Fiend vs Bryan - 4* Women's Rumble - 3* Bayley vs Lacey - 2* Reigns vs Corbin - 3*
Love the hair
EZPZ
That's Gail Kim's jacket.
Nah we want Scott Stapp
Roll a 1 The wind carries you alone to the final boss
Exactly A ban on five countries that Obama Administration labled as an imminent threat.
The most rookie looking non-rookie card ever.
Colorado still mad about 55-10
Everyone becomes heavyweights after weigh-ins anyway.
NFLPA will have to cave. Owners have all the leverage. Goodell has nothing to lose at this stage of his career. Dangerous time for players.
And this was with Texans having Offensive Holding sliders turned all the way down
Preferably a Jason mask.
We would still be here except with Watson at QB.
He comes out in full Braveheart gear and kills Brock then rounds up Nigel, Regal, and every other British wrestler and collectively Claymore's them out of the stadium.
I seriously had a blast with this game but after 30 hours the repetitive micromanaging drag just did me in.
Sounded like Beth called Deonna a 25 year old wrestling slut
I do a liter of prune juice every few months. Worth the pain.
I played it when it first came out on Wii. It was released in monthly episodes. I loved it. It was fun. However the story is atrocious and forgettable.
Marco
I like this. I expected it would be Ruby lowers your cholesterol so you don't have to see your doctor anymore.
It came out to be about $50 total in the end. Yeah it was one of the most unique gaming experiences I've ever had with it broken up like that.
There's a Hank Hill gatekeepy meme aura around anything past medium but aside from that it's because chefs and hobby grillers perfect their recipe and technique around a medium/rare steak with a center that retains all it's juices. When someone says well done they have to make the perfect steak then sit and watch it deteriorate and hope that whoever gets it doesn't share the subpar overall quality steak with those around them.
I'll bite. &amp;#x200B; The flag is the one thing we all have in common. It is a strong foundation for us all to build something better together under. When you burn the flag or sit for the anthem you are rejecting it. Your new flag has just you and whoever else believe in it. Here's a metaphor. Bernie Sanders is a Democrat that is passionately against the Democratic party's foundations . He runs as a Democrat because under that banner he can build bridges with those in the party who don't follow his beliefs. If he raised his own banner and rejected the Democrat one he would have never got to build those bridges and push centrists into accepting more progressive policy. &amp;#x200B; In conclusion - I think a better step than rejecting the American Flag is to take the American Flag and make it mean something more. It's flown over some very bad and some very good times in American history. Let it fly over this difficult time and the positive changes that we pray happens at the end of it.
Medical professionals need to rage at the protest gatherings in the name of their profession. They don't have to take sides just rage at people not social distancing.
He is running out of faces to sneak attack and get squashed by.
Punk's just jealous because he could never be as good as A.J.
Last Story! &amp;#x200B; It looks so bad on Wii but with a little upscaling (like on Dolphin) it looks amazing!
Hopefully Tegan didn't deliver it.
Trudeau will have Canadian forces storming Hong Kong and Taiwan to please his overlords. He already paid for their advanced research into Coronaviruses found in bats.
More funding and better training please. In today's wacky environment no officer should have to patrol alone.
The protest had too many women. They needed Mormon.
I also made the journey 25 years ago. So awesome growing up plaything this amazing game. &amp;#x200B; Edge's smoke spell is the only way to run when you get to the depths. Use the save point by Plague boss (White Lance) to grind levels. He will need all the extra HP. The Murasame is cursed! Don't use it. The Masamune is awesome though.
It has stat debuffs including slowing you down. The only way to notice is by looking at your Status screen before and after equipping it. The Masamune perks aren't even good enough to balance it out. You will want Edge as fast as possible so you can escape the tougher battles and Throw more often against the bosses. Masamune + Ninja or Moonring is the way to go!
Paul has done an amazing job top to bottom with the Raw roster. &amp;#x200B; Under Bruce - Bayley has become the greatest thing in all of professional wrestling. &amp;#x200B; I don't we can go wrong either way.
My friends and I all vote. We won't vote for the same person but we all have different needs.
It's not an error - it's concept art. Every game has it.
Shotzi better bring more than one tank Wednesday.
Mauro: IT'S LADY TANK!
Shotzi is always awesome but wow Tegan has looked like a million bucks her last few matches!
Bro
Leave KC out of this. We have zoned and contained the crime to one no-go area and that is the whole Troost of the situation.
A lot of accused wrestlers can't really afford to legally defend themselves. Riddle has money bro. If these accusations against him are false the accuser will be punished ten fold.
Hogan, Austin, Rock, and Cena &amp;#x200B; The Mountain itself - Andre
What's Jack the Raper doing in the Impact Zone?
PC players should rejoice. EA first titles on new systems are always garbage. Remember Madden 30fps on XBOX 360 and PS3? &amp;#x200B; Plus is FIFA 21 was coming to PC in PS5 format it would either need to be directly ported or built from the ground up which would be a much delayed buggy release.
Oh awesome I'll have to watch if he gets the job. Good dude!
Wait until they find out that Kane supports that libertarian Glenn Jacobs.
Nah I think they need to go a big step further. He needs to return the hand sanitizer to Jericho and sit out the next two Flimflams.
RAW showing they can make a worse trade then Bill O'Brien.
We're about to see the Raw equivalent of the never ending Roman vs Dolph, Roode, and Corbin feud.
Twitch writes a Dream of Spring
HEY COVID
Hope NXT ends next week with Shotzi running the ring over with a real tank. How dare they leave her out of that match.
Sponge Daddy
WWE only recently surpassed the peak of the Knockouts division and it took them three brands, a giant performance center, and first dibs on the free agent market to do so. &amp;#x200B; The Knockouts was one of the most organic works of greatness in pro wrestling history.
I remember Lacey debuting and looking like the next big thing with that Von Erich claw submission...then it became apparent that she had no desire to learn how to wrestle.
I'll make it easy for Capcom to fulfill all our wishes in one game. &amp;#x200B; Dragon's Dogma 2: Breath of Fire &amp;#x200B; Ryu, Nina, and special guest Firebrand team up and learn that all roads lead to Windia.
"It’s bad here in the US. Whether it’s the beaches, restaurants, bars, etc. a large amount of ppl are not wearing masks or social distancing. It doesn’t help that there are a lot of businesses ignoring guidelines or stretching them to the absolute limit." &amp;#x200B; Oh yeah because it definitely was not THE FUCKING RIOTS
He must run a sick read-option with his eyes forward the whole time.
Genichiro Ashina
The Cobalt Crusher
