Your argument boils down to "I didn't need these life lessons taught at school, so nobody else should either." Sometimes we need to teach to the most vulnerable; some kids just grow up in a house hold where the parents are either incapable or unable or not around. Not the kids fault.
&gt;Literally the only difference between theft and a voluntary transaction, is consent and the lack of coersion. Taxation lacks both. Taxation has complete consent. You want to get paid you consent to the tax. You want to buy a good you consent to the tax. You want to buy a car you consent to the tax. You can go and live on the street and take handouts and and not pay a single dime in tax. You have complete choice in the matter.
No one is forcing you to buy things or have a job, though. Don't do either and don't pay taxes.
It's not impossible. You are choosing life that requires certain things: clothes, electronics, etc. No one is forcing you into that situation. You choose to have a career and a house and a car. Society is putting that pressure on you. But you could also choose to live on the street and beg for food or live in the woods. But if you want all those nice things they have a cost and a tax. But you are not obligated to partake in society that way at all. The government will not throw you in jail for being that way.
The Beach Boys Christmas album is great, Pet Sounds has some good tracks, but overall I find the Beach Boys to be a bit cheesy. Don't really care for the Beatles, though, either. I would go for the Stones.
I had a roommate, her parents were Irish. Ketchup was too spicy for her. We never made food together because she liked it bland and I like to cover everything in some sort of hot sauce.
It was your reflection, wasn't it? They're always such jerks.
You already said it: flooring. Oh how I wish I had gotten new flooring in the bedrooms. Other than that, if you have popcorn ceiling take it off now before the new flooring. Or maybe you like the look.
[The San Diego Tank Man](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shawn_Nelson_(San_Diego_Tank_Rampage\)) is always my default answer. I was looking to see how many fights happen in a yoga studio but couldn't find anything. Or maybe some militant vegans killing cops or something but got nothing. So tank man it is.
Immigration and citizenship are two different things. It is not easy to immigrate to the US. It's fairly easy to become a citizen after you legally immigrate.
Nothing pisses me off more than when a stranger gets involved in my childs tantrums. And then to say "I know you're not bad"....yeah, totally over the line. Don't do that. Seriously. Asshole move.
Why does Arizona care about blocking the Texas part of the plate? Weird.
"That's it! We can't handle these unfair working conditions! Time to start a union, fellow congresspeople! And then show them who's really in charge!"
Only accidentally
I know that its essentially taken as gospel at this point to think that liberals hate cops, but it's really not true. Libertarians would be the bigger group. Who is most likely to be: * Sovereign citizen? * Challenge the border guards at the 100 mile inland borders? * Participate in open carry meet ups? * Challenge showing an ID to a cop? * Challenging the constitutional authority for a cop to search a vehicle or a house? A vast majority are going to be conservative or libertarians.
Sonoran hotdogs are great. But I can get them in Tucson. Plus Sonoran cartels are, or were, a thing.
Work at a brewery with my roommate and find zany friends to have an adventures with.
*kind of
I worked with a number of Vietnamese for a while who were all Buddhists. I didn't actually know they were Buddhists for a long time. They seemed to be casual Buddhists like we have casual Christians who go to church (or temple) as a matter of tradition versus faith. They never preached to me about Nirvana or reincarnation or anything.
[it ain't cool being no jive turkey](https://youtu.be/gNJlTehNxp0)
[Nope..](https://youtu.be/VUXXw6xr4gI)
&gt;It is fun as hell, just sitting around being merry. And doing a little anal, apparently.
[another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/a911pj/nsfw_how_commonly_american_straight_couples/ecfpcdr)
I know three families that are anti-vax. One is also one of those taxes are theft types, so that fits. The other is super lefty liberal which also fits. My sister in law is a God's will type, which also fits.
Yeah, I collect them like trading cards at this point.
Small children get a pass on this, as always.
Believing taxation is theft is as ridiculous as believing vaccines cause autism. Or the Earth is flat or any number of silly things. If you believe in one of them you probably believe in one of the others, too.
Sure taking money at gun point is theft. But I don't recall anyone putting a gun to my head to pay taxes. Not a single one.
Well one of those three people I stated above didn't pay federal income tax (or state for that matter). In the time I lived with him there were no armed standoffs but the IRS did call him a bunch and then summomned him to court. And then he still refused to pay and then finally he settled with the IRS. At no point was a gun drawn. Not once.
Ah, you linked me to ShitStatistSay, how cute. But if you don't want to pay taxes, then don't work, or keep it below the fed minimum. And don't buy anything. Better yet stay living with your mom. You won't pay a dime in taxes and no state meanies with a gun will come calling. You can live off the charity of the family and strangers.
Oh, I'm absolutely sure you're producing wealth and not a corporate boot licker making minimum wage complaining about paying taxes while taking social benefits at the same time. I'm absolutely sure of that. You're definitely a 1%er.
What happens when you don't follow the rules of the sub this was linked from? Aren't you supposed to be following np links?
"I read Ayn Rand and I think I'm smart"
You could have just answered with "Yeah, I guess I was wrong after all"
You're just fucking with me, right?
You are wrong. Not showing up to court is independent from paying taxes. What is there to counter?
Seriously...muh Any Rand! Muh free market!
Your argument is essentially someone takes something of yours without your permission. "they" just walk in. Except that is not how any of that works. You agree to a transaction, be it work for money or an exchange of goods for money. That transaction is taxed. You don't want to participate in that transaction no one will make you. Therefore you won't pay the tax on that transaction. No one is forcing you to work or trade. Don't want to pay taxes, don't work or sell shit. It's literally that easy.
You agreed to the taxation when you agreed to the transaction. It's not that hard to understand. We aren't dealing with currency being pure gold: you have paper money being used which isn't being produced by you. It's not being back by you. It's not being secured or protected by you. If you agree to the transactions then you agree to the tax. If not..well...your call.
You're just an NPC, you wouldn't understand.
[24 hours of lemons](https://24hoursoflemons.com/) it's actually nation wide. $500 car max. Looks like a lot of fun, actually.
You invest in Bitcoin, don't you?
Oh it has everything to do with this conversation.
I've got some investments I would like to run by you.
What issue am I dodging? You made a severely nonsensical comparison of taxes to home invasion. How could I even take that seriously? So far you idiots from SSS have compared taxes to : home invasion, highway robbery, and rape. I can see you just high-fiving yourselves thinking you are super clever when you actually come across is severely mentally challenged. Let me break it down for you: - home invasion benefits one side of the equation: the robber - highway robbery benefits one side of the equation: the robber - rape benefits one side of the equation: the rapist In all three of those situations the affected party did not choose to be in that situation. Now taxes are a two way street: the tax payer gets a shit ton of government services provided to them. The payee creates jobs. Totally like theft and rape.
"I'm not rich because I pay taxes, it's not because my company takes advantage of me. I'm probably in the lowest tax bracket and get most of it back when I file, but it's taxes that are keeping me from being rich and totally not my job." -runs_in_the_jeans, probably
Keep licking that boot, brother. And make sure you keep "investing" in Bitcoin. I'm sure you'll be rich any day now. You got this! &gt;and not having freedom You guys are too much. Seriously, I bet you have some of those "Get rich quick" personal finance books and don't get the irony. Oh, why would I ask...I know you do.
Oh no! But where am I going to get my financial advice? And life lessons? The best thing about Trump supporters is you can see in real time how failure looks. "But but but the Dems!"....still gotta couple more days cookie! But good luck with all your winning! So much winning!
Define hypocrite: see you.
Oh is that the argument now? Because that's not how you started it. If you want my side go through my post history. I'm not going to re-type it out.
The colonies were already taxed less than the homeland. That was part of the agreement in living in the colonies.
You assemble the fajita yourself at the table, where it then falls apart in your plate and lap; and the enchiladas are already made and covered in sauce and are awesome. And onions and peppers.
Can confirm. I learned so much.
Do I need to wear the mask again?
😥
Are companies leaving California? Sure. And others like Teradata are moving back. But the problem with this article is that a) its in the opinion section without a link to this study b) spectrum location services did the study where they wrote an article [about themselves moving out of CA](https://spectrumlocationsolutions.me/2018/04/18/spectrum-location-solutions-leaves-business-unfriendly-california-for-pittsburgh-metro-area/) as if them moving is some how proof that companies leave c) Jon Coupol who wrote this opinion piece has a relationship with the people who did the "study" and leads a tax lobbyist group who fights any taxes in CA. So take from it what you want. But just keep in mind who is writing these things.
Exactly...I don't know what burrito sauce is.
And the group walking three wide and not going single file to let people come by the other direction.
Parking strip or grass strip.
You forgot California burritos; I'll let it slide this time.
Why is your wife going to get mad at me for finding a girlfriend? I would think my wife would be more upset with me than yours.
ancaps: making libertarians seem smart and moral, comparatively.
I went to a Mexican restaurant in France once called "Mexx y Cannes". It wasn't very good. Not terrible, but not great.
I begrudgingly use liberal to mean Democrat. But I am most certainly not a economic liberal, very much a social liberal. And don't get me started on defining "left".
Still won't make me like Chelsea.
I doubt it...Yedlin isn't exactly tearing it up out there and he hasn't been sent home.
I'm pretty sure he means dressing up like an ancient Greek philosopher and performing oral traditions around a fire.
The roasted goat afterwards can be a bit much for some people. Hard to get the smell out of the sheets.
Going all in with the Avett Brothers [Ain't no man](https://youtu.be/zz0JXbwNUk8) [I and love and you](https://youtu.be/T0eSpAgqrWo) [Head full of doubt](https://youtu.be/QeYSqZPzwr8) And why not throw in some Houndmouth [Sedona](https://youtu.be/Y8wifV5RYr8) And some Lumineers [Cleopatra](https://youtu.be/aN5s9N_pTUs) (all though the 3 part video is better)
They are catchy to a fault, that's for sure
Alfred E. Neumann
As someone who's never been to California, let me tell you the reason for, and the solution to, all of your problems.
He's had 2 number #1 albums and about 10 top 10 singles in the UK.
Any recommendations for Scotland? Now you got the wife and I talking about it.
I went to Italy this last October and the flights were around $900 each (for 4 of us!). That's coming coming from the West Coast.
When did I make it about politics?
I made no such comment you knob.
I have 700k miles towards Delta's million miles status. And another 100k miles with Alaska Air. Couldn't tell you how many planes that is.
By the shoes and weird jeans.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the Grand Wizard of the KKK didn't get there because he just hasn't been invited to the right racial integration panel.
It wasn't California's, it was Eureka's Women's March. And it wasn't even an official chapter of the California Women's March. The rest of the Women's Marches in CA will continue as planned.
I didn't say the Right hates women. I said the Right hates women Dems (or any woman on the left). And go look at the thread about the Womens March being cancelled in California and the top comments. Full of misogyny.
I do call it misogyny...and I'll keep saying it. The treatment of right leaning woman by the left is nothing compared to how left leaning women get treated by the right. See: Hilary Clinton, Pelosi, Warren, AOC, Harris, etc.
There it is...if you wait long enough they prove the point for you. "Woman, you have it so good...so stop your whining"
You literally said that &gt;It is. We live in a (Western) culture where women have more rights than anywhere else not only in history, but in the world. More rights than before doesn't mean equality &gt;The joke of modern feminism is arguing for extreme cases of males dominating a particular sector, and disregard shit like most people who are incarcerated, more likely to drop out of school, more likely to die in combat, etc are all predominantly men. It is a joke. Men commit more crimes means women are equal? &gt;Modern feminism is cherry picking stats at its finest in order to push a false and frankly stupid narrative. Stop your whining, basically &gt;Honestly, I imagine some liberals and Democrats would consider me a misogynist, and I'm not. Sure sound like one. If you have to tell people you aren't something all the time maybe it's time to look on the mirror. &gt;I think women deserve the same equal chance at success as men. However, merit to me is a priority over the sex of a person. Hmm...so why do few woman businesses leaders? Just not qualified? Or not given the chance?
&gt;Equality of outcome should not be the goal. Initial equality of opportunity is. &gt;Women have an equal chance, they choose not to. &gt;As a whole, I would say that perhaps there's a biological difference between men and women. I think there's a trend with women. Women biologically tend to be more nurturing. &gt;Perhaps its... biological science at play and people are drawn to what their instincts tell them. And there it is....it's science....sex realism is as pathetic of an excuse as race realism.
I'm not the one saying both a) it's biology and b) but totally for women's rights, man! You said all that. I'm just repeating it back to you. If you don't like what you see, don't blame me. It's your words, not mine.
&gt;I'm sure it's just that damned patriarchy holding them down though. [According to some recent studies](https://hbr.org/2015/03/the-5-biases-pushing-women-out-of-stem) you would be right. [Here's a compilation of studies](https://www.cfa.harvard.edu/~srugheimer/Women_in_STEM_Resources.html) if you are so inclined.
They should just form up like Voltron.
&gt;Slavery is such a 3rd rail that it's impossible to have an adult discussion about it. Here's the only adult conversation you need to have about slaves: Slavery is bad.
What about adults who nap in their car at work?
Ro-ad
Some people just won't like you. And it has nothing to do with ADHD. But you dwelling on it all day long certainly is your ADHD. Wouldn't it be nice to just focus on that barista who said your shirt was cool instead of the asshat who hates you for some reason?
Therapists don't really like meds, in my experience. They really like to focus on cognitive behavioral therapy versus medication. Not that I know your therapist, but if you have a therapist and a psychiatrist saying meds are for you, then I would take their word for it.
The Bible calls for death for all sorts of things. Just read Leviticus as a start. The one the religious right uses all the time to denounce homosexuality but then forgets about the rest of the chapters in the same section.
Yeah, not hard to understand this one. Kosher is a food prep. As in: don't put non-kosher condiments in here. Which is interesting since Heinze came up with the little kosher markings in the US to say it's actually kosher.
[Not sure](http://m.startribune.com/twins-to-fans-you-want-kosher-we-got-kosher/118846754/) but they went kosher anyway.
Do you have food carts/shops marked halal in Germany? I swear I've seen them in Europe, but it would be similar. The hotdogs would be all beef. Hebrew National on the US is a famous kosher dog.
Well, if we are being pedantic, which I would never do on Reddit or in real life, then no, they didn't go full kosher. But I recognize that most people would understand the nuance and I appealed to the larger audience at hand. I hope I didn't misread the room, though.
I honestly didn't even know what halal was even though I saw the signs. They're rare in the US west, I think NYC has more. But again, if I had to describe what kosher actually means I couldn't tell you. Kosher markings aren't that big of a thing here, either. And even my Jewish friends don't seem to make a big deal of it. In California we have more proposition 65 warnings tellings us that everything will cause cancer and kill you. I'm waiting for the Prop 65 food carts to show up (biz idea!)
They honestly should have put the labels on the back so the employees saw versus the customers so that it doesn't trigger conservative snowflakes. Conservatives need their safe spaces and this clearly isn't one of them.
I would absolutely love it if the 'Don't tread on me' dudes pummeled the Nazi with their flag. Too bad that flag has been hijacked by the ConfederNazis.
The libertarians fly it so they don't get roped into the racist side. But from my experience they tend to just be closeted in that regard. Not all...you have to see what else they are flying. Maybe an 'all lives matter' sticker, too.
Duncan Hunter? Probably. He's the right type of shit head they need and want.
I think both sides have an agreement that the butthole doesn't exist. Unless you're into buttholes.
You can smell the insecurity and vanillaroma through the screen.
I've always been poor sleeper. I was actually signed up for a sleep study before I received my diagnosis early this year. So I started Adderall a month before the sleep study. The first week of Adderall had no affect on my sleep. The 2nd kept me up all night. I started using melatonin before bed this last week and I've been much better. I completed my sleep study this week so I'm looking forward to the results.
If I can't get my kids to go for a walk with me after dinner I suggest a rolly polly hunt in the neighborhood. Works most of the time. They don't understand that you can't crush them and expect them to live, but we're working on it.
I have a neighbor who's in his 80s, and his wife passed away right when my son was born. My mom, in her 70s, came down to help with my son after my wife went back to work. My dad died 10 years ago so she's been somewhat single since then. Anyway, my neighbor took an instant liking to my mom (his wife was dead at this point about 6 months). They didn't really date per se, but they did hang out quite a bit, dinners and what not. Anyway, his kids had a very hard time about it to the point of coming and talking to me to tell my mom to back off. I was quite clear with them: it's not my issue, and it's really not yours either. At the same time I get their point of view. Their mom just passed away, they're still grieving and they don't understand how their dad just moved on to woman number 2 right after his wife of 50 plus years died. And if they didn't want my mom, who they don't know at all, at a family function, I would get it. If my mom started parading a new dude around after my dad died and wanted to bring him to my wedding as a date, I wouldn't want to deal with it. Too soon. So I get her point of view. I don't think she's telling Grandpa to not date, just that they're not ready to move on with his new lady at family functions. The wedding is her call (she can invite whoever she wants), the Christmas dinner is something completely different.
I don't see her mention anywhere that she doesn't want to be in the same room as her. She didn't want the first Christmas without her grandmother to be with the replacement grandmother. I get this, when my dad died the first set of holidays were pretty rough as we had to change traditions and such (my dad always cooked the turkey, for example). Our family talked a lot about my dad during the holiday dinners, and it would have been really weird if my mom had a new boyfriend that we were expected to kind of talk around instead of talking about memories and stories about him. And I'm sure it would be even more awkward for that guy. The wedding, sure, now we are getting into longer time frames. I think she's being somewhat selfish about not letting her grandfather bring a date. But there is also the fact that this is one of those things where you as the bride get to be selfish. It's your day after all. And the plus one thing gets uncomfortable anyway. We had a strict no plus one at our wedding unless you were married to the plus one. Not that we didn't want people to feel left out but damn it's expensive for weddings. Then you just have the family members you don't want and then if you invite that ONE person you have to invite that other you don't want. Gets complicated. Families are a pain in the ass. Personally I think she should just get over it, but still, it's her wedding. She gets to pick who she wants to celebrate it with.
Personally, I would replace the skimmer since it's cracked and already patched. I had my skimmer patched and the company who did it said the patch would last 18 months. It lasted 8 years. It was just an epoxy patch. But you're basically waiting for it to fail at this point. 1100 seems good. I was quoted 1600. I just had mine replaced along with a refinish, but it was clearly dying.
Let's separate the writing from the message. No comment on the message if that's your thing, so be it. The writing...well that's a different situation. I can't imagine reading that book and thinking from a pure story telling and writing point of view that it's good in either category.
The worst road rage I experienced was in Vancouver, BC. The dude didn't want to do a zipper merge (meaning he wouldn't let me merge). Traffic stopped right after this merge and he got out of his car and he was most definitely not saying sorry or thank you or please.
Centrist when a baker doesn't want to make a gay wedding cake: It's their right to serve who they want! Centrist when a media company doesn't want to host their right wing garbage: My rights! I'm so oppressed! This is such a violation!
Too young to be boomers. Gen x, probably.
It rubs the lotion on the skin.
/r/selfawarewolves
I seem to remember that being a part of the movie 'The Mexican'
Well I would say don't do any day trips because Rome has a ton to see and 5 days doesn't really do you any justice. But you won't listen and want to squeeze in a trip anyway. I know I did on my first visit. So...Orvieto I heard is nice. Never been. But I've heard from many people. Naples via the fastest train is 2 hours and you won't regret the food. BUT Naples is an acquired taste and the area around the train station is bad and Naples in general has a rough feel to it. I love Naples, though. The pizza is the best in the world and the food in general is spectacular (get the Genovese as a dish you literally won't find anywhere else in Italy or the world. The north has a similarly named dish that is not the same). So my recommendation is to stay put in Rome and see the Capuchin Crypt made of human bones or one of many different catacombs. The Spanish Steps. Trastevere. The old Jewish quarter. The mouth of truth. Or any of the million tourist attractions that make up that city. Honestly, you're there for 5 days. I would spread the sight seeing across all 5 days and have long breakfasts and lunches. Remember places close down for food around 130 and won't open until 7 or later. Visit the popular places as early as you can get up and take the afternoons to walk around and drink coffee and eat gelato.
&gt;I painted a red line on the street 5 feet from my driveway skirt (the rule in my city is 5 feet). I had new neighbors, once, who didn't like how we parked. We had been parking in front of our house the same way for 20 years. But he didn't like it. Anyway, he painted the street like you did. And then called the police on us parking the we always had been doing. They fined him several hundred dollars for graffiti due to him painting the street. And had to clean it up anyway. Don't paint the street.
It's not our best athletes. It's that our best athletes who have a physic and mentality for soccer aren't playing soccer. LeBron would be a shitty ass soccer player. Most basketball players wouldn't be very good. There would be some good American football players that might have been good soccer players. But O or D line players, probably not. Once soccer players in the US consistently get paid a million bucks and drive lambos with model girlfriends THEN you might see a shift. Unfortunately, there is a subset of American Football fans whose masculinity is associated with how aggressively they watch other men get sweaty on the field that is preventing it's growth.
I'm absolutely positive that some 2nd or 3rd string players in other sports would have been better off in soccer.
Found the pussy American football fan.
Someone just needs to write a capitilism_body_count bot to automatically respond to those posts. And maybe just add capitalism's ancestor, and Trump favorite, mercantilism into the fold and include the Atlantic Slave trade figures in, and generally the rape of Africa by imperialists. And other countries/continents as needed. I guess we could list places all day.
The Netherlands for the crime of using the wrong beer glass.
Brother (or sister), let's just say the crotch spider plan worked but had it's consequences. Have you ever seen a crotch spider infestation? We had to get a pubic toad to come and get all the spiders out. And since the toads have no natural predator in the north American white woman pubic region, we had to employ the pants anaconda. I don't have any answer to that problem but my wife doesn't seem to mind. So I guess he gets to stick around.
[Here's the dream team literally dunking on their opponents for 1.5 minutes](https://youtu.be/YT3MAoTyr64). No need for that when you're up 40 points. Shoot from the outside. Make it challenge. [Here's 4 minutes of them rubbing it in their opponents face](https://youtu.be/2rZO-zYjUms). Again, no need to be flashy, Jordan. No need to crush them in the backcourt. No need to block shots and have aggressive defense. No need to dunk over 3 players.
&gt;Lmao there’s nothing unsportsmanlike about dunking. /r/selfawarewolves. You'll get there. That's exactly my point. The dream team didn't get shit for doing what they always do. And what does the slang "being dunked on" mean? Is it a sign of respect? &gt; In addition l, high fives aren’t excessive celebration. Nice “evidence” lmao!!! You're arguing with yourself at this point. You are also gatekeeping who gets to celebrate and how and why. Good job!
Your reading comprehension is spot on. I didn't say dunking was bad. I'll spell it out for you since you are slow and dense as shit. - you said that there's been no display as unsportsmanlike like this woman's game. The dream team showed zero respect towards anyone they played. Zero. And they didn't need to. It was required of them and it was celebrated. I even linked you two videos showing how awesome it was. I don't have a problem with it. The women's team did the same thing. But according to you, they should have played down to their opponents. They should have been all nice and sweet. But you didn't say that of the dream team who didn't hold back, you defended their showy dunks and aggressive back court plays. They were needed. They could have played played with less flash. But they didn't play nice. They played aggressively. They played strong. They didn't hold back. They taunted their abilities. Of course with this women's team they shouldn't celebrate a goal because, I don't know why. Goal scoring is so rare in a soccer game anyway it's probably reflex to celebrate. So either being aggressive is bad which means you need to admit that the dream team was worse, or admit you have some weird double standard. But 💯 on the comprehension.
If only you did keep the same standards. So far you've just explained away the men's behavior but you're just so gosh darn upset about these women. Any example throughout this thread you've found some way to explain it away as not being relevant; tap dancing around them all. So yeah, a little self awareness will go a long way.
I'm 42 and got diagnosed early this year. My mom is definitely ADHD, but refuses to admit it. She's in her 70s, so no big deal. I didn't have behavioral issues or anything like that. I was just wrapped up in my own thoughts and completely not present in anything involving social events. Daydreamer might be a better word. Couldn't pay attention in school. * My parents could have been more social with other families with other kids so I wasn't always just by myself at a young age. Alone with my thoughts letting them spin to whatever conclusion made sense. This can be a very unhealthy trend. ADHD kids (and adults) are thinkers. And tend to think about the wrong things and jump to conclusions. That creative mind is a positive and a negative. Feed the positive creativity. * Realize that your child might not be able to articulate what is going on in their head. Don't make them feel bad or assume they don't want to talk about things. They probably can't even explain what is going on. Picture a million separate thoughts all trying to squeeze out of a single small doorway. Don't give up on getting them to talk. But be patient. * They were, however, brutal on routine, which I think was my mom's method of unintentionally dealing with her ADHD (she is hyper and unfocused). Getting a kid to be on a schedule and a routine is key. This saved me to be honest. Things go to hell when I'm off routine. * Really evaluate sleep issues. I had apnea as a child. Lack of sleep makes it way worse. Might not show up until later years, though. * Sports! Get your child on some sports or even group activity that forces participation. My mom made me join a swim team. Ended up being good. But the focus on a sport for an hour or two (and then more) can help.
&gt;There's no need for a conviction of rape to terminate parental rights. Actually, in half the states you do.[Nearly half of states require a rape conviction to terminate parental rights. Several others allow either standard.](https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/in-alabama-rapists-have-parental-rights/)
Like I said, I don't know why he wasn't prosecuted. The DNA evidence is enough to prove he's the father and probably prove statutory rape, but he was never charged. [This article, the second half is about her, shows a closer age difference between](https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/in-alabama-rapists-have-parental-rights) between her and the uncle. Alabama and nearly half of the states require a conviction. He was never convicted so there isn't much you can do.
50 percent of the states require a conviction of rape to terminate visitation rights. I have no clue why it wasn't pursued here. The state let her down.
Right, but it's a very difficult line to toe. On the surface it makes sense until you get someone making a false rape accusation because it's a messy divorce or breakup and they want to screw the other person over. It then makes sense to ensure that the other person has been actually found guilty and not just accused of something. That is why we have a criminal justice system. You can't just accuse someone and that's all the matters.
Won't go to jail but you could lose your children over an accusation. Potentially.
I'm the inattentive type. The racing mind was usually if I woke in sleep but otherwise not really present. Or so I thought. I wasn't thinking about 5 things at once, I was hyper focused on one thing, then another, and then another, etc. Sometimes one thing for days. I'm not hyperactive in anyway shape or form. And then I got Adderall and now I know what a quiet brain is like. And how to focus on the task at hand. So talk to your therapist. You might not have it . Or might be mild. But my inability to pay attention to lecture or classes was an issue. Daydreaming constantly. My wind was always not where it should be.
Well that is an example of the "clear and convincing evidence of rape" that is required by most states. Statutory rape is pretty easy to show when you have the ages of the parents and child. But if both parents were beyond the age of consent it's more difficult. And in this case I think the first viable child was outside of the statutory window; which maybe the previous miscarriage and child death could be used to show/prove statutory rape history. But since the living children weren't necessarily conceived of statutory rape she would need to show forced. Her case would probably be an open and shut case in most states that don't need a conviction. But that doesn't mean that there isn't potential for abuse. So you have to decide what is worse: having a parent lose custody over false claims or have a rape victim be forced into visitation. Neither is pleasant.
It's probably just a good exercise routine in general would help. My therapist said that swimming probably ended up being a mindfulness type practice for me as you are swimming endless laps without much to distract you. And it made it me a good sleeper being so tired. Except for the apnea. That sucked :(
Looks like a coast guard self-righting motor lifeboat.
I think that's a sign of a hemorrhoid. Is it bulging out? Painful?
I never wanted kids. I never liked them. I didn't like being around then. When my wife and I got married we discussed and I said I never really wanted them but if she does I will do it. But if we physically can't have them I'm not into adopting. And I didn't want to spend money on IVF, etc. We were on the same page. Flash forward 5 years later and she wants kids. So we tried. And I remember when she told me she was pregnant, I was scared as hell. It wasn't the jumping up and down and being excited. It was the feeling of my life has entered stage 2. Anyway, we have 2 kids and I regret nothing. A lot of my guy friends have admitted feeling the same: they never wanted kids but they are so glad they had them. Not sure what the take away is. But I don't think it's uncommon for a guy to just not want them but to take one for the team anyway. Even my dad admitted that to me.
[From 2016](https://heavy.com/sports/2019/06/alex-morgan-salary-contract-how-much-money/) "The majority of players on the national women’s team are paid a base salary of $72,000, with a $1,350 bonus if they win a game, according to the complaint. If the team plays and wins the required 20 friendly matches, a player could earn $99,000. But a player on the men’s national team, which operates on a “pay-for-play” system, could earn $263,320 if they won all 20 games, and even if they lost every game, they’d still receive $100,000. The women’s team doesn’t get paid extra if they play more than 20 games, but players on the men’s team can get $5,000 to $17,625 each for additional games, according to ESPN."
Well sometimes the clouds like to park the bus.
Christiandes Endler...Rugby teams hate her.
If Sweden wins, US drops to 2nd and advances If the US wins, US stays in 1st and advances If there is a tie, US stays in 1st on GD and advances That's why it's meaningless to win, as they advance either way the game ends up.
Depends on how many hands you have
&gt;Calling any of this terrorist trash right or left wing is divisive politics. Once you get into this territory of hate, you are no longer left or right as neither ideology promotes such violence. Don't want to hurt the ~~the right wings~~ terrorists feelings now, do we?
Why are you using the VPN? To get to different regions for Netflix and such? If this is off a home internet connection and you're worried about safety I'm not sure the VPN is doing what you think it's doing. As far as the dynamic dns is concerned, it's supposed to account for your constantly changing the IP address, that's really the point of it. But, I'm thinking your VPN is configured to not allow inbound traffic. Or more likely the provider side is blocking inbound. You would need to talk to your VPN provider on how to portforward from their side through your tunnel. I would honestly be concerned that your always on VPN to a media center might be exposing that server to the internet and the VPN is making you less secure. Unless you know that there is a firewall on the other side.
From another sub about protonvpn, a user suggested ngrok. That's probably what you're looking for.
Yeah, looks like a cloud hosted reverse tunnel solution from my 1 minute of looking at them. You could certainly roll your own if you wanted to. Either way I think you're running a tunnel through a tunnel so if you're running media across this keep that in mind. Lots of overhead.
But I'm not at home :(
Your mobile VPN to the Pi should connect through your original ISP instead of trying to come back through the Express VPN tunnel. Meaning point your mobile VPN to your IP that your ISP gives you versus the Express VPN public IP. Basically your original setup. That will tunnel everything back out of your Express VPN. You will have two tunnels though. So don't expect the performance to be great. You might want to setup a different device to be your VPN gateway for the Express VPN if you are having throughput issues. Your router doesn't have to be the VPN gateway.
Let's start with this: do you get an IP address within the same range as your home network when your mobile phone connects to the Pi VPN? Or is it different. For instance, my home network is 192.168.x.x...when I connect my phone to MY Pi VPN (using open VPN) I get an IP for my phone in the 10.x.x.x range.
Can't really help with the speeds. You can try the Merlin firmware for try Asus. Might be something there for you. No worries on the other stuff. I'm not going anywhere.
Wanna try that again with an analogy that makes sense?
Everyone involved in the Holocaust was found guilty of violating international law and jailed or put to death.
Did the people have a say in those laws? Are those democracies? Or are these tyrannical countries?
Sounds like you're an expert.
Haven't forgotten...that routing table is very confusing. Give me some time to figure this out. Three default routes. Interesting.
We are in a cooking sub, you could get away with 'You're more bitter than extra virgin olive oil, you damn Olive Garden chef'.
Dudes in Niger don't like you eating that yellowcake.
[Fox News does](https://www.thedailybeast.com/fox-refers-to-el-salvador-guatemala-and-honduras-as-three-mexican-countries). And so by extension, their viewers probably do to.
It's honestly not as much selfawarewolves and more like /r/iagreewiththenazisbutnotpublicly
The Nazis didn't invent the concentration camp, most likely the British did in the current context. Mr SAW doesn't want to use the the term concentration camp for what's happening on our southern border because it was too close to the Nazis. But doesn't disagree that they are exactly that. But maybe you should also know the difference between the Nazi Concentration camps and the Nazi Extermination/Death camps, since you're throwing the word 'ignorant' about.
From your own article: "[Holocaust](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holocaust) scholars draw a distinction between concentration camps (described in this article) and [extermination camps](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extermination_camp), which were established by Nazi Germany for the industrial-scale mass murder of [Jews in the ghettos](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghettos_in_Nazi-occupied_Europe) by way of [gas chambers](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gas_chamber)."
As a white, German-Italian-American, gun-owning, Christian, Southerner, small business owner, Republican I'm so fucking sick of the lefts obsession with identity politics.
Water and Southern California aren't really an issue :) . Plus this will be against the house under 15 feet of overhang. I'm just worried about the equipment getting too hot without a fan. But it doesn't sound like it's an issue. Even though the unify switches seem to run hot.
Yeah, I'm not using the Ubiquiti cameras. Just some other POE cams, that work fine until I need a better solution. I had the toughswitchs powering my old APs and there were throughput issues all over the place, so I'm not confident that I want to use them again for anything other than dumb switches for random projects.
We talking chowders or broth based?
I looked into it, but I don't need 16 ports and I still need to get a MoCA adapter back there which would require a cabinet anyway.
This article doesn't really call out that ["U.S. staffers also reportedly visited the hotel in Nice, France that FIFA will put them if they lose to England and have to play in the third-place game."](https://sports.yahoo.com/get-a-load-of-this-silly-motivational-tactic-englands-coach-is-using-against-the-uswnt-183545991.html). Sounds like a big nothing.
I heard it that way, too
His dad "The pit barrel king" made it. So you were close.
Jerome Corsi and the rest of the WND gang of idiots are some of the worst things about America right now. The fact that people take them as honest people and great sources of information (including the super 'libertarian' you responded to) shows just how fucked up our country is right now. The Swift Boat attacks are a great example: he's still touting that BS a decade after being debunked.
Or just free and easy access to birth control.
&gt;Only irrational people think that criminals will stop being criminals due to politicians telling they have to stop. I don't believe that argument is pervasive in any circle. Most people know that laws aren't for preventing, but for punishment. Rational people see the effect of punishment as a deterrent for commiting crime. If speeding was punishable by death you wouldn't see very many people speeding.
&gt;We're in a radical beliefs thread and you're downvoting. Asshole move. No, [I neither up or downvoted you](http://imgur.com/a/LwKp553). But now that you're name calling and making assumptions, you want to reel (not real, drr) that back in? &gt;I'm also not necessarily opposed to free birth control, I just don't buy the argument that it's difficult to obtain or too expensive already. Rubbers are cheap. The pill requires a Dr appointment and a prescription. And probably a parent in some situations. And for teenagers it's oddly embarrassing to buy rubbers, for some reason. &gt;Also, teenagers and poor people aren't complete dumbasses. It doesn't take much thought to consider the consequences of getting your dick wet. Teenagers are pretty much known the world over for making poor life choices, I was a teenager once, I certainly was a dumbass. [49% of abortions are from people below the poverty line](https://www.guttmacher.org/united-states/abortion/demographics). Additionally ["A new study by investigators at Washington University reports that providing birth control to women at no cost substantially reduces unplanned pregnancies and cuts abortion rates by a range of 62 to 78 percent compared to the national rate."](https://medicine.wustl.edu/news/access-to-free-birth-control-reduces-abortion-rates/). &gt;Personal responsibility is a thing It is, but burdening someone Ill prepared to raise a child does not benefit society. We aren't talking about a bad tattoo, we are talking about a child and there will be at least 2 people impacted.
So why aren't we living in a complete hellish nightmare of crime, then? If we are all irrational and aren't worried about punishment, then why the low crime?
Well your statement &gt;Because most people don't want to commit crimes or otherwise disturb the social order. Directly contradicts your other statement &gt;Except most people, much less (non-white-collar) criminals, aren't very rational. So which is it? Are we a bunch of irrational people not worried about consequences or do we not want to disturb social order?
[66 percent of U.S. adults who identify as pro-choice opposed third-trimester abortions, and 68 percent oppose abortions the day before a baby is born.](https://apnews.com/dec1f82c4c630cb97ab7cefc58cf0866). So most of the pro-choice population have an opinion on when the fetus becomes a baby. And more oppose last minute abortions. If you're against abortions at all, at which point does everything become a human? Certainly at fertilization there isn't much "human" there...but if you do argue for 'at fertilization', then how can you argue about sperm in general being wasted? That is certainly a living thing in some capacity, albeit very short lived. My views have changed since I saw my first child on the ultrasound, but I'm still ok with legalization, but personally against it (with some exceptions). I'm not sold on 20 weeks, but 6 weeks seems to early to limit.
&gt;Pretty much everyone everyday commits a crime. That would make everyone a criminal. &gt;A criminal will be a criminal no matter what law there is saying that they cannot do something. This is the opposite of my point. I said laws don't prevent, laws are used to punish. The punishment can be the deterrent, but the law isn't. Speeding was the example I used. Everyone speeds because the punishment is weak (intentionally). &gt;Strict gun laws just turn criminals towards knives and machetes. Maybe, but we still have a intentional homicide rate higher than all European countries except for Ukraine, and 4 times that of Canada. Most of those have strict gun control and murder rates are still low with no significant knife murder rate. &gt;It’s simply not rational to think that banning something for example is going to stop crime, criminals will simply adapt, this is proven. You're arguing against a point I never made. Banning a machine gun won't stop a criminal from using one. Giving someone a life sentence would most definitely make someone question using one, especially if it's not a suicide mission. In the eloquent words of [Frank Costello](https://youtu.be/HaUmJOU1ejs).
No, infanticide is killing a baby that is born. Before being born it's a fetus.
No, post 20 week abortions (late term) are for non-viable births or for mother's at risk. That's it.
&gt;Go listen to Fox news or read Breitbart exclusively and you will feel much, much better. Jesus...Fox and Breitbart? All it will do is make me feel sad for the people that take those two seriously. You know: Republicans and Trump supporters. AKA people who can't wipe their own asses.
&gt;So harsher sentencing laws do not work as a crime deterrent, period. Singapore and North Korea would love to have a word with you. Probably the Soviet Union. And Cuba. And Saudi Arabia. And Iran. And China.
With the exception of Iran, all have half the US rate.
You claim that you don't listen to them yet you said &gt;Half of the Green New Deal wasn’t even about energy. She claims humanity is doomed in 12 years and then stuffs it full of socialist ideas under the guise of saving the planet Which is literally talking points from Fox and InfoWars. Anyone who has read the actual House bill wouldn't make a comment about socialism since there isn't a single socialist talking point in there. And most of it is about using green energy and rebuilding infrastructure, which isn't exactly seizing the means of production. So if your opinion is echoing conservative nutjob talking points, don't be surprised when you get called one.
You're trying to shift the conversation really, really hard. Stay with me here. We are talking about the Green New Deal something you called a Socialist takeover. That is a Conservative talking point, specifically from far right news sources. Whatever happens in NYC or whatever mainstream Dems feel about here overall isn't relevant to your echoing of far right news sources. You can bring up Amazon all you want to try and change the topic. But we're talking GND.
How does he get a haircut while wearing a cowboy hat?
Canadian Club Whiskey has a whole new meaning.
They're fighting Nazis and white supremacists. And because they are far left they attract the anarchists. Those are ones throwing chairs through Starbucks windows. The antifa are fighting the Nazis. Anarchists are the ones that show up at WTO events.
This sub is funny about Nazis and White supremacists and antifa. Anytime this question comes up it's "antifa is a bunch of terrorists!" Asking about Nazis and White supremacists will be met with "they too small of a group to be concerned about."
Your a little late. The US Government actively went after communists in the US.
That guy spouting racial slurs and his buddy running people down in his car....meh, no big deal. The REAL troublemakers are the ones that punch those guys in the face. How dare they commit violence against those preaching violence!
I got my first real job in the late 90s. The company I worked for was using punch cards until the early 90s.
Definitely sounds like my comp sci program in the 90s. We used nothing but Pascal for the first 2 years and only to emphasize a topic. We had one class of C++, another on assembly. We had no large programming projects. Lots of math. Algorithms was the death of me. We had no internet in the dorms (as we know it today). Just a serial connection to a VAX and Pine for email and Lynx for web.
Accounting firms. One of the partners refused to use a PC, his admin would print out his emails and hand them to him. I hated every day of that job.
&gt;applied indiscriminately to anyone who isn’t far-left enough for their tastes. That isn't even close to being true. They fight the proud boy's on a regular basis and protest outside of alt-right events. They aren't seen protesting anything related to the Democrats; if this was true you would see them at every Democratic debate. They don't even protest Republican events outside of MAGA rallies. &gt;There’s a shortage of the genuine item, so they’ve had to come up with ersatz substitutes Such as?
So one guy? Of all the protests you found them accidentally attacking one guy.
LA, the weather and Mexican food are better. And the surf. And since I'm rich I don't need to worry about traffic.
Cybersecurity, I work 35 - 45 hours per week. Unlimited PTO, I've taken 6 weeks this last year, probably 4 this year.
&gt;Plus, pretty important who gets to decide if someone else is a Nazi. Cause, you know, arbitrarily pointing out people whose lives don't matter is pretty.. Nazi. Oh, so NOW people get to self identify... But if there is one thing I'm sure about it's that the Nazis didn't arbitrarily do anything.
Clinton won the popular vote. Only 5 presidents have lost the popular vote and won the electoral college. Trump and Bush are the modern ones.
I'm sure he's steaming..."80 Million? I'm worth more than that! These idiots have no clue! I'll level their country so show them who's worth more! I have the nuclear!"
(assuming he even has that much)
[Yes](https://time.com/5357188/australia-firefighters-california-wildfires/)
"Firefighters were last mobilized from Australia and New Zealand in 2015" Probably If you read the article you would realize they've come before, too.
Couldn't afford docs in highschool...when I could finally afford docs I moved from Seattle to San Diego where it's too hot for them. However, I wear flannel with my shorts and flip-flops during our "winters". I'm 43. I was also more of a 501s and flannel guy, anyway, back then. Actually, I take it back...I had some docs low cut shoes for work at one point. Just never any boots.
My wife is on Verizon and we don't have any issue. Well, Sprint and T-Mobile don't have the best call quality anyway, from my experience. Verizon is pretty good. But, no, I don't experience the same as you. It's been pretty solid since j switched over 2ish years ago.
God....no offense....I'm so glad I'm done with the diaper stage. Still wiping butts, but no more diapers.
I was putting diaper cream on one of my kids, can't remember which, and some how jammed my finger. So I put that diaper cream covered finger right in my mouth. Yuck.
We never left Iraq. And they just voted to have us removed.
Probably the best thing he can do is kick us out at this point. Iraq doesn't want more war. We lose our access it saves some face. And ignoring that request only makes us look worse.
Is your sister-in-law Chareth Cutestory the pirate lawyer?
Indo-Iranian, or Aryan people, unless I'm missing something. Not the Aryans of white supremacy and meth.
Driving tests, especially in Europe, are way more stringent than the US. And driving age is higher.
[This is why you go by deaths per mile/Km to account for the amount we do drive. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate).
For sure...just saying deaths per distance is a better metric. And also...what the hell, Mexico?
I've actually driven in Mexico quite a bit. It's the same cars we have. But the roads are barely 2 cars wide (at least in northern Baja and Sonora between cities, highway 1 going south from TJ is pretty nice) and full of semis driving way too fast. The people I worked with told me to stay off the roads at night as there were lots of drunk drivers and not enough police to patrol. I didn't enjoy my days driving around northern Mexico.
Europe highways aren't really any different. Driving in Italy can feel like a road race, and some speed limits are 130kmph. And then there is the Autobahn in Germany. Driving the road on the Amalfi Coast is white knuckle event at times.
The original Transformers movie (fun movie fact, during Dirk Digglers music phase of Boogie Nights he's playing some of the songs from the Transformers movie).
I had a friend in Charleston who insisted I bring her tortillas when I visited. She liked the uncooked ones. Not Mission brand. Probably not what you're looking.
There you go...might as well get some carne asada while you're at it and some avocado.
A friend of mine in Virginia took me to his favorite Mexican place someplace around Arlington. Salsa from a jar and bland everything. I had to act like I enjoyed it.
I have that one and it works fine. I didn't know it was only 100 Mbps. But, whatever, its solid.
A new player has entered the game: /r/EnlightenedSelfAwareWolvesCentrists he shoots himself to own the libs.
Everyone knows that astrotech droids can withstand lava and sometimes pilot lava boats.
I'm surprised you didn't throw pizza gate and the deep state into that mix of right wing conspiracy garbage. She's been investigated many times and hasn't been found guilty of anything. So other than peddling Breitbart conspiracy crap, how is she shady?
Clinton didn't have the authority to allow or deny the sale of the company. And all members of the CFIUS, of which Clinton was NOT a member of, approved the sale. Obama could have stopped it. But in order for this conspiracy to work, Clinton would have to have all 9 members of the committee paid off AND Obama. So what gain would Giustra have by donating money to the Clinton Foundation about a company he no longer has a financial interest in? In a sale that she could neither approve or deny? He donated a lot of money to the Clinton Foundation...for what gain to him? That in itself isn't shady.
McCartney had a lot of misses *Simply having a wonderful Christmas time* No, no you're not. You've ruined Christmas music for everyone.
He was definitely there to meet the Iraqi PM, who has stated as much, to talk about easing the tension between Iran and Saudi Arabia. He was on actual official business and expected by the Iraqi government.
I doubt he was lured out. But killing someone on their way to peace talks and on their way to meeting the head of the government of a country in which you are operating from isn't a good way to keep up relationships. If the Iraqi government had informed the US of this guy's visit and we went ahead and blew him up, that's probably just going to make our relationship with Iraq a little strained.
Well let's hear these counters, then.
Jim Crow, Nazi Germany...society tolerating intolerance and then enacting laws around intolerance. Can probably make an argument for the Japanese internment camps. And also why we have to have laws on Civil Rights.
Jim Crow was literally a group of people intolerant of black people and making laws to enforce that. A society intolerant of that intolerance enacts civil rights laws. The Germans being intolerant of Nazis because they had actual Nazis running the country, who were a tad intolerant.
&gt;Jim Crow is less tolerating intolerance and more the state making intolerance mandatory. That is exactly what the tolerance paradox is about. The tolerant becoming dominant if given a voice, and that voice being considered valid. &gt;Same with the interment of Japanese Americans. There wasn’t exactly a “tolerance” for the minority groups affected before hand in either case. There wasn't any laws prior that said Japanese couldn't coexist either.
Between the end of Civil War and Jim Crow, blacks in the South could vote and participate in politics. The Civil War equalized equality, at least race-wise from a legal standpoint. While racism was very much alive, black Americans in the South were at least legally equal. Jim Crow wiped that away legislatively. If the North had simply not tolerated that, if that hatred from the South was just rejected we wouldn't be where we are today (and for a while it was fought against). That is a clear cut case of the tolerance of intolerance. The Nazis literally used that example on how to achieve the same level of success in Germany. Jews were not in camps and had not been living in ghettos prior to the 1930s in Germany. And the German population went all in with the Nazis. Regardless of those two examples. The paradox doesn't require a specific tolerant society to begin with. It simply says that tolerating the intolerant will destroy whatever is tolerant. The Muslim ban is another example. Trump supporters will say "Well, Obama did it, so it can't be all that bad, right? Oh, and Carter banned Iranians, prior, so we are just following precedent." Not realizing, of course, that it gets progressively worse and worse. It's like termites: you ignore the ones on your deck because, well, its old anyway, and then they're on the ledger board, and you're thinking, ok, yeah but the structure is strong. And then your roof falls in on you. You allow one intolerable piece of legislation get through and now you have a toe hold. You get the Supreme Court to agree (Plessy v Ferguson) and then you're on your way.
Not quite extensive enough. They had the most seats by 1932, and by a decent amount, too.
&gt;The people in power get to be as intolerant as they would like in the process of determining who gets to be tolerated. Never to be satisfied, a new example of intolerance will always be found, and the eventual result is oppression. I see what you're saying, but you're actually echoing the paradox. The paradox is stating that equality must be preserved, and that allowing the intolerant to govern will erode a tolerant society; it's not stating that intolerant people are not legally allowed or should be jailed, it's stating that their message should not be tolerated. It's not stating who gets to be tolerated, its stating that if you let the intolerance get a foot hold it spirals down. The first amendment is actually a defence of this paradox. Saying all speech is free means that an intolerant group can't legally shut down opposition if they are in power. If we didn't have that protection then we would be at risk of spiraling down. Per Karl Popper, who wrote the paradox: "In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be unwise." So it's not about governing, it's about protecting. So let the Nazis march, but shout them down.
Alright then
&gt;On the polisci end, had a prof preface a class question on How the Cold War ended with “I’ll give you a hint, it wasn’t Ronald Reagan’s policies.” &gt;Guess what my stubborn ass answered. &gt;He was a career foreign service officer. It felt good to give him a proper go fuck himself in so few words. And these guys are the ones whining about indoctrination. And also /r/thathappened
All I can say is that I'm very much looking forward to Seattle getting a new NBA team (someday), and OKC going from getting to claim winning the NBA title, to not getting to claim it anymore. Well, technically they get to share the title. But that trophy remains in Seattle.
Try sunglasses next time, too. Always a good look.
I don't doubt for a second that if he was truly in that situation that he did think that to himself, telling the professor to fuck off. But if you're in a poli-sci class and the professor is leading off with a "How did the cold war end" question, he or she is not going to simply end with "Hint: it wasn't Reagans policies" and then end the lecture and expect that to be the answer for the midterm. It would be either a lecture on the complexities of the Cold War and how it ended or a "go study at home and be prepared to discuss this at the next class" situation. If he was really in that situation, then he would have described how he told the professor to "fuck off", which he didn't.
Well fuck...I do all my political rantings via interpretive dance on tiktok. You should see my set on federalism. BuzzFeed gave it a h1n1 on their daily viral list.
Received the email... can't get to the Ticketmaster site. Getting Forbidden messages.
It's not a death sentence, but its mostly illegal.
[I thought you were kidding](https://www.theguardian.com/music/2020/jan/14/come-out-ye-black-and-tans-wolfe-tones-alan-partridge).
Should have figured it was a PragerU garbage video. I wonder what war they will dream up next; we already have the War on Christmas, the War on Light Bulbs, and now War on Cars. Apparently I missed their [War on Boys](https://www.prageru.com/video/war-on-boys/) and [War on Work](https://www.prageru.com/video/the-war-on-work/). Maybe do a War on War?
&gt;If only to (via a trick shot) say the Canadians weren't responsible for something a lot of Canadians take ridiculous pride in. You just gotta remind them that when we burned their capital they were so embarrassed that they renamed the town and then moved the capital.
Here's a big old list [A-Z Index of U.S. Government Departments and Agencies](https://www.usa.gov/federal-agencies/a). I can't imagine the DoD ever turning a profit, but someone has to do it.
How do they vote if they aren't registered? And registration requires something to prove they are a citizen.
Who's the asshat that reported you guys?
Interesting...in the 90s the company I worked received a letter from Microsoft saying that we had pirated versions of Windows and of we didn't remove or obtain a license for those systems they were going to proceed with legal action. It ended up just being a letter that a number of companies received that was nothing more than a toothless threat.
It's probably the same thing. But who knows. Was the letter received certified? I would think if they're serious they would want someone to sign for that letter to prove you have it.
Well that assumes that military intervention is a Conservative ideal that they want to protect. Are Conservatives really trying to hold on to the traditional values of military intervention? I don't even think it's a left/right issue or even a progressive/conservative issue. If Obama would have had any conservative label applied it would have been his religious beliefs and probably his deportation strategy. He wasn't exactly a super progressive.
&gt;Conservatives recently have been much more into military intervention. Neither Clinton and Obama avoided using the military. Obama was a little less likely, but, he certainly wasn't anti-intervention. &gt;Obama ran on ending drone strikes Absolutely false &gt;closing Guantanamo True &gt;and generally withdrawing from foreign entanglements. Not quite, his "5 points" speech gave his overview on this. ["Building the first truly 21st century military and showing wisdom in how we deploy it."](https://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/04/23/obamas-5-point-american-moment/] &gt;He backed off of almost all of that pretty quickly. Again, not really. He withdrew military levels in Iraq and Afghanistan and then used targeted attacks using drones and special forces. And he did reduce the use of Guantanamo, but Congress stopped complete closure. Still his failure, but not necessarily all his fault.
Can you show me where he was anti-drone? Seriously, I've never heard anyone say that about him. &gt;Right, he wasn’t anti-intervention but he campaigned like he was My eyeballs fell out from rolling so much. C'mon, man.
[Doesn't work](https://www.tampabay.com/news/courts/florida-didnt-save-money-by-drug-testing-welfare-recipients-data-shows/1225721/) and it ends up costing more than just not worrying about it.
Then the plan should be to put them in a drug treatment plan, then, not just say "don't do drugs". And probably provide mental health support.
You mean the guy that was a Democrat and then a Republican and then an independent and then a Democrat? That guy? Yeah, he's not a liberal.
And as a Californian I have less of a say? My vote means less.
My wife's grandfather said that he didn't feel sorry for people who might be losing their pension because they should have been using their pension to invest in a retirement plan. I had no words.
The question is why do people use them as a daily driver when they aren't very efficient in that regard. Lots of people use them as daily drivers and rarely use them for hauling.
I had a truck daily driver for a couple of years. It was a nice drive. Now I drive a Prius and the truck sits in driveway getting maybe 500 miles a year using it for actual truck things like going to the dump or getting lumber. I want to sell it but my wife insists we need it, but she won't drive it because it's too big.
Well apparently I haven't driven in a long ass time since it's 26 gallon tank. The kid limo (mini van) is 17 gallons. It's a 2006 Tundra.
Sometimes I do....when dealing with a group of men and women, I've switched from "what's up, guys" to "what's up, y'all" But with a distinct PNW Accent. It doesn't work. Then I spit some tabachy into the spittoon and give a "yeeeeehaaaaaw" before running around in circles like I'm riding a horse swatting it's ass with my cowboy hat. And then I trip over my gigantic belt buckle stab the back of my head with my spurs.
Oh..they're magical. I'll be sure to leave random ones around the places I visit for the locals to find and enjoy.
How is this derogatory?
If you don't have a REAL ID compliant drivers license by Oct of this year or a passport you're not getting on a plane, even domestic. And it seems to be harder to get a compliant ID versus a passport. I have to bring 3 or 4 docs to verify me for mine.
I know, evil standards, like the C13 that literally every piece of IT equipment uses in the racks of data centers. Terrible.
Mexico didn't even have border guards in the early 2000s from San Diego. And crossing back over was sometimes just a quick look inside and on your way.
Standards don't work that way. It's rarely a single standard but a series. NEMA in the US, for.example, has multiple standards for plugs.
&gt;I am well aware of standards in electrical infrastructure and the development. Are you sure? &gt;Adding a regulatory component places a large inertia on change by forcing regulatory approval to test a new design instead of letting the market decide what they want to deal with. You mean like the National Electrical Code or whatever local code superceding that requiring UL 817 listed cords that correspond to IEC listed devices? You are aware of that, right? That especially at the data center level that using only UL listed and approved devices is required? And the market does dictate this since the standards bodies are market driven. The code enforces those standards. NEMA and UL don't provide the regulation. NEC is the law.
&gt;That was the whole point of the original question. Why would any bit of what you just said be applicable to phone chargers? Code states what types of plugs you can plug into a wall, code states what type of plug you can plug into the back or IT equipment. But suddenly code can't specify that same for phones?
Right, but why do I need a passport and social security card? Since they do the same thing.
Reduce waste Allow reuse Standardize electrical safety requirements and testing Simplify operational requirements Interoperability
&gt;So every format war needs to be decided by a governmental body? No I didn't say that. Again, the government isn't deciding any format. They are choosing a certifier. Which is exactly how it's done across industries. The government doesn't say to use 110v, the NEC does. &gt;Get a grip. When an inferior format falls out of favor then people stop using it and it stops being manufactured. You're missing the point. &gt;And no, Apple certainly won’t be able to “go their own way” when the specific interconnection is being dictated by governmental decree. Again, missing the point. Neither Apple or the Government are setting the standard. The standards board, who are always industry, is setting the standard. Apple can choose to participate or not. If they have a better product they can work with industry to get it approved. &gt;Besides basic safety issues the government has absolutely no business deciding what specific format is the only one allowed. And the government isn't deciding this. Again, the industry is. &gt;What if someone comes up with a new format that is able to deliver higher power levels and faster data rates than the dictated standard? You wouldn’t even be able to bring it to market unless you literally have a goddamn act of congress. Follow this: the government chooses a standards board (and more likely several). That board is all industry. No government. The government says "if you want to offer this, then the board approves. They set the standard." If there are changes or new products or new technology there is no changes to law or code. The law or code just says be certified by x. And that is exactly how the electronics industry is today.
&gt;But the issue at hand is the EU is calling for the specific format of USB-C. You’re the one missing the point. [You are very wrong](https://www.theverge.com/2020/1/17/21070848/eu-apple-european-commission-common-charger-lightning-cable-port) [From the EU](https://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/agenda/briefing/2020-01-13/13/call-to-introduce-common-charger-for-all-mobile-phones) They never called for a specific port.
* Shut up and sleep (a book on sleep problems, it's weird, but interesting. Basically don't breath through your mouth) * Lies my teacher told me (new edition) - recommend * Driven to Distraction (a book on ADHD) * Fire and Blood: 300 years before a Game of Thrones - recommend if you like GoT * The Hunt for Red October - Recommend * I knew you'd be lovely - it's ok * You've been so lucky already - it's ok * Earth abides - it's ok * Lucifer's Hammer - it's ok, * Without a country - it's ok * Rendezvous with Rama - it's ok * Revelation Space - recommend if you like sci-fi * House of Suns - recommend if you like sci-fi * The Stars are Legion - recommend if you like weird and gross sci-fi Also listened to * Mindsight * The whole-brain child * Alas, Babylon - it's ok * The girl with all the gifts - recommend, good take on zombies * I, Claudius - I picked the BBC version, I couldn't get through the book * Band of Brothers - recommend * Dark Territory - recommend if you like computer security (it's non-fiction)
I haven't. I'll have to give it a read.
Phelps' finish in the 100 fly was also crazy because he did what you're not supposed to do and take a half stroke on the wall...and then won. Watching the slomo on the finish is something else. But that relay was crazy. I watched that on a work trip and I remember losing my shit. I was a swimmer through college and there were plenty of txt messages going around that night with former team members. Also, as a former anchor on the 4x100 there was nothing they got you amped up more than a tight race and entering there water a couple strokes behind the lead team. Especially if it was a dual meet and it was for the team win.
Well, it cleared out homes to make way for high-rises is what it looks like. I think it makes sense to have a consolidated business district in the city center. I don't have a problem with what it did to a downtown, what I have an issue is what it did to commuting and housing desires. Los Angeles and Houston are good examples of sprawl that has no easy solution. Everyone wants a standalone house and big yard and that means that land isn't being used very efficiently. San Diego in the 70s through 90s (and still somewhat today) started tearing down older homes, even some Victorian style homes to make way for small condo complexes. And there are some neighborhoods with really nice looking homes built in the 20s that sit next to basically ugly 7 unit condos. So it's a hard decision to make, as it makes sense to make urban/suburban transition neighborhoods more dense but this comes at the expense of history. But if you want mass transit to work you need to find a way to make those areas more dense. Mass transit won't really work for suburbs. Well, I guess NOVA, Southern Maryland, and DC have it kind of figured out. Better than LA, anyway.
I have the 2nd edition and it has an intro. Not sure what the 3rd has. Sorry.
I would probably go with political experience, to be honest. Politics is, unfortunately, a skill. Business experience doesn't really map well to politics, and being successful in businesses doesn't necessarily mean you will be good in politics. Except if your job in business is being the chief negotiater. Trump is a good example of this. His leadership style is essentially bully-type. And anyone who has worked white collar long enough has worked for a Trump at some point. It's their way or the highway, and compromise isn't part of the equation. Trump can fire his own staff all day long, he can't fire the Senate. This isn't exclusive to Trump, Steve Jobs was the same way and would have been awful as a politician. But I think that is the nature of being a CEO.
I worked in cybersecurity for the DoD for years. No one gets it right. Jack Ryan the TV series is hilariously wrong about everything. No one gets chain of command right and all the approvals required just to do simple things. But a TV show showing someone requesting base access 4 times and the other side not receiving it or losing it and being denied entry and 4 different commands arguing over who's job it is to process the paperwork wouldn't be as exciting. As well as the shit ton of paperwork that needs to be completed following 36 different DoD directives and instructions and if you get one thing wrong having to start the entire process over. And how you have to buy into the coffee or water club. They don't show these things. Office Space: Pentagon would be funny.
Hold on: are you telling me OB in the 90s wasn't stuck in the 60s?
Rocky's Surf Shop in OB was also staged to look like the period during the opening credits. They didn't change it too much.
Yes, but did you build the gate out of old pallets?
WW2 wasn't that great of a period for civil rights. The 50s had McCarthyism. Post 9/11 wasn't great for civil rights or financially and we had 2 wars. The post Vietnam era was just shitty for the US all around but we did get legalized craft beer from that at least.
My Klipsch speakers that I purchased in 1995 are still working just fine.
&gt;Because they think that "internationally speaking, America is right wing..." &gt;But that's not true, because when they consider the "world".... they leave out nations that are extremely RIGHT WING. &gt;You are supposed to balance America according to only more leftist nations. &gt;Compared to the rest of the world, America IS NOT right-wing. These dumb fucks will never understand that being left/right wing is not a subjective drill. You're one or the other (and I get it, the scale isn't perfect). Western Europe is not right-wing because Cuba is further left. American can be center-right and still be to the left of Russia or China. And Jeb Bush is center-left, now?
&gt;Well regulated means "properly functioning" in that clause. No, it doesn't. The term "regulat" (no e, covering regulate and regulation) appear in the Constitution seven times and mean exactly what it means today: to govern or control.
I would vote for inanimate carbon rod over Trump.
Or /r/conservative or /r/unpopularopinion or /r/conspiracy
In Rod we trust!
Best flight I ever had was in business class on a 747 to Europe from LA. I had my own little pod with a privacy wall all around and our own flight attendant for that cabin. There were probably 9 other pods up there. There was also a fridge full of beer and a full self service bar. And a snack fridge. Super comfortable planes to fly in. But the dream liner and A380 are so much more quiet.
I just wish they would unlock the unsupported versions moving forward and let a custom firmware option exist. A community supported project / firmware has worked for other devices.
&gt;No one is asking him to compromise on civil rights. We’re asking him to stop acting like getting part of what he wants is bad because he didn’t get everything he wants. The Right: gay and trans people should be rounded up and shot Bernie: How about no and then we make them both a protected class You: Bernie, just compromise and just shoot the trans. Stop complaining that you didn't get what you want.
He's planning something. 2 year olds are little dictators waiting to crush their opposition. Don't let your guard down.
You only hear the claim when someone threatens Columbus Day. It's supposed to prove some point that Indigenous Peoples day shouldn't be celebrated over Columbus day because Native Americans were baddies, too.
[Please clap](https://giphy.com/gifs/justin-jeb-bush-please-clap-applause-l0NwPo3VHujpJDI4w)
HR is there is keep the company out of legal jeopardy. They aren't implementing rules for fun. They are there to protect the company.
Bill Maher lost his show Politically Incorrect because he called the 9/11 hijackers brave.
I know. His life is hard.
I talk like Donald Trump at times: the endless rabbit holes and tangents that make so much sense to me. I also can't find the words sometimes so I will talk around them. I often lose my train of thought mid sentence. And I constantly say one thing but mean another. I have a hard time listening to the other person as I am actively thinking about what I should say. Also, I either dominate the conversation or I am paralyzed with fear that I will say the wrong thing. And inappropriate comments or commentary. Foot in mouth disease.
I bought in San Diego for less than 20% and had PMI. Unless it's changed, in California you can get rid of PMI by just getting an appraisal showing 20% equity without refinancing after a year. The mortgage company might fight it, mine did, and then when the appraisal came through we had 19.9% equity. The next payment fixed that and PMI came off. But I also bought a condo in 2007 which tanked in value and I lost money on. California housing can be a wild ride.
Depends on the state and lender on cancelling it early. That's my point. Some states and lenders use the original home value to determine when you can cancel. Either you have paid it down or you have reached the date when you should have paid it down. In California, the law was (and maybe still is) that you can just re-appraise to show the equity. Some states don't allow that. And some lenders don't, either. My lender at the time didn't allow it, even though it's state law. So it took a bit of threatening legal action to get them to do it.
In general, no, it's very easy. In this situation, it was a pain. The lender had a statement that you needed to use an "approved" appraiser, but they didn't have a list of who was approved or what made someone approved. So I found a licensed appraiser and had it done. I think it was $500 or so. They submitted the appraisal to the lender who promptly rejected it for not being approved. So that was a hassle. And then the said the mortgage rules did not allow early PMI cancellation via re-appraisal which violated California law. So that took some threatening of legal action. And then they said the appraisal came back at 19.9% (or 80.1 tlv). So I made one more payment and it dropped. And I want to say they tried to claim the appraisal was out of date by that time. So getting the appraisal was simple. Cancelling PMI was a hassle.
The federal law only states that the ltv has to be 80% at original appraisal, it doesn't take into consideration current market value; so to cancel early you need to pay down the mortgage or re-fi. Some states don't allow current market value, California specifically does. In the states that don't consider it, then it's entirely up to the lenders rules.
"First, I want to apologize directly to the young woman involved in this incident. I want to apologize to her for my behavior that night and for the consequences she has suffered in the past year. Although this year has been incredibly difficult for me personally, I can only imagine the pain she has had to endure. I also want to apologize to her parents and family members, and to my family and friends and supporters, and to the citizens of Eagle, Colorado. I also want to make it clear that I do not question the motives of this young woman. No money has been paid to this woman. She has agreed that this statement will not be used against me in the civil case. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter. I issue this statement today fully aware that while one part of this case ends today, another remains. I understand that the civil case against me will go forward. That part of this case will be decided by and between the parties directly involved in the incident and will no longer be a financial or emotional drain on the citizens of the state of Colorado."
Ah, the ol' sizzle and drizzle.
Pizza. Just don't say what type.
Will spoil the broth...
*Checks flights to France*
Oh, so we're gonna have the bus vs register fight today, eh :) Yeah, I think they had a smaller bus for backwards compatibility. But really all I remember was my friends dad sometime around the late 80s or early 90s gave him one of each (some old work PCs). And we were so excited...until my dads friend gave him a 286 to give to me.
Yup, they packaged up the food for me and added utensils and napkins and such. It's closer to 10%.
"It's just too bad we can't have an epidemic of botulism." - Ronald Regan in regards to Patty Hearst's kidnappers demanding canned food be donated to the poor in California.
I was driving behind a truck several years back whose driver fell asleep at the wheel. The truck ran into the rock wall on the right shoulder and then rolled several times. I remember walking pretty calmly up to the truck not really knowing what to expect: could be a dead body, or horribly injured driver, etc. I also remember thinking "Why am I not freaking out about this?". Luckily the guy wasn't really hurt except for a cut on his head. But I distinctly remember the calm feeling and the other drivers who eventually stopped running around all stressed out.
Right, but carrying 2x the capacity is worse than 1/3 more.
You're talking discretionary vs mandatory spending. While mandatory is the larger percentage of the budget (it's not 70%), it's also funded via payroll taxes and mostly to a large percentage self-sufficient in that sense. If you eliminate the mandatory spending and the payroll taxes all in one swoop the deficit is barely moved. Income and corporate taxes do not cover the discretionary budget.
You're not right. It's not 70% and social security isn't all welfare.
About 60% mandatory, 30% discretionary, and then interest on debt &lt; 10%. Plus or minus some percentage points on those.
Maybe for 2018, [but we are in 2020](https://www.thebalance.com/u-s-federal-budget-breakdown-3305789).
&gt;We should totally base our public policy off a poem on a hundred year old statue. We should totally base our policy off a 243 year old piece of paper.
It's interesting I lost RCS on Messages (I was using the hack, but it's dead now), and still getting weird duplicates. It's been ok for the last couple of days but still random txts are delayed or show up in Messages first and then Hangouts later.
Barr should be debarred by the bar and put behind metal rods.
I heard it from people to describe rap...yes, they were trying to be subtly racist. This was the 80s. Haven't really heard it described that way since.
They also didn't agree on everything. The Constitution and the Bill of Rights were a bunch of compromises. When people say "What did the framers think?"...well, which one?
You don't need 1gbps for 4k or gaming. 40 Mbps is very sufficient for 4k, and gaming wouldn't need more than 10 Mbps on top of that. Unless you find an uncompressed 4k stream in which case you're going to need to be an ISP. 1gig is really overkill for most people unless you have multiple streams going at the same time; multiple being 20.
So you're not getting anecdotal info from people who say they get 100 days, here's what the data says [Paid vacations were available to 76 percent of private industry workers in March 2017. On average, workers received 10 paid vacation days after 1 year of service. The number of paid vacation days increases slightly as tenure with the current employer increases. After 5 years, workers received 15 paid days on average. They received an average of 17 days after 10 years and 20 days after 20 years.](https://www.bls.gov/opub/ted/2018/mobile/private-industry-workers-received-average-of-15-paid-vacation-days-after-5-years-of-service-in-2017.htm)
Ha, yeah, me as well.
Depending on where you are in the US, you might be taught about the Lost Cause of the Confederacy versus the actual truth. So yeah, the Lost Cause doesn't make much sense.
&gt;So ANTIFA calls themselves anti-fascist, but then does totally fascist shit and it’s okay? I've always loved this argument. Fascism needs a strong man at the top in order to function. Antifa doesn't even have local leadership from what I can tell. But I guess punching Nazis is totally fascist, for some reason.
Everyone knows the 2a folks aren't going to do anything. The only right they care about is owning guns.
Why aren't they defending the protestors right to protest? They were active with the covid protests. Just curious where they are now?
Interesting....I didn't see any of those questions being asked when they went to the Michigan capital. Or any of the lockdown protests. I do know that they showed up to protect the free speech of the Unite the Right rally folks.
The point that pro-2a folks make all the time is that the 2a is needed to prevent tyranny. And here we have protests against police brutality being beaten by the police and now the president is calling for military intervention against the protestors. Isn't this exactly what these folks have been saying they prevent? Where are they? Why do they only come out when the police aren't around?
Certainly not seeing the protectors of tyranny anywhere. Where are they? I was told they protect us. Why aren't they?
I went to a religiously affiliated college. We had to take a couple of classes on religion, with one of them having to be non-Christian. I took one on Asian religions that was taught by the pastor. In the class before mine, a student accused the pastor of being anti-Christian for teaching this class. He didn't get mad or anything. There was no repercussions other than her filing a complaint with the school about it, who also ignored it. Kind of funny.
We had Space Command which folded into Statcom. Stratcom was the coordinator across services. The coordination of war fighting still needs to be done, not sure what Space Force brings us that was ready happening.
They seem oddly missing from these protests. They were active just last month in Michigan and other places. The president is calling for military intervention. I've been told in this sub that that would be the crossing line to call the militia in. Just wondering where they are.
&gt; There is no 2a group that goes out to various protests. Who showed up in Charlottesville? Lansing? Frankfort? Richmond? In Charlottesville they came specifically to protest the free speech rights of the organizers. In Lansing they demanded an end to the lockdowns. In Frankfort and Richmond they were protesting against 2a laws. &gt;If you're asking why more aren't than you should probably go ask them. I'm asking why 2a groups don't care about these protestors rights when that's all they advocate for are rights. &gt;Alternatively you're more than welcome to pick up a rifle and walk with them yourself. Because I'm not the one marching around with my gun saying "this alone keeps us from tyranny". 2a folks make this argument....in this sub...all the time. So I want them to put their money where their mouth is. So I'm wondering...where are they? Why aren't they using their guns for the intended reason we have a 2a? Why aren't they marching with the protesters? They did in Charlottesville, they did in Lansing. Why not now?
Like I said....the only right 2a folks want to protect is the right to own a gun. It has nothing to do with preventing tyranny. At all. If 2a folks truly cared about freedom and preventing tyranny they would be down at each protest ensuring their right to assemble wasn't being violated. They would be protecting the protestors from the police. They would be in lock step. It's time to utilize that right that I keep hearing about. Otherwise the 2a folks are just being a bunch of Fudds.
Nah, just pointing out that when it comes down to it 2a folks are a bunch of Fudds. Otherwise they would be marching.
Hahaha did you just admit you're a far right extremist? Holy shit! And a Fudd. Impressive.
So which one are you? A "Boogaloo Bois" or an "accelerationists”? Because that's what the article is about.
I'd prefer no one get shot. But that's unfortunately not happening right now.
Neither article said boogies were racist, as a requirement. But that there were racist comments at times. Vice : "While some Boogaloo Bois say they’re just libertarians, others will, on occasion, veer into racism — and make no secret of their desire for violence." Referenced link : "Open source materials suggest that, for now, the apocalyptic, anti-government politics of the “Boogaloo Bois” are not monolithically racist/neo-Nazi. As we have observed, some members rail against police shootings of African Americans, and praise black nationalist self defense groups. But the materials also demonstrate that however irony-drenched it may appear to be, this is a movement actively preparing for armed confrontation with law enforcement, and anyone else who would restrict their expansive understanding of the right to bear arms. In a divided, destabilized post-coronavirus landscape, they could well contribute to widespread violence in the streets of American cities." &gt;The article's primary source appears to be 4chan, which I'm sure we can all agree isn't a bastion of civil discussion in any context. That doesn't mean that 4chan can't be a source and they even talk about the conflict between 4chan and Reddit "Some /k/ posters believe the Boogaloo meme was essentially co-opted by more mainstream chunks of the Internet: reddit, Twitter, Instagram and Facebook. Such accusations of “normie” cooptation or theft is common in message board culture." &gt;There are probably more people calling for the assassination of the president than boog bois calling for acceleration. The articles don't conflate the two groups, they call them out separately. &gt;The Weathermen during the civil rights era didn't completely discredit the entire anti-war and civil rights movement, I don't see why tiny fringe groups should be allowed to discredit this movement today. The articles were pretty clear that the boogie groups are not consistent, barely aligned, certainly not cohesive, and not racist as a platform, while only having in common themes of shit posting and Civil War.
Like I've already said, 2a folks only care about the right to own a gun, and not tyranny like they've been saying. They clearly don't care about the abuse caused by police.
Hate to be the one to tell you that by far most protestors aren't rioting or looting. And in many cases the rioting starts when the police start tear gassing the crowds. But..way to prove their points about protesting Race Realist.
It's a clear violation of a Army Regulation, unless the Army Deputy Chief of Staff authorized this use. I believe you were in the military, what happens when you follow an order that is in violation of regulation? Or what happens when you don't follow regulations in general? &gt;&gt; But, I'm sure he or she was "just following orders". &gt; &gt;That's a bit overdramatic. Dispersing crowds is orders of magnitudes away from murdering innocents. Using medical equipment on civilians in non-humanitarian missions doesn't seem within regulations. And I've been told in this sub that the military would never act against citizens by following an illegal order. So in this case, either deputy secretary of the Army authorized this use, or it was an illegal order. "Army air ambulance aircraft are dedicated evacuation platforms in support of aeromedical missions described in AR 40–3. All requests to utilize air ambulance aircraft for missions other than in support of the aeromedical or humanitarian relief missions defined in this paragraph will be forwarded through ACOM, ASCC, DRU, or ARNG to the Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/7 (DAMO–AV), 400 Army Pentagon, Washington, DC 20310–0400 for approval." "c. Army air ambulance companies are medical units (special requirements code 08 versus 01 aviation) designed to transport patients and medical department personnel. Army air ambulance use is restricted to— (1) Transporting sick, wounded, or injured persons who are eligible, by law or regulations, to receive medical care. (2) Transporting medical department personnel. (3) Transporting supplies and equipment used in the care and treatment of the sick, wounded, or injured. (4) Instructing personnel required to use air ambulances. (5) Operating solely as dedicated evacuation platforms in support of the fundamental mission set and corresponding training requirements as described in Army Training and Evaluation Program (ARTEP) 1–118–MTP, FM 4–02.2, FM 4–02.10, and the appropriate aircrew training manual or training circulars. (6) Operating according to AR 95–1. (7) Operating in support of humanitarian assistance missions."
I guess it depends on slippery slope arguments. Is using a medical helicopter the worst violation of human rights? A civilian isn't going to know (in most cases) that these helicopters aren't to be used that way and that it might also be a violation of Geneva Conventions. Someone on the military is probably going to know the first part. If this in fact a violation of Army regulations, and the pilot new it and acted anyway, and they go unpunished...then we have a "well, what else can I (or we) get away with" situation, potentially. Illegal acts don't always have to start at murder. Abu Ghraib, as an example. Per wiki: "A November 2004 report by Brigadier General Richard Formica found that many troops at the Abu Ghraib prison had been following orders based on a memorandum from Sanchez, and that the abuse had not been carried out by isolated "criminal" elements. ACLU lawyer Amrit Singh said in a statement from the union that "General Sanchez authorized interrogation techniques that were in clear violation of the Geneva Conventions and the army's own standards."
Hey man do you have the.... *rubber duck* Yeah, uh, the we..weeeeelly cool *rubber duck* is stashed at Ton...orontoooohhh my god. Prank call! Prank call!
I've already had this conversation with the 2a crowd. They don't give a shit. Fighting "tyranny" is their excuse as to why the need a gun. When it comes to actually defending the right to assemble, they won't do shit. Unless it's to protect the Unite the Right rallys or to protest a virus. But actual people on the wrong end of the stick of tyranny? Nah, the government isn't coming for guns so they don't care.
I'd say the ones that have been saying that BLM protestors were causing more harm than good are an example of people being ok with tyranny... [I wish people could have worked towards ending police brutality in a way that brought people together, instead of creating it as a wedge issue to drive people apart. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/8ps7xi/is_blm_black_lives_matter_still_going_what_is) [I think it is a defunct group. Just like Occupy or the anti-Bush groups. They tend to be summertime students with time on their hands affairs or related to a specific incident or two and fizzle out. So I think BLM is pretty much a non-issue anymore.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/8ps7xi/is_blm_black_lives_matter_still_going_what_is/e0dmbx7) And no, I didn't hunt down your comment...I literally googled "askanamerican BLM" [Divisive. They aren't doing or saying anything that will change the minds of racists. But, they do make people angry as a tactic which creates more racial tension than there was before they got involved. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/6zit9e/do_you_believe_blm_to_be_helpful_or_more_divisive)
&gt;Don't group all 2a supporters into one crowd pls. Contradicts this &gt;You are right this exactly why the 2a exists and I have no idea why people aren't arming themselves to protest at this point since its clear the cops have no problem beating unarmed civilians. The militias showed up to Charlottesville to protect the Unite the Rights freedom to assemble. Why aren't they at these protests? Until 2nd Amendment supporters actually do what they've been saying what they will do, then they're getting lumped together.
I'm sure black people don't really appreciate being beaten/killed by cops, experiencing institutional racism, and then being told they shouldn't protest (see Kaepernick, BLM, etc etc etc) and then having white people downplay their experience because they don't want to believe it's real. Because that is fascism. We might not have a dictator...but the rest is all there. What was Kaepernick accused of again?
[Plenty do](https://www.youthrights.org/issues/curfew/curfew-laws/#info)
You know, we've had talks about communism before where you're said the precise definition of Communism didn't matter in regards to Communism actually stating / defining a complete crushing of opposing views if thats how it ends up anyway. So if that works for communism, why not fascism? Fascism has extreme nationalism, again, look at the criticism of Kaepernick, he dared to kneel during the national anthem. You have one side that can't even admit there might be issues in this country, and calls the other side anti-American. Suppression of opposition, look at how BLM is constantly treated. Or communist if you want. Regardless of how you feel about communism, McCarthy was alive and well during his hunt. Regimentation of society....again...which protests get put down and which don't? The virus protestors were allowed to protest, the KKK is allowed to protest, white supremacists are allowed to protest...black people? Well, they are instructed on how they get to protest. If not...get out the flash bangs, and tear gas. So we are lacking a dictator...but we have a police force that is not accountable in many ways. We have a society that doesn't want to allow the full integration of certain people unless they fall in line. So I get it, we don't have a dictator for life, but we certainly allow fascist elements to exist and are totally fine with it because it doesn't affect us...
Well...where are the 2a folks, then? We've all been waiting for them to save us.
They seemed to be ok marching in protests. They even went to the capitol buildings in several states. I guess they didn't mean it when they said the 2a is a protection against tyranny.
Not going to check them all...but Oregon does at least.
No one is waiting for you idiots. But I do enjoy pointing out how you clowns aren't actually against tyranny. But, go get another chest plate Rambo.
&gt;I’m all for standing against tyranny I'm sure you're too stupid to understand the boiling frog fable. But, good luck with your brown shirt fitting.
&gt;Hawaiian shirt actually and it’s perfect. And &gt;I’m hoping the police fuck them up good! So you're full of shit.
Why are so many black Americans protesting right now?
"Help, help, I'm being repressed!"
So why do you feel the current protestors are actively protesting?
Ok, so they are emotionally charged and wanting to be part of something. Why do you feel that they are emotional about this? And why largely only black Americans? There are certainly a lot of non-black youth in America. Why are we not seeing this level of protest from them?
&gt;That's why my mom got an abortion when I was two. Talk about late term.
So, if I were to boil this down a bit, are you saying that the generations of slavery and racism early on in America and probably up until at least the Civil Rights era has created a shared distrust of white people within the black community, and that at this point those chains, so to speak, have been removed and the only remaining obstacle is the black community itself? That the wounds at this point are largely self inflicted?
&gt;but he was also a corporate Democrat who ran on "Change" but changed little enough that many 2008 Obama voters voted for Trump in 2016 [Findings indicate that a nontrivial number of White voters switched their votes in the 2016 election to Trump or Clinton, that this vote switching was more associated with racial and immigration attitudes than economic factors, and that the phenomenon occurred among both working-class and nonworking-class Whites, though many more working-class Whites switched than did nonworking-class Whites.](https://academic.oup.com/poq/article-abstract/83/1/91/5494625?redirectedFrom=fulltext)
&gt;“Crowded protests and riots are great and totally acceptable because FEELINGS!” Which protests are you talking about? The ones protesting the virus claiming it was all lies? Or the current ones?
&gt;I can easily see how that looks like tyranny to some folks. Did you let them know that it wasn't tyranny after all? That it doesn't fit the description? Such as fascism and such? I hope this was an equal opportunity lesson you applied to them.
Who is saying they don't pose a danger? The police weren't exactly breaking up the virus protestors. They sent a pair of cops to watch.
We are at 110k people dead. It's not exactly nothing to worry about. [Also above the lower range that the White House](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2020/03/31/coronavirus-latest-news/) predicted in March meaning we will probably hit that upper range. The worst case model had 2 million dead in the US. The model that white house uses was originally 240k, then downgraded to 64k. We are well within the model ranges. So yeah, it really is as bad as it was predicted.
True, the Boogie Bois avoided those protests for some reason. But, more importantly one group is protesting for justice never had, while another is protesting a pandemic response. 3 months of hardship vs a generational hardship.
They're the right wing 2a "group" that hates cops and has been stirring up trouble at some of these events. They dress in their Hawaiian shirts and are waiting for their Boogaloo. Most of it seems like internet shit posting that some take too far. Mostly a meme. But several just got arrested in Vegas I believe. &gt;more likely to ensure another generation of hardship than they are to prevent one. At least you're admitting racism is at play. I personally don't find the looting to be helpful, especially when it hits a small business. The worst I've read about was a guy who's home got hit. House wasn't burned but literally took the house apart.
Cheney, actually. I hate living behind this mask.
Costco 2% organic...but I don't drink it. My daughter and wife do, and I use it for cereal or cooking. My son doesn't like it at all.
If it came down to Tulsi or Trump I would vote 3rd party. That would be the breaking point for me.
How do they know they're pedophiles? Is there a sign that says "Women and Pedophiles Only"?
What we have is a train that goes barely faster than a car on the freeway. I wouldn't want to take a train cross country (scratch that, I very much would if I had several weeks off and wanted to just watch the country side go by). I would love to take a high speed train up and down the West Coast and within region (San Diego to Las Vegas? Absolutely). I've taken Amtrak from San Diego to LA for work many times, but, it's slow. I've taken the high speed train from Madrid to Barcelona, which is about 400 miles and that train was 2.5 hours. If I could take a train from San Diego to San Francisco in 3 hours, versus a 1.5 hour flight and all that hassle, or an 8 hour drive, I would very much like the train.
It's still being built, as we speak.
And that rational doesn't work for a high speed train....because???
It's still being built; it's under construction. There are crews working, probably as we speak.
Maybe try to actually understand what's happening...it's still happening. I'm sorry that the news you think you read didn't tell you the whole story. [The governor's office confirms he is fully committed to building a high-speed rail line between San Francisco and Los Angeles.](https://abc7news.com/politics/gavin-newsoms-office-says-hes-fully-committed-to-high-speed-rail-between-sf-la/5135534/)
I have the black version. It's not looking so hot on the outside. Dirty and what not. I just replaced the burner tubes and flavor bars last month; hopefully I get another 9 years out of it. I actually want a bigger grill, but this one keeps working. I replaced the burner tubes just to squeeze some more life out of it temporarily, but now it works so well I can't really justify it.
You said it was cancelled...so I'll take his words (as governor) over someone where California lives rent free in their head. Just admit you were wrong...you won't, I know. Your *predictions* don't really mean anything. It doesn't prove your point. So what you're saying is that instead of buying new carriers we could have more high-speed rail. Good. The Ford class carriers aren't expected to be completed for 20 years anyway. Your math is definitely fuzzy. The Big Dig took, what? 15 years? And definitely smaller area. There's at least 5 tunnels California rail will need to dig. The silver line in your part of the world, is 23 miles at a cost of 6 billion. So 260m per mile? Wow. Compared to California at 90m per mile. So yeah...your math is bad.
If anyone is saying rebel and also saying that that the current rioting and looting is a problem really needs to go back and see what the Son's of Liberty and other patriots were up to prior to the Declaration of Independence. The current rioting and looting has nothing on those guys. We haven't even gotten to the tar and feather step of protesting.
They did...the looted several loyalists homes, the famous ones are: [Andrew Oliver](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Oliver) [Soon mob rule was the order of the day, and the effigy was stomped-on, beheaded, and ultimately burned in a fit of anger. The crowd, with the Sons of Liberty leading the way, marched on the home of Andrew Oliver. The fence around Oliver’s home was torn down, windows were smashed, furnishings destroyed, and the home looted – most notably Oliver’s personal wine cellar. The ironic truth of the matter was Andrew Oliver](https://www.bostonteapartyship.com/sons-of-liberty) [Thomas Hutchinson as lieutenant governor made him a focal point of anger against the British monarchy in Boston. Although he opposed the Stamp Act, one of the worst mobs in the city’s history while protesting the legislation broke in and ransacked his home in 1765. Many of the home’s furnishings were stolen or destroyed. The damage is estimated to be nearly $400,000 in modern-day valuation.](https://www.bostonteapartyship.com/thomas-hutchinson-facts) [Benjamin Hallowell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Hallowell_Carew) [Whiting seized his pistols and would have shot some of them, but they caught him, took away his small guns, held him by his arms and legs up from the floor, his face down, two men on each side, and with their rods beat him to their hearts’ content. They crossed out the account against them of all logs cut, drawn and forfeited, on his bare back….They made him wish he had never heard of pine trees fit for masting the royal navy](https://allthingsliberty.com/2013/02/the-pine-tree-riot/) [John Malcolm was tarred a d feathered](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Malcolm_(Loyalist\)) [The Boston Massacre](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Massacre) was a violent and rioting mob
Patriots took down King George statues during the lead up to the Revolution, during a riot.
What are ya, high?
I'm not the one saying I'm preventing tyranny. We've all had to listen to the whining and crying about guns being taken away. And here is a perfect opportunity to show us what you're made of. So are you a Fudd or not?
I'm not.
[We've had this problem before](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donner_Party)
So allowing the rights of others to be stepped on because it doesn't affect you personally....doesn't make you a Fudd? Hmmm...maybe just explore that on your own a bit. I'm sure history is full of examples of tyranny just stopping at step 1.
Maybe protest along with the protesters, like they did in Charlottesville? They really seemed interested in that protest.
Black Panthers...they're the reason gun control came to California since suddenly Republicans didn't like open carry anymore. So yeah, the Panthers didn't shoot anyone. When can we expect all the "shall not be infringed" folks?
I'm sure there are better looks than the Nazi look
Armed protestors are few and far between. And incidents of police violence are increasing. &gt; the start of reforms of the criminal justice system in action around the country as result of these. I think 2 locations. I wouldn't call that success. &gt;Also the Pennsylvania lightfoot isn't right wing, not sure where you got that from Who the they? I didn't bring them up. But, that doesn't help your point. Although I still have no clue why you brought them up. So left wing 2a folks are out. Still leaving the majority of right wing 2a fellas sitting at home. &gt;notice the areas they weren't guarding were the ones with the violence? Good, now where are they everywhere else?
I'm pointing out the hypocrisy with 2nd amendment supporters. For years you guys have been complaining loudly about how you are the protectors of our country from tyranny. And here we are with nationwide protests and a very heavy handed response from police and military. And where are all the 2nd amendment folks now? Sure, you can point to a few examples, they're small enough that they make the news. Yet there are magnitudes more events of protesters receiving brutal responses from police. Military helicopters being used on protestors in DC. Etc etc etc. And where are you guys? The other guy in this thread is saying "Fuck it, I don't care, it's not my fight. I was called a mean name once." So I'm saying: either put your money where your mouth is and start marching with the protesters in volume. Or shut up about tyranny. Because if you're not out there with them, then it just proves our point: you don't care about the other rights, as along as you get your gun. It has nothing to do with tyranny and more about your gun. Again, tyranny is here. Where are you?
Lol...there's been like 4 of you. And the police are getting more aggressive. Not sure how you take that as a win for you. But good luck the next time legislation comes up and you can point to the half a dozen tyranny defence force who are getting advanced warning of police activity to make sure you're not arrested. We know who's side you're on. Certainly not the citizens.
You keep mentioning left/right as if I've brought that up. The only time I've mentioned it was "Unite the Right" (because that was the name of their group) in which you guys gladly came to protect the free speech rights of those guys. And you're the one who keeps bringing up violence. Now, why do you want the "Unite the Right" marchers to have protected free speech and not the current marchers? What do you want police violence against them?
Yes, you guys. 2a Supporters. Is this some hard concept for you? Its literally the most generalized of generalizations. There is no "left v right". But its ok... I understand....you don't actually care about free speech. Or tyranny. You care about your gun. Just be honest about it. You're too scared to actually act, you just want to have the appearance that you're doing something by having your gun, and I'm sure all sorts of tactical accessories so you can look tough at the range. But...when you actually had to step up and be the "protectors" of this country like you guys are always stating you are....you suddenly disappear. We all see it. That's why we always say you guys are compensating for something....because no matter how many pistol grips you buy it doesn't remove the cowardice. We called it. You proved it. Just own it.
Like I said....there are so few 2a guys at these protests that they are statistically zero. There are protests in every major city in the US. But I do love the video of the cops informing the gun toters to move on because they're going to start arresting people and using tear gas. That's a lovely video for your cause. Why aren't you out there protecting the first amendment for these guys? Why do you like violence against citizens? Good questions you have yet to answer. Why do you support tyranny?
And in this episode of irony we have: &gt;you seem to want to phrase this argument towards some one on the right wing or a racist Classic. Wasn't it you just complaining about left v right? If you're reading some racial aspects into this then maybe you need to do some soul searching. I never said anyone was racist. But maybe something is hitting a nerve? Maybe explore that a bit. &gt;Stop low key calling for violence it's pitiful really. I'm not the one who armed himself to prevent violence and then not actually doing anything to prevent violence. I've already said I would prefer non-violence. You are on the side that has tantrums when guns get restricted because of freedom or something. And then curiously won't use said weapon when there is evidence of tyranny. &gt;Since you seem to be afraid to arm yourself why do you feel the privilege to outsource your safety to others? Ah...so...there it is. So all this tantruming and marching for gun rights, for 2a rights, was all for show. You guys didn't mean any of it. Cool...
Ten bucks says he thinks AntiFa are terrorists.
&gt;“If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone, I would also do that...." This makes Lincoln seem wishy washy, but the next lines which are always left off clear that up "What I do about slavery, and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save the Union; and what I forbear, I forbear because I do not believe it would help to save the Union." And then closing with "I have here stated my purpose according to my view of official duty; and I intend no modification of my oft-expressed personal wish that all men every where could be free." While the South was on the verge of seceding before Lincoln's election, his actual election was the final straw. It was clear that his fellow countrymen saw him as a threat to slavery.
I think you mean: too damn low.
&gt;Yes. Most countries are hemogenous, but with America being a melting pot Homogeneous and melting pot are the same thing.
I'm more upset that a tablespoon of sugar is called a "pinch".
Putting lipstick on a pig
So he didn't lie?
Are we talking the current definition of infringe or the one at the time of the writing of the Bill of Rights? Because the definition of the time didn't [mean encroach.](http://webstersdictionary1828.com/Dictionary/Infringe)
Shall not...violate the right to own a gun Shall not...limit my ability to own a gun There is a difference.
&gt; If someone attempts to alter that, they are, in my opinion, attempting to commit treason against the American people Maybe tone it down a bit Patrick Henry
[Don't forget the facial recognition program](https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-51237665).
I saw the thread last night and spent way too much time reading selfawarewolves agreeing with each other. Cops: "We're the real victims here!"
Don't worry about our local time traveler. He's relatively harmless, just don't take the suit off or you'll release the murder hornets. We definitely don't want those.
If you happen to look at the upper left hand corner of the video and then perhaps see a name and then maybe Google that name you will see that she owns a clothing line of sorts. I think her motives are probably more related taking down competition. Maybe I'm wrong. Probably am.
Yeah, she's definitely the Conservative-Christian-Hypocrite Karen sub type.
I have Scripps my kids have Sharp. My appendix blew a couple years back and the Scripps hospitals sucked. I had to go to a Sharp ER and it was more pleasant. But, honestly, just don't go to Mercy. Both are fine from a service point of view. Go with the closest system to you: Scripps for coastal, and Sharp if you're further inland. I would move to Sharp now that I'm in the burbs, but I really like my Dr.
The original joke was about Australia, not the US. I think it was "If you leave a cup of yogurt in the sun for 200 years it would develope a culture" which makes sense for Australia. Not so much the US.
Grant was given the slave, and he freed that same slave And the next sentence which you forgot to include from his letter is "I try to judge fairly and honestly, and it became patent in my mind early in the rebellion that the North and South could never live at peace with each other except as one nation, and that without slavery. As anxious as I am to see peace established, I would not therefore be willing to see any settlement until the question is forever settled.”
The original patriots literally looted the houses and businesses of loyalists and tore down statues of King George. Our country was founded from rioting and looting. There is nothing more American than the angry mob.
&gt; because they had come to blame slave holders for causing the war in the first place and since they won they wrote that history that is still being peddled to this day and in this very conversation Oh, so what was the cause of the war?
And enters the Strawman...
Control over what?
So BLM protestors don't have cause?
I'm not even sure what you're trying to say. BLM and Marxists? Tradition? You think BLM protestors are Marxists revolting against tradition?
Ok....what about the rest of the people in the protest? Because it's certainly not the majority that are "breaking shit just to break it". Not staying those people don't exist, they do. But it's not the majority by any means.
Only to people looking for Marxists. I can guarantee you that a significant majority of the protestors (especially black protestors) are not Marxists, or even that far Left.
So...equality is not a concern for you? Is this your point? That equality is Marxist?
Correct, destruction of a state to implement a single class. Also known as equality. And you're right, that Marx's theory was a result of Capitalisms affect in England... during the Gilded Age. Lenin did not overthrow Capitalism. Mao did not overthrow Capitalism. Kim did not overthrow Capitalism. Castro did not overthrow Capitalism.
Yeah, I don't understand the fandom around politicians. Or to be honest, anyone. I'd rather go watch a movie and catch the highlights never.
[C'mon now](http://imgur.com/a/UPdkjcM).
[It's all right here](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.fs.fed.us/pnw/pubs/pnw_gtr913.pdf&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjMiIvz2ZTqAhVUHDQIHe9-A00QFjAMegQIBRAC&amp;usg=AOvVaw1nnUqq_pHNRgw1wJANoMsC). PDF warning.
Full blow restaurant with a fireplace in the middle. I remember it being dimly lit. My memory is more from the 80s vs 90s, though. Pizza places had a certain look back then.
I don't know why, but we never watched Disney shows growing up. My parents were not into Disney at all. We did watch Mary Poppins, though. My Dad loved that movie. But it came out when he was in his 20s. So, those old Disney movies were available, but my parents were not into them (with the exception above). But, honestly, we didn't watch a lot of movies like that. My first memory of a movie was seeing Return of the Jedi in the theaters and Temple of Doom. My wife's family still watches old Disney movies together.
"2020 had us in the first half, not gonna lie"
I had this happen to me at the beach once. I just waited in my car 3/4 of the way in the spot. The lady kept screaming at me to move as she got there first. I informed her I had AC while she was standing on the hot asphalt, so we could wait here all day. She got the point pretty quickly and moved on.
&gt;This has been frustrating me with the whole abolish the police movement. Do people think that social workers have magic fairy dust? Sometimes a person who is high or having a mental break from reality cannot be reasoned with. There needs to be a compromise. Put more money in a different system so that not all cases get handled by the police except if thing escalate Defund the police is exactly what this means. Stop having police be the first contact for all things.
Great, per the article: "Peel police have been responding to a rising number of calls for assistance during mental-health crises. In 2019, officers responded to 6,360 such calls, compared with 5,090 in 2016, a 25-per-cent increase. As of May this year, the region has responded to 2,309 mental-health calls, according to data provided by police on June 15."
What a monster.
If infinity equals negative 1/12, then Trump is rated 1/12? I'm pretty Trump is n/0.
Forgot about this one. [Motorcyclist was finally caught](https://signalscv.com/2018/08/car-kicking-biker-pleads-no-contest/).
The 75 year old was driving the truck that rolled. He was 100% a victim. The Nissan driver didn't get in any trouble from what I've seen. Apparently the guy on the bike was 100% at fault for a) kicking the car and then b) fleeing the scene. If he had stopped it might have been a different story. But you can't just go around kicking vehicles no matter how much the other person made you angry.
Expected a face tattoo, to be honest
Someone would have to prove that the swerve was malicious instead of a reaction to the car getting hit. Unfortunately, I haven't seen any news report stating anything happened to that driver.
[Lots of companies get that free money](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/12/16/these-91-fortune-500-companies-didnt-pay-federal-taxes-in-2018.html). I always find it odd we can find ways to give tax breaks or subsidies to large corporations but giving money to the people becomes an unaffordable burden.
I was responding to the "free money" remark, not UBI. But UBI would replace welfare spending in a good portion of situations. So the current entitlement spending would be reduced to be picked up by UBI. And I'm not sure of Yangs plan, since I haven't looked into it, but some UBI plans have limits on who would qualify if it was distributed regardless of job, and some plans only kick in when you're unemployed. But, there would have to be taxes raised.
Explains why Trump had his
More that Trump is a small dog....
AntiFa only show up to the alt right rallys.
"The Associated Press analyzed court records, employment histories, social media posts and other sources of information for 217 people arrested last weekend in Minneapolis and the District of Columbia, two cities at the epicenter of the protests across the United States. Rather than outside agitators, more than 85% of those arrested by police were local residents. Of those charged with such offenses as curfew violations, rioting and failure to obey law enforcement, only a handful appeared to have any affiliation with organized groups." [You're free to argue with the facts](https://time.com/5849592/antifa-far-right-violent-trump-protesters/)
[False](https://time.com/5849592/antifa-far-right-violent-trump-protesters/)
My premise? That AntiFa isn't some thraet like you said? It's all right there. It isn't a threat. "NPR has reviewed court documents of 51 individuals facing federal charges in connection with the unrest. As of Tuesday morning, none is alleged to have links to the antifa movement. Of the cases brought so far, 20 involve allegations related to arson; 16 involve the illegal possession of a firearm, more often than not by a felon; another eight people face charges related to inciting a riot or civil disorder." [Better?](https://www.npr.org/2020/06/09/873278314/no-sign-of-antifa-so-far-in-justice-department-cases-brought-over-unrest)
What makes you believe that antifa is a threat?
I would love to think that I'm changing mindsets...one fact at a time. One can hope anyway.
Did you just "both sides" slavery? Be a better person.
A statue of a Union soldier putting a bayonet through a traitorous Reb would be cool. It can be next to the statue of McVeigh being executed. Maybe Jefferson Davis in his dress. And Benedict Arnold crying into his tea.
I've known a couple Dick's (Richards, actually) and one Gay. No Gaylord's. The ghost of my 13 year old self is cracking up.
Pro-2a folks made it very clear that they don't actually care about government tyranny with their complete lack of response with the latest protests. They're glad to march on capitols to protest a virus and having to wear a mask but not civil rights. So fuck it, you had your chance, but the collective stayed home. You'll get no support from me.
&gt;* no 2a folks protested recently? Few. And and far between. &gt;* All 2a folks marched on capitols to protest masks? No. I didn't say all.
How long have these protests been going on?
Ok, thanks. This is a start: &gt;3 members of anti-government group ANTIFA arrested after looting a Target in Austin Ok...looting isn't good by any means. &gt;Have you heard about Yvette Felarca? I have, but this seems like an odd one to use as evidence of AntiFa being a threat to society or being worse than alt-right. Especially since she was protesting at a alt-right lead by white supremacist. The main group was The Traditionalist Workers Party. You might not be aware of them, but they're associated with The Aryan Nationalist Alliance and Nationalist Front. Essentially full blown White Supremacists. So who was Yvette fighting against? Let's list their leaked messages and actions: * Praised Dylann Roof * Praised James Alex Fields (Charlottesville driver, murderer) * Paised Jacob Scott Goodwin (beat DeAndre Harris same rally). * Conflict when it was discovered that one of it's members had a non-white spouse * Tied To Atomwaffen Division, a violent neo-Nazi terrorist network linked to 5 murders * Discussed their assault on an interracial couple in Shelbyville, Tennessee after the White Lives Matter rally. In that situation [a white woman and a black man were eating in a restaurant when a group of around 20 to 30 men, dressed in black, sat at the next table and began to harass them.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/white-lives-matter-neo-nazi-assault-interracial-couple-brentwood-tennessee-a8027151.html). This was after the White Lives Matter rally. [Discord chats here](https://unicornriot.ninja/2018/leaked-a-year-inside-the-failed-neo-nazi-traditionalist-worker-party/) &gt;* Have you heard about Eric Clanton, the "Bike Lock Bandit" At the same rally and others around California [The leader and three members of a California-based white supremacist group have been charged with attacking counter-protesters, journalists and a police officer at political rallies throughout the state in 2017, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles said Wednesday.](https://web.archive.org/web/20190327232018/https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2018/10/24/robert-rundo-rise-above-movement-charlottesville-huntington-beach-berkeley/1755798002/). Same group [Four people have been charged with violating anti-riot laws in connection with the deadly "Unite the Right" rally that rocked Charlottesville, Virginia, last year, federal prosecutors announced Tuesday. All four, who live in California, are part of the "Rise Above Movement," a white supremacist group, prosecutors said](https://web.archive.org/web/20190327211034/https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/10/02/charlottesville-white-nationalist-rally-2017-new-arrests-made/1498725002/) &gt;* How about professor David Campbell? I did. &gt;* How about ANTIFA assaulting Marines in Philadelphia Nope. Story makes it seem that they were targeted for being marines. They weren't, definitely wrong place at the wrong time. &gt;* How about ANTIFA assaulting this elderly driver in Portland The elderly man who drove through the protest not too long after Charlottesville? Not defending them, but, he did drive through a protest. Didn't deserve it, sure. Looking at your reasoning, it seems odd to me that you aren't having equal issue with the alt-right. The first one you posted, sure, they were rioting and caught and face legal issue. The second one? She was protesting white supremacists. Who weren't exactly good people. And then that same group attacked an inter-racial couple. Who also praised Dylan Roof. So she attacked shitty people. I don't feel bad about Nazis getting hit. The 3rd, one? Sure, he's a violent idiot. Yet, at the same rallies more alt-right members have been charged with violence. The 4th? That's an odd one. The police created a false report and then had to withdraw it because it was on video and then charged him with gang violence instead. Interesting. The 5th. Yeah, crappy. The 6th. Yeah, crappy. But, again, you proved my point: AntiFa only protest against alt-right. In all those situations except for the first it was to act as counter protestors against the alt right. Are they violent? Sure. But against who? The alt right. The alt right, which I linked to above is more violent since they're directing their hate and anger and violence outside of protests. And they have a body count. AntiFa shows up to fight those people. In all except for the first it was counter protests against the alt-right.
&gt;No one's stopping anyone from going gunless, or to broadcast that fact to a world where bullies never pick on weak. Correct. The legally armed are being the bullies. Let's just make that clear. 250k-350k guns are stolen per year by so called responsible gun owners. 1 million guns flood the illegal gun market every 4 years. This then justifies gun owners to buy more and more. And then when some maniac goes off the deep end we are all supposed to just accept the answer of "this is just the price of freedom" when a school is shot up. Or we get lectured on teachers needing guns. Or some other absurd solution to a problem that only exists in the USA within the 1st world. &gt;Just don't force the rest of us to go along with naive and misguided worldviews. This is perhaps irony. &gt;(And I won't push back too hard on the hypocrisy of "man-shaming" by those who whine about "slut-shaming" all the time.) You are literally doing that above. &gt;bullies never pick on weak. It's funny that you call people weak for not owning a gun and then get bent on 'man shaming', which you then do. This is classic projection. It's fine, you need a gun to feel secure. The sad part is, it will most likely be the opposite. Tools used to justify your own security always end up being the source of your own demise. I would suggest trying to find the source of your fear versus using a crutch to try and prop yourself up.
&gt;You're making excuses &amp; downplaying nearly every example of ANTIFA violence because it's supposedly connected to "protest." I'll just start with this, because you are very much down playing the alt-right and who they really are: [White supremacists have committed at least 73 murders since Charlottesville, 39 of which were clearly motivated by hateful, racist ideology.](https://www.adl.org/blog/two-years-ago-they-marched-in-charlottesville-where-are-they-now) If you want to take it from 2017 and earlier [there have been at least 13 alt-right related fatal episodes, leaving 43 dead and more than 60 injured. Nine of the 12 incidents counted here occurred in 2017 alone, making last year the most violent year for the movement.](https://www.splcenter.org/20180205/alt-right-killing-people) [White supremacists were behind rumors that a protest over the killing of George Floyd would turn violent, according to the Traverse City Police Chief.](https://www.interlochenpublicradio.org/post/traverse-city-police-chief-white-supremacists-behind-violent-threats-online-last-week) "But O’Brien said his department investigated over 200 tips leading up to it. Working with the F.B.I., he says they eventually found hundreds of social media posts from white supremacists that were posing as members of ANTIFA, a left-wing, anti-fascist political movement." [As protests continue across the country over the police killing of George Floyd, white nationalist groups have been using the unrest to their advantage. This isn’t a new tactic. The Charlottesville protests in 2017 included Neo-Nazis, Klansman, and protesters from other alt-right groups. ](https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/press-play-with-madeleine-brand/la-attorney-resists-the-call-to-reopen-courts-amid-covid-19/white-supremacy-protests) This is who AntiFa is fighting. These people. They use violence against a very violent group who has killed 73 people since Charlottesville. How many has AntiFa killed? I think 1 person, certainly not the 39 of the alt-rights lower bound, and really not the 73. &gt; I could go through each one of your disputes of each one of my examples and counter-dispute, but it's not worth it (nor is it worth it to add others). Then do it. But I did it for you. The protests that you listed were all, with the exception of the looters, alt-right protests. Every single one. &gt;My whole premise is "There's far more ANTIFA incidents/activity than there is alt-right activity" 73 murders vs rioting at alt-right protests. Which is worse? &gt;and you're making a narrow distinction of what they "protest against" while ignoring the totality of what they do during protests. No, as I've linked previously the looting is by different people who take advantage of the chaos to loot. The rioters and looters are two different groups. This is backed by police investigations. &gt;All of my examples were of ANTIFA going *past* protesting, but you're pooh-poohing them, as if the violence doesn't count because an overall event is "protesting." No, you're conflating two separate things: rioting and looting. And then linking the events being caused by the same people. It's not. &gt;Also, all of my examples were of ANTIFA committing violence against people who were not being violent, whether they were "alt-right" or merely present. This is absolutely false. The alt-right is very violent; 73 murders. But what I don't understand is why that violence doesn't upset you. Again, 73 murders. I will make this clear and I've said it in this sub: as long as AntiFa is fighting alt-right I don't care. The alt right are white supremacists and murderers and they need to shown they're not welcome. Why do you care they they're getting punched? &gt;You trying to play off the old guy driving through protestors as the same as the murder of Heather Heyer is absurd -- it's not equivalent at all. I didn't say it was the same. I said it was right after Charlottesville and tensions were already high after that event for similar situations. And that driving through a protest is not a good idea. You've painted it as he was targeted when it was more like friendly fire and being at the wrong place at the wrong time. In other words he literally drove into a riot. Even the police who were there did nothing to stop it because tensions were running too high and they thought getting involved would make it much worse. &gt; conveniently failing to note that it wasn't the protest that damaged the stores -- it was rioting and looting. And you're linking antifa to the looting. And rioting takes two to tango. If AntiFa is responsible for rioting then so is the alt-right. The looters, as I've already shown you has been proven to be local folks taking advantage of the chaos to loot local stores. Just because looting happens doesn't make it AntiFa. The rioters are certainly AntiFa. The only examples of looting have been the 3 people at a BLM protest. 3. All the other police investigations have shown otherwise. &gt;Committing "errors of omission" like this is lying. No, it's not lying. I didn't 'omit' anything. You simply believe that everyone who shows up at a protest and steals and breaks things must be AntiFa. &gt;BTW, guess how I know to cite this story? I'm a devoted NPR listener -- does that surprise you? Why would that surprise me? &gt;If ANTIFA just did counter-protesting, that'd be a positive thing -- but they don't. There's nearly *always* violence or the threat of violence. Against who? The alt-right. They're fighting the alt-right; the people behind 73 murders. I honestly do not understand how you keep downplaying the alt-right as being some insignificant threat when the violence and death is literally following them all around the country. If AntiFa was literally just walking through neighborhoods burning shit down or beating up everyone in their path I would agree with you. But they show up to alt right rallies and fight them.You're right: there are instances of the wrong people getting in the cross fire: the old man, the marines, more I'm sure. AntiFa, though, isnt active of there isn't a protest. The same cannot be said the the alt-right.
Northern California has seasons. You want snow and cold, it's up there. I moved to San Diego to avoid seasons. We have almost summer and summer. I actually dislike summer here. Mid-July to Mid-Sept can suck it.
Your understanding is wrong.
[Try the Olympic Rain Shadow](http://www.olympicrainshadow.com/). Ironically close to Forks, which is in an actual rain forest.
I'm still working on cutting a board square.
I think he fits in quite well with the modern Republican party. Also, kind of ironic that as much as Republicans love to complain about Hollywood elites their hero came from Hollywood and I'm sure they'll be very vocal about any name change for the airport. "PLAYBOY: For years American Indians have played an important — if subordinate — role in your Westerns. Do you feel any empathy with them? WAYNE: I don’t feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them, if that’s what you’re asking. Our so-called stealing of this country from them was just a matter of survival. There were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves. PLAYBOY: Weren’t the Indians — by virtue of prior possession — the rightful owners of the land? WAYNE: Look, I’m sure there have been inequalities. If those inequalities are presently affecting any of the Indians now alive, they have a right to a court hearing. But what happened 100 years ago in our country can’t be blamed on us today. PLAYBOY: Indians today are still being dehumanized on reservations. WAYNE: I’m quite sure that the concept of a government-run reservation would have an ill effect on anyone. But that seems to be what the socialists are working for now — to have everyone cared for from cradle to grave. PLAYBOY: Indians on reservations are more neglected than cared for. Even if you accept the principle of expropriation, don’t you think a more humane solution to the Indian problem could have been devised? WAYNE: This may come as a surprise to you, but I wasn’t alive when reservations were created — even if I do look that old. I have no idea what the best method of dealing with the Indians in the 1800s would have been. Our forefathers evidently thought they were doing the right thing. PLAYBOY: How do you feel about the government grant for a university and cultural center that these Indians [occupying Alcatraz] have demanded as “reparations”? WAYNE: What happened between their forefathers and our forefathers is so far back — right, wrong or indifferent — that I don’t see why we owe them anything. I don’t know why the government should give them something that it wouldn’t give me."
&gt;bologna The city in Italy? We already tried to change the meat product to 'baloney'...not sure why it's not consistent or sticking.
That's who I was referring to as their hero. But, yes, that guy.
&gt;I think by “Hollywood elite” they mean people who have outsized influence by embedding their values in their artistic products. Reagan literally used his fame as an actor to springboard his political career. He was still making movies when he was giving speeches for Goldwater. Prior to that he was using his influence as an actor by giving private paid speeches.
That's not what the Hollywood elite get accused of. They get accused of voicing an opinion and abusing their celebrity status outside of film. Same with the music industry. "Shut up and sing", as an example with the Dixie Chicks. Especially with the movie industry, unless the actor is producing the movie, they don't have a huge say in the content, if any.
The Rights 'Communism': Real good on paper, not so great in real life. We saw this play out in the Gilded Age.
[It's a weird one](https://www.visualthesaurus.com/cm/wordroutes/how-baloney-got-phony/).
Just lost business due to fast food in general, as well as being more expensive, even though it's not a comparable product. In Seattle (where this was) there are still Burger Masters which are the same theme: sit down burger joint but in your car. Super good burger but you're talking 10-12 bucks for a combo. Or more. But the quality is significantly better than a McDonald's. The shakes are good, the fries are good, and the hamburger is a big, quality patty. Burger Master is holding strong, they're not going anywhere.
&gt;Even so, every single time the Nazis took more power, they used violent acts from groups like AntiFa as justification for it. The Nazis began as a violent organization. To state that any group that uses violence against a violent group is justifying the original violence is victim blaming.
Who's excusing communism? Or propagating it? But if you think Communist theory is based on hate then you're incorrect. You can say correctly that Communism in action has been a disaster. But if you compare Nazis and Communist political agenda, the Nazis were calling for the extermination of a race. The communists wanted extermination of socials classes, not people.
Marx called for democratic and peaceful transition whenever possible. Violence if needed, but not if it would cause greater harm. His opinion was that the Bourgeois used violence to take power from the monarchy, and if needed, violence would probably be needed to take the power from them, to give to the proletariat. Not sure how that is the equivalent of "hating Jews".
&gt;More to it, you yourself say that they advocate for exterminating people in the same message where you say it's not based on hate. Let's just see what I said "The communists wanted extermination of socials classes, **not people**." Did the **not people** part not mean anything? Putting everyone in a single social class doesn't mean "kill all the other social classes". &gt;I''ve no idea how can someone state it one by another and be blind to it's hypocrisy. See above .
Source?
&gt;Similarly, even among fringe-right extremists, only a tiny minority are actually violent -- most just hold views the majority of us vehemently disagree with (or think are dangerous). Correct, which is why I used "alt-right" not "right wing". &gt;If you believe that the "Alt-right is violent", then surely you believe that "Islam is violent" too? Your position is based on faulty premise. Alt-right is a subset of right wing. Islam is a religion with varying subgroups. It would be more accurate to say "ISIS members are violent". As ISIS is a subgroup to Islam, like the alt-right is to the right wing. &gt;Moreover, if every action of AntiFa was against card-carrying neo-nazis and klansmen, you might have at least a bit of a point. Vast majority are. Incidents of AntiFa violence against non-alt-right targets are significant in their limited occurrence. &gt;for example terrorism threats from antifascist groups after a Republican group decided to participate in a county parade You conviently left out the part that the the protesters were stating [Known members of neo-nazi and anti immigrant hate groups planned to attend the group that was being hosted by the Multnomah County Republicans at the parade. ](https://www.portlandmercury.com/blogtown/2017/04/25/18973706/82nd-avenue-of-the-roses-parade-cancelled-after-threats-of-political-protests-violence) &gt;doxxing of ICE employees in Nebraska This isn't doxxing. Linking to LinkedIn is the opposite of doxxing. &gt; Only someone with an extremely warped and distorted view would consider Republicans and ICE to be so violent of ideologies or groups that they deserve harassment and violence. As linked above, the group in Portland stated that they weren't protesting the Republicans, but groups that were attending on behalf of the Republican group. That same Republican group then [voted this week to use far-right milita groups as private security at events.](https://www.wweek.com/news/2017/06/30/multnomah-county-republican-party-approves-oath-keepers-and-three-percenters-as-private-security/) &gt; Most Democrats, such as Nancy Pelosi, [condemn and disavow such groups and movements](https://web.archive.org/web/20170829224007/http://www.democraticleader.gov/newsroom/82917/). Noted.
[This is why](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/hg8c4t/do_you_think_the_altright_is_a_threat). In this sub: alt right are a minor group, nothing to worry about. I'm this sub: AntiFa are terrorists And as I've linked already, the alt-right has over 73 dead aligned to them. AntiFa? 1? 2? Certainly not 73. &gt;It really seems like you're trying to twist opposition to political vigilantism into some sort of support for white supremacists and I don't get how that seems reasonable. If you can show me how over 73 people dead is less of a concern over AntiFa fighting those very same people doing the killing, then please do. I don't get how downplaying the alt-right is reasonable.
&gt;Can you show me where I ever said they were? You said &gt;&gt;It really seems like you're trying to twist opposition to political vigilantism into some sort of support for white supremacists and I don't get how that seems reasonable. And I linked you the discussion where THIS sub downplays alt-right while we are currently discussing AntiFa &gt;The topic of this post is *specifically* about Antifa, so when somebody says that they've got a problem with a perceived tendency for political vigilantism in the group it doesn't mean that they wouldn't feel the same about the alt-right. And who does AntiFa protest against? The alt-right. I linked you the commentary from this sub where downplaying the alt-right is all right there for you to review. So, yes, it does mean that they wouldn't feel the same about the alt-right. &gt;It just means that they're sticking to the topic at hand. Again, we have two examples already.
You made this statement: &gt;so when somebody says that they've got a problem with a perceived tendency for political vigilantism in the group it doesn't mean that they wouldn't feel the same about the alt-right. And I've shown you that this sub is hypocritical about AntiFa and the Alt-Right. Both use violence, but one (alt-right) uses violence against non-whites, minorities, etc and the other (AntiFa) uses violence against the alt-right. Questions on both groups get asked all the time on this sub, and the responses are all the same: AntiFa is a terrorist group that uses fascists techniques to silence people who think differently than them, and the Alt-Right is a small minority of people and they're nothing to be concerned about. Yet I've also shown how that is completely not true as the alt-right is behind at least 73 murders since 2017. So again: one group has murdered 73 people, and the other has attacked that group. Your original question to me was: &gt;You know, it's possible to have some misgivings about Antifa without aligning yourself with white supremacists. Agree. &gt;Disliking one group doesn't preclude you from absolutely despising the other. Agree &gt;It really seems like you're trying to twist opposition to political vigilantism into some sort of support for white supremacists and I don't get how that seems reasonable. And this is where we diverge. I can keep linking you to AntiFa/alt-right questions in this sub if you want. But the same people, and I mean that literally, that are calling AntiFa bad are also saying alt-right is of minor concern. So, if you're saying that the people who are fighting white supremacists are bad but the white supremacists themselves are of minor concern, what does that tell you about the people stating this? If the response was "I don't agree with AntiFa as I think their tactics are wrong, but, the alt-right protestors are terrible people" I would agree and never comment on it. Total reasonable response. But the response I am getting is "AntiFa are terrible people for attacking these groups, the alt-right have done nothing wrong, while I don't agree with their message, they're harmless." And that's my point. You said I was "trying to twist opposition to political vigilantism into some sort of support for white supremacists and I don't get how that seems reasonable." So, see above. If someone thinks AntiFa is somehow close to being as bad as the alt-right then what does that say about the person?
Reddit search blows Go to Google, type in "cupbeempty askanamerican virus site:www.reddit.com" without the quotes. Also, I was eating cereal and was bored and didn't want to deal with whatever the kids were screaming about.
I think the Federal government pays for half the medical services, and the provinces pay for the other half. Both are covered by Provincial and Federal taxes. Provinces run their local systems, there isn't a federal healthcare plan. But they allow cross province access as needed. Medically necessary services are covered without fee or have a copay depending on the service Surgeries are prioritized by medical necessity determined by the local system. Elective surgery/services are covered by the patient to some degree (all or partial). Prescription medication is free or via copay Drs can be part of the healthcare system or private but can't be both. You can get service by the system or use private insurance for the private system. That's my understanding...and no clue how accurate that might be.
&gt;China: Number one baddie But number one trading partner on import and number 3 on exports. If they're truly an enemy then we have a LOT of American companies working with them and most Americans consuming enemy goods.
The covid response in the US is what happens when you weaponize the libertarian world view. Full blown face eating leopards eating everyone's face. There is nothing anti-liberty, anti-american, or commie about face masks. So, no, I don't blame the EU. We kind of did it to ourselves. Good job virus protestors...you sure showed that virus.
Change virus to high altitude bombers and lockdown to blackout mandate. Anyone who argues that a blackout mandate is against civil liberties and just goes ahead and keeps all their lights on at night during a bombing raid doesn't just kill themselves, they kill all their neighbors when a 500 pound bomb lands on their house. In this case the civil liberty warrior is the 500 pound bomb. Which is worse for the economy? The blackout mandate or the carpet bombing?
[Protests themselves didn't cause the spikes](https://www.inquirer.com/health/coronavirus/coronavirus-no-spike-cities-despite-protests-big-surge-in-states-that-reopened-20200627.html). It was the re-opening due to the virus protestors. Those same people protesting the virus, are the same ones complaining about wearing a mask.
As they should.
Which civil liberties are being eroded? People are being asked to wear a mask and social distance. There is no benefit of making that permanent outside of making general virus transmission less effective. Closing down bars and restaurants and barber shops doesn't benefit anyone politically. The economic hits are terrible, but, again no one's benefitting from that. What are the economic impacts if deaths increase and people are too scared to go any place? What are the economic impacts of hospitals being too full? Well, we are about ready to find that out, unfortunately.
