She's no Jedi tho
I care that I basically can't say that I like SW because more and more people now associate this obsessive and cringeworthy fan behavior with it.
I don't need to explain myself to you. JK. But see what kind of social interaction this leads to? No man is an island... They ruin in by their over the top behavior which many people than associate with a normal SW fan.
No. But do I have to keep it a secret?
You think people who undergo 20+ facial surgeries to look like Barbie are a sign of a great doll? You think people that point out that this is not normal behavior are killjoys?
Yes
no.1 A star destroyer has 72 tie fighters. How many star destroyers were there? 20? The supremacy is about 1000 times as big as a star destroyer and probably holds thousands of fighters. You really think that caricature of a commander, general Hux cares about some destroyed tie fighters? You think that's in line with someone who throws a tantrum every scene he's in? Calling them back makes no sense. You put in a lot of work in your blog post which shows that you care about the franchise. No offense, but in my opinion however you a part of the problem and not the solution. You go through all these mental gymnastics and far fetched theories to justify the shitty writing of this movie just so you can sleep at night. You play the useful idiot and let the writers off the hook for their hack job. Instead of going on the barricades and demanding quality people like you let them get away with everything and thus lower the bar even further. R1, TFA and TLJ are imho already close to capeshit tier. Han Solo, I'm certain, will lower the franchise to capeshit tier. Your "appeasement" will kill SW in the end.
Same is true for music. That's why you find cool ambient music (Biosphere etc) in every library.
You call that a paper jogger? Doesn't even have air flow...
Wow, this sounds like one of those stories straight out of a concentration camp, doesn't it?
Sadly it's not because he is so good it's because all the other characters are bland and feel more like NPCs.
It's a MTG reference.
Little do you know about assassins. It's best to not bring a weapon, instead use a weapon of opportunity.
He's not wrong, you know.
So in the last 90 days OP had sex with at least 27 different guys. New guy every three days. 32 are still in the pipeline (no pun intended). This more than qualifies as hypersexuality disorder, a mental illness.
That's debatable. People diagnosed with hypersexuality disorder are disproportionate male homosexuals. (I think it's even 2 out of 3 but I can't find the study atm).
Small reminder that Marco Rubio is the guy who has the for-profit prison industry behind him.
I wish he would find a cure for the overpopulation that kills our planet.
That's NEET!
Lol, Steelers fans seem to have a lot of faith in their team
Mike Smith tier clock and timeout management
RAMBO!
I hope Jags can play like this again next week. But I fear it will be some boring 42-12 beating by the Pats. As usual.
Go Saints!
Is Joe Buck the announcer with the lowest testosterone? Just look at that patchy beard.
fugg
Too much time. When will they learn?
Good catch
Easy fg
This is a r/specializedtools classic! Sure you have seen it before but you go through at least 2 loops every time.
Jews aren't white. They say so themselves.
http://handbeezy.com/rKc7Usuve/ https://i.imgur.com/AptqCId.jpg http://handbeezy.com/RozAfo7Qk/ http://handbeezy.com/pFjHiqHAd/
I just notice pretty much every time a "white" person talks about white people and what white people should do or not do it's it turns out that they are jewish. This is especially true when the topic is white guilt.
Toll the coal, pay the burn.
Very interesting. Good job. Making the black area more like a heatmap to see where most datapoints are would be perfect.
A 2D board is easier to see than a real board. Maybe that helps him.
Only in murrica.
Too many jewish doctors.
#YOU HAD ONE JOB, EAGLES! And you nailed it in style. Well done! Now go on and wreck the patriots.
They even record what you type in a field no matter if you press send or not.
&gt;“The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you.” ― Werner Heisenberg Keep drinking, son.
Fun fact: I hire 0% of the people with visible tattoos. And I regret that decision 0% of the time. EDIT: I'd make an exception if that person is Maori, Samoan or Polynesian.
Why not? You sound like a faggot.
Not really. How can you be mad at the mentally ill?
Professor for what? Feminist dance therapy?
Smart. People who think a 2'' flesh tunnel in the earlobe is a "good" idea very likely make the same "good" decisions at work.
What you call discrimination I call pattern recognition.
Tombald Glumpf, right?
Daily reminder that "diversity" is a euphemism for "white genocide".
&gt;"We're not spending any money on a design agency. I have a nephew who is very talented and good with the computers."
Agree. Too many yt shills pushing their lame channels. Why waste my time with literal whos when I can watch GMs and IMs?
Looks like this "bot" has business hours. https://snoopsnoo.com/u/libertyots His comments are basically "Fuck *whatever the article is about*. Disgusting!"
2ch
Magic christmas land
&gt;Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello. --Elon Musk
#NICE TRY, DISNEY Why don't you just setup a gofundme account where we can donate our life savings?
Article is behind paywall. Very common in the US. Heard about a guy who wanted to buy some agricultural equipment in the neighboring state and had $30k on him. They just took it. He traveled on a route that is known for running guns so that worked against him. Afaic the police department can keep the money so that's why they are quite 'liberal' with taking it away from people.
And another 6 months of stale meta. Bravo!
&gt;Cemex board of directors: &gt;Eli Goldstein &gt;Lynn Forrester de Rothschild &gt;Matthew Bronfmann Every single time...
I miss John Madden
Imho he was a bit too overconfident and got careless.
Comes with free drama.
Tho the video is technically correct it's still utter garbage imho. This kind of shtick has been overdone and isn't half as entertaining as you might think. Just showing the moves without the 1000s of stupid stock photos would have been easier to understand, less work to make and an overall better viewing experience.
I wonder how many of them are jews
Could be double exposure.
The white man should just stay away from Africa and let them handle their own business.
I live in a haunted house and stuff happens round the clock.
Yay, more population explosion... this will do the planet so much good.
Angel Hair is great with the right sauce. That chef was probably just some attention seeking wanna be.
Falling with a glas in your hand can lead to nasty cuts.
What's that thing on the head? Have been seeing on horses too.
I guess the next step will be chess videos by busty gamer gurrls showing their cleavage.
NL umps back then always gave a couple of inches off the plate.
&gt;a camera flashes as I drift into the abyss
Chef Greg Easter has the answer, but you'll probably not like it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2aueRZAlSI
Now I want to touch the bats
After you post it on reddit it's not "your" picture anymore.
I don't know how many victories I have pulled off in various video games after my opponent said 'gg'. Those are the sweetest.
Let's start a gofundme campaign to buy and disband the devil rays.
There are many good actors that never get a shot because of Hollywood nepotism. I bet there are at least a hundred better Han Solos out there than met-Steven-Spielberg-at-a-bar-mitzvah Aldon Ehrenreich.
I never understood why they changed this great logo to the shit logos in the 00s.
If it's demons it's called an infestation not a haunting. The more you know...
Try to unfuck your formatting
I wouldn't be surprised if they turn it into some pozzed SJW garbage.
Ahh, the good 'ol I-was-hacked-defense. ;)
Fucking no-bidet-plebs fucking up the sewers. DISGUSTING!
&gt;Britbongistan Not surprised
Don't use too much dressing. After you mixed the salad thoroughly there shouldn't be any liquid at the bottom of the bowl.
&gt;Do as I say not as I do. -- Jewish proverb
The one doesn't exclude the other.
&gt;and its always wrong Read Alexander Solzhenitsyn's "200 years together". There a very real and very good reasons for anti-semitism in the Russia.
Oh, I have read if completely. But have you read it?
Didn't answer the question.
These flicks will almost always fail. You have a woman playing a male role like a male. This turns them basically into men with tits. Men don't like to watch men with tits. Men want to be the hero who rescues the princess. Women don't want to watch men with tits either. Women want to be the princess. And they want the hero (prince) to come to the rescue.
Nice drawing but garbage show.
https://www.amazon.com/Cooking-Russia-Focus-Food-Chemistry/dp/1934939951/ Also check out his great videos. Imho he is the best chef on yt. https://www.youtube.com/user/CookinginRussia/videos
Do we know what she did to provoke his reaction?
It's a psyop experiment to see how information spreads in a social network and if there are people who will beleive literally anything. The whole thing started on facebook which is suspicious in itself as facebook is an end point not a starting point for such things. There was also immediately a lot of very well made content (yt videos, infrographics etc) which also indicates that this conspiracy didn't develop organically.
You always need two for a fight. People seem to forget this. While women are not as physically abusive as men they often abuse psychologically which often is worse. Just look at the Ray Rice video. She can't stop yapping at him and even starts slapping him.
Because men just go around beating up women, right?
wow, that is so racist
You always need two persons for a fight. There must have been something that triggered his reaction.
I'm still playing 0.44.02-alpha1 because that's the only version I can get to work on OSX. Too bad lazy mac pack is dead
That's why I asked in my original post if we know what she did.
&gt;muh fragile men meme Nice sexism there. Learn what emotional abuse is. Sad that someone who claims is in teaching doesn't know that. No wonder we have school shootings and suicides because of bullying when alleged "teachers" think the way you do. Toxic hacks like you shouldn't be allowed near children / young adults.
I know the link but thanks anyway. I didn't bother to update to 44.05 because there isn't that much difference. 44.09 doesn't have DFhack so I don't really want it. I tried to setup everything by hand but I ended up completely frustrated and wasted a Saturday evening. It's great that there are people who make tilesets and addons but I wish they'd spend 5 minutes writing a readme on how to install it.
Poor readability, out of focus hand is annoying, cliché graphic elements, poor photo overall, no emotion. Looks like a quick hackjob. Sorry, but I don't like it.
What if this guy harvests pet names for security questions?
Now fight the $5000 guy.
Windmill of friendship?
&gt;Speaking to police on the condition that he wouldn't be handed a death sentence, Milligan told authorities where they would find Derrick's body, but when a search proved fruitless he recanted his confession. While no physical evidence has ever been found, some witnesses reported seeing Milligan's 1998 black Honda in the area at the time of Derrick's disappearance. Seems he was murdered by that guy. Milligan could have overheard that they planned to go into the woods to cut a christmas tree. The boy seemed to be outdoors a lot, perhaps Milligan had him on the radar for quite some time and was just waiting for a good opportunity. Snowstorm is pretty good, as it dampens noise and covers tracks.
Sadly this isn't a tattoo but a drawing. No redness, no swelling, colors aren't right.
Reminder that he quit because they offered to cover only $100 of his mobile bill. The GM of a MLB club that is owned by a communications company...
Iirc he said that this was just one of the signs that Shapiro didn't want him as GM.
Very misleading. Should be an israel flag.
&gt;William Hurley was a 24 year old man from North Carolina. On October 8 2009 he went to a Bruins game at the Boston Garden with a friend and another person. **Feeling tired he left the game early** and called his girlfriend to come pick him up as he was not familiar with the area. She asked where he was and someone yelled 99 Nashua St. A minute or two later she arrived and he was not there. His cell phone was found smashed during a search. He was found in the Charles River on October 14 by the Boston Police not far from where he went missing. His keys and wallet were found on his person. Police believe his body had been in the water for a couple of days. Williams friend who went to the game with him said 'hadn't had much to drink' and sounded fine on the phone. Police were to review video footage of the area as well as have a toxicology report but couldn't find anything further on the results. There was no trauma to the body. In the books there are many cases where the person that goes missing tells the group they're not feeling well and go back or take a shorter route etc. I find it hard to believe that someone becomes so tired at a hockey game that they have to leave. Usually with the noise and excitement at a game you get pumped up and any tiredness dissipates until after the game. Also Bruins tickets are not cheap either. Pay $80+ and then just leave and also leave you buddy?
This certainly comes to no surprise. A disproportionate amount of pedophiles are homosexuals.
Usually I don't spoonfeed people but here you go https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1556756
#NO GIRLS ALLOWED!
Berenstain
The police in the UK is firmly in the grip of freemasons. Canada likely too. Just look at the Toronto police headquarter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgAksc12BzA
There is no reason to beleive that this behavior changes so much in 20years. But there is plenty of current stuff too. Holland, E. 2007. Sexuality: homosexuality, child molestation, pedophilia and hebephilia.
More than enough current literature. Holland, E. 2007. Sexuality: homosexuality, child molestation, pedophilia and hebephilia.
Unreadable in the video but I found a picture of it. https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-DsoBsxAH6fY/WW4OculDO8I/AAAAAAABwng/VFbsqYQOxnwvSwjBlIU-LlvvFGzVhVVFwCLcBGAs/s1600/20170717_143558.jpg Also interesting the artist page about this. https://eldongarnet.com/metro-toronto-police-headquarters/
Not wearing a cup. Rookie mistake.
Amazing. A photo that looks like a photorealistic painting. Great job with the lightning btw.
I'd trust it without hesitation. I know quite a few medical doctors from my student days and that was motivation enough for me to stay as healthy as possible. Also I'd always hope to discover an easter egg when I'm with robodoc.
This movie will be pure CIA propaganda
The reality is that the banker brought in the asylum seeker to distract the worker.
Your tax dollars at work
I'm tired of capeshit.
Tbh, tap water is already contaminated with plastic nano particles and plastic fibres and we don't really know what the effect on us is. https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/sep/06/plastic-fibres-found-tap-water-around-world-study-reveals
Feels like monarchy
Note to myself: if I ever want to kill the president, use a mortar
Best Blue Jay ever.
Btw, facebook also sends text input to the server even if you never send the message.
you bet
Good dog for a bad cause. I bet they did the whole service dog shtick only so they can have images like these hoping that people will forget how big a piece of shit GHB was.
The evidence was three feet of testimonials, hearsay and personal anecdotes. Guess what, I can provide 3+ feet of UFO testimonials, hearsay and personal anecdotes. Does this make UFOs an undeniable fact?
&gt;listening to this garbage in the first place
Get this piece of shit war criminal out of here. Hope he rots in hell for ever.
I don't even think this picture was posted just for being a nice picture. Everywhere on reddit this asshole is posted like he was a saint. This is not natural this is some image campaign and I'm having none of it.
&gt;facts are racist
&gt;triggered
Yes, I used to work in Londonistan.
Fitzrovia
Oh it is a part of Londonistan.
I guess not. That's why he was executed.
And now they have a regime that destroyes their own race with mass immigration.
Yeah, that's your answer for everything.
Even pedos should heard by now the diamond thing is nothing but a scam.
More like nightmare vision
&gt;not understanding how quotes work
That's ridiclious. Orange man bad.
Pretty based views for a young man.
I wish I could decide between Blazecaller and Astromancer. Running both atm and they both do work.
Well, you don't want to put stupid ideas into the goyims head, do you?
Astromancer is not "definetly better". Sometimes the 5 dmg is exactly what you need to get rid of some creature or get lethal. With Jaina it's also 5 life.
You see it only from the offensive side. Blazecaller can remove dmg from the board and heal you. What good is the best creature when you lose on your opponents next turn?
Look for his banned book "200 years together".
Never trust a Cohen.
Are they still fertile at that age?
No, we're not.
Salted caramel. Thanks Obama!
G
That'll teach him!
&gt;Many departments, including Justice and Treasury, have completed plans to delegate statutory powers to officials who would not normally exercise them. Others do not need to make such legal transfers, or are holding them in reserve. So that's how they solved the $2.3 trillion problem.
No, it's the absence of color.
In physics, a color is visible light with a specific wavelength.
I'm really starting to wonder who the real brainwashed idiots are...
That's the thing, you can't even have a debate anymore.
&gt;beating a dead horse
Came here to say this. Living in the past is the lamest.
Ayo hol up, honkey. *smacks lips* We invented AIDS, Ebola an necklacing.
They know much much more. Basically everything, even if you are careful. How do they do it? All the things you see in the chart and many more are so called data points. The process is not to analyze these data points and create a profile of you. Too much work. The companies that use this data pay a lot of money for real, reliable data of persons in groups that they deem interesting. They then match your datapoints to the datapoints of the control groups. Even if they have just a few and incomplete data points of you through statistical methods they can still get very precise matches. The whole system is continually improved the more data they get and the more data is validated. This means you can't prevent them from profiling you by being careful with your data. If you function in todays world you still generate enough data points. I heard some experts on the topic say that the only way to regain some privacy is to create as much false data points as possible. But this is easier said than done, as you can't just start ordering random stuff from amazon or spent more money than you have.
You don't really need starch to thicken a stew. If it's too thin it's either becuase you are not cooking it long enough to get the collagen / gelatin out or you are using meat that doesn't have enough connective tissue. You can always throw some beef tendon into your stew and remove it afterwards if that isn't your thing.
go to /r/AnarchyChess
Fun fact: getting head from her also counts as anal.
Nothing scarier than old people in cars.
Not an experience problem. Card is just to random and random favors the worse player. The taunt guy is a great target to get back and with coins and our spells you can play him around t6, t7
White people, am I right?
Magnus Carlsen had a 400 rating when he was young. Then he discovered Jerrys 27 step program from beginner to chess master and boom now he's the highest ranked player in the world. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSA9se6t82I&amp;list=PLQsLDm9Rq9bHKEBnElquF8GuWkI1EJ8Zp
It was a so called joke. But honestly Jerrys chess lessons are excellent and I went from 50% winrate against lichess lvl 4 to 70% winrate against lichess lvl 5.
Is this something you can do at home or is it considered "too dangerous"?
But who owns Disney, NBC and CBS?
#Israeli owns large stakes in US media. Who would have thought?? :\^) https://www.businessinsider.com/meet-the-secret-ungoogleable-media-mogul-who-owns-large-stakes-in-time-warner-news-corp-twitter-goldman-sachs-and-more-2011-9?IR=T
#S
Where is the small african boy?
It's OK if it's a Johnny Rebel song
Feels like we're on pace to lose 141 games this season ;_;
What if we lose the draft lottery?
Nah, just pulling your leg. But be assured they'll come up with the idea once we'd get the #1 pick
One might think a real manager would do something about this.
This is our life now. I tried to warn you when they signed Shapiro but nobody listened to me. We will be absolute bottom dwellers for 4 years so we can be decent for 1-2 years. And being decent in the AL East means you finish second or third. Shapiro is unable to consistently produce competitive teams. He has shown that in Clevland. The team has to tank for years so it can have meager success for one or two seasons.
Nobody cares about your basketball meme shit. Sad enough that the team is a joke atm. You add to the embarassement by making the sub a joke too.
You mean your wifes son.
I think trans-bathroom thing was the prime example.
&gt;A new life. That was what he wanted. That was what he was waiting for. Surely he had begun it already. He had spared one innocent thing, at any rate. He would never again tempt innocence. He would be good. &gt;As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder If the portrait in the locked room had changed. Surely it was not still so horrible as it had been ? Perhaps if his life became pure, he would be able to expel every sign of evil passion from the face. Perhaps the signs of evil had already gone away. He would go and look. &gt;He went in quietly, locking the door behind him, as was his custom, and dragged the purple hanging from the portrait. A cry of pain and indignation broke from him. He could see no change, save that in the eyes there was a look of cunning, and In the mouth the curved wrinkle of the hypocrite. For some reason she reminds me of this passage form the picture of Dorian Grey.
Call him up already!
Everytime Trent Thornton pitches the gods flip a coin.
I haven't played the deck but I'd drop the Lifedrinkers for some Sunfury Protectors.
I'll take that as a compliment.
I did, and I was vocal about it. I got nothing but downvotes for it smh fam ;_;
MGTOW is a dead end. Literally. No family, no future.
&gt; You realise a huge amount of people will be facing this reality over the coming decades right? Yes, but this is reversible. The situation we have now is a result of the lawmaking of the past 40-50 years. Things like no-fault divorce, giving custody of the children to the mother (fun fact up til the 1930s or so custody would always go to the parent that was stronger financially, usually the father), government benefits for single mothers, disproportionate support for women in education and so on. Things like MGTOW accept this development and accelerate it. It might be the easiest way but it leads into a dead end. &gt;What about men who have kids and then go MGTOW? They already fulfilled their role and don't matter anymore. If there are children they have to pay for them.
No, it's never a good option. The don't matter part was from the point of view of those who push the agenda btw. I couldn't explain in detail as a colleague was coming. MGTOW is a bit like someone who says "I don't care about climate change because in my lifetime it will have no ill effects for me."
I believe this is part of the demoralization today. To give people the feeling that they are powerless, that they can't change anything. But change doesn't come from the masses, it's usually individuals or small groups that start a change process. Feminism is the best example. Occupy wallstreet was a handful of people in the beginning. Edward Snowden was one person. Now not everybody can give up everything and become a revolutionary but everyone can become active in their environment in some way. I'm politically active. Not on a large scale but I try to have my voice heard.
There goes the no-hitter ;_; and the shut out
Call up Manoah already
I couldn't agree more with you. Ross' moves have been terrible. He gave away assets for nothing and even paid them to play elsewhere. Guys like Happ he couldn't reel in. He kept bums like Brito while guys like Ramirez walked away. Instead of trading Pillar in the winter he trades him a few games into the season. Guy has no plan and no vision. But I don't even blame him. The fish rots from the head down. He just does what Shapiro tells him to do. There's the real problem.
This is a desaster.
Let's go and check if you really were kangz. Nahhhh...
Stephen "friends with pedophiles" Fry Edit: looks like people don't want to hear the truth
Clement Freud and Paul Gambaccini for starters.
Well, that's just me, but I wouldn't want to be friends with pedophiles. Imho pedophilia is pretty bad.
He was a pretty good friend of Freud. They go way back when they both were deans at Dundee University. He also attended his funeral, which only a few and close friends did. Now you're right, there wasn't enough evidence to lock Gambaccini up. But in these cases I go with the old cheka saying "where there's smoke, there's fire".
Tbh I didn't care about the topic at hand. It just makes me sick to my stomach that people put Fry on such a pedestal.
Usually I don't spoonfeed but here you go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7siWJ86g40
I'm a scumbag, alright. Not denying it.
Well, let's not forget that Fry is also a cokefiend who fucks young men. Now this isn't evidence but I can put two and two together.
&gt;provided a completely made up story Holy shit, do you people even know Stephen Fry? https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-norfolk-30693048 https://www.google.com/search?q=stephen+fry+coke
My comment is spot on.
I'm the kind of weirdo who thinks it's weird if someone marrys a partner who is 30 years younger. But with all your muslim influence I guess this is now normal in Swedistan.
つ ◕_◕ ༽つ STRO TAKE MY ENERGY つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
But will their show also have a fictional female super scientist?
Pathetic try at deflection. I'm not talking about child marriage but you seem desperate to shoehorn it into the discussion. The point is, if someone marrys a person who is 30 years younger than them, then something is not right. If you can't understand that then I feel sorry for you.
I fear no ant
turn on the game, see this, sigh
*DONK*
Dogs can be jelly as hell.
It's probably better if you don't see it. It was ugly last night
Lots of bigots here. This is japanese culture and you round eyed devils have no right to critizice it.
It's supposed to be disaster. It means a bad event. Sorry for the typo. I was careless. Guess I forgot that nowadays the internet is also used by people with low cognitive abilities. You know the ones who get easily confused by a typo and who have difficulties understanding things from context. But it's OK, buddy. We can't all be smart, right? Feel free to ask me for help if there's something you don't understand 👍
I gladly give up that basehit. I already saw Sanchez tearing an ACL on that play.
According to our so called GM he's the future CF of the Blue Jays
Just put him in the bull pen. He's good for one inning
Hey, that's my line
&gt; Somebody sure is over-sensitive about their poor spelling skills Somebody sure is. Probably the guy that brought it up...
I'm already angry!
Out of the Richard and into the Pannone :(
Those at bats are so lackluster - or as Buck called them earlier: hollow. You start to wonder what that Guillermo Martinez guy is telling the players.
I agree. We had some losing teams in the past but they still had some power and could hit. This team however is just anemic. Just 2 guys who hit better than .250. Half of the position players are AAA level at best.
If they talk one more time about fucking Kevin Cron and his homers or his minor league career I'm gonna smash the TV and shoot the dog
I wish we'd had such an inning eater right now.
Pah. that's what manlets want you to beleive. They just wore these to be taller.
Means is 3-4 with a 2.89 ERA in his 10 starts this season. That's pretty impressive. But that's bad news for me as I don't think my body can take another 2 run 13 strikeouts game in such a short time. The Blue Jays are literally killing me. Guess this is how Shapiro is trying to get rid of me...
Immigration puts a lot of pressure on low income housing which leads to homlessness.
Let me guess, you also think the rising number of rapes in Sweden and Germany has nothing to do with immigration...
So who is raping those women?
Thought I'm late but it's just the bot 1 o_O
Phew, the wheels didn't fall off
Notice how you spew out all this hollow and pretentious blah blah but fail to produce a single coherent argument?
Notice how you spew out all this hollow and pretentious blah blah but fail to produce a single coherent argument?
Still no argument. Because you have none.
You can hide behind your smugness all you want. You're pathetic creature that has nothing to say.
You can hide behind your smugness all you want. You're a pathetic creature that has nothing to say.
2 runs 13 strikeouts as predicted ;_;
Not clicking that shit. How about an arguement?
Not clicking that shit. How about you explain how immigrants have no influence on the low cost housing market.
Still not clicking your links
.
.
Call him up already! *slams fist on the table*
Fuck the Bruins!
I hope this will be the last we see of Chara
Just walk it off already
Buck just called him Montoya
#WE HAVEN'T WON A CUP IN FOREVER BUT STILL HAVE MORE THAN TWICE AS MANY CUPS AS THE BRUINS
Likely the reason why they had to reconstruct it.
I want to see more Rowdy dingers!
Sounds like a good way to get the radioactivity into the food chain.
I could see myself living there.
Just imagine when the Leafs finally win the cup again...
But the GTA would be a madhouse
Looks like CGI
#FIRE MONTOYA
Friendly reminder that we pay $16.4 million (USD not CAD) so Russell Martin (.280 BA) can play for the Dodgers while our *great young prospects* learn how to win from AA/AAA talent like Melee and Jansen. Another stroke of genius from our infallible front office.
&gt;What is leadership? This is what this team is missing. Just look at all the lackluster at bats. Nobody gives a shit. They already accepted a culture of losing. They get zero leadership from their low energy manager. A leader like Martin would have been perfect for this young group.
Are you saying that Montoya is a powerful leader that inspires his players? Do you even watch the games? Whenever the camera pans to him you see the most uncomfortable man in the stadium. Guy is so out of place it's not even funny anymore. Players laugh about him behind his back and after what happened in todays game they'll start to hate him too.
I'm gonna save this comment and we'll talk after Montoya has been canned and all the shit comes to light that proves me right.
And what is he doing for the guys that actually pitch to him? Hmmm...
Tbh I spelled Shapiro wrong.
Don't deflect with you ad hominen attack. Tell us, who is the Jays leader? Who can the young guys turn to after a game like this?
Oy vey, it's not news if it isn't CNN.
The good thing is, it can't get much worse than yesterday
And the astros are in flight!
Ah, I couldn't see the screen through the tears running down my face. He plays in NY now ofc.
Turn on game, see BJ lead. Is today opposite day?
Wearing a cap inside a restaurant...
The Shining is a good example.
Let's unalter a bit more, OK? https://i.imgur.com/PK4yn0h.png
Makeup is just hardware altering.
Looks more like you're the salty one who can't take a joke.
Nice ad hominem. Come back when you have arguements.
I'm banned there. Also why should I even go there? I hate Trump.
I can't take credit for the editing. It's an app called Make App that can remove or add makeup.
This is my chance!
If you think about only the books that have a movie are successful.
I agree. In comedies they try ofc to exaggerate the characters but she's just insuffarable. The other characters are not much better. I can't believe that there are people who are actually entertained by this garbage.
I can
Nightmare feet (｡•́︿•̀｡)
I have a bad feeling about this.
Dude, that's a tsunami
Frozen peas
MrE was right all along...
Is Aaron Sanchez the heir to the Edwin Jackson throne?
They are just like us
Reminds me of [this](http://jeremyvarner.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/madmaxmouth.jpg)
Rule of three. So, 72.
My first thought. She got the lighting and the colors right which is difficult when shopping heads on other peoples bodies.
So Hogwarts is a jewish school?
We are pretty good at roughing up bum pitching. A W might be in the cards tonight.
During a first/second date start slow and escalate. Put your hand on her hip. She's not pulling back? Hold her hand. She's not pulling back? Touch her cheeks. She's not pulling back? Yeah you can kiss her. If she does pull back, laugh it off and tease her for her shyness or something witty. Never get aggressive or frustrated or you're out. But always escalate! Otherwise she thinks you're boring or not interested in her.
If she really were into you, she would have made the time. Sounds more like you were a plan B on those days and she didn't need you. Don't ask her out again. If she's really interested she'll contact you. If she doesn't, well then you know.
Just teach him 🙄
&gt;Don't go so fast &gt;Try to ... &gt;You're pressing a bit too hard / not hard enough &gt;Less teeth It's not rocket surgery
Porcello means piglet
Unpopular
If this was a popular opinion there wouldn't be millions of nail salons.
Can confirm. Halon is worth money. It's no longer being made, but aircrafts don't have a good replacement yet.
I'll cover Wednesday
Call 'em up already!
That would be my grandmothers. Btw, they are also the grandmothers with the worlds most confident grandson.
Why don't you ask /r/Hearthstone?
Nazi means National Socialist. It's a type of government that builds on an ethno state. Conservative jews are working on israel as a jewish ethno state. So the comparison isn't so wrong at all.
Call him up, already!
&gt;she's a big girl UUUU
I hope they don't do it. Greatly reduces the experience. Also please listen to what my good friend Don has to say about the topic at hand. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRm_K9OpYbo
I don't agree. It is distracting. In baseball even more than in hockey.
I don't think they made lampshades out of black people. Or soap. Was there a Dr. Mengele who did horrible things to black people? Did they burn black babies alive? I'm not claiming that it was all smooth sailing for the black. Sure they had to work hard, but they got food and shelter. I have never seen a picture of a paper thin black slave.
The goal of slavery was to get cheap labor not genocide. Get your head out of your ass. There was no black holocaust.
We Jews had it bad as slaves in Egypt but that wasn't a Holocaust. Blacks had it bad as slaves too. But this wasn't a Holocaust either. Stop comparing us to them! That's incredible offensive and insults the victims of the large scale industrial killing that happened during WWII.
So he got whipped. Big deal. Looks well fed too. Check this out and shut up https://ahrp.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Dachau-Morgue.jpg
&gt;Slaves were punished by whipping, shackling, beating, mutilation, branding and/or imprisonment. Punishment was most often meted out in response to disobedience or perceived infractions, but masters or overseers sometimes abused slaves to assert dominance. Sounds like summer camp compared to https://www.yadvashem.org/holocaust.html
Thank you! Anti-Semites will use every chance they get to crawl out of their holes and shit on us. But we won't take it anymore!
&gt;only four years Jews have been persecuted for two thousand years. Black slavery lasted for measly 246 years. Maybe get your facts straight before you start throwing around big words.
Tell me about the calf! Why does it wear the mask?
So women who twerk are... ?
&gt;conveniently forgets the banks and financial industry Oh, you!
Play over the board.
inb4 the cramp turns out to be a torn rotator cuff
It's ketorecipes not ketopictures
She's hot
I don't know, man. Sounds like a platform to steal other peoples work.
First, there are no terms of service and no imprint. You could be based in Uzbekistan or some other country which is difficult to work with legally. So you could simply take everything someone uploads and sell it as stock image or whatnot. Hey, you even have two versions of it. And even if you're not the one who steals what stops the users from stealing the designs? You don't use watermarks or something. I get your idea and all but nowadays for such services you need some legal framework to operate within.
After we gave you Nick Shore for free you should let us a win tonight. That's only fair and polite.
Methinks something is wrong with your keyboard.
You're just being a contrarian now. Also I'm sure you guys used up all your goals in the Colorado game. We may even play Hutch tonight and still get the SO.
I too just found my lover for her.
*A good Ontario boy*
What about Anze Kopitar?
*Name checks out*
Advantage is always with the offense
He needs to bury that one.
I like where this is going.
In a couple of hours it will only be 6 :)
We may never lose again!
Careful what you wish for.
Where is the damage coming from?
Good luck against a rested Freddy, oily men.
And leave a comment
Did they buff electric in the new patch. I feel the damage is negligible unless you have lux. Especially if the opposition has mystic.
If he were a Leafs player he would have gotten 5 years + playoffs.
Yeah, everything I learned about CDDA, I learned from him.
I love the Miami blue
No, 3* Varus damage has been buffed a lot. He's does more dmg than a 2* Lux.
Well, if you get him on an ocean square and with the Seraphs he pretty much shoots right away. But the delay is annoying. I lost many fights because he was killed during the windup.
Edmonton game was just a minor setback. Pretty sure Keefe straightend them out afterwards. I expect an excellent defensive effort and a convincing victory.
Quiet, shy, dangerhair.
This season under Babcock, Leafs games felt like dentist appointments.
He's a young stud. He can take it.
More like stairway to hospital.
If I use neekos helper on a champ, is one copy of the champ removed from the pool or is it like an additional copy?
I bet after they trade one forward, three will get hurt.
This is terrible news.
Yes
&gt;male masculinity I'm the only one seeing this :D
This is a four "Holy Mackinaw!" clip.
Replace celebrities/the royals with sports team.
That's a reasonable price for a dependable closer.
tfw I didn't get an invite
Check this out. https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/en59il/clip_from_the_life_of_birds_1998_superb_lyrebird/ The bird can immitate anything. Chainsaw, car alaram etc.
Fuck all those brainwashed zogbots
-&gt;r/tft
Is the driver in it?
All your posts would be much better without the lens flare imho.
Why do we need an expansion team in Seattle? Can't they just move the Panthers, Senators, Islanders or Coyotes there. Imho this league has already 6 teams too many.
Wow. I took a nap after the first quarter thinking the game's over and now this?
Remember the time when we wantd to flay Hutch for such numbers?
Stay away from bi. It's almost always dykes that just want some sap to knock her up and pay child support.
&gt;water That's Loli sweat
I want men vs. women 3v3. This would expose women hockey as the fraud it is.
Lol, boomer, you learned a new word on facebook? Go watch your whockey.
&gt;implying I ever get mad
Sandin's a good kid but they should have called up Harpur.
I feel now less happy.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Morgan take my legs ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
N-no
It would be triple the penalty if it were the Leafs. *shakes fist at the fucks in the league office*
Still waiting for Ben Harpur ;_;
And what race would that be? Mongrel mystery meat?
&gt;I can tell from a liar to not a liar Her vocabulary doesn't contain the word honest. Very revealing.
Nobody seeing the knife he has in his left hand? Bet he doesn't even have a loicense for it.
C O P E O P E
I hope he gets the job. Why did we ever replace him with Monotoya?
I have a 12ms ping and have a delay at the start. Don't think it has something to do with ping.
A-are you trying to say fat people are a great CO2 storage? Is obesity helping the climate?
Score one for the skins.
I guess we just have to take OPs word for it
RIP ;_;
We don't need Georgiev. Hutch is clutch.
I'd rather have Spurgeon.
Go Leafs!
Well fugg
Marincin out Liliy in please.
This goal made me saad
I agree with OP. Also he looks funny. Well, Scotty, not OP.
Remember the time when we were worried about Hutch because he would have periods where he let in three goals?
It's too late to start tanking so Packers should just go for a win today.
She looks like a goblin.
No thanks, Suban is a has been.
They should stick to the gameplan. If it doesn't work out it's better to revamp in the offseason and not do bad trades now.
Hmm. I mean you hit everyone because the walk in a line but they immediately walked out of it. It would have been better to block their path with the ult.
tfw Muzzin stays down and they call up Ben Harpur
I got punch drunk from watching this
This. Hockey should focus on it's core fans.
I didn't think 3v3 hockey could be sad and boring, yet here we are.
This had me burst into laughter
&gt;no goon You still have much to learn
They get extra pay for SWAT duty so they cram as many officers in there as possible.
&gt;Ann Francke Wow, what a disgusting little creature trying to ride coattail of the famous Holocaust™ heroine. Petition to force her to change her name.
But who would take them?
&gt; However, most of the country hates and does not support the Toronto maple leafs. We're still the most popular hockey team. https://assets1.sportsnet.ca/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/SN-CAN-NHL-TEAM.jpg
Or 27% of Canadians aren't bandwagon fans.
She hit the wall so hard, she turned into 35yo Greta Thunberg
When will womanlets learn?
Now come on, if this scrub gets a chance so should Ben Harpur.
Why are these posts marked NSFW?
This.
He wasn't innocent tho. He was caught using counterfeit money. In the end everything that happended happened because he decided to be unlawful.
Imagine women, who took away breadwinner jobs away from men, accepting the role of the breadwinner. What a world that would be.
Don't you dare walk out on me!
You don't seem like a guy who is interested in solutions. Imho you people are part of the problem, not the solution.
Post the video!
It wouldn't shattered as these kinds of panes are usually laminated and or multi layered.
When it's Tom Delonge, then it's nothing
Good idea
&gt;used their skins as lampshades and book covers lol, I can't believe that there are still people who think that this has happened (it didn't, it was jewish/russian propaganda)
&gt;Jean Edward Smith in his biography, Lucius D. Clay, an American Life, reported that the general had maintained that the leather lamp shades were really made out of goat skin. The book quotes a statement made by General Clay years later: &gt;There was absolutely no evidence in the trial transcript, other than she was a rather loathsome creature, that would support the death sentence. I suppose I received more abuse for that than for anything else I did in Germany. Some reporter had called her the "Bitch of Buchenwald", had written that she had lamp shades made of human skin in her house. And that was introduced in court, where it was absolutely proven that the lamp shades were made out of goat skin.[6]
I bet that cop played NHL20. That's how it all started
&gt;that it could have been Wow, such rock hard evidence
can confirm
Delete this!
&gt;plays with trains &gt;calls others inkel topkek
It's justice for George Floyd
in a broad sense, yes
ah, the condescending, privileged, white redditor
&gt;Most of my acne is around the mouth area Pizzaface who plays the bing bing wahoo all day calling others basement dwelling inkel. We are reaching levels here...
And in such a short time. What a miracle.
How do you lose an eye? Isn't it nested tightly into your eye socked?
Delete this!
This is fake news. A black person would never do such a thing. They are holy people!
Only the boob part is skinny
The dark circles under her eyes...
So a jew would solve the jew problem? Intredasting...
Fuck off with your facts!
Can't view the image
How's your paypal doing?
I always considered it the games greatest weakness that you can get detailed military and economic information on everyone in the world. Pretty sure at that time even the rulers didn't have this information about their own kingdom.
Hmmm, when was this introduced? I wasn't aware of this.
&gt;soft hands Oh yeah, baby
Women back in the day: "His home needs a womans touch." Women today: "He has no style. Is this a deal breaker?"
What if I told you that what this guy did was actually an act of artistic expression.
My first thought was 'shit runs downhill'
I agree with 2 and 3.
I bet there are already hipsters who got one of these
1:37 &amp; 13:37 checking in
Me on the right
WTF, I love china now!
I agree tho I only watched season 1. It was good for the first four epsiodes. After that it's a steady decline in writing which is typica l for tv writing. The Duffer brothers had a good idea but didn't put in enough work to make it a well rounded story. This is the difference between real writers and tv writers.
Capeshit is the lowest form of entertainment and it's the opposite of red pill theory. Heroes with super powers are blue pillers dream. They teach that you just need to get bitten by the radioactive spider and boom you can do anything. Don't need hard work, discipline, persistence and dedication.
Kissing someone with lip piercings is disgusting. Same goes for tongue studs.
You are triggered by me shitting on a fictional character that you liked as a kid? Something like this has you up in arms? Congratulations, you have fallen into their trap. Let me guess when some politician, the government or CEO does some shady stuff you shrug it off. You might want to read *America* by french philosopher and cultural theorist Jean Baudrillard. He describes this mechanism of infantilization of society by the mass media and entertainment industry. &gt;Put simply, this is the idea that as a society, we are kept in a state of arrested development by dominant forces in order to keep us more pliant. We are made passionate about the things that occupied us as children as a means of drawing our attentions away from the things we really should be invested in, inequality, corruption, economic injustice etc. It makes sense that when faced with the awfulness of the world, the harsh realities that surround us, our instinct is to seek comfort, and where else were the majority of us most comfortable than our youth?
WTF, now I wanna join the army and fight israels wars!
&gt;someone said a word that I don't like, now I get a free pass to kill him Are you serious?
Sounds just like Mini Mite team back in the days
Me on the right
It seems you haven't seen her nudes
me on the right
Nope, video was taken in Marseilles suburbs
&gt;"Challenge accepted!" Tyler Seguin
Ogre feet
There are some very good liars out there.
That's the point.
Should have named it "I'm not gonna pay my employees a living wage arena"
This picture screams narcissist
The tattoo says "sperm tank"
Fuck Brian Burke. That's all.
Holy shit, the irony of this post
Me in the back with the striped tie
