I mean......imprisonment and enslavement aren't very different. It just seems like you're coming at this from an angle of feeling like the orcs "deserved it" and you want everyone to know the internment camps weren't "wrong" because they "deserved it". &amp;#x200B;
And why would he? The issue is looking subservient and weak to the alliance as well as just handing over whoever they blame. Thrall has a populace to lead and keep happy. Handing over citizens to the alliance or punishing whoever they blamed would damage his standing amongst the horde. Varian had power over thrall, and he attempted to leverage it to make Thrall do something he couldn't do which resulted in war. Even Jainas words "and he'll have the perfect excuse" show the issue and consequently the hordes perspective on the alliance. Varian wanted an excuse and he got one.
&gt;No it was not weak, since even Thrall was convinced that a Horde member was probably responsible. Idk &gt; “I do not have proof, but I have my suspicions. Is probably the furthest from convinced you could be &gt; And "handing over whoever they blame? That is mighty speculative on your part, we could have discussed standard of evidence but the investigation still needed to happen. And an investigation would have happened by horde standards, not alliance's &gt; They are Horde. They will be judged by Horde What Thrall ***was convinced*** of was that he could not be seen to be punishing these people at the behest of the alliance. &gt; Wrong, he could have allowed the investigation, there is literally no damage to the Horde in cooperating with the Alliance to uphold the treaty both sides had agreed upon. Thrall spent 3 paragraphs explaining why it couldn't happen, he knows the horde and how it operates better than Varian, Jaina, or you or me. And I'm inclined to defer to his judgement in the matter. Hell even in today's world extradition treaties only exist among countries that have been allies for a long time and have extremely similar legal systems. If Varian was serious about peace it would have to start with trusting Thrall, not dictating terms to him. Oh and guess what it turned out to not be the Horde anyway. &gt;And Varian still was not the guy who threw the first rock. Saying he might escalate things dosent mean he will, and it shows since Varian did not escalated the conflict. I'm unclear if Chronicles has changed anything but as far as I know the timeline is after the Twilights hammer falseflag at the cenarion circle meeting the alliance attacked the crossroads. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
My first thought was Good I respect an organization that understands people with every advantage in the world have no excuse to be beating women But then I remembered Oh that's why Hill's still employed because they neglected to video tape it his beatdown.
The reason they do it is because this is a high pedestrian traffic area and its not uncommon for people to quickly dart out on a bike/scooter or for another car to falsely assume that they have a stop sign.
Now I'm just imagining Santa trying to send his elves who spent years making simple toys to get advanced technological degrees in order to fabricate an ipad.
It's the way of the future Talks with my father typically go "Trump did X and thats bad" "No he didn't""Yes he did" "Doubt it but its not like the democrats haven't done worse" I'm thinking about showing up to christmas with a powerpoint
Ive taken to getting 2 burgers instead of fries and a burger. Its a bit more in calories but i feel way more filled and im less likely to eat later
Theres an out after next year I think
This has nothing to do with what I'm saying here I'll quote the 2 bits you need to respond to if you "disagree" with me. If you don't disagree with these 2 points we don't disagree. &gt;AOC's criticism boils down to "it's hypocritical that congress people won't support medicare for all when they have healthcare" &gt; &gt;My problem with it is that this is the same skin deep criticism that republicans use to attack those who advocate for higher taxes by saying "well if you want to have higher taxes how come you aren't donating to the IRS?" and &gt; Again like I wrote in my initial post it also smacks of the same "well how dare congressmen get paid" criticism that has kept congressional pay relatively low (174,000 per year) and has helped make congress wildly unrepresentative of the average american when it comes to finances. &amp;#x200B;
Ehhh im good wit it. Dont need empire 2.0 fay enchantress boogaloo
Debunk But the true answer is closer to neither. The truth of the matter is much more complex than people want to admit.
Uhhh all those knight units you dont wanna use are good against chaos. Specifically questing and grail knights
Well he definitely kicked when he had the shot so yea.
Marked for Death- however you kill them works, I typically just used the special ritual assassin unless the target was close and convenient Money-High elves live on trade, do your best to have a trade agreeement with every single person you can find. This plus completing the marked for death targets should fix you up pretty good. Also dont forget you can sack cities instead of occupying for quick cash Research-You can use mages on AI settlements to do the "steal technology" action which increases your research rate. You're never gonna make it 1 tech every 2 or 3 turns but it helps. Especially if you get good traits. Also his special shadow warriors are dirt cheap and lay down craptons of damage. I typically ran with atleast 10 if not more.
Brettonian Lords are carbon copies of the empire ones. Their biggest purpose is their vow which reduces unit upkeeep and to act as leadership bubbles for your relatively low leadership army. I usually go the blue or red tree accordingly. Fwiw a men at arms has 50 leadership which is the same as goblins and 5 points higher than clanrats so having characters around is important. But basically their "bonus" is that they reduce upkeep and have better leadership than The only other "benefit" they get is that they can be mounted on a pegasus or a hippogyph which can be useful for harrasing war machines, back lines, and low model count units.
Yea you really gotta micro them counterintuitively you dont want them to "attack" you want them to "move through"
Nah they gotta go and bring the homies to the club to show how they can "ball" yknow how in clubs they have like 10k dollar bottles of 75 dollar liquor? You know who buys that? These guys. Why? Dick measuring. Cant measure that dick if you dont overpay by 9.9k dollars
Yes thats why i know theres fairly priced stuff and fuck you im rich stuff. You can get bottle service and not massively overpay.
Id argue that a minion wave being worth more than a hero kill is awful design
Its definitely a thing. Jerry Jones pays grown ass men millions of dollars to slam into and injure each other at high speeds sometimes fatally for his amusement. The transitive here gets gross quick
How does this shit even go down? Milton:"oh great unkown number probably another asshole reporter *sigh* this is Mack" Mariota:"Mackenzie Milton?" Milton:"you called his phone; whose this?" Mariota:"its marcus" Milton:"Marcus? The red shirt longsnapper?" Mariota "uhhh no Marcus Mariota, QB for the Titans" Milton: "wait are you about to ruin my eligibility?" Mariota:"no I just called to reach out" Milton: "to what? Mariota: "to talk to you" Milton: "what? Did I miss you going to ucf?" Mariota: "well no, but were both hawaiian Milton "ok well uhhh so what did you call about? Mariota: "well your hurt" Milton: "yup" Mariota "so i wanted to reach out" Milton "and?" Mariota "Im Marcus Mariota QB for the Titans" Milton"okay?" Mariota: "the nfl team in Tennessee with the blue uniforms?" Milton "no I'm aware of who you are" Mariota "were both Hawaiian" Milton "that is true" Mariota "so i wanted to reach out and say keep on keeping on" Milton "wow i feel so much better I could play tomorrow!" Mariota: "okay good talking to you go ducks" *click* Milton: "asshole"
Im pretty sure that makes it worse for the steelers
I think counterintuitively trickplays may be easier to learn because instead of a play call thats like Jet right wingo y zz topp option blur tupac lives It'll be like Flea Flicker 1
Itt: Anyone who doesn't want to kill Sylvanas is doing mental gymnastics Also itt:The alliance has never done anything wrong to the horde
Idk my alliance kul tiran druid disagrees
The horde as an entity? Absolutely Their constituent races alone? Maybe not
Yes why on azeroth would she want to be rid of the only other opposing super power?
Still yes.
Ahh yes your "nuhuh that doesnt count" Just like Garithos doesn't count Just like Jainas purge of Dalaran doesn't count Just like Genn's attack in stormheim doesn't count Just like Arthas doesn't count Just like Medivh doesn't count Just like Kel'thuzad doesn't count Just like Van Cleef doesn't count The only people who get held accountable are horde leaders, nobody else counts No atrocities committed under the alliance flag count unless all alliance racial leaders give a mustache twirling speech on top of a throne made of orc skulls. Give me a break
Just too slow. The dude knows where he WANTS to be but can no longer get there. So he still has good instincts but he's hilariously out of position alot because he can no longer act on them.
Do they even sell these bottles anymore?
Oh I'm aware of that; I'm also aware that Tyrande (and blizzard) assert genocide.
Vampire Counts-Aside from their "deadness" Sylvania functions just like any other empire province, they have smiths to pay, iron to mine, (living) citizens to feed and while some of the shambling horde may be g2g with sticks and stones (zombies) others like blood knights are grave guard need to have their arms and armor come from somewhere. Furthermore money is still valuable for individual vampires and necromancers (those doing the actual raising). They have keeps and holds to maintain and spy networks to fund; perhaps just think of it where instead of paying for soldiers you're paying neophyte necromancers and vampires to raise them. &amp;#x200B; Vampire Coast-C'mon they're pirates, did you really think they'd just work for free?
Its nowhere near radiation Is it a chemical? Absolutely Were characters like garrosh worried about its effects on the land? Lol no
The blight can be defeated by a gas mask its not worse than radiation
1.Activision did not "buy" blizzard 2.The company is formally Activision-Blizzard "activision" has no more control over blizzard than Blizzard has over Activision. They have a shared ceo structure 3.This thing you are trying to do makes no sense Blizzard is already beholden to the shareholders of Activision-Blizzard there is no "okay start trying now" switch to flip
Lol no it cant those are barely effective And we saw red dragons dissipate the blight at the wrathgate theres nothing saying similarily attuned mages or druids cant do the same.
Cool but the us isnt china
Man making those old sculpts look this good is not an easy feat
I wonder what its like as a qb deciding to make these throws "Oh yay time to heave it 80 yards downfield"
1.This wasnt the only thing announced at blizzcon and blizzard announced beforehand that no diablo 4 announcement would be made. Hell this wasnt even "the biggest news" of the day as wc3 reforged should easily take that title followed by the wow classic updates. 2.audible boos; trolling q/a questions, downvote/dislike brigades and hate and death threats to developers on social media qualifies as a riot in 21st century parlance. But hey use whatever word floats your boat you clearly understood my meaning so sub in your preferred word to describe all of the above its nbd to me. 3.lol "people just do things" r/im14andthisisdeep
Fact: hearthstone isnt in the same genre as warcraft which is its "parent" universe Fact:the experience is the same on pc or mobile Conclusion:immortal being on pc wouldnt change anything and would probably have gotten them more hate
Immortal isn't replacing D4 and D4 is still in development Reports from the floor have said immortal is actually pretty fun, so I'm curious what the "trash" here is
Okay and is anyone making you play diablo on a phone? No Are they shutting down development on d4? No So whats the beef? You're still gonna get the flagship diablo on pc
Idk Karl Josephs like one thing is he knocks motherfuckers out. Sucks in coverage but goddamn does he hit. Had a play in the ravens game where he sent someone to the shadow realm I'd run out if I was juju too
Ironically stephen a was defending him. He was like idk what the problem is dude got hurt, you cry when your hurt, i cried the other day when I had a sore throat.
My bet is hes just not gonna run again and the dems will let it alone ala nixon
Basically both carr and coop are playing better
Why are you leaving out the holding out part?
I mean its obvious looking at the history of wow that they listen to player feedback. Off the top of my head Flying in draenor CC and dungeon difficulty in Cata Buffs coming back Transmog restrictions steadily loosening Im sure if you look wt each xpacs main gripes you'll find alot of them addressed eventually either in a patch or the next xpac.
I mean it can be both, he was asked why he didn't come in and he was like "uhh it was the xray machines fault" not "y'know I didn't feel right so I didn't think I could go, eventually I toughed through it but it was touch and go". And that's the thing there's always this "other" reason with him. &amp;#x200B; Normal QB's go "That's on me and I have to be better" &amp;#x200B; Ben will go "It was this things fault.......but also that's on me and I have to be better"
If you read the other bit, specifically about when they complain about it being illegal in the nfl's rules for Oakland to not have a team (when the 49ers exist) it kinda gets a little wonky.
Their main thrust is that they violated their rules by not favoring a major city such as oakland. The cartel stuff is just fluff
Yea its only gonna take 30 years.........
Fun fact since andy reid has become head coach of the chiefs he has the same amount of playoff wins as the chargers have in that time span.
Yea now I'll never go "oh hey I saw u fishing earlier, neat" Totally not worth :eyeroll:
Yes? Until Sylv starts putting us in ghettos like garrosh theres nothing my character sees wrong with her leadership.
I mean not to be a dick But maybe being an endgame raider doesnt fucking correlate to being a good dev Just maybe
This is how you dont resign your franchise qb
Fwiw hes referring to the raiders org when he says system Not the herpdurr make the scheme fit the players lol gruden
To spite al
Honestly we have so many needs it'd be dumb. At worst Carr is a "solid starter" ie andy dalton 2.0 We have many other positions that lack "solid starter" let alone star.
I think its because NFL teams assume other teams will screw them so they do extra lengthy physicials and test for things the standard physical doesnt test for.
How would Amari or his agent know of the internal deliberations of the raiders FO? &amp;#x200B; What did Mark walk into the meeting room like "Gruden and Reggie told me not to do this but fuck you coop and fuck you segal"?
I mean, Illidan was pretty "the good guys" in TFT. He went after arthas, he went after the legion. yea we had that "technically I'm subservient to the legion" bit but we all know how that ended up.
Oh yea I forgot about that explanation for why we don't have spellbreakers. Uhhhhh Kael'thas killed them all! &amp;#x200B; :eyeroll:
The fuck? He was our #1 WR and our X in pretty much every play. The dude just disappeared for stretches and shit like the fins game where he gave up on the route don't help the case that he was in dgaf mode
Ever play baldurs gate? &amp;#x200B; It's like that
As much as we can meme on Blizzard. Ultimately they gave hots it's shot, it's just always going to be that "not dota, not league" moba. No point in dropping millions into an unprofitable HGC and better to have talented devs move on to the next big thing. I say this as someone who has played HotS since beta and owns every hero.
Blizzard says they'll pay scythe the same as every other esports team in the hgc. 0.
Well that devolved into "muh powerlevels" rather quickly. Tyrande is a Priestess of the Moon and while they're closer to paladins than priests they still haven't been largely portrayed in the lore as "close combat experts" ala demon hunters or death knights. For her part Tyrande spent most of the war of the ancients in a supporting role, healing the wounded contributing towards tactics and using the power of elune to influence the battlefield as a whole Her expertise lays in diplomacy, tactics, magic, and leadership; while not a novice with a bow Tyrande has never been famed for her single combat prowess. Nathanos on the otherhand is a single combat expert through and through. Nathanos was the only human to ever be named a high elf ranger lord. His capability in combat among the best silvermoon had to offer claiming that he could go "shot for shot" with Lor'themar Theron the current regent lord of the blood elves. Despite the objections of both Theron and Kael'thas Nathanos obtained his rank. So no its not really all that unrealistic that Nathanos could hold his own against Tyrande; his skill is in single combat extreme whereas her expertise lied in the macro combat of the battlefield. Now keep in mind Nathanos didnt "win" he merely didn't die.
Honestly tzeentch might be better his disciples have the least ill side effects
This reminds me of the Tyrod Taylor drama earlier this year A 6th year (I think) nfl player has had his name pronounced by everyone as Tie-rod until this year where he tells his new teammates its actually tuh-rod. His new teammates trying to build rapport with their qb tell reporters to pronounce it tuh-rod Then his mom comes out and says its tie-rod Then he comes out and says either is fine but his mom mostly calls him "tai" which is why shes confused (about his name)
I guess what did people want blizzard to do? Give people severance? No matter when or how they'd announced it they would have "done it without warning" to some people as it would leak As evidenced by this happening constantly to nfl players who are often informed by Twitter that they're being cut or traded
Eh American Football is largely paid for and altered by two entities. The NFL (where players actually get paid) or the NCAA (which pays players in scholarships) then you have youth leagues where its kinda meh. &amp;#x200B; So the "one company" model can be successful, it just has to have a good enough return.
I mean are you referring to the EVO? Because the pot for smash is like 20k. Which is nowhere near the level of money HGC was playing with, I'm sure hots could easily continue at that level.
And those other games can't support something like the HGC either with or without hots playerbase.
What? If HGC was making money it'd be kept, it obviously wasn't. HotS contrary to popular belief is not "dead" because they're no longer making the push for it to compete with LCS and OWL
Shame in what? HGC wasn't profitable is blizzard supposed to lose money on it every year until the end of time? They propped it up significantly longer than they could have.
HGC was a bubble, it popped, Blizz pumped way more money into giving HOTS a shot than any other company would have. That's the ultimate irony here, blizz could have never even done a thing and they would have ended with more goodwill towards hots than they will now.
When you give 2 weeks notice you don't have to give the company your pay for those 2 weeks. There is 0 chance in hell Blizzard could justify to its investors why it knowingly threw a shitton of cash into a venture it knew wouldn't be profitable. Hell the reason it took this long is probably because there were people fighting long and hard to do just that.
I mean you have to break the news at some point &amp;#x200B; If you "tip" someone that just means you broke the news or told some and not others. This happens all the time in the NFL for example, a player gets cut, a FO person who saw the paperwork informs a reporter and its on twitter before the team gets a chance to talk to the player. [https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/darren-sproles-finds-out-on-twitter-that-saints-want-to-trade-him/](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/darren-sproles-finds-out-on-twitter-that-saints-want-to-trade-him/) The only way people would have been "happy" is if they announced it and then played a full HGC season, which wouldn't have worked because then they'd have to explain why they lit a seasons worth of money on fire for no return.
Sometimes people need a change of scenery &amp;#x200B; Case in point...........Amari Cooper
&gt; If peoples' lives depend on your league and your company is making billions of profits regardless, the respectful thing to do is to make an announcement long enough in advance that people can adjust Long enough to adjust to what? Obviously the decision to end HGC was made recently, so they had a choice of either burning through HGC in a lame duck session, cancelling it mid season, or axing it before it happened. &gt; If you don't, you simply don't give a shit about your loyal customer base and anybody working with you and people should treat you accordingly, not defend you like you're doing here. Stuff ends, people get fired, shit doesn't work out, that's life. I'm not exactly sure how the "loyal customer base" needs "time to adjust" &gt;You're acting as if Activision Blizzard suddenly *had to* put a stop on it or they would've gone out of business when in reality they chose to delay the announcement until the last minute so they could make a few more bucks from misinformed players. No I'm acting as if AB made a business decision to stop hemorrhaging money on HGC after doing so for ***three years.*** The idea that they "delayed it" so they could sell boosts is silly. &gt;So what? It was still their decision to have boosts be on sale right before making an announcement that significantly affects the perceived value of those boosts. The person authorizing a sale on boosts isn't the same person who has the power to cancel HGC
If you have dozens of different subcontractors and employees its impossible to break the news all at once. The nfl consistently has its cuts and firings spoiled by twitter and thats only a single person
I think sanity goes out the window with any chaos god. But id rather see trippy lights and play tzeentchs games than lose myself to KILL MAIM BURN or eat puss and ooze or do whatever it is slaanesh does
You can make the argument that AB's decision making has been bad recently. But the claim "oh activision is making them do it" makes no sense as they've had the same structure since 2013. No this incompetence is wholly on blizzard. The fact of the matter is they gambled that they could dump a bunch of money into hgc and make it a big boy esport league. That failed so they had to cut it. Ironically had they just never shown that blizzard-esque faith in their game we wouldn't even be having this conversation and hots would simply be chugging along as per normal.
The idea that people solely bough a ticket to blizzcon or a virtual ticket for a d4 announcement is silly. &amp;#x200B; They announced a plethora of other games, had the usual dev panels, shops, game demos, goodie bags, ceremonies, etc etc. They specifically said it wouldn't be D4 because the hype train ***did*** run wild. They ***didn't*** want people expecting D4 they can't control what the community does and they shot their shot at making sure they went into the con knowing it wouldn't be D4. And again Blizzcon tickets typically sell out pretty damn fast, every single year, so that removes a need to "trick" people into thinking D4 would be announced to sell tickets.
looks like blizz getting ddosed or what?
Yea hellgate london was soooooooooo good &amp;#x200B; /sarcasm
They only became demon crazed after cenarious was all like "let none survive!" &amp;#x200B; Edit:Downvotes for the truth? Grom turned to demons blood after Thrall dispatched him to gather lumber so he wouldn't start any squabbles with the humans. While in ashenvale the night elves attacked Grom and he found himself faced with the choice of death or drinking demons blood to kill Cenarious. Maybe if the nelves were like "hey guys hows it going can u please not cut our trees" it'd be different, but it wasn't they were all "shoot first ask questions later" and they almost unwittingly gave azeroth to the legion for being xenophobic assholes.
Man; I really wish Khalil Mack was still on my football team
Yea like those pesky humans Oh fucking wait
Its....beautiful!
You do realize that activision has no ability to "make" anyone the anything of blizzard right? &amp;#x200B; Activision-Blizzard is a coequal company with a shared management structure that bought itself out from vivendi in 2013. If a person who was working at activision transferred to blizzard that means Activision-Blizzard made the transfer not "activision". &amp;#x200B; Activision cannot "make" blizzard do anything anymore than Blizzard can "make" Activision do something
Yes because when you're getting murdered without warning preventing you from carrying out your objective the best bet isn't to avenge your fallen clansmen and to return to your warchief in failure &amp;#x200B;
I mean we could just apply some common sense nuance to the situation.
Nah if you wanna claim to be "the good guys" you don't just murder people for trespassing with no warning
We also have no verification of the cooper thing. Why would thr raiders inform him of their internal deliberations?
What does he have the raiders fo wiretapped?
So we agree then that the trolls were wrongly massacred by the high elves and humans?
I'd have to watch it again but memory tells me he didnt really have a choice
What happened to trufant?
Because they're here because of that war
Man doug marrone looked like a fool for quitting on the bills to be an asssistant for the jags only to look like a genius last year and now I'd daresay he looks the fool again.
I felt like Azshara woulda been a great choice. Horde territory Alliance on the offensive Get to fight over that big gun and of course gobbo shenanigans.
I think you responded to the wrong person
I think you responded to the wrong person
There are serious repercussions. Its called jail.
They won a super bowl in 2016.......
The rumors of hots demise is vastly overdone the game doesnt have much left to iterate on. All we need are hero and map devs
Yes they have, the raiders paid back their share of the obligation for the upgrades to Mt. Davis, the only reason "money is still owed" on it is because the city deferred payment on the loan to spend money elsewhere. The Raiders also pay rent on each and every game they play there and the Colosseum authority gets all the proceeds from parking.
I mean, objectively they could pay him this second Mack's still technically on his rookie contract.
&gt;That's not at all true. The raiders were supposed to sell season tickets to pay back the bond, and they didn't sell enough. The contract said they had to pay the difference for not having sold all the season tickets they promised they would, and they have still yet to. The interest payment has increased the amount higher than they had intended to pay back, but that is the raiders fault for not selling the tickets or paying it back. That's not what happened, the raiders paid ***their share*** of the debt. The PSL sales were to be administered by the city as an option to aid them but the raiders were under no obligation to pay more if they didn't work out. [https://www.sacbee.com/sports/nfl/oakland-raiders/article217879775.html](https://www.sacbee.com/sports/nfl/oakland-raiders/article217879775.html) &gt; Oakland and Alameda County still owe about $75 million for stadium renovations made in 1996 to return the Raiders back to Oakland from Los Angeles. Under the deal with the Coliseum authority, the cost of renovations were to be paid with revenue from the sale of personal seat licenses, and the team was not obligated to pay the debt. Oakland and Alameda County still owe about $75 million for stadium renovations made in 1996 to return the Raiders back to Oakland from Los Angeles. Under the deal with the Coliseum authority, the cost of renovations were to be paid with revenue from the sale of personal seat licenses, ***and the team was not obligated to pay the debt.*** The reason why the debt is as high as it is is because Oakland deferred payments allowing it to rise. &gt; Raiders were fucking them over for that also. From your own article &gt; The Oakland Raiders owe hundreds of thousands of dollars in parking revenue to the **Coliseum stadium authority,** This was settled and paid by the raiders as evidenced by the fact that they played there this year, and were in talks to play there next year until the lawsuit was filed. Oh that lawsuit? Makes no attempt to force the raiders to pay for those upgrades.
Uhh well he also had a year left on his contract and 2 with the tag. We also have no idea that Mack was offered "way below market value" and Gruden probably assumed they'd pay him whatever he wanted.
&gt;Why would we tag him when every other team in the league would've loved the opportunity to pay him? Are you just unfamiliar with the franchise tag or? &gt;Gruden himself said the Bears contract was way beyond what they offered. When?
I'm bored and I felt like picking a fight? Whether or not they pay him this year or next doesn't really change my original point, but everyone sure felt like it did so I figured hey why not lets go all the way and just double down and say they should do it now.
....and the a's
Ugh for the last time it is phyisically impossible to inform hundreds of people in different languages with varying states of relation to blizzard privately and secretly that HGC is being canceled. Be upset that it's canceled but the "I FOUND OUT THROUGH TWITTER" is whatever. NFL teams can't even keep it quiet long enough to inform a single player sometimes.
We you heff to be dat guy Devin?
Im sorry do you own one? Because they are NOT sophisticated enough to differentiate say between the tv and real people.
Hope this never happens in the US uber is meant to be a side gig not your fulltime job. If you wanna drive fulltime get a CDL or a taxi medallion.
If you're a horde druid there's no reason you have to like malf or even like their tree. The night elves grew that tree to give themselves immortality and caused major harm by giving the emerald nightmare a place to take root. Yes eventually it was cleansed and blessed but theres no reason you should "venerate" whats essentially a perversion of nature grown purely for selfish gain. Also Malfurion is very quick to throw away the lives of all the forest spirits for a faction based political squabble. My horde druid aint happy with that and neither should yours.
Well one is leading the horde in a war against their mortal enemies The other is the reason why that war didnt end in a complete and total horde victory and he's asking me to kill more of my comrades in arms so he can jerk off with anduin in a swamp and bloviate about honor Meanwhile brb burying my fellow paladin who got wtfpwnt by a not dead malfurion
&gt;Malf is the first Druid. Everyone has learned druidism from him or fromsomeone who has learned from him (continuing so forth). Not necessarily there are different "schools" of druidism. The trolls for example learned from Gonk furthermore Malf leads a nation that has been at odds with the horde for over a decade that kind of overrides "but he was first" &gt;Have you seen what Forsaken do with conquered landscape? Of course he tried to prevent that, it would have been the only way to save the nature in Darkshore. There's more races in the horde than the forsaken hell trolls orcs and tauren made up the majority of horde forces so this doesnt really have any bearing.
I mean honestly I wouldnt even care if he started the rest of the season. Carr doesnt need to be back there to get murdered by the Broncos and chiefs defenses
What do you want a cookie? Theres no way for blizzard to answer that letter in a satisfying way.
For the majority of fantasies history Nagash was pegged as this uber antagonist. The tk's hated him and even some of the vampires hated him. He also suffered from the abaddon syndrome of trying and failing over and over. But more specifically if you really liked any TK character not named Arkhan you were opposed to Nagash. So to have your army rolled into his just feels.....icky. It'd be like if you were a high elf player and it turned out that Malekith was good and Tyrion was bad all along. Wait they did that too
Lolwut? I was getting 60-120 second hero league ques in gold last night
The FBI doesnt say whether or not they pursue something that was part of the huge hubbub over the Clinton investigation
Do it pussy
Oh yes lets just add another reason why only the rich can afford to be in Congress
This doesnt solve the problem lol rich congressmen would transfer assets to wives or a shell company
Probably because the rest of the world isnt a nation of immigrants with no unique ethnic history shared by a majority of its population.
I mean u gonna post numbers or u gonna bullshit? The majority ethnic population of mexico is mestizo or self identifies as mestizo which is a mix of european and indigenous. The us does not have an indigenous mixture or population larger than its constituent ethnic populations.
And?
This is relevant how?
Uhhh alright then
How the fuck is that not incomplete
I fucking love this Fuck the bronies
Yea fuck people who spent time and love crafting their collections who dont want to run them as "counts as" or have to explain to knew players what that they're legit models
The point of the plan wasnt to "beat" the alliance in terms of a total eradication but eliminate their powerbase in Kalimdor and at the same time drive a wedge among alliance leadership and paralyze their ability to respond. The idea being that the night elves would demand Anduin launch an assault to retake teldrassil whereas Greymane would want him to finally retake Gilneas incensed that the night elves would "cut" in line. Thus with kalimdor secured in its entirety and the alliance unable to respond swiftly the horde could concentrate their forces in Undercity and begin a march to the sea if necessary or simply sit on their bounty and dare the alliance to attack them OR force the alliance to sue for peace in an unleveraged position (for once) thus guaranteeing a long lasting peace (in the hordes mind) As to why saurfang felt it would be relatively bloodless was because both sides would be fighting with a fraction of their potential strength and because neither side had widespread azerite weapons. Saurfang directly says that because of the legion the ability to contest and reinforce breaches in the lines would be greatly diminished.
Or gw can just reintroduce them? Theres nothing stopping them lol same with TKs
Lol I hope your army gets squatted and you have some pretentious asshole telling you that you should just move on and bin them all because asking a company that makes models to make certain models is "whining" As for lines coming back several armies were merged and resplit throughout the lifetime of both universes Inquisition is the first that comes to mind having only been kind of represented by grey knights for nearly 10 years before they got a new stand alone book again Sisters of battle as well spent years toiling as a white dwarf exclusive until they recieved a proper book and soon will recieve proper models The various chaos armies were all merged and unmerged at various points as well as the undead who had a combo armybook that was later split. Its not unusual for gw to not waffle back and forth with their ranges
Hmmmm does this increase or hurt our trade down value?
The guerillas were supposed to be kept in check by holding teldrassil hostage and then the peace treaty negotiated in the aftermath. Again the plan was not to "conquer" as much as it was to force capitulation
"But muh bpa"
Who the fuck picks these pictures of her? Everysingle one is her looking bug eyed or her fucking pissed
This is like 500 places down on the harry potter plothole list. For example why is nobody capable of developing countermeasures to a potion that changes your appearance and why are those not ubiquitous as metal detectors?
Oh good thing the fucking bank has that and not the wizarding school or the fucking government
Ahh yes the memorial passing game of one of the most iconic owners in NFL history totally unmemorable fuck that Al Davis guy call me when Shad Khans memorial game happens.
Is there an out or sonething theyre trying to hit? Dont you typically try and find a replacement before voluntarily moving on from your pseudo frsnchise qb?
Uhoh now who is r/nfl gonna rabidly wish ill will upon?
When your not sure if not being on this list means people like you or ur just irrelevant :(
Whelp thats atleast 2 huge INT's this year caused by a raiders player quitting on their route. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
I dont get it :(
You cannot sign a franchise qb without paying them top money. This narrative is fucking dumb that if he isnt better than brady he needs to take less or money or get cut. Thats not how the fucking market works. I'd rather have Carr sitting as the 12th best qb in the league than trying to get meaningful qb play from fucking Terelle Pryor, Matt McGloin, Matt Flynn, Jason Campbell, or trading 2 1st round picks for fucking Carson Palmer. Theres a deep chasm between Carr and the backups masquerading as starters. Look at the Jags, they were last years bears but Bortles singlehandedly prevented them from doing anything this year. Thats a fucking waste of a talented roster. Same with the broncos no qb means wasting Miller/Chubb/CHJ
True the knee thing really hurt his stock
Its a completely different map and everything its pretty rad
Ill check the army books for both when i get home to see if any major battles took place. I'd wager marienburg deals with them alot
If you put it there with the intent of hurting them than yea. If you regularly bring and eat super spicey food than nah you're fine.
Maybe dont poison people instead of having an uncomfortable conversation?
&gt;How the fuck are they even gonna prove this? Google searches on your web browser for one lol. Testimony from co-workers that you've never brought spicy food Testimony from someone who you talked to saying "Ugh fucking frank ate my food again, tomorrow I'm gonna bring extra spicy food and I hope he eats it and goes to the hospital" &amp;#x200B; You act like every crime doesn't have the ability to be concealed.
"what is the hottest curry possible that is still technically edible" and "what are the limits of \*insert medical condition\*" Is a pretty suspicous thing for a non-curry eater to search shortly before their coworker ate the insanely spicy curry and went to the hospital.
People trying to poison their coworkers?
No because your metrics say that you're getting your work done
You are confusing the ability to hide your crime with whether or not its a crime. &amp;#x200B; You could hide a murder too, that doesn't make murder legal.
&gt;No, I just said it's nearly impossible to prove that someone brought spicy food to work with the intent to harm another person. Yes.......without evidence............like every other crime &gt;And here you are talking about pulling search history and covering up murder. Yes search history would be evidence
Yea, hence why you report that person for theft, not fucking poison them.
&gt;It's not booby trapped if I was going to eat it before you stole it Therein lies the rub; if you regularly eat it and did not bring with intention to harm then you're fine. If you brought it to harm then you're not. &gt;stealing someones food is illegal. So is breaking into someones house, but you can't booby trap it.
The conclusion you're reaching isn't from the cdc.......
If your food isn't safe for the specific person who is stealing your food and you brought it specifically to poison them when they stole your food. Then you poisoned them.
Well see ones a dog whose Express purpose is to not cause bodily harm to another human being And the other is a concept designed to cause bodily harm to another person.
Then why are you responding? If all you wanted to contribute is "a crime has to have evidence in order to be caught " thanks?
Yea better decision is to poison them..........
Because the person it was happening to "deserved it" &amp;#x200B; Humans can be kinda shitty
&gt;How the fuck is making food for yourself and someone else steals it poisoning? If you make food for yourself then you're fine If you make food "for yourself" but actually in the hopes that someone steals it and is hurt by it then that's a booby trap/poisoning &gt;If you have dietary needs dont eat food that isnt yours and you have no clue it was prepared. And if you have your food stolen don't poison people in retaliation &gt;I understand you wanna take the moral high ground but the situation in this comment chain is different than the one in the thread. I mean this isn't a moral high ground thing its simply pointing out that poisoning people is illegal &gt;It's not your responsibility to make sure you prepare your food in case someone with dietary needs steals it. It's not an allergy or a contamination issue. See that's the thing, you are making an assumption here that you made food, and with no intent to do harm had someone steal it and get hurt because in this weirdass hypothetical this guy can't handle spicy food because of stomach issues. Legally you would be fine in this situation. However lets say this person has been stealing your lunch for weeks, you knew every tuesday they'd steal your lunch so this day you brought your lunch but made sure it was absolutely the spiciest food around, like you put an entire bottle of ghost pepper sauce in it. Because your intent by doing that was the food thief would eat it and then would get sick because of it. That's poisoning.
&gt;Ftfy. If it's (reasonably) edible and I can eat it (no allergies etc.) you wouldn't have a case. As long as you knew and specifically prepared it because you knew your would be food thief would be injured by eating it, then its a booby trap and illegal. &gt;Completely normal, normally trained dog that doesn't take kindly to strangers entering the house alone; what then? Then its not a booby trap? Its a dog defending its home? Let me clarify, are you arguing against the idea that a ***booby trap*** should be illegal? For example do you think you should be able to rig a shotgun, pointed at say your front door, that will fire whenever someone opens it when you aren't home?
Wouldn't this make sense given Key's "speed rush" skillset? You'd want a more reliable guy against the run for non 3rd down situations.
To buck the trend &amp;#x200B; We signed practically no veteran starter quality DE's &amp;#x200B; Before the draft our DE's were Arden Key (a pass rush specialist) and Benson Mayowa (journeyman depth) our projected starters are both rookies from our draft
Thats the fucking point They're just fucking people, with dreams, likes, boredoms, etc And yet because they wear red theyre gonna get ashed by a dragon without discrimination. Thats the exact kinda shit Sapkowski filled his books with.
Yea it'd be like if they put boromir from lord of the rings in game of thrones. Totally out place!
This is too circumstance specific for anyone online to answer for you. But essentially your bar to clear is that the retaliation has no other logical explanation. Accomodating 2 other employees seems to be a logical explanation unless you feel otherwise.
Him and half this sub....
This from the same man whose take on beauty and the beast includes multiple women coming to the beast out of patriarchal fear and staying for his monster cock.
What about them? Unless they have a proscribed policy to handle this they arent following a business is well within its rights to alter schedules To show retaliation you have to show that its targeted solely at you,unusual, and directly related to whatever you did. If schedule changes are common (not just for you but the company overall) or new hires/growth is causing changes those are legit business reasons. Retalation isnt a get out of a jail free card. Think of it this way if you reported your boss for a huge osha violation and they got fined, does that give you carte blanche to not do your job under the guise of retaliation?
You know what will keep him.happy and motivated? His coach and qb calling him.a bitch to the media
Lol yea just like Ian McShane was to have the guy from deadwood get a grip dude
Unfortunately they do not claim allegiance to the current alliance government
Isnt that a tad.....shortsighted? If these employees could obtain more gainful employment wouldnt they?
I'm not sure how this is relevant to mine or the above's comment? I don't think the point of unionizing is to make everyone lose their job.
Wait what? Orks build effigies and shrines to gork (or possibly mork) literally everywhere they go
&gt;For most adults the limiting factor with this hobby is time This so much, I have an entire unpainted Night Lords army.
I don't think bugs would be wrels primary job nor do I think the game shouldn't have necessary gameplay changes because "well if we increase this guns damage it for some reason breaks infiltrators, so better just never buff that gun"
The irony here is while I don't condone Hunt's actions, what he did was several orders of magnitude better than Hill.
There's basically two ways of doing it &amp;#x200B; Either A:You only get awarded the other sides legal fees in extreme cases or B:You always get awarded the other sides legal fees &amp;#x200B; In case A which is what the US typically uses this allows frivolous lawsuits because you wont be on the hook to pay for someones high priced lawyer &amp;#x200B; In Case B which is what I believe the UK and most european nations do it can have a chilling effect because a "little guy" will be afraid to sue a "big guy" and potentially lose because that means they'd be paying millions for some corporations lawyer fee's. &amp;#x200B; Neither method adequately addresses the issue of legal fee's surpassing initial damages and being used as a deterrent imho.
Real talk my theory is title IX and the way we do sports here in the US. &amp;#x200B; In other countries private independent clubs and teams make up the vast majority of "serious" sporting, the kids who go on to play for other countries national teams if you're a man start playing at those clubs when they're 5. Imagine Marshawn Lynch playing for the Oakland Raiders 7 and Under squad and aging up all the way until the pro leagues. Here in the US high schools and colleges fill that niche and thanks to title IX they have to develop serious women's counterparts to all men's sports. Whereas in other countries there is no similar law forcing sports clubs to do this or if there is it is nowhere near as heavy handed and equitable as title IX is. Then because most clubs and matches are independent associations whose primary goal is making money even when there are women's teams, their matches are barely attended and therefore not a lucrative alternative to focusing on mens sports. Thus because there is no real "end game" for womens athletics beyond international tournaments like the womens world cup or the olympics there is no inbuilt industry around developing young female athletes. Meanwhile in the US thanks to title IX you have free college being thrown around which has created an extremely viable and profitable industry of developing young female atheletes with the "endgame" being free college. Then once they're in college they're competing in national competitions with nationally televised events and thanks to the nature of schools as a business any sort of accomplishment those women's teams achieve is heavily promoted and invested in and once they're out of college they have reasonably profitable womens pro leagues to keep them busy and employed OR the private coaching industry to tide them over inbetween international events. &amp;#x200B; On the flipside its also why the USMNT kind of sucks. MLS and Soccer in general at pretty much every level is a distant 5th behind Football, Baseball, Basketball, and Hockey so if you're a world class athlete you're trying 3 maybe 4 sports before you even look at Soccer. It's why Klinsmans last recruiting approach was to try and essentially find soccer players who grew up in other countries who just so happened to have dual citizenship.
Yea its always amusing that the "evasion" ability morphed into them being crazy parkour assassin ninjas. When Illidan came out in HOTS I was like.............this isn't want DH's did in WC3
I mean.....you realize this is like listening to a jilted lover right? Im not saying either is right or wrong but you cant just assume everything here is true
Real talk does anyone have more upsets than the giants? Im legit curious
&gt;"he isn't even getting paid to be President, he refused the salary!" Didn't he have to get called on it too? Like he was totally gonna take it till someone pointed it out?
The dwarves as most of us knew them \_are\_ pushed into the background. Fyreslayers are not the slayers of old, Kharadon Overlords are not the dwarves of old. Same with empire. Yes Dispossessed and Freeguild exist but its the same state that Brettonia, Beastmen and Wood Elves were in for much of 8th, it's hard to enjoy something that's outdated when everyone else has the new hotness. I'd rather they release proper updates for the model ranges some of us have had for 2 decades than come up with these weird "technically part of" spin offs.
Honestly I think 8-8 is the ceiling this year, I think if Burfict starts it will be because of injury and I think Incognito will be a solid stopgap guard.
Oh my indeed, you got called on spreading outright lies and now you have nothing to say. And you were talking all that shit earlier too.
Why not try to encourage people into either being in or listening to voice? So many of my lost games could have been won with some very basic coordination and more and more I'm finding the difference to be "we ran around like chickens with our heads cut off and they knew how to focus one target" If you're going to play ranked, you should be in voice, I'm surprised they don't force it tbqh.
According to half the coaches and commentators in the league Tom Cable apparently Kill me
I've no idea what revenue they expect the mandate to raise but with an approximate 3 million in uninsured Californians a penalty of $500 (I have no idea what the actually penalty amounst is) could raise an additional 1.5 billion dollars, even if you assume the number gets cut in half that's essentially a billion dollars combined with the funding provided already to go towards these premiums.
I'm okay with being suspended or banned from the league because you or your spouse were beating your child so much that you have to have CPS take the kid away after you plead guilty to punching that childs mother repeatedly in the stomach while she was pregnant with him.
I wondered this too but that's a little too tin foil for me. I wonder if a doctor could chime in if breaks really are easy to tell like that.
True but even a ping or text chat isn't quick enough sometimes, if we're mid fight I can call for retreat or change focus or what have you. Pings aren't clear enough and text leaves me a sitting duck.
I wouldn't give a fuck if Derek Carr, Antonio Brown, and all 3 of our first round picks had to be cut because they beat their wives/kids. Football is entertainment, and my enjoyment is ruined watching a wifebeater be paid millions of dollars and having success on the field.
Is a loon, but thus far hasn't put hands on wife/child etc AFAIK also answer the fucking question you coward &gt; Would you just throw your hands up and say "well yknow I would want him off my team but then the browns might sign him so uhhh sorry Ma'm but he catches touchdowns, try and curl up and protect your vitals"
So the answer is no then? Because OJ got acquitted
Lol nice
And what about the most obvious one? Shes trying to not lose her meal ticket
They couldn't arrest him because they couldn't determine who put the welts on him. Hill and His Fiancee then stonewalled the investigation and refused to say who did it. &amp;#x200B; So either Hill did it or She did it &amp;#x200B; Either way Hill is scum for either protecting her (unlikely) or he did it.
I decided to stay loyal to Sylv out of protest for Blizz's atrocious writing, oh so we're doing Garrosh 2.0? Well fuck you I'm going down with the ship then.
Because you're doing it to cause a rebellion just like last time...... Dont know why youre pretending its anything else
What? Thats the whole point of the show dude, thats the literal game of thrones.
Does the USMNT play against the same players the USWNT team does?
Lolwhat
Shamans for windfury crits ez choice for me
\*Bronco's Player to Gruden after catching a 1st down infron of him\* "UH-OH, UH-OHHHHHHH" Gruden:"SHUT THE FUCK UP"
I mean you jest but this is kind of the "classic" raiders formula, good but not great QB, league leading WR, thumper defense, the only missing ingredient is a dynamic running back; which hopefully Jacobs is.
Ehh Mark's a fine owner, without him we don't have the 12-4 season and he made the right move on shit canning JDR, he has the right sense of "stay out of it" and "intervene when necessary"
Owner moving his team to a new market wanted a national tv show the first year in new market as opposed to last in the old market &amp;#x200B; More at 11
I'm gonna go with Khalil Mack
I mean I thought that's what the whole questing bit+ 2 raids I did was for. I didn't realize that saving the Zandalari from Ghuun and Zul was worth less than helping some merchants pick up crates.
who gives a fuck about a "deposit" what if he \_did\_ pay a deposit and this is the remaining balance?
&gt;if they were qualified for that position And what makes someone qualified? That's the issue here, its easy to hind behind "muh qualifications" but if those "qualifications" inherently weed out any non-whites are they really necessary for the job and should the police hold firm to them?
Oh hold on let me just whip out my comprehensive research of every police department in america's hiring practices \*eyeroll\* &gt; But the fact that mostly white people apply and mostly white people pass is not racist. It could also be things like recruiting methods, access to study materials, personal networks, etc &gt;Correlation doesn't equal *causation*. I'm failing to see the relevance here, if you two officers, who both perform their job adequately and both or due for a promotion but you have a test that seemingly only the white officers past, what the fuck is the point of this test?
Wait what? That's ludicrous lol. &amp;#x200B; Texans:Hey lawyer we wanna fire Brian Lawyer:Cool go for it Texans:Is there anything we should look out for in taking this action? Lawyer:Nah you're contract is solid Texans:Cool \*texans fire gaine\* Lawyer:Oh yea I forgot to mention that he has an eeoc complaint.
Discovery is Action-Trek, similar to the TNG movies. &amp;#x200B; I miss Show-Trek &amp;#x200B; I think my favorite episode of this season was the encounter with the giant space creature of infinite knowledge, because that felt like actual Trek.
And then just have no minority candidates for 20 years or possibly ever? Or hey we could just idk change this arbitrary measure that seems to favor a certain race.
&gt; Testing people to make sure they meet requirements for a job is racist now? If your test passes mostly one race and less of other races than yes &gt; So we should just lower requirements so anyone and everyone can pass with ease no matter what their background or education? Or perhaps change how we evaluate what constitutes "meeting job requirements" I'm not sure many criminals have asked a police officer to sit down for a timed written exam &gt;Fucking hell, what kind of world are we moving into. Anyone can do any job, because muh feelings. A world where people can see arbitrary measures that favor one group over another and point it out.
I'm going off where in the article it said Pope's lawyer contacted the Texans counsel before the Texans fired gaine. &gt; Pope's attorney, N. Lucy Chukwurah, told Wilson she disputed the Texans' stance because the team's legal counsel had become aware of the complaint in the days before Gaine was fired.
No but I'm certain the PD doesn't want to just have no minority cops/promoted officers while they identify whatever it is that's filtering out minorities.
&gt; Why not? They should want the best currently available cops while working on fixing the underlying issues, period. Because we have no guarantee that this "test" or what have you impacts or predicts the quality of officer with any meaningful distinction. Police leadership seems confident that candidates with a curved score can perform their duties. &gt;Also, I doubt the PD is the one who can fix it. Local politicians and a decade or two of waiting afterward more like. Since it's more about things like resources for parents, school funding, extracurricular programs, etc. Hence the point, the PD can't just wait for years because of it.
&gt;Unless the exam is testing some sort of cultural knowledge, being white or non-white isn't going to change the exam difficulty. The tests are for physical abilities and knowledge, with exam material subjects being stated well ahead of time. Every exam is different and can be biased in its own way. For example I know I've passed classes I shouldn't have because the final was a multiple choice. If it was say an essay exam I'd be screwed, but it was multiple choice, so I passed. &gt;The disparity isn't in the test itself. It's the difference in the time and money that can be spent preparing for it. No not really check out this article [https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/07/why-poor-schools-cant-win-at-standardized-testing/374287/](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/07/why-poor-schools-cant-win-at-standardized-testing/374287/) All arbitrary measures have some sort of selection bias. &gt;It's literally a [standardized national exam](https://nationaltestingnetwork.com/publicsafetyjobs/ntn-test-law.cfm) that tests for skills required to do the job. It's not a maybe. Is this supposed to make me believe that it's not biased in anyway or that it's magically required and necessary to be a good cop? If anything this is worse because its a national level there's no way it can accurately account for the knowledge-base of an entire nation. &gt;Gaming a test still requires actual knowledge. It can give you a boost, but it's not going to let you pass without knowing the material. Either way, the ability and skills to do that aren't tied to race, so it's not a major issue for equality. Yes, a boost, lets say knowing how to game it represents a 25% boost. That's the difference between a "c" and "A" or a "c" and an "f"
&gt;Do you have any metric for it giving bad results other than you don't see as many of a certain ethnicity promoted? Do you have a metric for it giving good results other than the fact that it exists? &gt;I assume you meant that you wanted to observe them in the position that they are trying to get promoted to. I am certain they are already observed in some manner in their current job. But it is still different roles and there is no certainty that a good sergeant would become a good lieutenant, and that's where the test comes in to check if the required knowledge is there. Wait so you can't possibly determine if a sargeant would make a good lieutenant by reviewing their work but a scantron can? Hogwash &gt;Oh, okay that makes more sense. That would also test their pedagogic ability which would be a positive if they need to teach in the role they are applying for, and if that is not needed then it wouldn't be a good test. And I'm not sure timed standardized test taking is useful for really any kind of police officer duties. Again don't see many perps handing out scantrons or judges asking a lieutenant to real quick fill out a scantron before he can sentence a criminal. &gt;A better analogy would be that you hired someone who is an expert in making cakes to bake the cake for your wife and it is unknown if she will like it or not (unless you have a metric proving a poor correlation between test score and performance). Do you have a metric proving good correlation between test score and performance? Or that say a black officer who scored 20% worse on their test than a white officer is 20% worse at being a lieutenant than the white officer?
Biggest regret of my school days was not getting off my ass and taking classes at the Walter Cronkite school. &amp;#x200B; For those unfamiliar with ASU I was on the tempe(main) campus, the walter cronkite school is located at the downtown phoenix campus which is a 20-30 drive depending on traffic
The same reason there are people who ignore safewords or only pretend to do aftercare etc. &amp;#x200B; Some people are assholes.
You must remember that these would be the high society the 1% with means, money and power. Not every french peasant who liked some BDSM (if they'd even be able to contextualize their desires) had a complex pulley system haha.
This will be the fun part of the NFL, do you risk going back to QB roulette or do you have pay a satisfactory QB simply because he isn't abject trash?
We get it reddit, everyone is shit and no historical figure should be venerated, especially not the ones from non-western nations.
&gt;What would you say is the point of these evaluations? Don't really know as I wouldn't personally include a written exam for promotion reasons &gt;Project 100,000 wasn't about special needs people, they simply loosened acceptance standards w/[r/t](https://www.reddit.com/r/t/) intelligence, weight, physical fitness, and so on. Police Departments are already starting out with much lower standards for entrance than the military. This is about promoting already hired officers........... &gt;It's not like we don't have examples of unqualified officers, who were given a free pass do to diversity considerations, making deadly mistakes. Mohamed Noor in Minneapolis for example. And before you offer you're oh-so-predictable response that other police shootings have happened where the officer wasn't a diversity hire - yes, I know, but less competent officers will lead to this happening more. "free pass" careful you almost gave up the game there.
Kael'thas
This is such a weird take lol yea we blew up your fleet and invaded your city but we said surrender so it's not our fault if you don't and we kill you. &amp;#x200B; At this point "look what you made me do" is the alliance mantra
The irony here, is that the alliance played the role of japan, and the siege of dazar'alor pearl harbor. The zandalari had not joined the horde yet, the alliance launched a pre-emptive assault to ***sink the zandalari fleet*** and prevent them from joining the war. The USA had not joined the war yet, Japan launched a pre-emptive assault to ***sink the US fleet*** and prevent them from joining the war. Should the US commanders at pearl harbor have surrendered to Japan? Let them them blow up the pacific fleet?
&gt;the japanese didnt make landfall, surround the pearl harbor base and demand unconditional surrender though. its not the same. Oh so because the Japanese didn't win hard enough Pearl Harbor isn't okay? I'm just trying to understand here, they should have killed ***more soldiers*** and ***more civilians*** and then the attack would have been the US's fault? &gt;also, a bunch of the US fleet was out to sea. And the vast majority of Zandalari and Horde forces were at the diversionary attack in Naz'mir.
&gt;Not actively participating in combat. Zandalari were &gt; &gt;actively &gt; &gt; participating in combat actions prior to the Alliance attacking their capital. Which ones?
Okay so Rastakhan says "I surrender" and then what Anduin says "okay buddy cya?" Really?
But.....wouldnt coming back show them the value of listening?
If you don't understand how individuals can act outside the sanction of their governments idk how to help you. I guess in your opinion the alliance is at war with itself whenever they fight the defias or the scarlet crusade
Well aslong as Calia Menethil isn't there helping a defection of government officials.........no?
&gt;how Zul started wars Yes Zul, not the Zandalari government Remind me again, where's Zul during dazaralor? &amp;#x200B; ahh yea he's dead after he declared war on the Zandalari government
What? We have evidence all over the place of horde races joining neutral groups like the Argent Dawn, Earthen Ring, Cenarion Circle, etc etc &amp;#x200B; We also have evidence of them joining outlaw groups as well. &amp;#x200B; The issue was up until the meeting in BTS most humans saw the undead as monsters. &amp;#x200B; But they could go wherever they wanted Y'know like that one guy Alonsus Faol who was ***with Anduin and the alliance.***
&gt;Again you're going in circles and avoiding the point completely because you don't have anything. What? You're the one avoiding it with your "any forsaken who leaves undercity will get murdered by sylvanas" nonsense &gt; Alonsus Faol hasn't even been a member of the Forsaken as they exist in the game so whatever point you are trying to prove you are going nowhere. No shit but he's still a member of the Forsaken ***race*** which proves the point that Forsaken are allowed to leave the horde. And before you go on some weird "well he's special nobody else is" Here's anduin and faol seperately referring to the fact that there are ***forsaken*** priests who belong to the order of the netherlight temple. &gt;“I’ll tell you what. I’ll talk with the rest of the Forsaken priests and get their opinions. We can begin to lay the groundwork for this.” &amp;#x200B; &gt;I saw Forsaken priests speaking not only with tauren and trolls but with dwarves and draenei. So yea, all Parqual had to do was not attempt to defect while a governor of the forsaken with Calia fucking Menethil and he could have done whatever he wanted.
&gt;The Alliance's right to hold Talanjii does not matter, there you go again bringing up things that are completely tangential to your claim. Even if they were 100% wrong in holding her an attack on Stormwind is an act of war Committed by the ***Horde*** who actually declared war, unlike the Zandalari. &gt; Helping the party that did the attack is an act of war. Oh yea they should have just stayed in their cells and did nothing \*eyeroll\* &gt; They were at war before that, but even if you pretend they weren't that would then be the start of the war Zul and Talanji freeing themselves from the alliance stockades is an act of war by the Zandalari government? That's not how declaring war works especially as both weren't acting under the sanction of said government. &gt; Sure the Zandalari have a fleet but guess what it didn't save them when they got stomped Yea surprise attacks by people you don't think you're at war with have a habit of doing that. &gt; which wouldn't have happened if Rastakhan said "Thanks for my daughter now leave." Why is that? Could it be the zandalari weren't at war with the alliance? &gt; Because being at war does not mean they need to constantly be attacking I mean you need to do it like..........atleast once, which didn't happen...........cuz they weren't at war &gt; You can eyeroll all you want but unless you have evidence that the events of the SW prison breakout was actually just a vivd dream the players are experiencing you have nothing. I played through that several times, didn't see a single soldier of Rastakhans there under his orders.
Alonsus Faol had nothing to do with the events in Arathi? Also good job ***avoiding*** the question on whether or not a forsaken can leave the horde. &amp;#x200B; So just to sum it up. Had Anduin ***actually*** wanted peace and not just ***when it suited him*** there'd be reunited Forsaken/Human families and ***peace*** throughout Azeroth. &amp;#x200B; To bad he only seeks it when suits him. Just as Sylvanas said.
No you haven't lol. If you're exiled from a country you dont act as an official representative of their government.
And then in like a day he declares war on the zandalari government and leads a rebellion. So what redress would the alliance be seeking with a war on the Zandalari government? What would the alliance be fighting over? Hey we really dont like what that guy who rebelled against you did so we're at war now? &amp;#x200B; That makes no sense, there was no war between the Zandalari Government and the Alliance
Unfortunately some people have multiple rows as they have multiple records. &amp;#x200B; So for example its like &amp;#x200B; Person A-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person A-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person A-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person A-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person A-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person B-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person B-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person B-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person B-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person B-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person C-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person D-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount Person D-Adress-Phone-Purchase date-Purchase Amount The issue being that each person doesn't have a uniform number of rows.
IIRC Witch Hunters stamping out worship of Ulric in favor of Sigmar. This pitted Altdorf against Middenheim and helped cause the great civil war known as the age of the three emperors.
I feel like they made some radical changes in favor of HGC, but now that HGC is dead we're still stuck with these changes that were made specifically for the progame.
If the raiders defense ranks higher than 20th theyll be better than any year we had Mack. Which is kind of a weird measurement but it's what everyone will be comparing this kid to.
Exactly this, if you're gonna mix? Fucking 9 dollar handle from the bottom shelf, anything else is a waste. UNLESS specifically selected for cocktail reasons. But I don't consider 1 mixer 1 spirit a cocktail.
This is me, trynna grab sauza for frozen margaritas but the wife making me shell out double for Cuervo X.X
TL;DR the stars have to help and also this guy in the 70s was important because he made the players be seen as workers. Thats pretty much it
Hey we all know that 2 weeks of mindlessly grinding dungeon after dungeon with half your abilities and obtaining gear that will have absolutely no value to you once you hit level cap is an extremely important part of the game for..........reasons. And don't you dare think about doing more than the first half of Borean Tundra or Jade Forest, but make sure you regrind the exact same leveling experience you just completed for having the temerity to want to play more than one class.
What? Why would an outlaw not poison his weapons?
Truth, best revise that to 4 weeks.
Lol so wait "win now" doesnt include a superbowl?
This is the coldest of takes
Didn't this happen in a bills-seahawks game? &amp;#x200B; Richard Sherman was offsides in a meaningless end of half FG so he just blew the kicker up? &amp;#x200B; [https://ftw.usatoday.com/2016/11/seahawks-bills-referees-bad-calls-monday-night-football](https://ftw.usatoday.com/2016/11/seahawks-bills-referees-bad-calls-monday-night-football)
Yes lets just conveniently forget that the ease of immigration has varied greatly and many of our immigrant ancestors came over when the rule was "dont be carrying a plague and you can come in"
Agreed everything dies so fucking fast
Hes all,"fukn raider nat'n i aint even got gear on"
That whole time i was like Wait what the fuck doesnt he have a football game tonight?
Blame everyone on this sub losing their goddamn minds because a player spit truth.
I mean in gaming specifically there's a strong customer component as well. This place would practically riot if they pushed the classic release back 3 months or something "to work on bugs"
The only bit I didn't like was a public school principle getting "owned" by a teenager mentioning body shaming, I suppose its possible if it was like his first year on the job but other than that lol.
It's possible that Jules was more focused on "holy shit he has a family!" and not "I'm gonna memorize each of these faces"
&gt;"it's child porn" I think this is one of the clever criticisms of the show, we have child porn laws that aren't exactly built for the reality of our world. I don't think teens/whatever should be allowed to make porn, but I also don't think they should be hit with CP charges for taking nudes of themselves or receiving them.
I really hope they give us some true unreliable narrator moments with her.
FIREY ROCKS CAN'T MELT WATERY FALLS &amp;#x200B; DONT BELIEVE THE LIES PEOPLE TELDRASSIL WAS AN INSIDE JOB! &amp;#x200B; N'zoth for president 2020
Alliance draws White Knights Horde draws edgelords Both sides are mostly normal people who don't ***really*** care that much but it is funny to see which undesirables congregate on which side.
Yea I'm sure somesort of experts can come up with whatever the specific numbers should be, whether that's 13+ and within 3 years or what. I remember being 18 and being in a car with my then 17 year old girlfriend (who I'd been with since I was 16) making out in a car in a parking lot when a cop rolled up on us and was like "move it along" and then after he checked our ID's looked me dead in the eyes and was like "a different cop could have ruined your life, find somewhere private until she's 18" and prosecutorial discretion is great and all but it shouldn't be relied upon.
You're viewing property in the rhetorical/literal/philosophical sense while the above refers to property in the legal sense. People and property are vastly different in the legal sense.
It's because of the concept of executive privilege, and it has been used by nearly every president as an excuse to not comply with congressional oversight (with various amount of legality) in modern times. The US legal system is slow, the courts don't want to interfere in whats currently a political fight.
Do you really think the reaction would be different if your personal disagreements with what he said were reversed?
People who expect a psyhco ex boyfriend to stalk them, break into their house, and torture them I guess.
Just give her "hope against hope" as a 1. Auriels next heal costs health instead of energy. 60s cd. Cannot be used if auriel has any energy.
There's a very strong sentiment among some football fans that punters and kickers aren't real football players and thus aren't allowed to be popular. King got popular so he pissed those people off. You would see threads and comments here everyday with people bitching about his twitter posts which mainly consisted of him having some harmless fun like punting sheetcakes. &amp;#x200B; Then he went to the pro bowl and posted the picture of Talib and him and everyone here started some hood rat shit about how they would totally beat up Talib in real life if they saw him Then michael crabtree benched himself in the last game of the season, wasn't talking to carr, and started a brawl after taping his chain to his chest because Talib was so in his fucking head that he couldn't do his job. So after Crabtree literally quit on the team our fanbase collectively decided that we were still going to "ride or die" over this stupid chain shit. Then Gruden was hired and King made a joke on NFLN about Gruden being "the guy from tv" (because king was fucking 10 the last year gruden coached) so Gruden cut him without meeting him to "set the tone". Then Cordarelle Patterson had an interview where when asked about kings personality he said he was "out there" and "like a diva but not" which people here took to mean he was a locker room cancer. Then after feeling wronged by Gruden for being cut King who signed with the Broncos made a video punting a chuckie doll after the first loss to the Broncos in Mile High. Then after being injured King got cut and here we are he has since posted text apology to Gruden. The dude is still likely a top 5 punter and we should definitely inquire about his services considering our replacement was flat out the worst punter in the league. For those of you interested in how much worse than King Townsend was on his career average vs Townsends average giving them the same amount of punts Marquette King will pin the opposing team back 400 yards further per year and IIRC he also still technically leads the league in punts downed inside the 10 (which is an unofficial stat so its hard to find). &amp;#x200B; But hey he made light of a chain snatching of a player that isn't even on our team anymore and exited the team under a dark cloud so we should stick with the worst punter in the league.
Raiders Fans:Richie Incognito will be fine, he was a team player. Also Raiders Fans:King posts videos, fuck him.
According to Pat Macafee punters are generally given the ability to audible to a fake if they see an uncovered gap, that, combined with the state of that game when he did it and the ineptitude of Jack Del Rio as a coach doesn't really bother me.
He was our punter for what 4 years and did it twice? Relax &amp;#x200B; Worked out pretty well during the Jags game
If by somebody at Blizzard you mean the huge portion of the fanbase that moaned about world pvp for every xpac then yes.
DS9 probably could have toned down their hamfisted "candleholding" a tad bit. I didn't see star fleet using child soldiers to stage a military coup dark or compelling, i saw it pretty dumb as fuck. Also I'm not exactly sure how tricorders and other medical sensors work, but I'm gonna assume they're sophisticated enough to approximate the ole knife palm cut.
&gt;At what point would it be reasonable for people waiting through the lengthy official process to just say "fuck this" and enter unofficially? IIRC we passed this point somewhere around 2004.
Unfortunately most Blood Elf societal lore has remained frozen since TBC and while it would be in character for TBC era magisters to restrict access to only Blood Elfs I believe it would be more in character for current era blood elves to allow non-blood elf apprentices.
Yea and people kept acting like I was wrong for turning on him as soon as we traded him. Fuck that nonsense.
Brief transcription because this is just nuts &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Judge 1:What would you say is your strongest argument \[for why this appealed court ruling is too broad\]? Justice Department Lawyer:I would say its when you start enumerating specific hygene items and the way that was done the court sort of enumerated these and said these fall under the rubric, these fall under the- Judge 2 Interjecting: Again it wasn't proof tier soap it was......soap \*incredulous chuckling\* it wasn't high class milled soap it was......soap \*time cut to judge 3\* Judge 3:It's within everbodies common understanding that you, if you don't have a toothbrush, if you don't have soap, if you don't have a blanket, then its not safe and sanitary \[which is the legal requirement the government says they meet but is overly broad\] wouldn't everybody agree to that? Do you agree to that? Justice Department Lawyer:Well I think its- Well I think those are- There are fair- Reason to find that those things may be a part of safe and sanitary- Judge 3 interjecting:Not may be, ARE, those things ARE apart of safe and sanitary. Why are you saying may be? You mean there are circumstances where a person may not need to have a tooth brush,toothpaste and soap, for days? Justice Department Lawyer:Well I think in CBP custody its frequently indended to be much shorter terms so it may be that for a shorter term stay in CBP custody that these items may not be required- Judge 2 Interjecting:Yea but this wasn't the situation that the court was confronted with, I mean it wasn't as though those people were there for 12 hours and then moved on to the hilton hotel, no they were there for a fairly sustained period and atleast according to the evidence that the judge believed that they weren't getting these things for a fairly sustained period. &amp;#x200B; So TL;DR the government here is basically appealing saying that its conditions are fine and that more doesn't need to be done and that it isn't in violation of anything because they have aluminum blankets and no hygiene products are necessary to create a safe and sanitary condition.
Blood Elves just got heritage armor though? And the class armor sets from legion were all class focused?
What the actual fuck? This has to be the worst hot take in the history of hot takes.
Fuck Jack Del Rio
Not genetics, but systemic encouragement from a young age with guaranteed prospects for success. &amp;#x200B; For other countries each player basically has to have a different job, but for say the US a gifted female soccer player can obtain a free university education and steady employment among a pro club and year round employment with the USWNT. Then once retired they can coach at a relatively well paid position for a university team. Conversely it's also why the USMNT sucks because gifted male athletes play Basketball, Football, Baseball or Hockey.
Or yknow we could just not have a broken system. But ayy some lucky lottery winners made it through therefore gotta keep it the same
Jaina and Thrall are finally gonna get together like they should have lol &amp;#x200B; Joking aside we better have a world bending-esque twist because I'll vomit in mouth if I have to do a "siege of thunderbluff" where I as a horde player systematically tear the hordes military and generals apart because I have been forced to side with the ~~alliance~~ the true horde.
&gt;nobody ever heard of him before. I love how he always throws this in there because its clearly the most important thing to him.
That was my take away from the "bill murray story" documentary. This dude is just intruding and making himself the center of attention and people are kinda just rolling with it it cuz......well he's famous?
And I'm sure every coach would prefer it if they could keep their current salaries and they played to empty stadiums with no TV coverage and the only things the "fans" ever found out about were box scores distributed quarterly in the newspaper and stats tracked by number as in Green Bay Packers # 89 had 4 catches for 60 yards and a td
There are no whatabouts or strawmans I said football by its nature is entertainment and covered and we shouldn't impede attempts to increase those items because of "disruptions" and that any coach who lost a game because of said "disruptions" deserved to be fired You said it had to be disruptive and negative for teams because coaches are resistant to hard knocks I responded by saying coaches would remove all entertainment and coverage from football if they could The fact remains however that the idea of a few extra cameras being around causing a team to lose games is ludicrous. "Oh I was going to catch that touchdown pass but I've never met that camera guy I saw in walkthroughs before curse you hard knocks!" Double points for this argument being nonsense because the proposal in question is to follow both teams, so unless you want to try and argue that both teams will be so "disrupted" they'll double forfeit I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Again this topic is very........divorced from the lore reality. First off to prevent confusion I'm just going to use "elves" as blood elves and high elves are the same race with different political alliances. Elves have been depicted with a variety of "eye colors" throughout warcrafts history. For example this WC3 model of Kael'thas depicts him with white pupiless eyes [http://classic.battle.net/war3/images/human/units/portraits/bloodmage.gif](http://classic.battle.net/war3/images/human/units/portraits/bloodmage.gif) Similarly the elven spellbreaker also has white eyes [http://classic.battle.net/war3/images/human/units/portraits/spellbreaker.gif](http://classic.battle.net/war3/images/human/units/portraits/spellbreaker.gif) Now curiously the elven priest has glowing blue eyes despite current lore telling us his eyes should be yellow [https://img.fireden.net/v/image/1465/78/1465784283283.gif](https://img.fireden.net/v/image/1465/78/1465784283283.gif) Here's also the model for Sylvanas which also has white eyes [https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/wowwiki/images/7/7b/Sylvanas-windrunner.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/178?cb=20091029180245](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/wowwiki/images/7/7b/Sylvanas-windrunner.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/178?cb=20091029180245) Now we can sort of casually say "well WC3 was WC3 and things have changed" which is fair but I feel its important to show how the gameplay doesn't always matchup with the lore. Directly regarding the cause of green eyes in elves we have this answer from Blizzard &gt;The situation regarding blood elf eyes is, in fact, extremely similar to that of the green skin of orcs: just being around heavy use of fel magic turned the eyes of the blood elves green. You could be the most pious of priests or most outdoorsy of Farstriders, chances are, if you were a high elf in Quel'Thalas or Outland following the Third War, you were around fel energies, and your eyes would turn green. Like the orcs' skin color, such an effect would take a very long time to wear off. Fel magic works a bit like radiation in this sense; it permeates the area and seeps into anything in the vicinity. Anything near a source of fel magic shows signs of slight corruption, it just so happens that high elves and orcs manifest it in a very visual way. So here's the thing, lorewise this means its possible for a "high elf" to have green eyes and for a "blood elf" to have blue or other colored eyes. Shadow of the Sun depicts a high elven lodge (which was later destroyed in the cataclysm) that remained more or less in the quel'thalas region, but not affiliated with the government of Silvermoon. All of those "high elves" would have green eyes. Similarily it would be possible for an elf who wasnt around quel'thalas at the time of the 3rd war, such as Kael'thas who was in Dalaran, or say just a random elf on vacation in Stormwind, to be poltically a blood elf, but maintain their original eye color altogether. &amp;#x200B; As such there's no real reason to have every blood elf have green eyes, and every high elf have blue eyes, other than gameplay expedience and as opposed to lore demarcation.
I hope he sits out lol
According to Metzen he has nothing to do with the story anymore and it's all Afrasiabi's work, now how far in advance they planned this out is unknown but it'd be odd for him to lie about it.
I think the honest truth is the "genocide" references in Elegy weren't/wasn't the opinion of the in game writing staff and if it was that angle has since been done away with similar to the garrosh is a good guy in stonetalon thing.
&gt; He had Zandalar military support No he didn't &gt; the King didn't distance himself from Zul He exiled him &gt; Also Zandalar who didn't work under Zul also attacked both Horde and Alliance. No they didn't as there are zandalari quest givers for zul gurub for both the alliance and the horde &gt; Technically the Horde also was at war with the Zandalar until BFA, but Blizzard forgot about that. The grimtotem tauren attack you, are you at war with the Horde or the grimtotem tauren?
Oh I know, I'm just saying what his fucked up justification is.
I am listening, you literally qualified it by intimating that the district attorney saying &gt;" A child has been hurt. As a prosecutor and a father of four kids, yes it frustrates me when someone hurts a child and you can't do anything about it, " &amp;#x200B; means &amp;#x200B; &gt; nor is it even the same thing as believing child abuse occurred. Now why would you be doing that? Could it be because you're trying to obfuscate that all the ***evidence*** such as Hill's kid being removed, the police saying they believe a crime has been committed and the audio tape all points to the fact that Hill's son was abused? Which again gives us two scenarios Hill abused his kid Hill let Espinal abuse his kid &amp;#x200B; Unless you think there is some phantom abuser running around targeting the children of football players. &amp;#x200B; Which the question then becomes, do you believe Tyreek Hill abused, or allowed the abuse of his child?
Would you consider excessive spanking to be child abuse?
And if that's all it was why did Hill stonewall the investigation? Could it be that we aren't merely talking about excessive spanking? Or is this a case of you think the law is wrong and that "excessive spanking" shouldn't be called child abuse and carry criminal punishment? See I would be with you on the "he can be taught" if he didn't stonewall the investigation.
The only answer here, other than break up with him is to insist on mmf threesomes. Then when he complains about having to suck dick you say thats how you feel about licking vag. Make sure you insist on a guy with a bigger D too.
And then nathanos immediately says he's glad you survived and that we're the key to Sylvanas' plans...........
Then he's posthumously part of the horde I'll take it.
So for the dwarves specifically those boxes were redone right before fantasy died and those are elite units, so think of them like vanguard vets or terminators in terms of cost. The cheaper core units like dwarf warriors come in a box of 16. Likewise the demigryph knights most armies would field a max of 6-9 they're along the lines of obliteraters. &amp;#x200B; But yea fantasy was just always on the more expensive side, one of the things about AOS was it was supposed to bring the model count way down.
Well the high elves left the alliance before the 3rd war, and I guess it matters who he felt his allegiance was to. If he felt loyalty to Silvermoon was paramount I'd argue he's a citizen of the Horde. If his loyalty to the alliance surpassed his loyalty to Silvermoon, well then he'd be alliance.
You mean guys like...........Lor'Themar Theron? &amp;#x200B; You're trying to stick a blue flag on this guys grave years after Garithos tried to have his prince and any elf he could find executed. The idea of calling himself alliance after that would have *revolted* him. Again it matters what his allegiance was, if he was ultimately allied with Silvermoon he'd be horde currently
Yep just a 2nd instance of alliance racial purging.
Or y'know when people were selling that stuff on ebay \*eyeroll\*
Am I misremembering the way honor works? Isn't there rank decay for PVP?
So i mean this isn't really relevant to the topic at hand then right? Non max-level characters in retail don't have dallies either so it is presumed we're talking about max level content.
I feel like alot of these are missing the point of the question. In order to completely ruin the original the sequel would have to upset the arc or purpose of the original. &amp;#x200B; For example the character arc of Rick in Casablanca is that at the start of the movie "he sticks his neck out for no one" and is passively living under Nazi rule after being disillusioned by Ilsa's abandonment. By the end of the film not only has he stuck his neck out for Ilsa and Lazlo but he resolves to begin resisting fascist oppression once again. &amp;#x200B; Therefore in order to achieve the goal of this question a title like "Casablanca 2:Electric Boogalo" while funny on the surface does nothing to interact with the plot of the first. However a title like "Casablanca 2: Rick and Ilsa forever" shows that Rick has not in fact gotten over Ilsa thereby ruining his character arc in the first. &amp;#x200B; Ergo my offering to this would be Rocketman 2:The Hunt for Qualuudes
I feel like this story never gets enough credit for how insane it is. Y'know just casually swim 4 miles over 15 hours to a "nearby" island after your boat gets cut in half by an enemy destroyer
True but these things are always about potential liability, if you get an illegal request like this the first thing you should do is respond ***in writing*** saying hey you asked me to do this, here's the CA code where I think this is an illegal request, so I'm not going to do it. &amp;#x200B; Then if you're fired for "no reason" or any other weakly supported reason you'd have a good chance to sue under this law. CA in particular bro's out for the employee by putting a shit ton of fees that compound if the employer is found to have broken the law, that way their potential damages isn't a few months worth of work at 9.75/hr or whatever. &amp;#x200B; That being said if they find a legitimate reason to fire you then well having a natural hair style, or having an employer that had to be corrected isn't a get out of jail free card. You can't just not show up to work and then claim it was about your hairstyle. No you say "but what if they just start enforcing rules on you they don't enforce on anyone else" well you can of course include that in your argument, for example if they fire you for being 5 minutes late you can point out all the other times you weren't fired/written up for being 5 minutes late and the fact that nobody else has been. &amp;#x200B; Of course there's no "employment police" who will show up to your work and tell your boss they're wrong and arrest him for asking you to straighten your hair while everyone claps, but there are processes in place. But then again those people don't exist in non at-will states either.
Idk sylvs done it b4 in hellheim
Because Gazlowe is nominally the hordes chief engineer. Despite his status as a steamwheedle goblin he'll use the bilgewaters because they're cheaper/already in the horde for projects.
What do u want an award?
The got fanbase is pretty fucking toxic though. No ending wold satisfy the majority of people and thats the issue. No matter how much setup you give it a significant portion of the fanbase will never be onboard with mad queen Danny
Love him or hate him Carrs gonna own pretty much every raiders franchise record for QBs. Shows weve never had much consistency there.
They don't pursue it because the IRS at one point tried and Scientology instructed every single one of its members to start suing the IRS across the nation. Lawsuits, no matter how trivial, require you to respond. The IRS didn't have the manpower so they abandoned the idea.
lol "muh ppg" as we all watched Gruden call 3 run plays in a row as soon as we had a lead. Oh wait nvm that's right Carr's supposed to make points machines out of Practice squad WR's.
Would you like to elucidate an argument on why this law ***shouldn't*** be repealed? Or shall we continue with governing to spite liberals in any and every thing they want no matter what it is.
Competitive players don't like anything except the broken stuff whilst simultaneously complaining about broken stuff. Competitive 40k (or fantasy or AoS) is a walking contradiction and their opinion should be taken as such.
&gt;You realize 4th quarter stats and 4th quarter game on the line are two different things right? That’s what you were talking about originally. Hence the whole running the ball late. His stats reflect that his usage during the game doesn't really change much aside from being elevated at the end of halfs. Gruden does want to salt games away and employs that tactic throughout. &gt; Nice change of direction. I see your slant goes with whatever helps your argument. Direction's the same mate, I provided multiple stats to support my argument, you're latching onto PPG even as I pointed out that we're running a ball control offense. &gt; Who cares what DC is doing when the teams down by 2-3 scores end of third early 4th. DCs 4th quarter TDs game within 1 score come from 2 teams this year in a season of 16. I care so I can accurately evaluate a QB and not blow through draft capital searching for an upgrade from an above average QB? Derek has shown that he's far down on the list of things to spend capital attempting to improve in the coming year. We were signing anyone who could play WR, LB, Safety and CB off the street and you want to blow firsts trying to evaluate someone like Herbert. Meanwhile in this very thread we're talking about a team who started abject garbage at QB and won more games than us. It's proof positive that a QB can only do so much and improving the roster as a whole is a much better way to achieve more wins. Derek is "good enough" until the both sides of the ball can consistently hit the teens in ranking, then we can talk new QB. But until we get our defense out of 30th or worst I have no desire to waste time looking for marginal improvement at QB.
**!nflcompare &lt;Derek Car, Carson Wentz&gt; \[2019\]** &amp;#x200B; Idk Man they're not really different aside from Wentz having and the eagles having some more passing attempts Carr's TD% is 4.09, Wentz's is 4.59. Similarly the raiders offense ran 987 plays 435 rushes-44% 552 passes-56% &amp;#x200B; The eagles ran 1104 plays 454 rushes 41% 612 passes 59% so /shrug
I think the ultimate satire of the Cain books is not to make a sweeping political commentary but to make a point on hero worship and the ability of propaganda. (Now its been a while since I read the series so please forgive any light errors) Cain is ultimately a coward, yet he's held up as a hero of the imperium purely because of happenstance. His image in the popular conciousness will inspire hundreds of thousands if not millions and billions of guardsmen to affix bayonets to death. The juxtaposition here is that while ultimately its Cain's cowardice that keeps him alive (along with some fencing skill, and metric fuckton of luck) the popular perception and propaganda of him reinforces the opposite.
Before the season the raiders had the hardest SoS by record as #1 overall The eagles were 26th Now that the season is over the raiders dropped to 17th The eagles dropped to 29th So no you're wrong.
The fact that we sign waiver wire players to start immediately is the biggest weakness in our roster. If we have our entire starting 22 were a pretty good team. Unfortunately that ended bout a quarter and a half through the broncos opener.
Sealand Bros or Titoons
1.7 million dollars is a joke compaerd to other CB's of his level. In terms of total cash earned Richard Sherman-31- 9 seasons- **$69,747,615+1.7m for no agent +8.9m left GTD=81m total=8.1 per year total** All Pros=5 (last was in 2019) Patrick Peterson-29- 9 seasons**-** **$82,140,573** \+**12m gtd left=94m total=9.4 per year total** All Pros=3 (last was in 2015) Trumaine Johnson-30- 8 seasons- **$68,569,329+11m=79m total=8.7 per year total** All Pros=0 Xavier Rhodes-29- 7 seasons- **$49,831,452=49m total=7m per year** All Pros=1
Now that the draft pick is settled I for one am more than happy to root for Mack and the bears again.
Its a bad deal because in order for him to be the 18th highest paid CB he has to play like one of the 4 best cbs in the league. To say nothing of how little gtd he'd have if he happened to be the 5th best or if he got injured.
The rest of the roster is trash that collapses into dysfunction the second a single starter goes down. Carr is "good enough" until our defense isnt petenially 32nd
Btw FWIW Carr is .404 in this time period and the seasons before him since the superbowll are .300. For the 6 seasons before they're .333
Ummm I mean "obligatory discuss with your opponent" but I cant see why not.
They aren't really "outdated" so much as "im a man and I cant get a scotfree divorce without giving that dumb bitch half our joint assets" But yknow please give me your anecdotal stories about how your friends mom "got it all" or whatever.
Because this is anecdotal and the old rockstar probably elected to keep his collection of guitars/the house which were valued equally.
You, you're making that argument. You just won't admit it.
Now I'm telling you what you've argued. If you don't feel that way you're free to clarify.
I mean aside from this being a self fulfilling prophecy given that wow started development in 2001 and its 19 years later and for one person to work on the same project in the same position at a games company for so long would be unheard of. A significant chunk of the OG wow dev team still works at blizzard in various capacities either on other games or in exec spots. Afrasiabi Adham Pagle Kaplan I'd trawl through more but you get the gist.
Its been awhile since I watched house, but isn't like central theme in that show the fact that house could be so much more if he'd just stop self sabotaging? And that he basically churns through every close relationship in his life because he's such a massive dick?
Legit surprised we arent last
Before the latest round of allegations Hill was the poster boy for a reformed abuser. Raising his kid, Star athelete involved in charity and victim/abuse advocacy, still living with his baby mama, etc. Then the audio recording shattered that. But at the time Hill would be a good go-to "yes he plead guilty and did that thing, but he took his punishment and has come out better for it". Which frankly I have a hard time begrudging a man who has served the punishment for his actions and appears to be on the right track. This hyperfocusing on the word "defend" you have is you being purposefully obtuse and ignoring the point of his comment which was about Hill's short lived status as a reformed abuser.
Men are taught from a young age that there is no difference, I'm not surprised a 24 y/o man has issues with it. He didn't handle it properly but that's the way these things work. &amp;#x200B; I will say its kinda fucked men are just expected to "deal" with their size insecurity when society is more than happy to instruct you to pussyfoot around every other insecurity.
Hopefully they do some more bottle episodes or use the new setting to return to the roots a bit more. If they do the DBZ thing and try to up the stakes again we're going to be approaching Dr. Who levels of galactic escalation.
&gt;Any man that has his self esteem wrapped up in his penis size isn’t a man, he’s a boy. I was with you until this line, how would you react to "Any woman that has her self esteem wrapped up in their weight/looks isn't a woman, she's a girl." This shit can be hella damaging for some people and its not infantile for them to them to need some outside help to get through it especially when by its nature it requires another person. I posted this elsewhere but if the "emotionally mature" way of thinking is "yes its smaller, but tht doesn't matter because she still wants me" then we don't get to claim the emotionally mature high ground by purposefully using his size to hurt him further.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denatured\_alcohol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denatured_alcohol) Denatured alcohol still exists, so there's that.
&gt;I wouldn’t care because my looks and my weight aren’t the only thing that intrinsically make me female, or desirable to another person. And other women? &gt;I’m not dismissing that it’s an issue that a lot of men face, I’m simply saying it’s a toxic construct of their own minds. I took issue with this line in your previous post &gt;Any man that has his self esteem wrapped up in his penis size isn’t a man, he’s a boy. Because that to me dismissed it as something everyone could just will away on their own and they "wouldn't be a man" if they thought otherwise. If you didn't intend that to be dismissive then fair play to you. &gt;There’s lots of toxic constructs that I don’t conform to, because I don’t want to live my life that way. X &gt;Also apples and oranges love, you don’t wear the size of your penis visually the same way your body carries extra weight. So about that whole not being dismissive thing........ &gt;Edit: this point of discussion seems to affect heterosexual men disproportionately..... so yes, definitely socially constructed. Yea so is body shaming, that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt women any less.
Sorry for being unclear that's my proposed change
Is this sarcasm?
You wanna know how trump coulda handled it better? By not pulling out of the iran deal, saber rattling for 2 years and then assassinating a government official. Iran is an extremist shitshow led by a religous fanatic. The US doesn't have that excuse.(Insert cult of trump joke here)
&gt; I kept asking myself if this is just what heterosexual relationships feel like, because I’ve only ever been with other women, so I should just be grateful it’s not always like this. &amp;#x200B; &gt; and that she’s had that done to her many times by men Spoilers, sex with men isn't just wall-to-wall rape.......
So It's not sarcasm?
I think he should be suspended for a year
Like
I'm pretty sure the codex doesn't allow you to punch speakers lol
When we realized that the specific issue was the child growing the wrong body? That being said I think you know this but are being obtuse on purpose.
All they are is some handy print outs of your spells in cardstock. There's no reason you can't make your own if you can't locate them. I preferred using them as a quick reference as well as having an easy way to track which wizards had what, but there was nothing really more to them. Each individual army had their own limited edition set that would come out when a new army book dropped and then there was a generic set for the 8 winds of book magic. I'd imagine you could pretty easily find the 8 winds cards but will have a pretty hard time locating Skaven (I've actually never seen skaven cards). High Elf may be possible though.
Okay and when they start self harming because they're developing masculine features you're going to just hold off on your magic number? Sorry 16 year old child I don't think you're smart enough to know you're a woman yet after living as one for 10 years, so enjoy your shoulders and height? Enjoy all this pain I'm putting you through? But hey cross that magic number and I'll help? Preposterous &gt; You make it seem like you can't transition after puberty when in reality, almost all people who fully transition do so as adults. The reason puberty is a huge deal, especially for MtF is because you start developing hard to hide features like a strong jaw or broad shoulders. Can you transition post puberty? Sure but its harder and requires more medical intervention. Instead of just developing as a woman you develop as a man then have to undo all that male development.
Ehh the problem with star wars is its own weird voodoo and the disappointment in the main trilogy causing backlash on the spinoffs. As long as its good idc how much trek there is,\]
Veldheer was always good though? He just had an injury bug I thought.
The post im responding to wants the chiefs to win So I'm disliking the idea of the chiefs winning
/shrug nobody is obligated to continue friendship anymore than anyone is obligated to date someone. You can't help who you have feelings for and sometimes the best way is to just cease contact, especially when the alternative is lying by pretending you're okay just being friends still.
I'm not even sure this is an insult. Most Raiders fans are pretty happy with Grudock.
There's a lot of pent up anger about the housing crisis specifically directed at people who own multiple homes, foreign owners, or people who otherwise leave homes vacant. I'm not saying squatting is cool but I understand where the anger is coming from. Especially as we're about to have an entire generation be priced out of home ownership in some areas.
My favorite answer is when she pointed out she asked Sapkowski about the ethnic stuff and he said he didn't care/intend for it to be pure whites and then people told her that no it had to only be white people.
That guy turned a little girl into a monster because he got mad that her mom chose another man (granted it was her brother but cmon)
I mean but in that case, there's no reason she can't just toss out some "normal" ones or even say say "sorry I'm totally vanilla"
two questions 1.When were you last intimate? 2.Who usually initiates?
Are you saying in terms of scratch building? What kits to buy? Obtaining a gaming table? [https://www.warhammer-community.com/2018/08/24/24th-aug-building-a-kill-team-boardgw-homepage-post-4/](https://www.warhammer-community.com/2018/08/24/24th-aug-building-a-kill-team-boardgw-homepage-post-4/) &amp;#x200B; This post is probably a good place to start for kill team though.
I mean yea our organization ***was*** shit and its obviously one of the lesser franchises and has been for the last decade. Grudock/moving to vegas have/will change that.
You can transition without altering genitals and many trans people don't specifically because its a pretty major surgery and the options for FtM are pretty limited.
If you know someone at the school yes Otherwise no
Because I feel like the proper response here is "hey don't be an asshole and do that again" If OBJ was a serial buttslapper sure lets start escalating but come the fuck on.
So glad we get this fucker twice a year for the next decade+ Sooooooo happy
You're going to need a better explanation op because precedent ***is not*** binding on the supreme court. And linking to an explanation of the concept of judicial precedent does nothing to further your opinion that the supreme court is ***bound*** by it. &amp;#x200B; Unless you are inferring to mean that the supreme court (and others) ***usually*** follows precedent but I have no idea why you'd want to make that distinction in this case.
Anybody who can make an NFL roster for even a year is doing themselves a service. Rookie minimum is 255k that's more than enough for a good start in life/to pay off finishing your degree. People getting drafted in the 7th are still eligible to make decent cash. Quinton Bell was drafted in the 7th, couldn't make a roster, hung around a practice squad and got 200k for his troubles.
&gt;But they don't have to manufacture falsehood This is the first time anyone has mentioned manufacturing a falsehood which btw is illegal for a lawyer even if their client is morally in the right. &amp;#x200B; A defense lawyer must provide a robust good faith defense to the best of their ability in order to ensure fair trial. A defense lawyer "phoning it in" hoping his client gets caught is not ensuring a fair trial.
This is one of those "we'll have to assume" moments. Sylv was intimately involved with the campaign in Northrend, it would be shockingly incompetent for one of the Hordes major generals to not know anything about one of the alliance's major generals. That all being said I don't think Sylv has any personal feelings about Bolvar one way or another aside from potentially being sympathetic to his role.
&gt; Please don't fucking come back at me with some semantical bullshit about plea deals or the like. Jesus christ
What are you even on about? If you're a guy who wont even be drafted than yea sure hide on the bench of a D1 program. But if you can ***make*** a roster you should go immediately, unless you're pretty damn sure another year of tape will move you from the 4th to the 2nd or something. If you get a 1st round grade though there is absolutely no reason to pull a Matt Barkley. His career earnings are 7 million, his rookie signing bonus alone would have been more than that f he didn't go back to SC
I think people just get fatigued at the trend of (since DS9) "the federation is trash!" and there are more stories to tell than Earth being attacked, admirals being bad guy and captains going rogue.
How does the thinner work? Do you mix it ala thinning the standard paints?
Yea thats why Overwatch was a huge flop right?
Why would he need to bring that up? That's not the bit that's in decline it's his arm. Manning was smart as ever but he started having trouble when he couldn't make every throw.
This isn't so much a whole company going over but more just a location being trash. I worked for a hobby store (games workshop) that highly tracked sales metrics against your stores highest and basically if you didn't beat the highest year they got someone else. Because my store was an offshoot of a larger big box version the first (and highest) year was impossible to beat (because customers were all funneled from the big box before dispersing to newly opened locations) I was the 3rd manager since that one magical year and there have been another 4 since. If every customer that walked in the door spent $500 dollars (average purchase is like $60) I would match that years numbers, I was able to do better than my predecessors but I couldn't touch that 1 year. I knew after my first quarter that I should start looking for employment elsewhere and I went back to school when I got my "second strike". I tried to complain about the benchmark being too high and after a corporate visit they recommended I clean my store more and give a stack of flyers at the karate place next door to make up the sales gap (which was double what I was doing)
Why do you think anyone cares about your bitching of an ass PVP system that existed back then but has been magnified by the unique situation of Classic existing as a "solved" game in an environment that is 18 years ahead of when it was designed? &amp;#x200B; It's like complaining about enhancement shamans, sure its fun to do but I don't expect to be getting any damage buffs.
Yo how the fuck you gonna do speedhawk like that.
Trade back, take Aiyuk go D with our newly acquired 2nd round pick.
I'd also like to point out that what we as a nation consider "normal" for food intake is insane. Like the "classic" american breakfast which I will say is "appropriately" represented by the Denny's "Grand Slam" is 980 calories, its also traditionally pictured with about a 200 calorie glass of Orange Juice (and we all know you're only gonna have one right?) That's 1180 calories just on breakfast which is more than half of what the "average" person should eat in a day.
A 29 y/o sleeping with an 18 y/o is a red flag, predator is a little strong and no its not illegal but they're in completely different places in life and the overwhelming likelihood is that the relationship is not equitable or healthy. Like say in a situation where she sleeps with her brother-in-law and then said BiL starts ***crying*** and saying that he can't help himself when he's caught.
Yea I'm more referring to a "war epic" that would show the "scale" of WW1
&gt;Cool, let them come and try to claim it back. None of this in defense of a third party shit you’re trying to pull. Dude what? You can either deem forcible annexation morally sound or not. If you're okay with Forcible annexation then nothing the horde has ever done should bother you. &gt;And the alliance dissolved the ruling house of alterac but *drumroll* the alliance didn’t sudden lose authority over that land. Shocking I know. Is almost like you can remove the owners of a house without that property suddenly not being part of the city/stare/country it was originally part of. The alliance isn't (wasn't) a government, it was a loose collective of states to which members were allowed to leave which members like Gilneas and Quel'thalas availed themselves of. The alliance as an organization did not claim ownership of its members lands. It is neither a city nor state nor country. &gt;The alliance never gave up their claim to alterac valley, all they did was remove the current owners that only ruled it because of the alliance deeming it so. The alliance never had a claim in the first place because the alliance doesn't claim land. Alterac was under no compulsion to join the alliance and could have attempted to stay neutral like Quel'thalas. Ironically there was a kingdom that DID lay claim to a portion of Alterac lands which was Stromgarde, the lands they claimed however did not contain Alterac Valley. So for the last time, the Frostwolves peaceably and ***legally*** settled in an ***unclaimed*** portion of land and lived there for 30 years. This is by and far more than enough time to satisfy any other sort of moral claim about possession.
If Crow actually DM'd some random person on twitter (even if she is Colin Cowherds daughter) who didn't even tag him just for making an InNoVaShUn joke that's an incredibly bad look. That being said I highly doubt this is real.
And then when the dad files for joint custody and the child support payment is nil because teenagers have the same income potential in your weird baby trap scenario?
&gt;INB4 "ThIs Is My PeRsOnAl ExPeRiEnCe" Sure pal you just neglected the part where the mom has all 3 kids full time after dad got caught with the babysitter and and she's been a homemaker for 20 years.
Honestly I'm more surprised she didn't just get him drunk or something and wait for it to happen if they're using the fucking pull out method
&gt;And you made a generalizing statement, that was not based on the article. I responded to your personal anecdote which is based on half truths lol &gt; You said fuck dads who don't pay child support. I actually haven't yet, but I'll say it here "fuck ***parents*** who don't pay child support" &gt;you just clearly left out the part that there are several who can't afford to Then they should petition the court to get it lowered, or take more custody of their children &gt;But I know, it's only cool to use sweeping generalizations and not talk about the article if it supports your view. Using personal anecdotes on the internet is meaningless, I was pointing that out.
So why are you here?
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2018/03/24/nflpa-helped-sweeten-richard-shermans-self-negotiated-contract/
There's literally 4 or 5 of you niners fans going "But the flair!" Instead of trying to dispute anything I wrote.
Yes that was the bamboozling they literally used a car salesman tactic and it worked because Sherman has no experience negotiating his own deals.
There's a lot of residual hassle from when we didn't know the pinpoint location of everything. Is it a lot of walking? Sure Is it hard to find when you have questie/AAP/Wowhead?No
&gt; "4+ hours of remastered cutscenes" Unless we're cutting back to Warcraft 3 graphics this promise has been met &gt; "Modern UI" (the ingame UI is the same, the Bnet UI is objectively worse) They had a modern UI planned but they canned it after the community wanted to keep it so there wasn't an advantage/disadvantage to playing with the old graphics &gt;Custom Hotkeys You got me there, although there is a .txt file workaround for the hardcore &gt; Clans Meh &gt; Profiles What? &gt; Ladder, and thereby fair and competitive matchmaking Aside from the current ladder being ass unworkable garbage with seeds from 12 year old games that everyone sidestepped by using bespoke custom game bots/ladders iirc this is confirmed to be coming still &gt;Working custom games, without copyright restrictions Oh stop, the fact that DOTA 2 exists is why this is here, and frankly I don't blame them &gt;Custom Campaigns A loss, but not a very big one &gt;Automated tournaments Maybe a few years ago........ &gt;Friend list (Now you can only add Bnet friends) Yes thats a friendslist &gt;Name change (You're forced to use your Bnet) Good
I mean you're outright lying about somethings &gt;"4+ hours of remastered cutscenes" &gt;Ladder, and thereby fair and competitive matchmaking And memeing about others &gt; without copyright restrictions How can you expect anyone to take you seriously?
This is incredibly ignorant of game development, a HUGE part of any game dev team is the art staff and if you look at the people who actually use the unreal engine to fuck around notice they're typically piddling around with random blocks and cubes. DOTA was basically able to ape everything from WC3's asset library to make a functional game art and asset-wise. It also had all the base AI and pathing done for them as well as the resource system, shop mechanics, etc etc Oh and finally as for your fear mongering about python and oracle et all Game Engines usually are priced on a royalty scheme. So every studio that uses Unreal or Unity? Any game that uses those engines cedes part of their sales to them.
Yea that's not what happened Nobody really "owned" Dota. Icefrog was simply the latest in a long line of Devs, Freak and Guinsoo (former dota devs) who were hired by riot tried to trademark it. Blizzard said no you can't do that and the trademark passed from Riot to Blizzard. Then after some undisclosed settlement the trademark was passed to Valve. Blizzard ironically got burned for trying to not be assholes about it as Rob Pardo felt the name and game belonged to the WC3 modding community. Blizz was slow to develop an "official" standalone game because they wanted the game to live on in SC2's map editor and not as a stand alone. It was only after the MOBA cat was out of the bag that they attempted a standalone.
I wonder whatever happened to him, his videos and insights on tabletop games were pretty great.
The community stopped owning Dota when 2 former modders both tried to take it to two seperate companies. At the very least were Blizzard to try and enforce "the community owns it" now they can.
Lol hasn't this drill been banned in the NFL and abandoned by any program that isn't trying to give half their team concussions every practice?
&gt;The history was not deemed relevant during the case, hence why Blizzard backed out and settled. Aside from that not being how settling works (it's not indicative of either party being right or wrong) you are incorrect with the facts regarding the case as both Blizzard and Valve still maintain part of the trademark hence why both Valve AND Blizzard sued a third party company attempting to use the Dota name. [https://dotesports.com/dota-2/news/valve-blizzard-lawsuit-ownership-dota-14753](https://dotesports.com/dota-2/news/valve-blizzard-lawsuit-ownership-dota-14753) &gt;I ignored half your posts because they simply weren't relevant. Feel free to take it personally though. Or maybe because you actually have no idea what you're talking about as I keep having to point on factual errors in what you're saying.
Yikes Edit: nvm
Man I know some people don't like it when anyone who isn't #1 at their position talks shit But I fucking love me some baker mayfield
Maybe don't be a pussy and tackle him? /s
IIRC he failed his physical, nothing to do with talent.
The hypocrisy of people crying Labor! While somehow justifying the ability for the MLBers to make more on the backs of the minors is astounding.
Confirmation Bias I guarantee this is going to convince his base.
Fucking do it pussy. Roll fucking tanks on the American people see how that goes for you. Infact we should all spam trumps Twitter calling him.a coward since that's the easiest way to clearly affect his behavior.
I feel like alot of people thought it would be something else. I'm pleasantly surprised on how much I'm enjoying vs what I heard.
Yea I'm so glad it didnt turn out star trek was a tv show.
&gt;Honestly from the reaction to what he said you'd think he said the N-word I think this is part of the problem, people are conditioned to be more worried about the no-no word than actions and thoughts that are directly harmful to the black community. It's a slur and its awful but its crazy to me that people would allow someone to get away with racist action(s) and as long as they avoid that specific word they'll get the benefit of the doubt.
And yet disabled people, cameramen and shit viewers at home sit for it and nobody gives them shit. Why? Because they have a ***good reason*** When you come after black athletes for doing the same thing you're saying that their reason ***is not*** ***a good reason***
The Lee family is quite interesting, particularly because he had a cousin who remained loyal. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel\_Phillips\_Lee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Phillips_Lee) Saying of the decision to remain in the union &gt; "When I find the word Virginia in my commission I will join the Confederacy." I like to bring it up because people love to pretend that loyalty to the country over state was "unheard of" when it's clearly bullshit.
Cynics however would point to Forrest and PGT being pragmatists who realized they *lost* and thus needed to get the former slaves onside to be able to resist electorally.
As one former NFL lineman said on a radio program. "Is it the time of day? Are their lights working? Were they speeding" AKA victim blaming
So you did something specifically to hurt your dad and show your preference for your mom and you are shocked that it hurt your dad and showed your preference for your mom? His response is shitty and a bigger person could get around it but I'm not sure why you're trying to pretend like it should be taken a different way just because there's plausible deniability or here on reddit looking for a pity party. If you don't want a relationship with your dad that's okay and from what it sounds like I may not want a relationship with him but this is definitely toxic vindictive behavior on your part.
The bit where she spent the first half of her post telling us why she doesn't like her dad and providing random internet strangers moral justification for it. It's possible she didn't mean it in that way but the other 90% of the comments took care of it at face value. So I wanted to read between the lines here a little.
Man what a rebound for brees lol
Maaaaaaaaaaaan. What a wild ride the past few days have been. I always kinda disliked the breesus for petty football reasons. Then I got validation for racism reasons. Now hes completely 180'd and its fucking inspiring to see.
There's a reason Gruden drafted like 6 recievers.
Just ur daily reminder that the anti-Carr crowd is devoid of reasoning and all boils down to wins/loss.
The owners could fire the entirety of the MLBPA and still make "in the ballpark" of the same money. The MLBPA relies on the MLB to have any semblance of its current earning power. The owners absolutely hold all the cards.
MLB, just open the fucking books. If you're this deadset on making players take 33% of their salaries just fucking prove it to them. You don't even need to prove it to us, make their rep sign somesort of NDA to any non MLBPA members or something. idgaf. Just prove it so we can move on.
Because the classes are game constructs and aside from their specific namesakes are different in the lore. Think of it this way, pretty much all races can be "warriors" but in the lore the way a tauren warrior would fight is completely different than the way a gnome warrior would. Yet they're both "warriors". Apply that same logic to the spellcasters.
Its a little depressing TBQH because its clear that people are filling in the words for him because he's on their team.
And yet here everyone is with anti-satellite missiles.........
Is this a reference?
Awwww yea cities of sigmar baybeeeeeeeee move over shiny golden boys humanities true defenders are here now.
It's one thing to exist in an unjust society and not sacrifice your life/livelihood to take a stand that probably wont do anything. It's another to fight the bloodliest war in american history over it, ardently advocate for its continuation and repeatedly and solely profit off its existence and then figuratively tell every black person going to school there "isn't it nice that we were able to get rich off of owning you and make this school?" If you're looking for a difference between Jefferson/Washington and Calhoun/Confederates the former created the US and the framework from which slavery was going to be eradicated. Jefferson himself formally ended the importation of slaves following suit with England. The later fought the bloodiest war in american history to keep slavery around and in the case of John C Calhoun provided the ideological basis for southern secession. The monuments to Jefferson and Washington stand for the ideals of America, the monuments to southern secessionists and slavers stand for their ideals. Which was making fucktons of money off of slaves.
It's the MLBPA's fault, because they're essentially relying on hyper plugged in redditors and scott boras to carry their water for them. If they want to convince america to be on their side they need to be clearer about what they're asking for, why it's fair, and how it relates to the common man. Give them something simple to rally around (like open the books and we'll play) Until then you'll have a significant segment of the population who considers a pro-sports job similar to winning the lottery (which it kind of is considering the jump from minor leaguer to mlb) and that they should just take their cartoonishly big paycheck or move aside from someone who will. I mean even then the pro-union arguments here range from BILLIONIARES! to BUT THEY AGREED ON PRORATED.......with fans in the stands
The head (bow?) of the brig or the galleon?
Dumb question but where should I am the anchor ball? At the capstan? If so what sort of radius are we talking?
Does the harpoon "reel" automatically or do I need to activate/lock it? I play pc
Lol The mlbpa is such shit. Labor vs Capital (except that other labor fuck them)
Lol that carebear line in before the storm We WoUlD nEvEr AbAnDoN oUr AlLiEs FoR sElFiSh ReAsOnS! The alliance leaders faith and loyalty to Anduin's ability is insane. The fact that there is never a "yea sure you're the 'high king' but you're like 18 and the 10,000 year old warrior and the 50,000 year old prophet are talking so go sit at the kiddy table" drives me bonkers.
Yea that Horde fanboy was Chris Metzen and it was his personal life going to shit that gave us Garrosh's downfall and Thrall's hamfisted superman turn and his marriage to Aggra. Then it was him retiring that 180'd that once more.
"I don't read ~~Twitter~~ the presidents preferred method for announcing major policy decisions, sometimes even to the federal bodies they affect. I only write on it." FTFY fucking clown ass
Tips in general are about emotional exploitation to convince customers to give you extra money. Whether its the "I can't make ends meet without your tips" or "Only assholes don't tip" or "My restaurant doesn't pay me a living wage so I need your tips to survive" I'm not sure why suddenly the line is drawn at "and also its my birthday" in fact I find that one much more palatable than the first 3 examples.
&gt; So because they haven't made an Encyclopedia Britanica about the fine tuned inner workings of intricate politics (that people barely understand in real life) about Warcraft it means it is apolitical? We don't even know the basic political structure or relations of any of the games governments.Races have "faction leaders" that's basically it. It's not an "encyclopedia" &gt;This entire last expansion was fighting a war over control of a resource that had the potential to destroy one faction and make the other the defacto world power. So you're saying a war of total annihilation? &gt;That's to say nothing of the entire history of the franchise and it's themes and story (remember the whole logging operation in Ashenvale?) Also, pretty much nothing is apolitical so there is that too. Yea the logging operation which was never really solved or explored except a one off "oh we have a treaty now" and then 1 xpac later the horde is back to thinking they need to wage a war of annihilation. I mean if you want to take it further, if the logging issue is "resolved" why don't the night elves simply sideswap? Or declare themselves neutral? Especially in the face of Horde aggression? &amp;#x200B; I'm not saying being apolitical makes warcraft ***bad*** or the story ***wrong*** I'm saying it removes the necessary context for the term genocide when every single conflict is a genocidal one.
First of all this was in response to the above poster nit picking the example of GDP, so I'm not going to be limited to "communism" or "ecology" when my original statement contained a few dozen different examples &gt; Did medieval realms declare war on each other for being communist or their stance on ecology? Further I'd argue wow is more rightfully closer to the age of sail (1571-1862) than it is to medieval (476-1453) not just via the fact that their navies are much closer to those ships but because what little info we're told but never shown in action about their governing system and individual ideals matches up better with that time period. The medieval period had rampant religous zealotry but we've only seen that mentioned with Yrel's light zealots and never really entertained within the main factions. But even then The Iberian War of 526 was fought between the Persian Empire and the Byzantine Empire over the spice trade and a defecting client state (say the Gnomes defecting to the Horde) and ended with the return of all captured territories and reparations, neither belligerant was under threat of total annihilation There was of course the crusades which were motivated by religion, but then you had the curiosity of the 4th crusade which sacked Constantinople because they ran out of money and were going to be paid by the deposed prince of the Byzantines to restore his family. Not sure I recall an alliance army sacking Darnassus because they ran out of money enroute to fight the Horde and Staghelm promised them cash. There's the German Polish war of 1002 which was a war over the rights of succession for 3 territories on the German-Polish border when the current ruler died without an heir. This war ended with both sides splitting the 3 disputed territories with the "poles" getting 2 and the "germans" getting 1. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Politics aren't limited to modern diplomacy, as long as there are multiple realms that interact with each other, you've got politics. Politics isn't solely limited to "me want you dead" there's always a "reason", whether that's religion, a system of governance, naked opportunism, the dissolution of a marriage, the desire for land rights, trade, etc etc. Very rarely has it been about the total annihilation of a rival race/nationality. And its that rarity which makes genocide heinous. Meanwhile in wow nearly every conflict included some form of wholesale "genocide" because wow very rarely deigns to give a political reason for a fight.
Bingo, its frustrating to see any sort of discussion on the strict shutdown be reduced to karens and haircuts and not y'know entire sectors of the economy being shuttered.
Wait what? I thought that was nakedly (ayyy) the point? Were they trying to say its not blatant spank bank material?
I think it depends on the owner but I sincerely doubt these dudes aren't already heavily leveraged in either other interests or with other aspects of running the team. That being said they could just open the books and we wouldn't have to do this.
Isn't this where the term "underwriting" initially comes from?
Because the only "win" the casual fan gets is to ***pay*** for the privilege of watching pro baseball. It boggles my mind that so many people on here "just can't understand" why people prioritize their own interest (watching baseball) over some faux-ideological solidarity with "labor".
And yet denvers stadium exists
Selfishly? The raiders, because we might not be bottom 5 this year and I haven't seen an average defense in like.........a decade.
Can we have the raiders again instead?
Who said I was insulting you? Im insulting the people who put up airbrushed golden daemon level models and come on to the warhammer subs with "first model! C&amp;C appreciated!"
This is kinda what I tell people. Once we start consistently making the playoffs and don't have entire position groups with 0 depth then we can utilize the draft capital to move on from Carr. Hell put Russel Wilson on our team and he still prolly wouldnt make the playoffs.
Tempting? Sure but im certain the raiders will have a program and all the guys will get it out of their system in the offseason. It's gonna be more interesting to see what other teams do.
So we agree then that its not anti science at all then and you're looking to debate a religous/moral issue.
It's time to just have account wide progress with a "use the highest score" system. That way people with alts don't get an advantage but also aren't punished/have to wait for catch-up. Only outstanding issue would be gold but as long as there aren't huge gold "chunk" rewards like the mission table it shouldn't be an issue.
Yea thats the way I look at her too
new direction? Kerillian can be a shade and handmaiden, any sort of lore restriction went out the window a long time ago.
Oh in that case yea there's no successful sub video games. Like sayyyyyyyyy world of wacraft, the console mainstay.
Some pirate shenanigans could be fun. It'll prolly devolve into some weird black sails-esque pirate utopia.
Game mechanics mostly. Chaos warriors in the lore (even nurgle) are as fast as elves. I think they had the best basic statline out of anything else in the game including other races "elites"
Kerillian-swordmaster of hoeth- like a cross between slayer and grailknight. Saltz-someone else put warrior priest so I'll go with a swerve and do an imperial engineer. Guns only. Ult is a pidgeon bomb, unique wep is an immobile sniper rifle. Bardin-Miner, mains a pickaxe and ult is tnt. Sienna-pick literally any other mage college but I like heavens. Comets for dayz.
Lol its not false because "swingers" its false for the r/justiceporn comeuppance the wife gets. The "swinging" is incidental.
Ehh theyre definitely progressive though, they just shit on the fake corpo stuff. Even when they addressed the captain marvel stuff they kept it very focused even though they were both clearly annoyed by being the "white film critics" Larson was talking about.
Because friends circles can span 1 or 2 years in breadth and can be deeply ingrained if they were friends before high school. Also men are dumb but toxic group think is real.
Garrosh, such a missed opportunity.
Yea, that's typically why you don't just chuck people in the stocks because you uhhh may accidentally start a war.
&gt;And apparently Talanji herself wasn't sharing that knowledge. As well as Zul's status. So now we're victim blaming? Maybe just admit the alliance did the bad thing &gt;I don't remember Alliance using Teldrassil as a staging grounds for incursions into the Horde territory. Actually, it was exactly the other way around: the Horde was constantly invading night elves' territory ever since before Classic. What? The alliance wasn't going to use alliance territory to attack the Horde? Again maybe just admit the alliance fubar'd this one and Talanji has legit beef.
&gt;Talanji was following Zul, who is definitely an enemy of the Alliance, not as his hostage, she was escorting him on her own damn ship. Both of them are officials of a nation that's currently at war with the Alliance (and the Horde, for that matter), and " Source for Talanji following Zul? Source for her "escorting" him on her ship? Source for the alliance declaring war on Rastakhan before capping Talanji? Or Rastakhan declaring war on the alliance? Unfortunately you wont find any because it's never explained how Talanji and Zul came to be in the Stocks together. &gt;rOgUe fAcTiOn &gt; &gt;" clause doesn't work, because the Alliance had no way of knowing that Zul's trolls went rogue (and it didn't look like that anyway, considering that he was escorted by Zandalari's damn princess). The factions should reasonably know the politics of the major nations they interact with, and if you don't you probably shouldn't kidnap random members of their royal family because then you might piss them off and draw them into a war they weren't apart of and oh wait that's exactly what happened. &gt;Oh look who's victimblaming now. Yes, that's literally my point. The horde used the same logic the alliance used which is shitty victim blaming. &gt;Name at least one time when the Alliance invaded the Horde's territories through the night elves' lands. The entirety of classic through cataclysm? There's literally a battleground there lol. There was these dudes chilling around in the barrens [https://wowwiki.fandom.com/wiki/Alliance\_Outrunners](https://wowwiki.fandom.com/wiki/Alliance_Outrunners) Here's the fort the horde built to repel assaults from ashenvale [https://classic-wow.fandom.com/wiki/Mor%27shan\_Rampart](https://classic-wow.fandom.com/wiki/Mor%27shan_Rampart) Talrendis point in Azshara has night elves a stones throw from the rear gates of Orgrimmar [https://wow.gamepedia.com/Talrendis\_Point](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Talrendis_Point) Here's the questline to remove the alliance military presence in Azshara [https://wow.gamepedia.com/Airborne\_Again](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Airborne_Again) &amp;#x200B; &gt;And you can take your "but they could" and shove it right into your ass, you hypocrite. Dude relax its just wow lore
The horde understood Zandalar's political structure, there's no excuse for the alliance to not.
How are you going to exile someone from an island without boats? He also didn't "give them an army" Zul was exiled with his followers, he then went to other troll tribes explicitly not zandalari to make an army. If we want to play this game of "whoever furnished X villain with the goods/weapons/magic/kickstarter that they eventually used to do bad thing" there's alooooot more people we can lump in and implicate. Also Talanji wasn't in Pandaria so I have no idea how shes a war criminal on that. She left Zandalar shortly before the events of BFA to ask for the Horde's aid against the blood trolls.
