That's so fetch
It was also practical as snipers would shoot officers with easily distinguishable insignia.
God damnit OP as soon as I got vested into this god damn video it ended.
I love Jackie. But he made Dragon Blade with John Cusack. That movie unfortunately, is unforgivable.
He tells Mike to "stand right there" while he only asks Brendan to "remove his cover please". He never tells Brendan to stand.
Doesn't count as a democratic government maybe but those with the greatest empires, cultural exchange, and legacy weren't elected. Alexander and Caesar weren't known for giving up power. Even in our vaunted reality the idea the democracies are the end all be all of governance, in-corruptibility, fairness, and opportunity i'm not fully convinced of yet. Some of what the history books consider are the greatest individuals to have ever lived were dictators. It was rare to get a Washington who wanted nothing to do with power after conflict ended.
It's not quite the point I was trying to make so much more that for the purpose of building societies and civilization democracies have played a much smaller role than other forms of government. Admittedly democracy needs a little more time to be truly contrasted to the other forms, but it's also arguable if several of the largest democracies of our current time can even *be considered* democracies in the first place with the prevalence of corporate influence within the current systems.
Right? That's sort of the thing. I mean just think about what the rebels do on a normal basis. Blow up communications, power stations, and make stormtroopers just disappear. Guys who we're just patrolling the streets, preventing theft, and keeping the peace. They had families. Not to mention the dude just manning the switchboard who got incinerated because the rebels wanted to stop communications from going off-planet.
You basically get all 3 areas of his starting region and then grow them to try and get the minor sites to lvl 3 for walls, then once you get walls you made the biggest stack with snarsnik you can and just blitz your way to karak 8 peaks using the underway and don't stop for anything. Once you get the 8 peaks you basically just started a campaign. Gotta say one of my favorite campaigns to do.
And this is why I own Lords of the Realm 2. Again. And it does play quite well.
The problem here is matafakka is wanting there to be kneelers and WE DONT HAVE FOOKIN KNEELERS HERE
More so you couldn't control any time this sub goes through a particular shit post phase be it Danerys ass and incest fucking or Bobby B laser eyes. There's no controlling it. Anyone who thinks they can or it even should, oh that's when you're a kneeler.
Good. Then you belong here. We call them cunts. They also belong here.
and as soon as I started reading this post 1:25 of [Short Change Hero](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6eSksEp27U) kicked in. Perfect.
Im in the Northeast now but lived my whole life in California before. I tell people 60 degrees was heavy jacket weather and they look at me like im crazy.
They Are Billions is pretty awesome. And don't feel bad about leaving CoH. Almost every single long time 2000+hr player has bailed and we're all waiting to see how Iron Harvest turns out.
The top comment saying people whine while all the ones discussing the actual effects of the patch are sitting at 0 or -1 comments (even with me upvoting them). Yeah, good talk.
There's literally dozens of us that still consider Empire: TW to be the best one, even with it's bugs and other issues.
They said we don't like beer nobody said we couldn't like jello!
Yeah. Seriously I enjoyed that title. My biggest gripe was ~~lack of unique units for certain factions like Poland-Lithuania.~~ when they added the Warpath campaign you couldn't play any of the Indian factions in the main campaign to invade India with.
Booda ba booda ba booba ba booba ba booba ba^da ^ne ^^da ^^ne ^^^da ^^^ne ^^^^da ^^^^ne **bwah bwah bwah bwah bwah bweeee** ^da ^ne ^^da ^^ne ^^^da ^^^ne ^^^^da ^^^^ne
Just to note if any adults are looking for western animation and don't mind the "for children" label a small list is: Gravity Falls Star Vs The Forces of Evil Steven Universe for some modern stuff. If you like oldschool watch Exosquad. 80s western action series. And was amazing.
Then u/KlebbTheKunt Tommens right off the tower
It happens all the time. Sure you might get the emergency care and the dedt in the IDEAL situation if youre lucky but people are kidding themselves if they think families in America arnt watching loved ones die slowly in front of them due to treatable, unaffordable illnesses. My neighbor is being treated for a stroke right now and her house will probably be foreclosed on within 2 months.
It's just rough seeing the regulated to the side character move from Yamcha, to Krillin, to Piccolo, and now Vegeta. He's the god damn Prince of Saiyans built on pride. Let the story arcs throw him a god damn bone. ^^^^Fuck ^^^^^you ^^^^^^Kakarot
Breaking bones mends them back stronger, and getting stronger muscles is literally involving doing minor damage to them to make them repair stronger.
This is about the california donut scene. It's all cambodian, vietnamese, etc style joints. I think they have the superior donut to the generic stuff like Dunkin the east coast is used to. But one thing I absolutely cannot stand is that designer donut shit like captain crunch and fruity pebble topped donuts. No I don't want to pay $3 for a fucking donut. It's a donut. Stop trying to make it fancier than a god damn bear claw.
Why? Is the descent into madness not part of it?
[Then you buy eyeglass sunglass covers](https://www.google.com/search?q=eyeglass+sunglass+covers&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwieo47z0v3YAhWb3oMKHdmWBGUQ_AUICygC&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=667) or [eyeclass sunglass clips](https://www.google.com/search?biw=1280&amp;bih=667&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=J1NvWpLTLoeYjwS4qbPABw&amp;q=eyeglass+sunglass+clips&amp;oq=eyeglass+sunglass+clips&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i24k1.22862.28248.0.28387.27.17.1.9.9.0.133.1510.8j7.17.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.24.1480.0..0j0i67k1j0i5i30k1j0i8i30k1.79.rWYZtjAh3_Y)
Im in the Heirophants campaign and conquered a good portion of DE territory, but Naggaroth is still going strong. Even still I can recruit an entire army of ushabti, an entire army of tomb scorpions, one of all chariots, one of elite infantry, and one with all war/necro sphinxes. Then a smattering of other units plus all the regiments of reknown sprinkled amonsts the 9 total fielded armies atm. It really doesn't take that many settlements to where the caps mean nothing. And if you want even MORE of a particular unit, you wait till you can recruit a necrotech that expands your cap even more as his base trait.
The part that makes it unrealistic to me is the people she goes to for help being just as ignorant as she is despite being in a culture of marijuana.
looks like an interesting mod, but the friend randomly screaming made me stop watching.
There used to be a bug where if you cheesed \(switching quickly\) the loading screen you could get the other faction. Or have no commander at all. Looks like its back.
My favorite are game reviews where the guy has a toaster for a computer and couldn't get it to work.
There's gotta be even an electric version you could use with a few batteries. If Time Crisis could pull it off in the 90's a big name TV show should.
I feel yah. I'd be ok with it if it was brutal but the whole bloodless romanticism of it does seem a bit distasteful. Like show these things with people getting fake limbs blown off, screaming for their mother, and bleeding out in desperation and you would have an accurate reenactment depicting the horrors of war.
I've had some hit's with Denny's, I've had some misses. But by god was the cook at the Denny's on PCH in Garden Grove on fire. That was seriously one of the best steaks I ever had and I've been to some expensive steak houses. No guarantee a steak like that will ever come out of a Denny's again but I will always remember it.
Jesus at least wear pants
Taco bell is about twice the cost of burger king, mcdonalds, or wendys while wendys ingredients are significantly higher quality. I dont understand this.
i did a charge back on a debit card like 2 months ago. Just call your bank.
Wait wtf Ridley made it into this one?
And the show kind of wrote them out entirely. One of the Thenn's that was given land to make the House of Thenn was killed off at the assault on castle black. I'm not positive, but I think it was the one John Snow put a blacksmiths hammer in his head.
He's a pizza cutter. All edge and no point.
The latest Jurassic Park was such a steaming pile of garbage. It actually made me lose respect for Chris Pratt to be in such a shitty movie.
The reason Xenonauts stood out to me in the past was because it did OG X-Com in a time nobody did OG X-com. Now they have gone the other direction with mimicking Firaxis style X-com? We already have Phoenix Point coming from the original X-Com guys. Even the original guys arn't doing X-Com. This should have been Xenonauts 2 time to shine rather than coming off as more of the same that other companies are already putting out. Why would X2 try to ditch it's strongest aspect?
It's like a rock climbing business that put in a wheelchair accessible ramp. They spent money to accommodate people who will never come. Or there's that one guy who showed up over 10 years. If a Linux user wants to be a gamer, they don't wait for the developers to accommodate a small platform. They use WINE and get over it.
Was your post suppose to contain links? It has no links.
I'm always like "sweet a new monster!" while being inclined to play beastmen, "oh fuck a new monster :(" How are the true chaos children suppose to fight these factions without their own monsters?! Giants too slow!
I think calling them a hero at all is a form or brainwashing or propaganda. The amount of people who absolutely abhor the usage of the U.S. armed forces who will still defacto thank any serviceman for serving their country is staggering. They don't agree with what they do, yet they thank them for doing it. I have massive respect for anyone joining the armed forces as a way to better themselves or get a leg up on life. To advance themselves personally. I don't thank them for that. They are just people getting by. A vast majority of them haven't done a single heroic thing in life.
The day I can wear something into a field that plays the sounds and images of a big gun fight where I can then fight my friends in a AR war, that would be golden.
Current me knows that any amount of bad publicity would never stop the Japanese in making this game, and will only fuel desire for it.
I don't know why but I can't see any links. I'd try to figure it out but some jackass is downvoting.
Ah more so for the size of the library reflecting the price. The price is added, but I don't know how many gifts that is.
Probably bought more expensive games at times of earlier release. https://imgur.com/a/PbUCgIR
https://imgur.com/a/PbUCgIR
Right? Everything this guy writes isn't full of any bullshit. I might buy this game right now.
Mostly things with expansions and dlcs like the total war titles i always picked up when they released. It really doesn't take many full price games to run the tab. Any anything coop ill usually buy 2 of.
You didn't have them in the first one, but will we ever see the return of x-com style blaster bombs?
I would just say they were sorely missed. I'd love to see them come back. And the only other implementation I would like to see is if you include vehicle art, let anything depicted on that art be used/a weapon in the game. IE the hovertank from Xenonauts 1 had artwork that showed a set on rockets on it's turret. It could not fire said rockets. This bothered me a great deal.
Well there's nothing limiting this to elves. One word: Vampires.
Because Beastmen were never really suppose to have just a generic giant as their monsterous fighter. The Cygor is cool and all, but the Beastmen should have always have had a Jaberslythe or a Ghorgon. Especially since at the time they cited "animations" as why it would take too long or be difficult. Then they came out with jump roping carnosaurs and the hellpit abomination so that excuse doesn't really fly. The only good thing to come out of it was CA finally stopped wasting their time doing mini-campaigns nobody wanted to play and were a waste of time and effort.
If they went based on the ideas of your comments half the greenskin roster would of also been cut. Just because there is a similar or lower/higher tier version of the same unit doesn't mean just don't add them. People play greenskins and never build a goblin. People play greenskins and never build an orc. People play beastmen and some never build a minotaur. Some build nothing but minotaurs. People play the game differently than you and a small unit change can have big meaning to them.
Well your line is predicated on the argument focusing on tuskors. Ive never once seen anyone asking for those. They ask for Ghorgan, jaber, preytor, and minotaur leaders. Tuskors would be great but nobodies going to make an argument for those over the units they really want.
This is said almost romantically but they were from a time were both parties were basically the same things pursuing the same goals. That was what put a lot of people off when Hillary was running. She was as much a warhawk as any Republican from her era. \*This message is in no way an endorsement of the current administration. Or a thorough comment at all.
Ok let's not get ahead of ourselves I've yet to read the story of Trump getting a blowjob in office then lying about it on T.V. I wouldn't be surprised if it happened and he got away with it but the current scandals just arn't at that same level. Yet.
[being blocked by your ~~allies~~](https://imgur.com/a/8416eJH) [being blocked by your temporary land managers](https://imgur.com/a/7ITbrUa)
Nobody cares what you did when you arn't in office. That's the point. You think it was limited to Daniels? That dudes probably had tons of seedy, fucked up, beyond your imagination saigon hooker porn. Was he president? Nope.
alt f4 buddy
Tell my wife, hello
ok new reddit sucks balls because the post is tagged dev response but i couldnt even find it
The video not ending with some gruff happy sailor chowing down bothered me
I think it would be a lot safer to be facing forward and can't help but think that dog would really like to look ahead.
Nah didn't need any more clarification that you were actually talking from a position of complete bullshit rather than any actual experience.
Gonna say the one where he takes on a tiger tank with a 1911 was pretty fucking serious
There's been 3 different versions of spider-man released in the last 20 years. Batman movies are an example too. Batman Forever was utter shit. Didn't stop them from making a good one years later.
I'm guessing it's the green line Hull Upgrade personally. I just checked a Cyclostra save and looked at 3 of the unique admirals but they were all the same generic ship and got me thinking, it's probably after getting the level 3 hull buff. Alternatively, it could be the purple cannon upgrade but i'm fairly certain it's one of the green line upgrades that leads to a new ship model.
i was sitting here thinking.. "emperor on a... shoulder?"..
reminds me of [this classic](https://imgur.com/gallery/7Hr9WR9)
Speaking of restraint did you catch the dude holding the machete before bat boy showed up? Tosses the machete aside and goes for ineffective punches. That was a bro move to the guy with a bat and he has no idea.
Yeah that is actually the one I was thinking of when I wrote that.
there's a lot of people who went gluten free as a fad akin to the atkins diet rather than any actual medical need for gluten free products. It was a cultural craze. Thats where the backlash comes from at least.
Jeeze their side had both a machete and a bat and got their asses handed to them, weapons removed, and not used against them. That's just one hell of a beat down on all accounts.
Welp, I had no plans for yet another Zombie Pirate play through but until we find the answer I just might have to.
[Meh this explains my position on it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib_6-qZcWvw)
The South Sea bubble is like an early bitcoin fail story. People trading basically an idea till it flopped. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1kndKWJKB8&amp;t=14s&amp;list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5CwbTgovbJJhy1LyAaDqStr&amp;index=2
Unless you're doing an upside down ninja twist where you risk pissing on your face, i'd be worried about ripping that thing out of the wall as I find purchase.
Don't they have an option for you with stormtroopers providing the 1 shrek upgrade squad you're looking for?
they've been toned down a lot but there's also been a few periods of time they were toned way the fuck up. You should of seen beta British commander abilities. That crazy one that sends in a bunch of bombers? It use to send in strafe planes first. Then rocket planes. THEN the bombers showed up. Also periodically the strafing runs from sturmavichs and stukas would be just as powerful as in that video. They never could quite nail a balance though.
Only 1 shrek squad between those 2 blobs. Thats where the m8 scott likes to shine. It doesn't have that 1 shot wonder people like to see, but it will punish those blobs.
Not to mention OKW is a bastardized faction that currently works in a way it was never designed for. Volks were never meant to have stgs in the first place. But at this point scrap it and do CoH3 right. And do the god damn italians so the axis has something not German to play for once.
thats too rigid in thinking. While every faction has a current meta that will bring you the highest % of winrate, you can also mix up any play as long as you have a solid source of anti-infantry and a solid source of anti-tank. if you did rush the sherman to make extra use of the HE against infantry, you can afford not having BARs and actually invest into late game zooks to take the pressure off the inevitable armor counter that is coming because of that sherman. you can afford a infantry unit terrible against infantry if it's providing you with utility and you have a armor bias towards AI. i use to play brits centered around 6 pders for armor and centaurs for infantry. I'd do variations of that with any given faction. Out of the 2300 hours I put into CoH I hardly ever followed the meta, so I know out of meta strats can win just fine. I don't think i've built grenadiers for example once in the last 3 years.
This seems accurate. I requested a pizza a couple of years ago during a similar "the ability to eat is compromised" moment. I mean for the record i've refused offers off random comments, so this is the actual "im getting desperate" post.
Until Slime-san gets him back for wrecking his village
Right? And then he throws the gun away in disgust like it pained him to have to use it. Mother fucker you just landed every shot of an automatic weapon on a 1 meter target thats actively trying to kill someone. With your eyes closed. If they are going to have you be in-universe, start strapping tommy guns to the kid.
I just love that the chef recognized how incredibly unappealing this creature is to eat. "You break up with girlfriend? Serve this on valentines day".
http://www.starscream.ca/starscream/warhammer/fan-06.jpg
$confirm
bears smokehouse in hartford (NOT THE ONE IN WINDSOR!) is a fav of mine if your dad likes meat. there's also capital grill next store which is pretty tasty.
i'm trying to figure that out too. looks like a slamfire
Big fan of steam. But whatever update they pushed recently to make it look and function like a late 90s flash website needs to be fired. Steam looks worse, works worse, and is overall a worse program than it was 2 or 3 years ago.
Because the functionality and ease of use is worse than it was before. The friends list is worse, the store page is worse, and how a controller functions in game is not tied to the UI updates they just pushed. Steam looks and functions worse than before they pushed the UI changes. Thats not even an accusation, thats a fact.
People tend to ignore what you are calling improvements when the overall experience and the primary reason they use steam is not, in fact, improved. When the experience is worse for them than before, it's not an improvement. I mean if all you can do is point to features and functions a large majority doesn't use (controllers), yet one of the primary functions operates worse than it does before (chat), how can you argue thats better? Blinding yourself to the primary function of the app to praise parts most wont see doesn't prove a good point.
Warhammer has race diversity as it's gimmick. Own every DLC, and that will continue. I won't buy historical titles until they stop stripping parts of game out. As mentioned, Warhammer has unit diversity. Until they have some kind of new sieges or naval battles return for historical, there's just no reason to pick it up for me.
That's a grudg- ah shit.
no mention of a tribe or a water chip makes me sad
something about black and white animation is just such a great medium to me. [SIAMÉS "The Wolf" ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX44CAz-JhU) is really good like that even if it has the splash of red
did it get featured on some stream or what? We usually average 3-5k.
Dec 10, 10am
Ask him if it comes down to Sam and his families sword killing the NK in King's Landing after the other main characters are killed in desperate last stands.
Are you aware of the what the word "debut" means? It's in the title of the original you posted after all.
No thank you Turkish, I'm sweet enough
I'm an original Fallout fan (1 and 2). So Bethesda seems to hit every mark of microtransactions, pay to win, false advertisement, having a shitty game, and ruining a beloved IP. Have they fulfilled the requirements for "fallen from grace" or "gone to shit as a company"?
From what I gathered from Tolkien's words and the general concept of Tom, is that he is more of the embodiment of the world itself. There were creatures on middle earth before the coming of the Maair and others. Middle Earth still had life and power before the dwarves and elves were created. Tom always embodied that to me. As to why he doesn't help, well, the world will still be here regardless of whose in power or the top dog. The world preferences life, but is also enigmatic and doesn't really involve itself in mortal endeavors.
&gt; That’s a road we as a society probably don’t want to go down. Imagine mobsters extorting you for your kidney We'll stick to the tried and true getting your organs taken in a dark alley and waking up in a bathtub full of ice, thank you very much.
Morathi was a dumb whore with a fat ass!
&gt; They also invaded Abyssinia Sweet, a fellow history lover! &gt;against starving people with arrows and spears Who also thinks Abyssinians we're southpark caricatures in 1935... Without going into an entire diatribe about this topic here's some topics for anyone interested. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Army_of_the_Ethiopian_Empire https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Italo-Ethiopian_War#Ethiopian_army https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethiopian_National_Defense_Force#Battle_of_Adwa TL:DR While the armies of Ethiopia were inferior to Italy, it was not to suggest Ethiopia was a country of skinny starving tribesmen. They had armored cars, machine guns, and rifles. They were not starving people with spears.
This isn't true at all. DeVM was holding his side as well as Hans. The first major engagements saw the loss of the american halftrack due to poor position, but it was made up for soon after with good infantry positioning and grenade dodging. Then when the ISU hit the rush but the panthers saw 1 panther lossed to 2 jacksons lost. They nearly lost the second panther. That was balanced on a knife edge there. Only after due to major artillery bombing did DevM and Hans start to really lose. Thats just bad analysis there.
People shit on nostalgia about old games a lot but it feels like nothing will ever be as epic as a regular bridge in Planetside 1 being some of the most important fights. Mag Riders on the water, air fight above. Galaxy drops on shore banks. Besides the gunplay, I don't think graphics was worth giving up to gain whatever PS2 has/had over PS1.
Everything is viable in this game if you have a plan and do it right even if it falls outside the meta. I don't play as regularly as I did a few years ago but i'm a player who on a team pretty much never built conscripts or grenadiers in thousands of matches. I always pumped out flamethrower engineers or support weapons as Russia or nothing but pioneers on wehrmacht. I just use them like 4 man assault squads. Positioning and distance is the most important in a gunfight, and pioneers can rack up the kills standing point blank on another squad. For any given strategy it comes down to: Do you have source of anti infantry? Do you have a source of anti armor? Then it comes down to how you use it. Brits can do nothing but centaurs and 6 pounders and still win. Will most players pull it off? probably not. But a lot can. It's just on how you use whats available to you.
The bar has been set so low the game doesn't need to be all that great besides "functional" to be considered good. I mean even that could be an overstatement. I'm playing Rust right now. Rust is a piece of shit, barely functional mess. Still sold over 7 million copies and has a very active playerbase.
Major bugs from a previous game are still present in this brand new title. It's exactly what Fallout has been since Bethesda acquired it. Recycled garbage.
dog has job. subreddit is GoT shitpost meta. combine both, bam Stannis.
Allow me to explain. A server will start fresh on a given day. After a period of 2 weeks (1 week in some cases) the server will "wipe" the landscape clean of bases. However the blueprints for items you have acquired will remain. He means lulls in play as in, some servers have a lower than max population after a few days or so depending on how stuff went down on that server. Maybe a big zerg took over and dominated all the solos or something. But other times it's just non stop full server. The other times it wipes is a full wipe, where blueprints are also removed and everyone starts at square 1 again and the rat race continues. I personally believe the on-going popularity of Rust is because of this wipe mechanic continually forcing everyone back to a level playing field. People theorize on what they will do on the fresh wipe. Alliances are formed on one cycle and continued the next. It's a crazy dynamic. That being said Rust is also a psychopath simulator and many people play it to have fun by ruining your day. I make as many friends as possible. Most people murder each other on site, take your stuff, and try to destroy your base or lock you out of it. So go in knowing what kind of playerbase you are getting involved with. But it's also kind of the point. You survive the shit show week by week.
This should of been a commercial for his bbq sauce. Before start of gif - Evander is cooking in his kitchen with his bomb ass sauce. He gets distracted when the door bell rings and drops his sauce covered spoon and a bit of sauce goes on his ear. Gif players out after gif- Mike, still embracing, smells that bomb ass sauce. His eyes go wild. Screen black. Evander screaming. Show Sauce. Profit.
shinobi up the back wall yo
I was going to make a joke that this was some international mega corporation, but then I looked into it and it totally was. Fairly clean for a megacorp though. Only being in the nature of glass and ceramics the material for corningware was used for ballistic missile testing apparently. Other than that only dirt I could find on them was some whistle blower called them out for ripping off the government compared to their commercial customers during a contract. They make gorilla glass and the new lotus glass. Kinda neat.
I miss total war games where you could attack the pirates and then take their ships. Then put them on trade nodes.
Clan Angrund should not have that many horror stories. Skarsnik is basically "get a stack than RUN. OH GOD RUN". Angrund is "get a stack and have it take it's sweet ass time while Belegar and his ghostiboi's kick the shit out of whatever they feel like".
The "legendary admiral" you research as any Vampirates faction was a streamer [Here's Burke Black](https://www.twitch.tv/burkeblack/clip/SpikyPluckyToothCoolCat) Recruiting Burke Black
I love the old school B movie vibe. The enemies are flying saucer flying aliens deploying giant robots and godzilla super weapons while genetically modifying regular ants and spiders to cause havoc.
Maybe the Company of Heroes balance guys needed something to mess up. That game was literally 100% balance the week before they implemented 2 commanders years ago that threw that perfect state out the window never to be seen again.
15 inch howitzer at Battle of the Somme, 1916
Name the 2 commanders i'm even talking about.
You never asked so I want to watch you keep putting you're foot in your mouth. It was Elite Infantry for Werhmacht and Soviet Industry for Russia that threw the entire balance out the window. The week before that patch, the game was 100% in a favorable position with damn near 50% win rates between the factions while retaining an asymmetrical balance. You sure do have a lot to say about an issue when you have no clue what the topic is.
It was pretty smooth for all brackets at the time, but seriously this was a one week period before they threw in absolutely game breaking commanders featuring the tiger ace when it was absolutely god like and soviet industry when you could get a 3 min t-70. The week prior was a patch day. That week was amazing. Then the new commanders dropped and I never saw them bring balance back to that level. They couldn't. too much started to get added then OKW and USF got implemented and it was just a different beast altogether.
Cats arnt used to wearing clothing. When constrained they just dont move. She was startled though so bolted up before defaulting into no move mode.
Yah I thought i had major PC issues even crashing at some point till I realized I could play any other game just fine. It was only TW:Warhammer. I deleted some games, assigned like a terabyte of virtual memory, unchecked the unlimited memory in options,lowered all settings except unit size and managed to get it running without crashing for quite a long time
anyone else bummed the rotting promotheans w/gunnery mob have the skills of a mammoth on their back and at first site you thought the broken tusks were guns?
[The god's are good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUePZZDLPrE)
[He had some good ideas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLVigJoi9k8)
The dragon pit scene that had a rambunctious uncontrollable undead sit quietly in his box until he was needed? Where when we comes out the giant undead sentinel created for the sole purpose of protecting the Queen stands silent as his brother casually pulls back a zombie from his only purpose in life? Scene wasn't bad per-say but the entire introduction of the wight was silly.
not yet but if this keeps up i imagine it's just a matter of time
[Let us all remember the good ol days of when SWS halftracks first hit the field](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG56KZC97eU) You shall be missed oh god of crushing.
a combustion is a rapid chemical combination of a substance with oxygen, involving the production of heat and light. An explosion is a rapid increase in volume and release of energy in an extreme manner, usually with the generation of high temperatures and the release of gases. The speed of the reaction is what distinguishes an explosive reaction from an ordinary combustion reaction. Unless the reaction occurs very rapidly, the thermally expanding gases will be moderately dissipated in the medium, with no large differential in pressure and there will be no explosion. TL:DR No pressure wave. The pressure wave is what destroys internal organs.
Anybody found swatting should be charge for attempted murder.
The pressure generated and resulting reaction is the difference
They compress, expand, pop, and bleed.
He's right next to Mankrik's wife.
They've always been expensive to reinforce. Now you can use 120 mp worth of units without losing the entire squad.
Until the girl with the weak tongue got them nerfed.
&gt;Jesus, you try to contextualise a discussion and suddenly you're some kind of monster. This happens a lot in way too many conversations. Just trying to explain a side gets you labeled as supporting it.
I'm team Courtney Cox and she looked damn good in 3000 miles to Graceland
Don't worry, [this explains everything](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VxLQZPqI2M)
Just start shipping cat shit there and the problem should take care of itself
Despite the fact we can look at studios who have done successful spin off games don't reallocate those resources back into the original project, and usually shutter the original work, we still have this delusion that if you just throw money at this new project it will save the old one. You can't hold PS2 hostage in an attempt to scare people into buying PS:A. These posts are just another giant red flag to avoid it altogether.
I like the one at [2:52-2:53](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Rm4yKUlX-0&amp;t=2m51s) as he blocks the guys foot with his hand. It's like a bubble popping.
I like to rewatch GoT by just following single characters storylines. While going through Podrick's it really bothered me that he was given Tyrion's axe as a going away present and then that axe just disappears forever. That was a pretty sweet axe. (it showed up for a second in season [3](https://puu.sh/hyung/914a7002b4.jpg) but it should totally be used at some point.
Damn the &gt;$10 of dogecoin he got given for that post is actually worth over $211 now.
Stop taking all those damn vacations to the Boardwalk Marie!
the writers failed him
I think you get a pass once the enemy starts stabbing wounded in the aid station.
Guys, I think I know the answer. The person on the motorcycle is an idiot.
Maybe it's just be but it feels too soon to repost this guys comic and the original was perfect. Plus you took off his signature. That's a dick move. Credit the artist at least. Not even 19 hours after he originally posted and you try and steal it. http://skeletonclaw.com/
how many of these are you doing?
Yes, this is the internet, where your posts will get called out for being stolen content. Enough creators get shafted by some egdy memelord stealing their stuff. You find it on some random comment? Not calling you a liar (although i'll imply it) but there's no post there of it.
&gt; something about a guardian so tall its head is above the clouds - it almost drove Cylostra mad I should just start up the game to confirm it but that sounds like it's the very first treasure hunt she starts with and it's next to the city that is directly south of her. should be roughly here on the map https://imgur.com/a/3ZRVnYH it's been a few weeks. but I could find that initial treasure turn 2 or 3 after killing the starting orc army next to you.
the grenade range bulletins are actually really useful too
The Grand Army of the Enchanter has taken the field.
Some of those theaters have the exit sign literally right next to the screen. I hated that.
Man me too. This is what I like most about reddit. These happen to me my whole life and couldn't really explain it besides it feels like a minor heart attack. Good to finally know what it is.
Forget the tackle and go with the [off the wall kick to the face](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UidJCkWpOZc) and since that video makes me kinda sad here's [the cat run video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0rWJdy3hgA)
Uncharted 4 looks awesome
One thing I have noticed this patch and wish I saved the replay to send to Relic is I activated armor piercing incendiary rounds on an mg-42 and it got a good burst and a half off onto a soviet m3 and did 0 damage. Not a scratch.
If want to do a semi-plausible history set up where we avoid the whole holocaust thing, you can propose a molotov-ribbontrov pact where the Germans are using that as it's false flag operation rather than the attack on the polish border guards. Having them agree to carve up Poland but actually using it as a preface of defending Western Europe from the aggression of the Soviet Union. Was sort of Hitler's wet dream of fighting with Great Britain after all.
it's area denial. if you have multiple land matts and trying to deny a VP, just mix one as a phos. shot so it lingers around to make the point harder to take for any follow up while you're on cooldown
Dolorous Edd: “I could do with a bit of boiling about now. If the kettle were larger, I might jump in. Though I would sooner it were wine than water. There are worse ways to die than warm and drunk. i knew a brother drowned himself in wine once. It was poor vintage, though, and his corpse did not improve it.” Jon Snow: “You drank the wine?” Dolorous Edd: “it’s an awful thing to find a brother dead. You’d have need of a drink as well, Lord Snow.”
Oh Hey Gendry
&gt;The thing is, if you’re playing with friends that like to fuck around [I wanna get some bitches. Where the club at in Isildor yo?](https://vimeo.com/39114507)
what is this why the southern comfort liquor is full of so much sugar? i'd use it as a marinated camping sometimes.
Oh yeah a 20 man unit all equipped with smgs charging full force into support weapons and murdering everything they see in front of them isn't blobbling. Totally can't see that. It's only blobbing when they carry AT right?
when they send 4 kubelwagons at you 20 minutes into the game it starts to show
&gt;it is immediately met with comments affirming that the unit is absolutely fine Might be an issue &gt;and the many ways to counter it. Thats the key here. The fact is people are offering a myriad of ways to counter what someone is complaining about. If people are offended at this notion or annoyed by it, there's plenty of games where people will just say "you suck" and leave.
"Oh man that single machine gun I built in the first minute of the game just died. Guess I don't have a machine gun any more, ever."
&gt;But 4v4s arent balanced subjective and opinionated. Most 4v4s are just 2 separate 2v2s with the ability to come into the other lane. The game is balanced just fine for 4v4's except the new support Wehr halftrack could make do without needing battle phase 1 to call in. &gt;nor are they populated with players that really do well. This is true. But that's not the games balance fault. Mostly it's the "I got this game for free and won't bother to learn it". So whats the answer? Throw everything out the window because the playerbase isn't skilled enough? In my opinion the game is balanced for 4v4s just fine.
I've had my heavy engineers with brens/vickers hold their own against olbersaldaten. Pathfinders with browning will also do the trick. Volks with STGs will be able to fight more elite/equipped squads. People just can't expect un-veteran, un-weaponized squads to be able to go up against assault squads. Machine guns cannot hold sectors solo. They are however required to fighting the infantry blob. The answer may not be to set up the mg and hope for the best, but actively re positioning it in a fight. If it stays still or is able to be shot down before that, you need more support infantry there to prevent assault rushing. Sometimes you need a second mg. The mg will not be getting kills, it will merely be there for the yellow suppresion debuff while the other squads or your teammate gets the actual kills. That being said the game where I had shocks and was fighting an ostruppen player was a pure joke. I was held up in the castle on the 5 VP map and there was effectively nothing that infantry could do to dislodge me. Not ostruppen.
~~The pope requests you cease hostilities immediately.~~ His Holiness the Pope has passed on, ending another chapter in the history of the Catholic Church
At least Riverside sounds like a place. Californians don't even know where La Habra is.
You can often get a prebuilt computer from one of the other brands cheaper than you can build yourself too. CyberPower does quite a few holiday sales. Sure, you might save maybe a hundred dollars building it during the holiday too, but getting it from them then is also several hundred cheaper than building it while not during holiday. It's not like it was during the 90's/early 2000's. Alienware is still a rip off though.
My friend was commenting on the 3 kingdoms diplomacy saying its cool they are trying things but its just band-aids to a broken system. These kind of posts highlight that. They continue to shoehorn in this diplomacy system to TW titles and its just never really worked all that well on a fundamental level.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet
Yah I've had that. I still get sadder watching The Clone Wars and realizes nobody considers the clones people as they die in brutal horrible ways.
Im waiting for the return of naval combat before i ever deal with a historical title again. They keep stripping parts of the game.
ah cool, so how i play in Warthunder really isn't that unrealistic.
yah was watching a buddies snapchat as the feds and the armored car was rolling up.
fucking Karen is everywhere these days
they all look really comfortable though. its like their in snuggies.
There's a lot of people in the world and surprise, its more than the dozen you read about online.
&gt;I interpreted the post as if that's what op wants again. Don't do that
How about you stop assuming what people are arguing and being an asshat about it. The guy posted the information people were asking for showing the discrepancy between faction abilities. He's not asking for an insta win ability. You admitted yourself you're assuming his position and attacking him based on your assumption. Stop doing that shit.
My favorite is when they trained the "rebels" and it was pointed out they were just training terrorists. At least Clone Wars is still a really, really good series. SW Rebels they really are just a band of murderers.
Backed with weapons and credits by the Jedi order. Isis is demonized the world over, for good reason. They still had western backing when it was convenient. Same for the mujahadeen. Terrorists are often created by opposing governments so they don't have to "get their hands dirty". Hell look at Syria. You have Syrians fighting US-backed rebels fighting Russian-back rebels fighting Saudi-backed extremists.
Most of the people being killed off in SW Rebels are just dudes on the job. From communication techs, to police, to dock workers. Remember Han Solo was an imperial pilot and trooper at one point. It's just people trying to get by under their acting government. At least half the "stormtroopers" in SW rebels are just basically cops on the beat. Those arn't clones anymore. Those guys have families. Same for every dock and communications satellite they blow up "for the cause".
Even considering Disneys terrible canon that didn't end too well, but why would you want to prop up that corrupt establishment anyway? In several ways, the republics corruption was worse than the empires tyranny.
&gt;How was the republics corruption worse, the republic had a thousand generations of peace, people had democracy, slavery was illegal etc. So there this was guy called Palpatine. He was not only in league with the trade federation, techno union, and banking clans, but while grand chancellor of the republic he was also the man behind the succession of the confederacy of independent systems. You don't get to pick and choose like "look at the republic before Palpatine it was great!" no - that's not how this works. The Roman Empire under Nero was still the Roman Empire as if it was under Augustus. The republic was corrupt literally to it's core. You can't just turn a blind eye to that. Thats ridiculous. (plus slavery was still rampant through out the galaxy, not like they actually eliminated that)
And a person diagnosed with cancer at the end of their life might have been healthy 99% of it's existence but they still die to cancer. You seem to be caught up on slavery. How about an order that indoctrinates you in your youth and teaches you that everything natural about your body and feelings is to be repressed? You champion a system that uses slavery to it's own benefit in recruiting enforcers. Not to mention an entire slave army of genetically engineered soldiers. Yeah thats a shining beacon of existence.
I just don't worry about it. To have peace of mind you pack items so they can survive a 4 foot fall. Otherwise I don't expect underpaid employees to treat my random items as if they have some sort of value to that person.
The worst part is when the background art clearly shows what would be awesome and effective defensive areas where a real army would make a stand when the walls are given up. Choke points, bridges, streams, stairwells. All in the background and not actually interactive.
imagine if most games were designed based on what the majority do or accomplish. say goodbye to 50-75% of all game mechanics. just pop open any given games achievements page. The vast, giant majority of people who've bought games don't even play any given title for more than 10 minutes.
&gt; Why do arrow towers outrange my artillery? Am I not supposed to break walls with artillery? It would explain why it takes forever to destroy them. This is the weirdest one to me. They justified it early on by saying they want the attacking army to be forced into an engagement. Yet my last several hundred sieges has been to deploy my entire army to the left or right side out of range of any tower, kill one with siege weapons, then dog pile that corner of the wall till i can put my own archers on it to kill everyone inside. It's pretty retarded. Towers are pretty easily killed if you have 2-3 units of artillery and a lil patience. Sieges are a joke because the walls are used against the AI more than they help them. Sieges for Britonnia is a giant fuck you to their unit roster. Hi Grail Knights. How's the lady treating you as I use your own castle walls to kill you.
They need to use those towers more creatively. Have one with 360 shooting arcs sitting in the middle of a town. You just made a more interesting siege than 99.99% of TW battles.
Start a battle, pick left or right, click a tower, note it's shooting arc, deploy every single unit on top of each other outside it's arc. Boom, done. Siege at your leisure after you kill the first tower and can then move units.
you're acting like there's an epidemic of most packages arriving broken. Surprise surprise most corporations pack their shit where it doesn't break. and if you send something personal, take the responsibility of packing your shit right and not expecting minimum wage workers to carry it like its made of crystal.
you could argue the unique races comprised of non-human units has innovated the battle section in a lot of ways. Magic too. Now diplomacy, ai, sieges, and naval warfare, thats another issue.
i do it in 99% of my sieges.
but he's also playing on small unit sizes (try it, it's fun for a laugh) where a single cannon can take out entire units.
I probably agree with your position a lot more than I make known in that post.
So what if it was? During Robert's Rebellion Mace Tyrell took the entire Tyrell host, including Randy Tarly's forces that gave Robert his only defeat in the war, and went to lay siege to Storm's End. It was defended by only [500 men](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWDM6wKYnc0&amp;t=1m25s) and lasted till the end of the war.
I have 2 juuls. One isn't working that great unless I cover a side of the pod while hitting it. The other works fine. The one not working is an older one but I am under the personal impression it's BECAUSE I cleaned it with a q-tip it isn't working right anymore. The other one I've also had quite awhile but I've don't clean it nearly as much and it works fine. I think I might have pushed in a connector or something.
I mean, in the pic there's lint on the bottom and the sides of your pod like you just threw it in your pocket at some point without a protector. So you're atomizing lint.
[&lt;.&lt;](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/023/397/C-658VsXoAo3ovC.jpg)
No
I think he means Empire TW
There will always be an influx of new fanboys to keep the machine rolling. Acti-bliz isn't the first company to pull this. I left that place soon after the merger. It's been playing out for 12 or 13 years now.
It actually hurts to see someone try and make sense of that writing.
I know one thing. Don't buy that Apex box.
Ok I laughed a lot more than I thought I was going to.
Well, that does appear to be their target audience now.
Similar doesn't mean identical
History tells us not to assume the name of the company means the same people working on each future titles. People leave studios. Follow the people, not the companies.
Make 20 bear traps. Plant giant corn field. Fill with traps. Forget. Spend next week of wipe setting off your own traps.
You'd think
Trumps tarifs have raised the price of doing business for americans with no indication the chinese pay anything extra. All of the tarif expenses have been borne by the American suppliers. Id like to know your reasoning for your support.
The first comment I've read with any insight to the post.
People make games not faceless corporations. You're following faceless corporations by following "Respawn". In 5 years, the people who ARE currently Respawn might be somewhere else entirely and the corporation is comprised of people who never worked on what made you a fan. The people who made the games made you a fan. Not the faceless acquisition and mergers.
That's not how it works. Its playing out right now in reality, not whatever utopian fantasy you've deluded yourself with currently. Nobodies switching to this magical country who provides the same benefits as doing business with the Chinese which you can switch to. On paper they might because thats where chinese goods are being dropped off and repacked to avoid the tarifs (vietnam and other neighbors). This is fact. This is reality. The costs are being born by American companies. You live in a pipe dream.
Considering the historical fanboy-ism that allow companies to devolve into crap where they were once known for making quality content, then yes, just saying you will support Respawn in whatever endeavor they pursue does not show you have made any indication you know or follow the paths of the people who created the games you love. Fatalistic assumptions? [Are you that naive?](https://i.redd.it/oosn4vrgrjsz.jpg) It's following historical precedent.
Guess what superpower is going around and catering to countries who will be able to provide them cheap labor while supporting the construction of their infrastructure and national well-being? Hint, it's not America. [Spoiler.](https://www.aiddata.org/blog/chinas-financial-statecraft-winning-africa-one-yuan-at-a-time) I'm not pro-china either, I'm just showing you the facts. The line of logic you are subscribing to is currently damaging American interests and strengthening Chinese ones. They are in the process of buying up/acquiring, or plain endearing the potential low labor pools to their own national interests. What is America doing in this regard? Throwing more bombs around?
I visited my mom once who had a sort of shag carpet. When I stepped on the carpet it was like hearing murder. I look down, and found something like this [lil guy](https://previews.123rf.com/images/dabjola/dabjola1011/dabjola101100020/8198929-large-needle-to-sewing-on-white-background.jpg) about halfway through my big toe. The best part? It didn't go in needle side. It went in eyehole side. I just looked down, screamed, and pulled. It took more effort than I like to actually pull out.
And I would agree with you if there was any measure of putting into place precautions against the backlash of a trade war. But the nation didn't. It went off emotion and rhetoric and implemented policy with no back ups plans or really, plan at all. At this time Chinese goods are still profitable to China. The ONLY players who are being effected by these policies are the American side. China is still making a hefty profit. Had we built up alternative areas of growth to competitive labor pool nations, sure, I'd wholeheartedly agree with your position. But we didn't. So I don't. What we're doing isn't temporary damage. This is going to be long lasting, potentially permanent. We've cut our nose to spite our face.
If anything I would recommend people try everything other than a shonen series. Not everyone is open to annoying characters who yell a lot.
I was honestly really surprised to see Fist of the North Star on that list.
If you would like to go into a bit more detail on this issue [this guy's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0UmTEp56vw) video from dec. 2018 goes into it quite a bit. The part that sticks out to me is they sold ships, then released new ships that invalidated those old ships (the new ones were just better) creating a seedy secondary market of people trying to sell their original ships to get the new ships.
wait is it FINALLY coming back? After all that fucking teen titans go?
&gt;The first is whether buying something will make you a champion. This is not true for Hearthstone, Magic, or for that matter, golf. It also isn’t true for Artifact. I am an OK player and a mediocre deck constructor in Artifact, and access to all of the cards won't change that. I might be able to overcome the mediocre deck construction by copying someone else's deck, but it won’t make me an excellent player. Likewise, I can spend thousands on golf clubs, but it won't make me a golf champion. The fuck is wrong with this guy? I enter a foot race and a guy brings a mustang GT and he doesn't see that as pay to win because the guy driving the car might be a shitty driver?
Thats insanely impressive
Death, human trafficking, straight up fucking FACE MELTING. You weren't kidding.
Ok I am out of the loop on this one. Milkshake who in the what now? Is there a yard I should be heading to?
Alright I was a lil surprised to see yet another Cyborg origin story (I swear this is like, the 4th time I've seen one) but that was good. Looking forward to the next installment.
The Long Night in Game of Thrones lasted a single day and saw an 8 season built up threat dealt with in a single episode. The End Time's was WH's Long Night. Poorly written trash that should not be referenced to the series at large.
My dog likes to lay on me a lil when sleeping. But he locks down the blanket, and eventually has most of the bed during my unconscious movements to be more comfortable.
Definitely with the mech tonnage issue. And since they just hand you 3 medium mechs to start with, you never reeeally use the light mechs. When the game first came out I changed the files to skip the intro mission and removed the 4 medium mechs and gave myself 4 urban mechs. Then changed the files to allow the full range of half skull to 5 skull missions to appear, or in the low skull missions case, to stay. That small change made the game way more enjoyable for me though. I've been looking at this DLC to get back into it, and probably will. I just wonder how much I may have to poke around with it.
Not having a second lance option really hurt the game. MechCommander already had a good balance with this just doing tonnage limit.
So Dominions 5
He's like the opposite of a warhammer orc. Where they believe things work, so they do, he just calls them out on their bullshit.
When the hell was she ever cool? Even animated series Jean Grey was just a bargain Professor X.
You don't seem to be understanding the situation. Currently, there is no reason to take light mechs. None. I am proposing they set things up so if you felt like it, you could take the lighter mechs. You trade suitability for more units. Even taking more mechs, you likely have far less survabability and weaponry than if you just took assault mechs. I would like the option for lighter mechs. That doesn't mean additional tonnage. You do NOT need to add more enemies. Why are you so stuck on this? The entire idea of the second lance is to make it so you don't HAVE to take full assault lances. Right now, I would like the option to field more, but faster mechs. Maybe I only get 200 tons for the mission. Do I take 2 100 ton assault mechs? 4 medium mechs? or 8 light mechs? Don't change the difficulty. Don't add mechs. The mission is exactly the same. How I decide to approach the mission is the option. Right now, everyone knows this is an issue. This solution would fix that. But rather than understand the situation you seem to have this unnecessary desire to add mechs for seemingly no real reason at all. Like it's a mental block to even imagine this situation for you. Right now, there's no reason to use the light mechs. If this change was available, it wouldn't change the game a single iota for a person like you who doesn't want to do it. Play the game how it was always designed, you lose NOTHING. But for everyone who would like the OPTION to use more, lighter mechs, they now have that option. Trading the potential lives of their mech warriors for more tactics and stratagem. If the mission is going to throw 8 assault mechs at me, responding every single time with 4 assault mechs is boring. You have 2 missile boats and a tank and just eliminate one by one. You don't jump jet, maneuver, use flamers, or melee. I'd like the OPTION of going up against those 8 assault mechs with any range of mechs the tonnage would allow me to mix it with. I will never understand the mentality of when presented with options people dig in and say "NO!, your only allowed to play how "I" want to!" despite it being one of the biggest criticisms of the game. They wouldn't need to add or change anything to the mission designs as its likely more difficult to take a bunch of less armored units with less weapons than just slamming 4 assault mechs at them everytime. It's why most of us stopped playing. It wasn't interesting or difficult and it was the exact same thing every single mission.
Or just pushed the tombs cover over a few inches, drop in a single rock of dragonglass, and put the cover back. You have just future-proofed your crypt from white walker attacks.
According to these comments, many redditors did and the fact they didn't is a clear sign of failure. I don't know why they saw the initial player counts as nothing but a fad. Pretty much every single free to play game from all time has had similar population booms and busts. Didn't it take like 3 or 4 seasons for fortnite to explode?
Someday intelligent people will turn violent and things will get really interesting.
For the police? No. No there wasn't. For the reporter who exposed the story? [They arrested him on drummed up charges and channel 4 news fired him.](https://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/expos-fray-6334233) This country is a joke in regards to it's police.
And fielding more mechs means you have pilots less protected and using less weaponry than the default 4 assault mech build, because of the tonnage limit. Opening up a second lance doesn't mean you can bring 8 assault mechs, it means you can do a build actually utilizing the mediums and lights made available. The exact issue many players have with this game is there's no reason to bring a light or medium.
I've been talking in regards to the tonnage limit akin to how MC1 and 2 did it, which was an overall tonnage limit regardless of if you went with 1 mech or 12 mechs, depending on mission limit of course. If you converted every single mission currently available to what your typical drop tonnage would be (which let's face it, from 4-5 stars your bringing 400 tons of mech) and you just limit it from there. Open the second lance, but 400 tons is still the average drop limit of most missions. If you wanted to open up the variety of missions available in an expansion, you can then go beyond 400 ton into the 500 and 600 territory, with only like a 7 skull mission being possibly more than that. If you go on a "new" mission and it's limited to 200 tons, but you have 8 slots, what are you gonna do? Take 2 assaults? 4 mediums? 8 lights? a mix of something in between? It's a mech mercenary game - by all means this should have been a part of it's vision and implemented. I'm surprised it's so hard coded to the degree it can't even be modded in. But go back to that 200 ton scenario. Would heavy/assault be the most viable then? Or would you want to free up a slot for a fast moving firestarter or raven to spot for your catapult? It really would have expanded the game 10 fold to open up some strategies and have some actually dynamic missions in that regard.
Illidan's a bad guy. No, wait, he's a good guy. Ok, just kidding, Illidan's a bad guy. Except now's he's a good guy. But don't forget he's a bad guy. What time is it? Good guy Illidan time.
James Phinney helped write a majority of the first Starcraft. He was not part of the second one. I have always argued Chris Metzen is a hack.
&gt;If it was an entirely different advertising company owned by the same parent company then maybe, but not the studio itself. Congratulations. You just figured out how things work. https://www.adweek.com/brand-marketing/mega-conglomerate-warnermedia-consolidates-u-s-media-business-with-omnicoms-hearts-science/ Thats exactly how they do it.
Welcome to the internet.
Seems like you're the biggest asshole you meet on a regular basis.
Just back away slowly... it's vision is based on movement.
I don't know how many years it's been but that still says MechWarrior 2 to me. I know it's Modern Warfare but still.
Gwen Stacy noooooo
&gt;The force of wisdom possesses the knowledge and abilities to overcome power, but lacks the power itself, thus cannot do it alone. Wisdom usually seeks to contain power, or to aid the protagonist in some way. Sounds like a perfect set up for a co-op character
While I do appreciate the links I guess saying ISIS gave people the impression I based the opinion on some photo or story of him meeting some leader. I more so based my position on the basis or arming Ukraine, Syrian, Saudi Arabian, Pakistan, and all the less notable groups he's helped arm up with direct personal lobbying and politics. I've never really agreed with the shadow proxy war theology of arm everyone against China and Russia from the Mujahadeen to the FSA. Funny enough the Snopes article linked strengthened my opinion against McCain. Its more his [legacy of pushing arms deals](https://youtu.be/iRR-BgDKugY) The guys whole life is controversial and the truth probably wont be fully known from the narratives to the tin foil theories. I've gone back and forth on what I believe about him.
Well I upvoted your posts when I saw other people downvote them but i'll take your word for it that I didn't appreciate those posts. Good talk. I didn't actually read your last post (I guess I don't appreciate it now) after the first line but you have a good day.
It's different. You basically sacrifice the dynamics of most TW siege battles and no naval for the absolute crazy that is magic and monsters. Every race is unique. It's a pretty impressive game. Just not all races were created equal or shown the same levels of love, but it is what it is.
He already had his face burned off during the Lannister gold train
but the wrong way unfortunately. that backblast killed him.
[When the whole crew is stupid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWxbke3Kcks)
or a free to play Chinese mobile game with $100 currency packs.
I miss beating up Pirates and stealing their galleons.
That dog looked pretty damn harmed to me
Hey kid. Young Man! Come here little boy! ^^^Tell ^^^Dafny ^^^to ^^^run ^^^a ^^^199 ^^^on ^^^a ^^^possible ^^^Doolittle Little boooy! We'll give you wishes if you can hear us! We can make you fly, and give you candy!
It's when you pass out before expelling the excessive alcohol that you die.
I'm no expert but 5 hours? Yeah, depending on intake you would have quite a lot yet to process.
He looks like a transitioning Shia Lebouf.
I appreciate your approach to history more than the guy you're replying to. &gt;I don’t understand why it’s fashionable to defend the Red Army of WWII. Which nobody is doing &gt;I don’t understand why it’s fashionable to *understand* the Red Army of WWII. seems more of what he's upset at. Which creates a dangerous precedent of not wanting to understand the how and why of history, just who you can demonize more at the end of it.
Which then begs the question, if you know they don't care about the complaints at all, why do you care about how the complainers complain?
&gt;I don't want to just take peoples kindness/support for free. Ditch this mentality. You are providing a service. Don't sell yourself short.
I still stand by a second lance and weight limits would do wonders for this game. 4 light mechs average 125ish tons. That's a 2 skull mission. Have 2 skull missions had a weight limit of 150-200 tons. The weight limit eliminates the need to change most of the games difficulty mechanics, as some people suggested you may have to after including a second lance. You have more units, therefore there must be more enemies. Nope. There really doesn't. Because with limits it doesn't matter if you *could* field 8 mechs of lights, it might be a better idea to just take 4 mediums or a smaller amount of heavier mechs. Depends on the mission. It would open up a lot of options and strategy. And anyone complaining about turn times, eliminate escort missions with 4 wheeled APCs. Those are the worst. (I would love it if some of the allied vehicles would be ANYTHING other than wheeled APC).
No light focus'ed player ever uses the locust. Usually I'd say the go to is Firestarter, hands down. If you want something a lil slower, packing a lot less firepower, but works in a pinch, Urbanmech. And of course the medium-in-light clothing Panther. Spiders and locusts are what you field when everything else is being repaired.
UM-60L has an AC-20 but is not the Suburbanmech. That's the UM-R90 packing a PPC and a small laser (ditch the small laser and add more armor, imo).
Can you post the source of why you said he had PCP sprayed in his eyes? I keep looking but cant find anything and cant help but feel this comment is full of shit. But I'm open to being wrong.
That makes a lot more sense. I was a lil bothered when people were asking for clarification and the misinformation was repeated.
He looks like a sketchy advertisement on facebook for overseas market clothing.
Correct me if im wrong because it wad a random internet post like this I first read it but this is basically already done on a widescale as its the Japanese model.
It looks like the Amish Fellowship of the Ring is running after it.
Patrick Rothfuss and G Martin both beed to wrap their shit up and stop doing side projects. When authors put out steady work then get "known" and slow down, it makes me regret ever picking them up to begin with.
Yeah this shits getting ridiculous
Attila is one of my favorite Total Wars. Or, it would be if it wasnt that exact broken mess of a game you keep hearing about. Vassals and puppets betray you at the drop of a hat. Coop is completely and utterly broken. It is NOT possible to play out a coop campaign. Desyncs everywhere. If they fixed Attila it would be great. They seem to have abandoned it.
With that in mind, I think it just missed.
THIRTEEN!
If you want to play what amounts to a console RTS sure. I used to be excited for Iron Harvest. Than I saw them make concession after concession to offer a console experience. If you liked Starcraft 64 on Nintendo 64 this might be up your alley. If you are looking for a "CoH" like experience you are going to be really disappointed.
You think fusion is really fucking hot? -the nuclear fission gang
Arya, grabbed the the neck by the ice king, the guy whose touch turns you into ice.
It's the right political climate where I would gladly vote for a toddler who ran on a platform of waves and hugs.
Reminds me of a [skeletons favorite snack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egwDp_F_Fgc)
Even worse it spilled over to historical titles. TW feels like it's had more systems removed than added over time. Unit variety and magic are amazing. Sieges suffered greatly. For as messed up a game as Attila was, a single battle in a Attila type siege would have been amazing in WH.
I hope you [continued to believe it is real](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/news/2016/11/two-moose-found-in-ice-antlers-locked-alaska-speeddesk/). Because it is.
Oh all this shit started in the 1920's? The South Seas Trading Company wasn't a thing in 1711? The East India Company wasn't founded in 1600? The Spanish conquering South America didn't go down? The Scandinavians didn't butter Europes collective asshole from the 8th to 11th centuries? Good thing all this greed and corruption didn't make it's way into human nature until 1920.
Yeah and everyone is saying Clone Wars while I laugh and kick Steven Universe and Star vs The Forces of Evil under the carpet. I have a large extensive beard.
Even in the larger games it hardly comes into play. I have 2500 hours the majority of which are 4v4 and while I have made use of it, it's less than 10 games over the course of hundreds of matches.
As someone whose poor as fuck with roommates who eat food without asking this one is totally justified. It's not that I'm not down to share, it's the idea of the item disappearing and me having to come to terms it's gone after having thought about it. That sucks. That, and having a brand new never opened item you just bought and the next time you see it, it's opened. At least let *me* be the first to tap it, come on.
Yah know besides the Super Mario games and Minecraft (truthfully never heard anything bad about them), i've heard even criticisms of each of those other titles to preclude them being Game of the Decade.
No, you have it correct in that all units do more damage the closer they are. Except your wrong about LMGs, UCs, and kubels. They will also do more damage up close, but typically it's not worth the damage they receive in return. But seeing one dude hold out at point blank range with an lmg and get the perfect burst he will just murder people.
I always keep a 7 man squad around for exactly this reason. With 1 squad you can man 2 support weapons, or fully man 1 support weapon and still retreat to reinforce again. Perfect for keeping squads at the front for pressure without having to send back everything.
As Daruwind noted you can get a lot more mileage out of campaigns when you start them specifically to achievement hunt rather than typical win conditions. I have 100% on WH1 and 70% in WH2. It's much more satisfying having goals in mind and setting out to achieve them. Even losing campaigns can be "won" as long as you satisfy the criteria you set out for. Be it raze a certain town, or accomplish X,Y,Z task.
Not only that they managed to hamstring their other titles on Warhammers behalf. The day they announce navies are back is the day I buy another historical title. Until then, why buy a game with worse design and gameplay than already exists? New Graphics? Between Mid2, Shogun2, Empire, and Warhammer, Rome 2 and Attila what do the newer titles give me that those ones don't?
Attila would have been the best TW for me if they ever fixed coop and their netcode. The biggest thing for me when TW:WH hit was that coop actually worked. It amazed me. You could do a coop campaign with few to no desyncs. I was really impressed. But to this day Attila cannot be played coop. It is a broken mess that desyncs every other turn. If they ever fixed that game, it would be a near perfect experience for me.
On a 100% organic, soy-based machine powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction.
I mean if you're going to have parrots as pets, this is sort of respectable isn't it?
my dog would play with this for 5 minutes than if I stopped looking, would stop and chew right through that rope.
It's not like there's any other stories like this or that greatly blow it out of the water like [giving away $75 million from the Matrix to the FX guys](https://daily.lessonslearnedinlife.com/keanu-reeves-gives-millions-to-matrix-crew-members)
[picture of the theater to get an idea of what happened](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rx4gAq1kmMQ/ThacOaip5vI/AAAAAAAAAbU/cR_Gv7Al_zk/s1600/The+Graphic.jpg) An excerpt from elsewhere not on wiki. &gt;The bodies of the dead children were laid out in front of the hall so that parents could identify them. One particularly tragic case is that of a man and wife who walked down the rows of the dead together; the woman pointed to one little child, identifying it as theirs. A little further down the row she pointed to another, and at the end of the row, another, before breaking down and crying out "My God! All my family, gone!" further reading with far more detail: http://www.davenportcollection.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/D-Arnold-talk-The-Fays.pdf
where you the guy cheering for a non-potato machine in the match last night with the Best Is On guys?
Thank you for confirming you are unable to even recognize points of debate. You prove time and again, modern day democrats are spineless cowards. You deserve your president. The world is truly a dumber place for having you in it. Removal of yourself and your entire gene pool would give the world a chance. Unfortunately the cancer that is you is determined to see it become terminal.
My memories fuzzy but I believe Initial D had those plastic cards that would save your info on it.
I don't think a helmet would have helped him here bro.
That place off the ~~91~~ 605 and.. uhh... Stonebrook? In Diamondbar? I used to live near there. Thats where I saw those cabinets like 16 years ago.
There's Best Is On Fire and Best Is On Water that usually play with Best Is On Air. Just a dumb meme name that stuck for awhile. But there was a guy super happy about his new pc and talking about how the game now looked gorgeous. Made me smile.
a quarter million to a half million dollar car when they are new for anyone wondering
I like seeing factions expanded on but at some point the love given to Skaven vs literally any other race is just telling. Orcs, Wood Elves and Beastmen still waiting over here.
https://imgur.com/a/xQiYlc2 All of these funds - including the tapping into the FAFSA/PELL - was done through the SNAP program. It's government funds foremost with any eligible PELL money also taken into account. I'm not making shit up guy. Sure not everyone who is going to ask for me help I'll be able to point into a 100% success direction but I guarantee I can help a few
What are we considering here? SNAP benefits. What qualifies that? A head of household. But is that the same as filing for taxes as HoH? Nope. Is it the same as filing for FAFSA as an under 24 dependent? Nope. https://howtogeton.wordpress.com/snap-household-rules-food-stamps-ebt/ &gt;If you live with other people but do not share food, they are not part of your food stamps household. You read that right: You can live in the same house and be a different household. &gt;According to the regulations, someone is not part of your household if they purchase and prepare food separately. If this is your situation, food stamps regulations state that they will NOT consider the income of the people you live with. SNAP Federal Regulations for Household. I currently resided in a house with multiple HoH for benefits purposes. This is not related to filing taxes. This is not related to filing for FAFSA. This is soley for SNAP - which is separate. Now to clarify, I do not 100% know what they would do to verify the information but I imagine looking at your taxes is the first thing they would do. Now does that make what I said accurate? No idea. But in exchange for a $72,000 education, missing out on $2000 in taxes seems worth it.
I can't really claim to know 100% what they are doing in regards to the rich kids, but what you posted is what I'm thinking. They are gaming the system somehow acquiring benefits they shouldn't have access to. This is just the closest educated guess I can take for it. But SNAP also has less stringent requirements to get onto SNAP than FAFSA applications. And once in SNAP, the previous concerns about age, parent income, and everything else falls to the wayside because you're in SNAP and eligible for Education and Training. Plus a ton of people reading this don't have to game anything, they are qualified right now without anything extra and are just unaware of the opportunities afford them. I'm still confident about most of what I posted, and a ton of it has relevance even if I was wrong about a detail.
I believe it can be argued that England is the worst country of all time. Raped the world for profit and sowed generations of racism.
Literally started saying "yeeeees" when you started on the helmet.
Then you reset up and right when he's ready to start shooting, oops, empty mag, better reload.
You didn't just bring a bunch of trash ships to capture it and use it as a 1 ship superfleet blowing up enemy ships in 1 volley through the rest of the game?
We had better code for buying weed in high school than these guys did in talking about murder.
Game looks great, trailer was cool, but god damn did they need to emphasize how much Vegeta plays second fiddle to Goku? Poor guy can't catch a break. Even becomes an ad for his rival.
Reminds me of [angry scooter man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRTcZKHkENw)
So a slap isn't nearly a stab, but after reading how a rider's horse was stabbed during a battle, the horse took the stabbing man's nose in its teeth and ripped his entire face off so he was a "living death's head", I wouldn't consider messing with horses.
Dominions 5 is notable to me because it's this weird turn based strategy game that plays like this crazy 4x Dungeons and Dragons title with 3 ages, dozens of distinct civilizations, hundreds of gods, spells, units, and items. You set up your armies in fairly basic formations at the start of the game, typically swordsmen in front, archers behind, and cavalry scripted to attack the enemy rear. All actions are scripted before battle. Later on instead of blood and steel you summon world ending undead, nigh-invulnerable angels, powerful Djinn, demons, devils, and all manner of creatures. Mages sling fireballs and lightning bolts while the greatest of them emit apocalypse level destruction on the battlefield, killing hundreds or thousands within mere minutes. The game *looks* super basic. Bad graphics. But I don't know many other games with more going on "under the hood". The calculations get crazy. Hard game to convince people to give a shot, but oh man thats a unique experience.
Just - go.
Wondering the same thing. Like, is it a prosthetic? Looks like his shoe fell off someone. Likes of mind fuckery going on there.
Alright, I actually figured this out. He doesn't have a shoe on the other foot. Mr. Brains here was going to slide down the banister like a ninja. As he was positioning to intentionally cast off the shoe, he unintentionally did so early.
thats clearly a shoe at 3 seconds
spikes don't need to be made of wood. Just use metal. Stick a bunch of rebar in a pit and call it a day.
Yeah this post is very casually pro-bank for fucking you over for small fees nobody agreed to and most opt of. Lots of support for it too. Fuck that guy for being upset being charged $40 for when he has no money right?
that man has a deep cavity
Meanads
Been giving them cover since before 9/11
Solution: second gate. Moar GATES.
"I have no confidence in any of my teammates". Yep.
Needs to be carnosaurs. They are impossible to lock down into melee. You just need to attack and when the Carno jumps an entire units length into an infantry line, then you click to move. You never actually"move" move with the carno. It hes in a fight, attack in the direction you want him to go. He'll get there.
Than it becomes a battle royal mod with the advisor, skaven scribe, professor farnsworth, deckard cain, and that guy saying SHAMEFUR DISPLAY duke it out.
I preferred many aspects of TF1 over TF2 and that was one of the big ones. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zOaP7y5DaE) manages to showcase quite a few but not all of them.
Is it china's population density, geographic location, pollution, combination of the 3, or other factors that lead to China evolving crazy human epidemics?
Just so you know such dismissive comments can have a lifelong impact on a child. They will be less likely to come to you with something they find interesting in the future. Don't squander your child's interests.
For a second I thought Kylo was in some sort of meta situation he actually put himself in. Good job with the photoshop.
Except they retroactively made fall of the samurai a saga and I call bullshit. That game has more solid mechanics than main titles.
Warhammer dogs are good for killing fleeing units. They almost seem to have a special characteristic there to do it the fastest. Atilla dogs are for the lulz. They CAN fuck up light infantry and light cavalry but you cannot control them once released. In one of the few coop battles me and a friend played (Atilla just doesn't work coop) it led to an absolutely amazing scenario where mid fight I let the dogs loose and they killed a couple of units than disappeared for a long time. It was a super close fight and we weren't sure if we we're going to win as a fresh unit was coming to fight our hurt ones. Then sure enough, a couple hundred dogs came back from fucking off around the map and absolutely cleaned up the last few units. I love Atilla dogs and always try to make them work even if they are unreliable.
When your understanding of guns physics all comes from Call of Duty.
Beastmen: nonaggression pact? Okay but don't spend the rest of the game raiding me. Beastmen: ..... God damnit.
I hope as that officer picked him up he was just asking wtf the other one was doing knocking him down to begin with.
That period of warhammer history just doesn't seen that well covered. But I don't see the issue? Ostermark was Ostermark before it was the League of Ostermark. &gt;Though having existed during the founding of the Empire, the League itself was formed out of the chaos of the late 19th century I found the part about Sylvania under Empire of Man, Founding of an Empire. &gt;Stirland and Averland, meanwhile, aggressively expanded into the less fertile eastern regions of their home provinces, pressing into the foothills of the Worlds Edge Mountains the Dwarfs claimed as their own, which lead to occasional violent clashes. In the process, they incorporated the lesser tribes and small kingdoms of related Human peoples that had never joined Sigmar's confederation, particularly the Fennones, whose lands became the new Imperial province of Sylvania under the domination of Stirland. https://warhammerfantasy.fandom.com/wiki/Empire_of_Man#The_Founding_of_an_Empire_.28_0_to_50_IC.29 so what he is saying, on some level, is true.
&gt;Their naked, mutilated bodies were strung up on the nearby public gibbet, while the Orangist mob partook of their roasted livers in a cannibalistic frenzy. Throughout it all, a remarkable discipline was maintained by the mob, according to contemporary observers, making one doubt the spontaneity of the event Less savage, more calculated and plotted.
Well, they seemed to have just placed that bottle onto the display car. Which some other jackass was damaging and that bottle fell to the floor and broke. So Jake and his guys didn't take that bottle, didn't drink that bottle, and seemed to have put it down and just went to do what they were there for, which was to film. I hate defending people I dislike.
I can't find a source of that so it's likely he's making it up. I don't see the Hans' as ever having written that story.
I'd like to see it out score a full rage mode papa scorch.
And Araby is also excluded from pretty much anything official.
I never took 3D printing seriously till this very moment
That's a surprisingly well made dog mask. When you see it's eyes reflect, it's just impressive.
God damn conservatives with their hippy wizard prophet.
And than destroyed the location he got the chicken from for failing to meet his standards.
[Stanley Milgram](https://www.simplypsychology.org/milgram.html)
Hated him despite the fact all his motivations made perfect sense. He watched the wildlings John loved eat his family.
But it worked for Nixon!
And if anyone is actually interested in the power dynamic of why systems won't change even with sympathetic leaders, watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rStL7niR7gs)
[Why cherry pick Nero or Caligula when you have Augustus Caesar and George Washington?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_slave_owners)
In the World of Warcraft you enter the Sunken Temple to calm the corrupted spirit of one of the Emerald Dragonflight, who was a guardian of the remains of an old blood God. After defeating the dragon, his corrupted essence was bound into a crystal. You can take this crystal to his brother who resided in a cave who explained his story and bound you by oath to Ysera's Dragonflight to free Eranikus's soul. Many people decided to just keep him because he gave you a poison cloud ability. His quest was unfinished and stopped at the oath. One day be just shows up in a place called the Moonglade with his buddy Malfurion and is totally fine after an event there. Despite most likely in your backpack or his uncompleted quest.
Some of my favorite fights were 1 v 5 as a higher level vs an allied group running to scarlet monastery or similar. We also formed a group of lvl 45 hunters to hunt lvl 60s (hunters could hit damn near anything regardless of level). That was a ton of fun. We could take down 2.5 geared players even later on.
We will donate to the cause you care about! ^^1% ^^of ^^the ^^proceeds ^^of ^^the ^^sale! ^^^^Up ^^^^to ^^^^$100,000 ^^^^^^than ^^^^^^we ^^^^^^keep ^^^^^^it
A large portion of those that feel like they are fighting for justice have built their lives and reputations on a conflict that would see a lot of them looking for new lines of work if that conflict ended. So you get mud slinging instead of working towards a common goal. I found out that the Occupy Wallstreet movement willfully segregated based on race and sex so that there was a latino caucus, a black caucus, a women's caucus, etc (except no white caucus cuz that would be racist right?) and than had everyone in racial blocks competing for limited resources. What's that always sparked in the past? Conflict.
The one where the science determines if the animal was upset at it's captivity or was more upset at it's removal of a job function it thrived from. I'm not an animal behavior expert so I would be interested in that science over emotional internet outrage comments determining my conclusion. For the record i'm going with the tried and true sea creatures don't do well in confined spaces theory, while fully admitting *I don't know*.
Which is an experience I wouldn't recommend for anyone and personally believe amounts to torture. I mean the locked up version. Never did a voluntary tank.
Never has been and as long as it continues to be the narrative it never will be resolved. It's always been socio-economic issues. People who have blinded themselves to any other fact of the matter don't realize they contribute to the divisive picking of sides that perpetuates the conflict. Once you dig into history the narratives never match up. You see everybody were always pitted against each other and would always use a scape goat to get a leg up on one another. Merely buying into that conflict sends you down an incorrect path.
Because white privilege is a lie. Kelly Thomas and Daniel Shaver didn't get to play some magic white card when cops shot them dead. Rich is a privilege. The comment "you share more in common with someone in your tax bracket than your skin color" was a recent comment that stuck out to me.
This country was built for anglo-saxon settlers and they have been at odds with every other group that's come up. Grouping them all together as white is a contrivance of convenience. I'll take an example from a professor of polish and black relations in America. &gt;the real cause of the anti-Black feeling that existed among Polish immigrants by the end of the nineteen twenties was clearly the product of the bitter job competition between Poles and Blacks. You can follow this literal play by play of history for whatever group you want. Irish vs English, German vs Italian, Polish vs pretty much everyone. What you are forgetting about the angle I'm coming from is one where the groups that recognize they have shit in common, and come together, usually get shit done. When they split people apart, it's all according to plan. &gt;The most menacing image of the Black was that of the armed company guard. In some cases, Blacks were used as guards during strikes in which a largely Polish and East European work force was subjected to violence. The most notable example was the 1893 Lemont Massacre near Chicago in which Black scabs imported from the South armed with Winchester rifles shot down a large number of Polish immigrant workers. At least six were killed and more than twenty five were wounded. Black people being armed by company bosses and shooting the workers to take their jobs. Would you call that black privelege? I would call it being manipulated by more powerful forces to pit poles vs blacks when by all accounts they had more in common with each other than poles and the mine bosses despite sharing the same skin color. &gt;The only area in which'the Polish leadership would not accede to the demands of Blacks was their request for special efforts to hire and promote Black workers. This refusal reflected their long rivalry with the Blacks and their own sense that they too had been discriminated against. Go figure this shit has been going on for decades and doesn't change. Almost like we're not having the correct conversation. http://www.piastinstitute.org/uploads/6/9/8/8/69881853/the_relations_between_polish_americans_and_blacks_in_america_radzilowski_t.pdf
Police reform will help everyone. Addressing issues of poverty will help everyone. Educating the community will help everyone. But there are a lot of people who will make allies of a similar cause enemies because they feel they haven't suffered as much or enough for them. Despite the fact that if you do go into history, you find it's not the case. It's just a narrative that's been fed into so much it's taken on a life of it's own. People's careers and livelihoods depend on this conflict being waged in this way. Thats not a good thing.
More so I challenge the assumptions of privilege those that make the claim exists. It's a constant matter of moving the goal posts. Are we referring to the majority population? Whats the tangible goal you can pin point? Does white privilege exist for everyone? What about prisoners? Drug offenders? The homeless? Daniel Shaver? My family is mixed. I would argue it's a matter of culture. I don't see any barriers holding back my family who are of color. I see people argue about intangibles ideas, mostly involving areas of cultural dominance which I would agree is an issue. People tend to stay in their own enclaves and refuse to interact with those outside of it. Those that do partake find themselves welcomed and with plenty of opportunity. The ones finding themselves on the outside are in many ways putting themselves there. On that point, I would argue it's not even their fault. I would again say it's going perfectly according to plan of those who are in power and wish to stay in power, pitting people of similar social class against one another so they argue those points rather than how they all have similar situations they wish to escape. Despite the fact that personal revelations never get far on reddit, I'm currently waiting for the courts to open up to close out my court case the city never truly had a case about they illegally imprisoned me for. I'm putting together my civil suit against them for malicious prosecution among other things. Go figure we both don't like being harassed by the police, having our lives and job prospects ruined, and having lies leveled against us that could have life long implications. It's been 3 years since I was originally arrested for a crime I didn't commit. In a thread about a white man being gunned down by police. At what point do you accept that we are the same? Sure, I can never know what it's like to be black. But I can't help but assume you think white is easy mode, when we face the same issues buddy. We all want to change the system. Not just to help you, or help me. But to help us all.
"Please don't be neurological disorder. Please don't be neurological disorder" it's sex "Phew"
Cool it with the aggression attitude dude. You should welcome discussion instead of being so abrasive about it. The thing is I live in essentially the trenches of this issue every day so take a moment to check yourself on those assumptions. I'm a human services worker precisely because I gave a shit enough about to issue to devote time of my life to address it. That being said you kinda completely avoided the question at hand but I can see this issue can be emotionally charging. Which is part of the problem too. I could easily prey on those notions to further distort your world view that this is all a race issue and not an economic one. You are conflating middle class populations with lower class ones. Have you ever been to prison or been rung through the court systems? They don't give a shit about your race dude. But that mindset, that aggresiveness it breeds, can you not see how that just makes people choose camps and invent the issue for themselves? The solution I propose is still the same one you probably do. Enable those at the bottom. Educate them. Give them opportunities to better themselves. Get better jobs. Give their kids a better childhood than they had. Let them live free of harassment, of the threat of trumped up criminal charges being leveled against them, of the threat of being shot on the street because of who they are. This isn't an issue only one race is effected by.
It's a goofy kid who went to go look at the aftermath of storm destruction. His intention to film had no relation to catching the car crash on film.
I would say https://www.racialequitytools.org/resourcefiles/martinas1.pdf about sums up what you're saying correct? If so I would address some of the points made there, if you are up for it.
Sorry you feel that way man, really. I have actually thanked several people already for being able to have a conversation even if we don't agree. I don't agree with people downvoting those I'm responding to. I think discussion is important. But I have ran into a faction of people who seek to marginalize peoples experiences in a bit of a hypocritical fashion. They don't wish to have a discussion and with valid points raised get quite angry and would rather censor than debate. I would prefer you don't add to that groups population but seriously, I'm sorry that having the discussion is condescending to you. If you have points to raise on how easier it would be to digest the philosophy I just entertained to you without changing it, I'm up to hear it. I don't think i'm wrong.
&gt;The problem is that you seem very disingenuous and dismissive and that is a classic tactic. Sir, I can't help but ask. How is this, and the last comment, not doing exactly what is quoted above? I have listed sources, expanded on my position, and provided real life historical examples. I see you are trying to shut me down at this point with an ad hominem attack. Is this the route we are going?
I'm positing that many of the issues are distorted in a manner that doesn't actually solve the problem but makes it worse.
I agree with the top part. Sorry I stepped outside and might of missed something, what's the bottom part about? Cuz like I still recognize republican racists for example but just also take issue using similar tactics to combat it.
I can see where you feel that way. I'm not sure if it was to you or not but you can see in my comments I refer to a legal situation I'm in. Which is where I find myself. I have this philosophy, but yet seem to agree with every one of your tenants except that one. I personally have the mind set I'm arguing with essentially my own side from adopting views they actively abhor or in this case combatting a view that's been pushed for decades. I want to find the under pinning issues. It's of my opinion the constructs of the racial argument are argued in a manner that continues and furthers the issues it's meant to fight. Take that link I sent you a bit back, go over the whole thing briefly. If you're up to it I'm down to show conflicting viewpoints to several raised in that link. I just want to know how much you agree with it or if you don't agree with parts.
And sorry I moved to a phone if this gets a lil sloppy in grammar.
I just imagine Sergei chilling while everyone freaks out below. He's just enjoying his time flying through space.
Thats why you just play Ikit and say fuck it and nuke it
And they are always waiting for one to happen. I think you're on to something.
Nah man. Yeet is already past tense. And present tense. And future tense. Like Moose being plural.
Having just watched that, what the hell was the set up? To be thrown from rafters to a sketchy scaffold? And then they missed their tiny target area? I saw very little chance of whatever they were doing there succeeding.
Shouting show me your hands while sending 50,000 volts of electricity through someone is like winning the lottery for cops apparently.
Really depends on the aims of the movement. Do they wish to push for equal and fair treatment of all people, or do they push for revenge? Not all members of this movement appear to be on the same page. While some have legitimate grievances, others are pushing an agenda of hate. Noticing this, I have my doubts as to the power of the movement, their motivations, and their ability to enact real unbiased change.
magic girl reincarnation of an ancient line of heroes. Or a vampire.
On that note I saw someone condemn the notion of all lives matter as white nationalism. Keep in mind nobody in the conversation ever brought up the all lives matter label. Some peoples identity are intrinsically tied to their struggle. They don't want to give that up despite the irony of the situation.
Did they really need a bot to push this agenda? Statistics like this like to ignore poverty rates. They like to ignore what demographic makes up that poverty. Ignoring the issue to keep making the discussion racial is why nothing is going to be fixed. The fact you guys are now using bots to push this stuff just makes me draw parallels to the groups you guys say you hate.
Except Hong Kong was separated from China as a result of the Opium Wars where the East India Company addicted an entire nation to Opium in their pursuit of tea leaves they no longer wanted to trade silver for. Jardines is Hong Kongs second largest employer outside the government.
20'000 polish officers were massacred in Katyn. Poland fought the Germans tooth and nail and were betrayed by every ally they had. Kill a few hundred thousand of the good people and it's easy to point to it and say "see they have all these bad people there".
The Polish were betrayed before WW2 and after WW2. They Polish were not free when the Nazis were defeated. They were left behind the iron curtain. The Russians didn't want jews. Poland was no longer able to make it's own decisions and the west wasn't going to help them.
That whole country is a shit show of history. More so I'm trying to make a point that when your leadership is destroyed you're probably not in the position to say your forces or citizens are in control. How many Poles trust the British just to get themselves killed? How many Poles trusted the Russians just to get themselves killed? It's not that surprising the country doesn't emerge better for it.
We're talking about police during a time of foreign occupation and a time of conscription and drafts. [Schutzmannschaft Battalion 202](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schutzmannschaft_Battalion_202) is a prime example. They wanted Polish police to participate. They got **2** volunteers. Nobody wanted to join. They had to force people to join. What happens when all of your Grade A Leadership is either murdered, forcefully drafted, in exile, or actively fighting as partisans?
[the kid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp5bWydhKHE)
whats the reference because it looks like he just repeated the comment with 1 less word?
fuck that took too long to click even with your explanation.
Huh, was going to skip over it till this comment. And holy shit that wasn't a skit. (or if someone somehow proves it was that was the best acting i've ever seen.)
Titanfall 1 conscription burn card and a load of hacked spectres is one experience TF1 had over TF2. Frontier Defense should have purchasable grunt deployments. I don't care if they are useless.
Propaganda mine makes me think you would be walking through a forest and all the sudden a sign pops up out of the ground saying "go home".
Try to play Factorio with a group of friends. Organizing the first five minutes is the hardest part.
The time where people are unable to split off the main line due to limited resources means everyone's time is only really important in the beginning. Unless your friends are knuckleheads who truly don't know how to work together. Then hey, maybe it is more difficult later.
I just wish flame cannons had more range.
It's like these guys have never taken a stack of basic archers and deleted a high end unit with them. Doesn't matter if they do 1 dmg a hit if you hit them with 10,000 of them. And Irondrakes do exponentially more damage than a basic archer.
[This is the stuff I grew up on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpuhLkh358Y) also [The toys were sick](https://d2mpxrrcad19ou.cloudfront.net/item_images/874002/10345561_fullsize.jpg)
And this is why PS1 did a lot of things better. Rather than waiting for a random players Galaxy, you had the HART option that would sync you with a bunch of other random players to drop pod, so when you dropped, they all did too. But you could still drop anywhere you felt like.
Meanwhile Atilla is in the corner completely unplayable in coop.
He promised other people money that wasn't his and has the audacity to say he's a warrior for God. What a dirtbag.
Yeah that was straight up murder from the cop.
&gt;Seems like a lot of you are going through this right now with tobacco and states upping the age to 21. Which pisses me off to no end. Juul caused me to stop smoking cigarettes (in my 30s) and it's been pretty great ever since. No cigarette butts, no ashes, no smell, and there's no question - it's healthier. But than fucking Karen found her kid vaping some illegal shit he bought on the black market that was a THC cart cut with vitamin-E acetate that really fuck your lungs up. So they went after Juul. They blamed Juul for their stupid kid's decisions to buy some shady shit. Juul didn't make it, it had nothing to do with nicotine vapes, and Juul even willfully ended their flavor lines which absolutely destroyed their company value and market share. You can't buy a flavored Juul cart now, because of an issue they had nothing to do with they got massive blame for. Throw on a bunch of other misguided Karen based issues and now if you want to partake in a vape, you are probably using Eonsmoke, Puffbar, Hyde, or a slew of other products manufactured in China. Destroyed an American product and innovator of the industry while opening up the market for copy cats and foreign competitors.
Also fun fact, snails shoot love darts into other snails to identify if its a snail of its species to breed with. I learned this when finding out information about a fictional Dungeons and Dragons creature called a flail snail. The love dart is a real thing. [It actually exists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_dart)
You sir win. The shadow comment made me check those. The shadow of the base of the crane is going the wrong way compared to the shadow of the crane claw. Unless this took place on Tatooine it's impossible.
This whole thread discusses far more specific plot points. You have a lot more comments to make.
energy transfer + energy field will also give multiple titans shields if they are close enough
As 99% of games are attrition, yeah. But when Last Titan Standing was more of a thing the other abilities came into play more.
How dare you try and take a reasoned and unemotional approach to this situation.
Nah, they set up a perfect shield wall formation ready to completely devastate the orc charge and instead only got to make benefit of a single push before their lines were broken and everybody was fighting one vs one. Notice 5 minutes later the footage is of the elves getting wrecked and then abandoning the fight for the city, causing the dwarves to back all the way up to Erebor. I appreciated the pre-battle footage of the dwarves vs the elves precisely because it used actual tactics instead of the trope of let's all break into single fights.
Maybe I just have a crappy keyboard but I could only ever get the attack button to work for about 3 seconds than doesn't matter what it's bound too. I see it's suggested to play with a controller but I really prefer side scroll fighters with the keyboard. Sweet game but was just me dying and jumping for 8 minutes and messing with options as it would never swing an attack.
This isn't even an issue unique to Greenskins. I was playing elves coop with a buddy and I couldn't get influence while he could. Any faction that has some sort of unique mechanic like that just plain won't work for one of the players.
I would watch a show of people bricking themselves out of windows all day
It's a weird different skillset. I come back every now and then and while I can't wall hop or run for shit I can still shoot. Walking slow and methodically while shooting the 10,000 mph pilots flying by has it's own satisfaction.
Pretty much everyone hung up on racial issues and blind to the fact they are socioeconomic. That race conflict is a game being played for thousands of years. So currently millions of people.
I'm no fan of the government but this is a lot of rhetoric. Bill Gates doesn't pay my unemployment or my food stamps. Also the GDP is exponentially higher than in the 1950's. Are you to suggest the government should just stop all current social programs and rely on billionaire's philanthropy? Did you even take your thought to any of it's logical conclusions? I agree the government wastes a lot of money. The idea you could collect more from those who could afford it while at the same time auditing your budget and eliminating wasteful spending are not mutually exclusive concepts.
Without actual data but going at a face value sum we could assume the richest are paying an effective 18% tax rate ?
I don't think that's something he ever stops doing. It's his resting state, active state, past, present, and future state.
This thought took a second to visualize but yet, yes it does.
Yah nah, Wild Wild West was fine. After Earth he has no excuses.
I preferred 1. Conscript burn cards and hacked spectres made cracking open a cold one with the boys that much more satisfying. I wish they had explored Frontier Defense more and had the A.I. allies show up again, or even had competitive Frontier Defense.
Where were his allies armor? Even with that loss, if they had like, ANYTHING to throw into that final fight they could have made a good trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCbsTDWeNcU
From my 15 minute investigation it looks like he hits on young looking women and will bang you the second you turn 18 but otherwise waits. Suuuper creepy but legal behavior. Shit some states you don't even need to be 18.
Dudes a creep but you have a point in that the same people calling for his head are ones who probably love Leonardo Dicaprio. And that dudes banged more 18 year olds than this dude ever will.
Well we can. We let them out of quarantine.
Hawaii has it's own mix of indigenous/white/Japanese racism going on. That whole states story of entering the union is pretty tragic.
Slow down! She needs time to learn the forms!
Hello there
3 seconds later, "Hammond Robotics bootloader v 832...."
The dude saying carbon capture isn't financially viable and talking shit about industry funding is a god damn tool. I could give a shit less if the worst companies are the ones funding this tech, because NOBODY ELSE IS. Take up your moral high ground when you can fund the program without their help.
Considering that line also came from a comedy act I kinda doubt anyone who originally said it would suggest to take your morale philosophy from comedians.
Nah the worst is when your team clearly sees your popping batteries off Titans and into them but when they see you rodeoing a doomed Titan for that last sweet battery pull, they shoot it before you finish the animation.
Crushed kneecaps
Booyah.
[What about Cigo Man?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXMuWi0dUBc)
And that's when the factions you haven't allied or made vassals gets invited by their natural enemies who they have -188 relations with to join the war against you, the man they have +254 relations with.
It's because the mom was more impressed he shot the bubble gum. Technically, he never shot her in the face. He hit the bubble.
The water table has also depressed to the point that many farmers can no longer simply dig deeper to get water.
Not like John stuck to the fucking plan to begin with.
With the literal fate of the entire world possibly seated on my actions to rescue a brother I thought dead knowing it was sadistic bait by someone waiting for me to make a mistake? Oh fuck yeah buddy totally downvote that idea, that someone wouldn't be a complete fucking idiot.
1. The whitewalkers. Jon knew of them. They were coming. 2. He DID let him die. So your logic there can get thrown out too. I just had to address 2 asinine points. Have better questions.
An RTS mod where you play like Natural Selection 2 with a commander playing in an RTS mode and calling in spectres, grunts, and other AI support.
You still want to maze off the bucketway. I would say the bucket caves are a liability. Any rust player watching videos can figure out how to get down there. Going through the doors was never that bad for how much protection they give. You can force upwards of 12+ wall/door breaks to get in. What it really allows a smart solo player to do is stockpile sulfur or have a shop nearby where you can just pay off an actual clan to kill anyone you have an issue with. If you don't have a cave, splitting your loot into multiple small scattered bases can work really well for minimizing losses/people will often ignore small bases entirely.
You can power caves. You need a power base above it but it works. I powered my cave. Youtube has videos on how to do it.
Well, honestly, the toxicity of Rust is part of that game. The cutthroat nature makes the game super dangerous and thats part of the appeal. That being said, I actually loved playing Rust with the intent of never being mean and trying to help out people a lot. That and running around with a guitar a lot. Plus everybody gets really pissed when the shop that sells nearly everything gets raided. So playing against that toxic dynamic has some appeal as well.
You can't even spell a word presented to you correctly. I am impressed.
I'm still waiting for you to grasp the English structure. Look up syntax and parsing.
Hit space after putting a period.
You should take a lap like Rickon
John Snow is still a moron and anyone who thinks he did good in the battle of the bastards is also a moron. Have a good day!
Maybe you get better at analyzing situations and writing sentences. As long as you turn out less dumb as a log we've accomplished something.
Later man, but work on better come backs so you don't come off as the same unintelligent dipshit as when you started. Tootles.
Amber is hard to acquire till you unlock diplomacy tech and every race in the old world is looking to butter you up. After you unlock those the military/defensive alliances roll in and you get Amber for every territory those allies have.
This shit isn't new. Do you know why Russia lost in Afghanistan in the first place? Because USA gave the rebels a bunch of anti aircraft shoulder launchers and kept blowing up the HIND and other helicopters. All the people acting outraged at this haven't read a history book. This shit is par for the course.
Probably the best way to go about things to be honest.
Could you imagine if battles legitimately had the epic walls Warhammer calls for? You would need to bring an army of skaven slaves and actually hit every part of the wall for once.
Nah dude that's the [W.B. Frog](https://imgur.com/gallery/6OjbeEw)
Yes
They just never explain that well why Brock lost all sense of self worth and purpose to follow around Ash in the anime. Misty had bitchy sisters. Brock just seemed bored. And he was my favorite character.
I was looking for it but I know at one point there was a post where the entire enemy team was running into a hallway and just perfect stormed the situation where 1 shot got them all.
Yeah Google it
And they had her turn around at literally the last second.
I too installed Shadow Tactics and enjoyed it for 2 hours before uninstalling it.
I admit I don't play any of them but the titles are quality. My epic store account I haven't spent anything on is: observer A short hike AER Memories of Old Alan Wake's American Nightmare Anodyne 2: Return to Dust Ape Out Ark: Survival Evolved Assassins Creed Syndicate Aztez Bad North: Jotun Edition Batman Arkham Asylum GOTY Batman Arkham City GOTY Batman Arkham Knight Borderlands 2 Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel Carcasonne Celeste City of Brass Costume Quest Darksiders 2 Deathinitive Edition Darksiders Warmastered Edition Dauntless Death Coming Drawful 2 Enter the Gungeon Everything Faeria Farming Simulator 19 Faster than Light Figment Gonner Grand Theft Auto V Hello Neighbor Horace Hyper Light Drifter InnerSpace Into the Breach Kingdom Come: Deliverance Lego Batman 2 DC Super Heroes Lego Batman 3 Beyond Gotham Lego Batman The Videogame Little Inferno Metro 2033 Redux Minit Mutant Year Zero Road to Eden Mutazione Nuclear Throne Offworld Trading Company Overcooked Oxenfree Pathway Rayman Legends RiME Ruiner Samurai Showdown Neogeo Collection Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun Sid Meier's Civilization VI SOMA Steep Stories Untold Stranger Things 3: The Game Subnautica Sundered Eldritch Edition SUPERHOT Surviving Mars The Escapists The Messenger The Stanley Parable The Talos Principle The Wolf Among Us Ticket to Ride Tormentor X Punisher Totally Accurate Battle Simulator Towerfall Ascension Transistor Watch Dogs World War Z Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair Total Spent: $0 I missed some of the free games too. I admit I don't play any of them, but those are good games and anyone saying otherwise is trying to be some jaded edgy teen.
Anything with giant ride able cats gets an upvote
The evil races have dark skin because they live underground, travel at night, and being dark gives an environmental advantage. Albino anything is relatively rare in the underdark for anything that isn't a prey species. Look if you're looking to cast racism into D&amp;D it has to be from extreme ignorance. The [Calishites](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/the-bestiary/images/a/ae/CalishiteFR.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150406220952) and [Turami](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/forgottenrealms/images/9/93/Anton_Marivaldi.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20170203192825) exist. Looking for racism in Dark Elves is like looking at all Hill Giants being white people and saying it's an allegory all white people are giant gluttonous moronic rednecks.
It opened up 16,500 years ago (when glaciers melted) and lasted for about 4500 years before the sea swallowed it up 11,000 years ago.
It was 620,000 square miles and lasted for 4500 years. There was vegetation. It was a grassy and shrub filled land. There was a lot of it. It sustained the mega fauna of the region.
That's when pilots turn into grunts. "He's trying to corner us!"
Well yeah going from that trailer he straight killed a guy.
I'm not a fan of defending government services but there are a few issues with this article. (disclaimer: this is just pointing out issues with the article, I'm not a fan of this subject matter or the implication of defending it in any way) 1 &gt;“The significant majority of those who are subjected to these traumatic crimes don’t currently have the confidence to report to the police, and a small minority of those who do go on to see the perpetrator even charged, let alone convicted. &gt;“This means the overwhelming majority of people committing these serious offences are walking free.”. The "data" this group is using seems to be relying on testimonial stories and an assumed rate of rape based on each report being 100% factual despite prosecution. The article seems to be using several different data sets but intermixing how they reference them, and not clarifying when they do. 2 &gt;Following numerous reports from rape complainants saying that police were demanding access to their mobile phones, new forms were released last year to formalise the requests. &gt;“If you refuse permission for the police to investigate, or for the prosecution to disclose material which would enable the defendant to have a fair trial then it may not be possible for the investigation or prosecution to continue,” they said. This is an unfortunate nature of false accusation issues. If, in some cases, the issues is arguing if the nature of the sexual encounter was consensual, text messages can generally show the intent of the encounter before it happened. If someone refuses to give evidence in some cases, the prosecution will drop the case. Now, that being said, is the government capable of being completely incompetent in their given duties? Yeah, happens all the time. But could a nuanced issues also be being framed in a specific framework by a media organization with a clear bias? Also happens all the time. Not to take away from the seriousness of this issue, but take everything you read with a grain of salt.
