As others have noted, the G7 is the former G8, after kicking out Russia. The G7 is basically the leaders of the free world at this point. The G20 is the 19 most important countries in the world plus the EU.
&gt; Providing assistance didn't particularly work well for us with China in WWII but it's a new day. We're friends with Taiwan, though.
All of the Mass Effect games were flawed in some way. ME3 had the best combat (and multiplayer!) but was the most inconsistent in terms of quality, with the best and the worst moments in the series. ME2's plot did a poor job of following up on ME1 and felt like an arbitrary side story with a bunch of retconning, but had a very clever plot set-up and "assuming direct control" was really cool. ME1 was kind of janky mechanically and had a bunch of kind of repetitive side content, but did the best job of making it feeling like you were exploring a big universe. MEA had even better player controls but the worst story, worst NPCs, worst plot, worst (and most arbitrary) sidequests, and rather poor enemy variety. The multiplayer controlled better than ME3 but had less enemy variety. MEA was undoubtedly the worst by far, but it's hard to call out which of the original trilogy was best.
In the UK, about 1 in 3 children live in poverty. The US has a much *lower* childhood poverty rate than most countries do. *And* the US has a higher *poverty line* than most countries do - that is to say, you can be much richer in the US and still be considered poor than is the case in virtually every country on the planet. In fact, our poverty line is higher than the *median* (50th percentile) income of all but a couple dozen countries. What you have to remember is that the person who fed you that figure was evil and trying to deceive you.
Only a small number of buildings will collapse, actually. They've done studies on this. 1) The Cascadia subduction zone is off the coast. Thus, even if they get a 9.0 earthquake there, the shaking on land will be much less, as it will have to travel a long distance. 2) The real issue is loose soil stuff is built on potentially catching the waves in a bad way. [There's a map of Portland's liquefaction zone hazards;](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1192/5822/files/portland_liquefaction_large.PNG?2134040475330673214) as you can see, some of the city is at high risk, but much of it isn't. Outside of the liquefaction zones, damage is likely to be pretty minor. In the liquefaction zones, its mostly a matter of whether or not the waves hit it at the wrong angle.
It isn't just prisoners. Numerous studies have shown the same thing. I added them to my post after someone asked. It's not higher on both ends of the spectrum. It's just higher on the low end, with decreasing levels of psychoticism as you go up in IQ. It's pretty easy to understand why: people with defective brains are probably likely to manifest their issue in more than one way. Also, psychiatric disorders likely impair their ability to think. &gt; Many of the high earning professions (which correlate with IQ) have much higher rates of suicide (physicians, dentists, lawyers). Coal miners, farmers, and beauticians all show very high suicide rates as well. Indeed, [the professions with the highest suicide rates seem to vary considerably over time.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3642721/figure/fig02/) Moreover, rural people commit suicide more often than urban people do, and tend to have lower-skilled jobs.
Yes, it's typical drivel I expect from the sort of person who really shouldn't be working at Harvard but is these days anyway. Their argument is absolute garbage. "Well, people who eat french fries 3 times a week die more often!" Well, no shit, Sherlock. The people who gobble down french fries three times a week are probably obese, and are probably gobbling down a bunch of other crap as well. It's an obvious case of spurious correlation. Eating a lot of any high-calorie food is going to be associated with premature death.
You can't eat only potatoes; you eventually end up with weird nutritional deficiencies. They don't contain all essential amino acids and are low in a number of micronutrients. That said, if you supplement your potato diet with other foods, you can survive on them reasonably well, though it is inferior to a modern diet, obviously.
Of course it can be. The median American eats 800+ calories less than the average American. Look at alcohol consumption. The average American drinks about 1 drink a week. The median American drinks about 0.25 drinks a week, or about 1 drink a month. [The top 10% of Americans consume 74 a week, or more than 10 *per day* on average.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/09/25/think-you-drink-a-lot-this-chart-will-tell-you/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.4d5686b13b2a)
It may not be. That said, right now, you can buy many products physically, rather than just through their store. Apple makes it very hard to distribute an IOS app without their permission and pound of flesh.
No, not really, because they have much smaller populations of disadvantaged minorities. It could adjust their figures slightly, but in most cases, their population of "disadvantaged minorities" are very small (a few percentage points). It should also be remembered that, due to racial admixture, the average black American is like, 25% white, and the average white American is like, 1% black (and 3% Native American). So you know, it's going to be at least a little fuzzy regardless. The Australians might keep separate statistics for Aboriginal Australians, but a lot of countries in Europe don't bother tracking race/ethnicity and doing correlations with test scores, which unfortunately makes it harder to do such comparisons.
There's no way that fence is high enough to keep them in.
She was a drug addict. She also had medical problems. She also *also* was Marilyn Monroe. :P
Yeah, gives some idea of how little of a sense they had of the urgency of the situation.
I'm fine with having a launcher per AAA game maker. I really don't care.
The PS4 is the biggest console platform right now, so it being the biggest streaming thing doesn't surprise me.
Your argument was that because we supported the Afghan fighters, we supported the Arab fighters. You then acted super condescendingly towards me, as if I was somehow ignorant that the US had armed Afghani fighters to fight against the Afghan communists and the Soviets. That's conflating all of the people in Afghanistan into a single group, and acting like they are the same. Which is, yes, racist. Just because we supported one group in Afghanistan doesn't mean we supported all the groups in Afghanistan, and the foreign mujaheddin was not the same as the Afghan mujaheddin. &gt; This is disputed by both the late Benazir Bhutto and Saudi royalty, so you'll pardon me for not jumping at the definitiveness of a /r/worldnews mod on Reddit. John Simpson claimed that Osama Bin Laden tried to pay his driver $500 to kill him in 1989. The hostility of the Arab fighters in Afghanistan towards Westerners was noted by numerous people.
&gt; Before discoverability became a serious issue you had hits like this every month, it's more than documented that average indie game sales have been slashed by a massive margin. Average indie game sales have gone down because the number of indie games on the market have gone up. The minimum standard for getting on Steam is way lower today than it was historically, so there's a lot more absolute garbage indie games - in fact, most of the upswing in games on Steam have been crapware games. There's still plenty of indie games that sell well on Steam, it's just that there's a ton more crap now than there was historically. We certainly did not have 20 indie hits a month. Honestly, we probably have about one good indie game a month or so overall on average in the long term.
It did. Netflix is producing a bunch of original content now to compete.
Morocco has a per-capita GDP of like, $3,000/year, restricts peaceful expression, association and assembly, and censors criticism of its government. It's also illegal to promote any religion other than Islam or to be gay.
&gt; whens the last time microsoft pushed out an exclusive that the majority of the gaming community wanted to play? Their latest Forza game? Nintendo and Sony have been working hard at it, as has Microsoft, for that matter; it's just that Scalebound and their Fable game both didn't work out and Crackdown 3 has been in development hell. They lost a bunch of money pursuing system seller games. Sony and Nintendo have been trying to make system sellers as well. &gt; blizzard, ea, and bethesda all have their own exclusive platforms and have all shit the bed recently with recent launches/announcements. Nah, you're just smelling yourself.
I've got more than 5,000 hours and 1,000 games on Steam. I have zero loyalty to the platform. Why would I care? I don't use Steam because I love Valve, I use Steam because that's where the games I play are. When they're not, I don't use Steam. Why would I care? I just boot up uPlay or Origin or Battlenet or whatever. I mean, your own post proved my point. You used to play Blizzard games. You stopped and thus stopped using their launcher. Same applies to Steam. Doesn't matter what I was doing 5 years ago, what matters is what I'll be doing 5 years from now.
You're off by about two orders of magnitude. Well, depending on your definition of "space".
Send this to ten other daddies who give you cummies? What? What does cummies mean in this context?
The only democratic government that the US overthrew was the government of Guatemala, and it did that only because it believed that the Soviets were secretly in control of that country (thanks in no part to the companies that gave us the term "banana republic" lying to them about that).
Otters are not domesticated animals. Domestication would take dozens of otter generations and a breeding program. Otters can, however, be tamed. They're similar to ferrets, but are worse in every way, and tend to be stinky and make a general mess (and tear up your stuff). They also like water for fairly obvious reasons. They're pretty inconvenient pets.
[Or you could make friends with a shark!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v5ki2X0LGk)
Linux is a very niche platform, so, yeah, they've got more important things to worry about.
Yeah, you're just wrong. Competing over what products they sell is definitely a form of competition - they're competing with each other over devs, and they're competing over customers with what products they're offering. A platform that offers a lot of good stuff that you can't get elsewhere is a platform that people want. That's good for customers, because it makes both stores want to get stuff on there that people want. Competition between different groups causes funding of new projects to attract people, among other things. Several of these games were likely funded in part by Epic, which is why they hadn't been advertised before now - it would have been a giveaway that a new storefront was coming, because they didn't announce what platforms they were coming out for. The idea that it somehow doesn't benefit customers is hogwash. Competition over devs creates more money for devs, which translates into better products for us, and also drives them to fund games that seem like they will draw people.
How does it "remove competition?" It doesn't. Competition between stores very frequently involves exclusive products, especially when you're looking at video game platforms. Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, EA, Blizzard/Activision, blah blah blah all have their own platforms that they exclusively distribute their games on - be that a particular console or a particular storefront. There's nothing anti-competitive about this - a store offering a product that other people don't is a common means of competition, and companies will sometimes buy other companies to achieve this. But sometimes they'll just pay them money to distribute exclusively through them - much like how Bayonetta 2 is an exclusive for Nintendo, or how Scalebound was going to be a Microsoft exclusive.
You don't know what you're talking about. 1) Virtually all countries - including the US - allow for the return of defective products. This is a basic part of consumer protection. 2) The EU and Australian refund periods *do not apply* to things that you download - once you download them, the period ends. This is true of all downloadable media.
Yeah, you seem to have zero understanding of the law. The problem wasn't that they didn't offer refunds after downloading, it was that they didn't offer refunds after buying. If you buy a game and then don't download it, the usual window of time that applies to all purchases in the EU applies. They also had language in their TOS that conflicted with EU/Australian law for this reason - because there are circumstances under which you are indeed entitled to a refund, while Steam implied that was not the case. However, both the EU and Australia do not require you to offer any sort of refund for any product that has already been downloaded. If you don't believe me, I'd recommend going out and reading the laws. They're available online, and you'll discover that they have an exception to their usual refund period for downloadable media. [Here, lemme quote the EU on this:](https://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/consumers/shopping/guarantees-returns/index_en.htm) &gt; The 14-day "cooling off" period does not apply to all purchases. Some of the exemptions are: &gt; plane and train tickets, as well as concert tickets, hotel bookings, car rental reservations and catering services for specific dates &gt; goods and drinks delivered to you by regular delivery – for example delivery by a milkman. &gt; goods made to order or clearly personalised – such as a tailor-made suit &gt; sealed audio, video or computer software, such as DVDs, which you have unsealed upon receipt. &gt; **online digital content, if you have already started downloading or streaming it** &gt; goods bought from a private individual rather than a company &gt; urgent repairs and maintenance contracts – if you call a plumber to repair a leaking shower, you can't cancel the work once you have agreed on the price of the service.
That's because they're launched through the Battlenet client.
The problem with a lot of story-driven games is that they don't really feel like they're compelling enough to finish; many of them are boring or repetitive, and few games actually have a good story to begin with. The pacing on very long games is almost always terrible as well. Moreover, there's often little reason to complete a game. The Mass Effect trilogy told us straight up that choices in previous games would influence future games. This strongly encouraged players to play them through to completion so as to carry through the story into the sequels. While not every game can make Choices Matter™ (and Mass Effect created some issues with this, making it hard for their third game to have a satisfying payoff for some choices you made), this is a means of making players feel compelled to see a game through to its end. Combine that with players feeling invested in the characters and a mostly decent story and reasonable gameplay, and a ton of players beat at least two if not all three Mass Effect games. The third game outsold the other two, but I think that was in large part because it had a considerable amount of player retention, and then reached new players. I think there's a few solutions: 0) Actually make your game good. Telltale's problem was that their games just weren't very good, and ultimately felt too samey. 1) Quit padding out narrative-focused games. The more padding there is, the less chance there is of people completing the game. 2) Make players feel invested. This means both wanting to see what happens to characters and feel like the story is interesting. This will take some sacrifices! You're going to have to give narrative more control over the pacing and flow if you want to do this, because when the story is an afterthought, it isn't very likely to be good. 3) Have choices carry over from previous games. 4) Have your sequel give the player some idea of the backstory if they didn't play the first game. Incidentally: &gt; singleplayer story DLC suffers very poor sales. I'm not surprised. After I uninstall a 50 GB game, I'm not eager to spend another day and a half reinstalling it for DLC. Moreover, story DLC is almost invariably extraneous to the core experience, and thus, not worth bothering with in the first place.
Nier Automata had absolutely atrocious pacing. Route B should not have repeated content that both charcters were there for, and the side content was a slog.
People go to prison for DDOSing websites. Deliberately disrupting a video game so that the enjoyment of others is negatively impacted is not really any different; it's preventing other people from enjoying something that they've paid for and have the right to use. Likewise, it imposes costs on the company providing the game service. It's not really so different, in the end. You're certainly harming other people by doing so.
I didn't have any problems understanding KH2 without playing Chain of Memories; everything that mattered was explained in the game, and the fact that Sora didn't know meant it worked fine for the player not to know, either.
The sub hates on plenty of successful games, too. Battlefront 2 made a pile of money. So did Mass Effect Andromeda.
Raytracing is always going to be computationally expensive. We've been able to use raytracing in games for some years now, but the performance hit is always considerable. We were running 720p games with raytracing back years ago, but they chugged pretty badly. We could do raytracing with very simple environments, but the benefits of raytracing would be outweighed by the downside of the simpler graphics. As such, there's always going to be the temptation of, rather than using raytracing, instead spending those cycles on making the environment richer, using better models, ect. The graphical creep keeps pushing back raytracing in this way, as the benefits are fairly marginal (which is obvious from looking at the BFV videos of it with raytracing on vs not). Existing solutions already look quite good, which makes it an even more problematic trade-off.
Yeah; a lot of urban folk have little appreciation for or understanding of agriculture. I've lived in rural areas for most of my life, and participated in 4H; while I would classify myself as a "fake farmer" (i.e. someone who had a small number of livestock basically as pets), I do understand a lot about livestock as a result of that. Plus I just like reading about stuff.
Paragon failed because people weren't interested in yet another MOBA.
Prey is very much about being meticulous and strategizing and setting stuff up. For most of the game, you're intentionally feeling low on resources and stressed - the point is to deliver that idea that you're constantly on the brink of failure. The end of the game - when you face off with all the stuff at a much faster pace - does encourage you to be more dynamic in your combat approach, but by that point, you have a lot more options. I had lots of ammo left at the end of the game.
Yeah, inbreeding of all sorts can both lead to good outcomes and very bad ones. It depends on the competence of the breeder as well as what sort of outcomes they're going for - livestock breeders have to care a lot more about the health of their animals than the people who are showing off the pets in their shows. It all comes down to incentives in the end. If you only need one good specimen to show off, then having 50 bad ones isn't a big deal; if you need to produce animals in bulk, then having 50 bad ones per good one is unacceptable. Of course, all of these registries are going to have enormous problems when genetic engineering becomes more broadly accessible in coming decades; why breed the ideal specimen when you can just make them in a lab?
The issue isn't that lighting isn't fundamental, it's that the alternative works really well and is much less computationally expensive, which gives them the ability to improve the graphics in other ways. Gamers are getting increasingly skeptical about poor frame rates.
That's some hardcore revisionist history. Iraq invaded Kuwait, which is a US ally. The US response was entirely to be expected. Saddam Hussein just thought for some reason that the US wouldn't care.
Ah yes, [the Land of Waldos.](http://i.imgur.com/UGtew0g.jpg) The final challenge - instead of looking for a needle in a haystack, you were looking for a needle in a stack of needles.
It won't make games cheaper, but it will make games better, because they can justify spending more money on them.
I played this game. The single player was pretty solid but the multiplayer was honestly not that fun. The TTK while in pilot mode was too low and the skill curve too large, with better players absolutely annihilating weaker ones. The guns while on foot also mostly didn't feel different enough from each other, and the game didn't feel like it encouraged teamwork very strongly. Combine all that with the small player base forcing me to wait 5-10 minutes for a game on a regular basis, and... I did not stick with it for very long.
I liked TF2's single player, but I wasn't overly fond of its multiplayer. I didn't buy COD:IW, but I thought that Black Ops 3 was okay in its single player (not great, but okay), and was not impressed by the multiplayer at all.
&gt; So where is the mode for new players now? The default play mode (which costs nothing and gives you progress towards your daily quests) and buying packs with gold.
Card power is actually much *more* consistent now than it was back then; back in the day, there was actually a much lower proportion of cards that were playable in any given set. But yeah, the game is much more complicated overall. Standard is pretty manageable, but the bigger formats are very tough to get into.
&gt; The current system we have exists solely to make money for the wealthy. That's not going to change unless workers band together and demand better conditions. This is the Big Lie of socialists. You know, the people who murdered more people than the Nazis in the 20th century and ruined the economies of dozens of countries? Yeah, those people. The reality is that society does not, in fact, exist to make money for the wealthy. Wealthy people are a byproduct of the reality that some people produce a lot more value than others. "Workers" are generally not very valuable and are dependent on other people for work. People who work in factories or flip burgers at McDonalds? They are dependent on the wealthy. Without the wealthy providing them capital to enhance their productivity, they'd be nearly valueless. Factories cost millions of dollars. The workers in them are just not the primary source of value. The same goes for McDonalds - that person in the McDonalds is the end point of a long process. As Barack Obama once said: "You didn't build that."
&gt; more for less That's literally what inflation is supposed to measure - if you get more for less, that's *deflation*.
I've been to the US, Canada, Mexico, and Europe. Development of capital is the biggest factor in making a country more prosperous, as capital improvements are what drive productivity.
Oh, fascists still exist. Look at Putin. Or hell, Trump is a wannabe fascist. You can also look at the dude down in Brazil. Fascism hasn't gone away, really, either, just rebranded itself. Socialism and fascism have similar appeal - they're both ideologies based on scapegoating. "It isn't my fault that I'm not successful! It's those dirty foreigners/bourgeois!"
I actually played back when those were all current rules, so I know how they work. Though I do wonder why you're using stuff with phasing; that's like, the worst mechanic ever. Not only was it overcomplicated, but it was also a drawback. Is there even any phasing card that isn't terrible (well, other than [Old Fogey](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Discussion.aspx?multiverseid=74235), I suppose)? Or are you using something like Vision Charm or Shimmer? Or do you just play with them because you secretly hate your friends?
&gt; How is it a brainstorm variant? Because it is a very low cost blue card-selection card that is CA neutral which lets you select between a number of cards and ditch the ones you don't like. You're thinking of Brainstorm far too specifically. Opt, Brainstorm, Impulse, Telling Time, Anticipate, ect. all fill the same role of being a card-netural, low-cost card which improves the quality of your draw and thins your deck. These cards all fill the same role in a deck, some are just better at it than others are. Brainstorm is better than the others because rather than allowing you to improve just one card in your hand, it allows you to improve up to three cards in your hand at the cost of future card draw. If you are going to win this turn, or have an effect that allows you to shuffle your deck, however, it allows it to combo into being something more like Compulsive Research. But all of these cards are fundamentally in the same vein as Brainstorm, it's just that Brainstorm was poorly designed.
So what you're saying is that we need a Pokemon and Mario Battle Royale game. Get on it, Reggie!
I didn't have any problem reading it on my 1200p screen.
All the ones I've done open both - the launcher, and then the game.
HOTS does reward exceptional play. It just doesn't allow one player to completely dominate the game. Outplaying your opponent happens all the time. &gt; An exceptional player could easily be undone by one mediocre teammate, since experience was shared with your team and there are no mechanics for rewarding technical play. How does it have "no mechanics for rewarding technical play"? In terms of the core mechanical gameplay, it is almost identical to DOTA 2 and LOL. This complaint would, thus, apply equally to those games. In fact, there's a lot of technical play that goes on, primarily with spacing and skillshots, as well as with multitasking with some characters. And most team sports can cause your team to lose because of a weak link. In football, for instance, a poor linesman allows them to sack your QB, a poor receiver will fail to get passes, a poor running back won't get rushing yards, a poor quarterback will fail to deliver passes or throw interceptions or take unnecessary sacks, a poor kicker will miss field goals, and a poor punter will do a bad job on turnovers. &gt; It doesn't matter how good you are at farming creeps or killing the guy you're laning against; objectives are the be-all, end-all method for winning. This is simply untrue. Beyond the fact that dominating the person you're laning against gives you an advantage for the objectives, the reality is that most maps don't require the objective to win - the objective is powerful, to be certain, but you can win the game outside of the objectives. In fact, I think only a couple maps actually require the objectives to win. On most of the maps, you can push to the core without them, and doing damage to the enemy structures beforehand makes your objectives that much more powerful, because you don't have to go through them.
Er, what? My entire point is that the things I was pointing out aren't markers for something being a failure of a spectator sport. The biggest factor in HOTS failing to take off as an eSport is likely the fact that the game itself was never terribly popular to begin with; as most eSport fans are players of whatever game it is an eSport of, it just lacked an audience.
Compare them to American football or baseball. In football, the quarterback is in charge of almost every play, with the exception of kicking plays. In baseball, every play involves the pitcher. Those are games which very heavily center around the talent of a very small number of individuals. There's a huge difference in the centralization of American football and baseball versus soccer and basketball. Stars are much more important in the former than the latter.
Oh, they totally do. WotC has sued one person into the ground and someone else actually faced criminal penalties a result of their actions related to Magic leaks at various points (the latter person actually stole uncut card sheets). People can (and do) face charges for such things.
Why are the Russians so heavily invested in conspiracy theories? The cold, dark reality is that it is the same as it always was: Russia does not want to accept the idea that they're the baddies, nor accept responsibility for their own problems or atrocities, thus, they create insane conspiracy theories to try and push it off. The US wanted Russia to become a democratic state and join into the greater global democracy, and pushed for that in the 1990s. Putin and the oligarchs violently rejected that as in that order, there would be no place for people like them. No, the US did not interfere with rapproachment between Russia and the EU. What happened was that Putin kept on invading neighboring countries (like Georgia) and trying to control them (Ukraine, among many others). The invasion of Georgia and the rigging of Ukrainian elections severely damaged Russia/EU relations, and when the Ukrainians rebelled against the Russians in 2014 and installed a new, pro-EU government, that was specifically a rebuke of Russia. Putin keeps on murdering people, not only in Russia, but elsewhere. There was nothing "strange" about the Skirpal poisoning; you're citing literal Russian propaganda. The root of the problem is fundamentally that Russia just won't accept that it lost the Cold War and doesn't own neighboring countries anymore, and so when it pushes them around, it makes it clear that Russia isn't willing to be a civilized nation state. Every time it does that, it alienates the EU. The reality is that the authoritarian nation states are fundamentally incompatible with the democratic ones; they have to suppress their populations, as evinced by their censorship programs and targeted killings. This is strongly indicative of them being naturally unstable, which is why Putin is being so aggressive.
The reason would probably be to establish a new colony on a garden world. That said, it is probably not worth the effort, and realistically speaking, any post-nuclear species is really too dangerous to fight - nuclear weapons are just horribly dangerous. The only way that it would be even remotely worthwhile would be if they had the ability to construct some sort of stargates/wormhole type things that allowed instant travel between worlds, in which case, having extra garden worlds is probably cheaper than terraforming.
You don't know what a middleman is. I'd strongly looking up the definition of middleman.
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg. You keep throwing yourself at the bars and shrieking. But no matter how much you do it, you will always be wrong. You don't even remember the context of the conversation at this point. Lemme quote: &gt; They're middlemen. &gt; Middlemen drive up costs for consumers. &gt; The fewer middlemen are involved, the better it is for consumers, because all the money goes straight to the people who actually make the products we buy. &gt; The less money they get to take, the more money developers can spend on games and make a profit. And they end up having to, because someone else will outcompete them if they don't. And &gt; Companies like Bethesda and Ubisoft previously had to distribute their games through distributors to various actual physical store locations; now, they can distribute their games directly to consumers. &gt; Indeed, many websites directly provide products or services to consumers these days. Opening up direct retailers everywhere is much more expensive than having a website. So, how was I using the word "middlemen"? It's quite clear from the context. So why are you arguing with me over this?
&gt; It absolutely is a loophole, and only Nintendo abuses it. Where's the evidence for this claim? &gt; Is completely ridiculous nonsense, because this is already how it works in a sense, and it isn't a problem for anyone but Nintendo. Prove it. &gt; Steam preloads stuff but encrypts it, for example. Steam has no concerns about you cancelling your preorder. Companies are free to offer refunds beyond what is required by law. All of these arguments are thus intrinsically worthless. &gt; Nintendo abuse this by auto-preloading stuff, whether you like it or not, then claiming you've downloaded it so it doesn't have to be refunded. That's what the law says, though. The EU's own website interprets it the same way that Nintendo does. If they don't like it, they're free to change the law.
&gt; Back in the day when we still "owned" the games we bought, you could also make these copies and give them to all your friends in school - today we only have "game licenses" that are not associated with any physical value (for the most part at least). This is absolutely 100% incorrect. It was illegal to make copies for your friend back in the day. DRM exists to prevent people from doing that these days. The actual legalities haven't changed at all.
There are micro movements of the eye in its socket which help with depth perception; closing one eye makes a lot less difference to depth perception than you'd think.
Not really; the problem is that they're looking for bodies in a particular way. This creates bias in observations, meaning that, in other words, they're far likelier to detect bodies that are in orbits which are consistent with their hypothesis than bodies which are inconsistent with their hypothesis because that's where they're looking for bodies.
The term for disclosing classified information is "espionage", which should probably give you a clue as to its illegality. It is perfectly legal to report classified information in the US. However, it is illegal to ask anyone to give you classified information without permission, or to steal it, or to, if you have access to it legally, to disclose it without permission. Or to put it another way: If a journalist sits out on a mountain with a pair of binoculars and a telescopic lens to take pictures of your spy plane, that's legal (which is why some military bases are so large - it's to take up nearby hilltops/mountaintops where you can take pictures from). If a journalist bribes some guard on the base to let them into the hangar to take pictures of it, that's multiple violations of the law.
&gt; There's nothing inherently wrong with having an only women, or an only men, or an only anything event organized by a private business or individuals. Yeah, actually, there is, which is why the US bans such practices. If your business is "open to the public", then you cannot discriminate on the basis of being a member of a protected class. This is why it is illegal to have whites-only hotels or restaurants or whatever nowadays. The same laws apply to gender in the US, so you cannot make a "men's only" thing. Without forcing private businesses to not discriminate, you can't really ban segregation. So in the US, at least, it's very much illegal, as well it should be. In fact, even those "ladies nights" where women get free admission to bars are [actually illegal](http://carnaclaw.com/news-and-events/uncategorized/ladies-nights-illegal-in-california/) and people have been sued over such practices.
It's not an either/or thing, but trademarks are very limited in scope. Any sort of substantive work - something like a movie or a book - cannot be trademarked. How could it be? It isn't a "mark of trade". The purpose of a trademark is to uniquely identify a product as coming from a particular source, brand, or company at a glance. Anything which is really overly complicated is not going to qualify as a trademark. Trademarks are fairly simple - things like a logo, a title, a brand name, or something else relatively simple and straightforward. A very short little video clip - like the animation of Cinderella's Castle at the start of Disney movies, or the Pixar lamp jumping in - might also be trademarked. But it, again, has to be very brief - something that can be taken in in a few seconds and be immediately recognizable as marking a product as belonging to a particular company. Some things can be both trademarked and copyrighted - a brand logo is a work of art, and thus could potnetially be trademarked (as a mark of trade) and copyrighted (as an artistic work). The most obvious example of this would be the design of a can of Coca-Cola.
&gt; Would anyone be able to prove it was Iran? Yes; the fallout products of various nations' nuclear weapons can be distinguished from one another due to differences in the base material and refinement process. Also, the US reaps a ton of intelligence data; while it's basically like searching for a needle in a haystack before an attack, afterwards, you can often find relevant information.
What format are you playing, Legacy?
What are you talking about? Being a tame animal is a pretty good gig. You get fed on a regular basis, protected from predators, and get veterinary treatment. Look at Keiko. When they tried to free him, what'd he do? Hang out with humans and beg for food. He knew what side his bread was buttered on.
Everything you believe is a lie which was spread by anti-scientific ecoterrorists. &gt; Wild Orcas live an average if 70-100 years, in captivity the average is 13 years. This is a blatant, brazen lie with absolutely no basis in reality whatsoever. First off, wild orcas simply don't live 70-100 years. Not even close. Actual scientific studies of wild orcas suggest a life expectancy of half that, or even less - it's probably more like 20-45, varying by group and gender, and it may actually be even lower than that. Why? The survival rate of newborn orca calves appears to be substantially higher in captivity than in the wild - this isn't terribly surprising if you think about it, as young animals often don't survive to maturity in the wild across most species (including humans, for that matter - pre-modern childhood mortality rates were often around 40%, which is one of the largest contributors to increases in average human life expectancy). The problem is that we don't see every wild orca birth, so it is likely we're underestimating the number of wild orcas born which die before we count them, while we do count every birth in captivity. You will sometimes see people claim wildly higher numbers. These numbers are completely made up. You see, we have been observing wild orcas for quite some time now, but it varies from group to group. When you first observe a group, you don't know how old any given animal is if it is already mature. Thus, people with zero prior knowledge of orca lifespans (as remember, that's why they were doing these studies in the first place!) assigned these orcas arbitrary starting ages. As it turns out, when you compare these assigned ages to actual ages of orcas observed to be born, you see an enormous gap between them. The orcas that had estimated ages are claimed to have lived many decades longer than those with known ages - and this can be entirely ascribed to them having their ages be wildly overestimated when observations of wild orcas began. When you look at orcas with known ages, you arrive at a number that is not dissimilar to what you see in modern captive orca populations. [Robeck et. al.'s 2015 study](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26937049) found no significant difference in adult life expectancy between wild and captive orcas at the present time (the data would actually suggest a lower adult mortality rate amongst captive orca adults, but the difference is not statistically significant) based on per-year mortality rates, and significantly higher calf survival rates amongst captive orca populations (at least in the United States). To quote the study: &gt; Based on ASR, median and average life expectancy were 28.8 and 41.6 years (SEA: 2000-2015), 20.1 and 29.0 years (SR), and 29.3 and 42.3 years (NR), respectively. The ASR for animals born at SEA (0.979) was higher (P = 0.02) than that of wild-caught SEA animals (0.944) with a median and average life expectancy of 33.1 and 47.7 years, respectively. SEA being Seaworld, SR being "Southern Resident", and NR being "Northern Resident". So, yeah, orcas at Sea World seem to do just fine relative to their wild cousins. &gt; That flopped over fin that they claim is normal has been studied in a rare few cases in the wild, in all of the wild cases it was due to poor diet and/or malnutrition, almost all captive whales have flopped over fins. Everything you believe is a lie. First off, it is known that collapsed dorsal fins occur in captive populations much more frequently than wild ones. The cause, however, is probably benign - captive orcas spend a lot of time at or near the surface of the water, while wild orcas spend a lot of time diving down deep. Dorsal fins are not made out of bone, but are rather cartilaginous structures. As it turns out, these fins are not particularly stable in the air over the long term; in wild orca populations, frequent deep dives and less time spent on the surface in general means that the fins are supported by water most of the time. When they spend a significant amount of time on the surface, however, the structure isn't actually stable, and starts to slump over. This is also why it is more frequently seen in male whales than females - males have larger dorsal fins, which are less stable. Different orca populations have different rates of collapsed fins in the wild - it's quite common amongst New Zealand orcas (23%) but rarer amongst those of the Pacific Northwest. Why is not known, but it may well have to do with many of the same factors. A collapsed dorsal fin *can* be a sign of ill health in wild orcas in some cases (a couple of orcas who ingested a bunch of oil from the Exxon Valdez had their fins collapse shortly before they died) but it is likely that a distressed orca spends more time near the surface due to its worse health to avoid drowning. This may also explain in part why they died - they were't able to hunt very well. &gt; In captivity they attack each other. In the wild there has never been an observed case of a serious orca fight, some teeth raking at most and even that is relatively rare. Again, remember: literally everything you believe is a lie. Orcas are not continuously observed in the wild. However, we can look at the aftermath, and we find that, contrary to the obvious lies you've guzzled down, orcas do in fact get in fights in the wild. There's numerous pictures of wild orcas with scars from fights that align with orca-on-orca conflict. In fact, this has been known since the 1960s. So yeah, orcas do get in fights in the wild, and very likely sometimes kill each other. We don't observe wild orcas continuously, but it is almost certainly the case it that it happens, doubly so given that we've observed similarly violent behavior in the wild in other dolphin species. In fact, [some dolphins are somewhat infamous for deliberately battering other dolphins to death.](http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150716-dolphins-that-kill-their-young) &gt; They're also known to engage in repetitive behavior and self mutilation, like chewing on concrete which painfully damages their teeth, slamming their heads and/or other body parts against the concrete walls of the aquarium, scraping their bodies against the rough concrete walls, etc. You're assuming that wild orcas don't engage in similar behavior. Wild orcas do, in fact, sometimes run into solid objects, or deliberately rub themselves up against stuff - including things like boats. Rubbing up against stuff is behavior seen in a lot of animals, and probably has a number of purposes, including, amongst other things, scratching itches. Chewing on non-food objects is likewise something that likely happens in the wild; orcas can be curious animals, and let's face it - [even humans sometimes chew on or eat things that aren't food.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pica_(disorder)) Indeed, we often have to keep non-food items away from children to prevent them from eating them, and if you've ever owned a dog, you know that some of them will chew on non-food items as well - my parents have had at least two dogs I can think of which have done so, one of which chewed on *the siding of the house*, and the other of which would love to chew up paper (like kleenex) and sometimes socks. It's a thing animals do. So, to sum up: You have swallowed an obvious pack of lies. The people who told you these lies are evil people who are trying to manipulate you, because if they were decent people, they wouldn't have had to lie to you about this stuff.
It's actually on the property of the Benton County Fairgrounds. And, yes, people are going super slow.
Who says that they're happily married? Moreover, who says that the person hasn't done it multiple times? The truth being out is important. If it changes things, then things should have changed regardless.
The secret is being a decent person all along!
The best part is contacting family members who are a partial match to try and get them to give their relatives free kits.
The main reason why I don't take these tests is so that I can more easily loop back in time and alter my own genetic code. Once I create a fixed point in time, it's a lot more work to go alter my test results as well as my genes.
Yes, I meant that. I just derped into Southeast for some reason. Probably because I'm from Oregon, and Arizona and New Mexico are Southeast of me, so it always feels weird to refer to them as the Southwest. :P I've actually visited a couple Pueblo archaeological sites, and actually lived in an adobe house for a year in New Mexico, which is probably why I thought of them.
Mustard gas is easy to make, but I can't think of any easy way to make it accidentally. The main danger of mixing household chemicals is making chlorine gas, as bleach is a common household chemical and mixing it with most acids will produce chlorine gas.
It sometimes leads to awkward conversations. Someone I knew adopted a gryphon, and the kid was really sad that he would never breathe fire. Apparently he thought that he would grow up to be a dragon for some reason. I guess he thought all his feathers would fall out?
The term "planet" is actually a mostly useless classification. In reality, the Solar System has nine significant bodies - the Sun plus eight smaller bodies we call "planets". But in reality, the "planets" actually consist of three different types of bodies - terrestrial planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars), Gas Giants (Jupiter and Saturn) and Ice Giants (Uranus and Neptune). We lump the "planets" together because they're the significant bodies in the solar system that aren't stars. There are less significant bodies in the solar system, the dwarf planets and various minor planets, which are other objects that orbit the Sun which aren't gravitationally significant enough to clear out an area for themselves. We call the largest of these "dwarf planets" because they're big enough to round themselves under their own gravity, but in the end its something of an arbitrary distinction. If you're going to teach people about the solar system, teaching them about the Sun, the eight planets, and the four other major types of bodies (the asteroid belt, the plutinos, the scattered disc, and comets) makes sense; focusing as much on bodies like Ceres, Pluto, and Eris as we do on, say, Jupiter, makes little sense - they're much less significant bodies and simply represent a much larger class of objects, of which they are the largest.
You're conflating the nice parts of Europe for the whole of Europe. Europe is considerably poorer and more crime-ridden than the US is. Switzerland, Norway, Luxembourg, and Lichtenstein are nice, but everywhere else is poorer - often substantially poorer - than the US, and generally has significantly higher crime rates, and much lower arrest rates (the US makes about 9 million arrests per year on about 21 million crimes, for a bit less than 1 arrest per 2 crimes; in the UK, it's about 1 arrest per 5-6 crimes). Differences in arrest rates are actually a major factor in why the US has such a high incarceration rate, despite having a lower overall crime rate.
&gt; It's nuclear powered, so no power issues. Nuclear weapons and nuclear power plants work on different principles. Nuclear batteries don't produce enough energy to propel something at great speed. Nuclear power is very expensive. The reality is that people have already thought of these problems, which is why the US doesn't have these - they're useless. It's stupid political posturing by Putin.
Okay, tired of people like Elon Musk lying about this stuff and it getting 17,000 upvotes. The problem isn't that people don't want renewable electricity, it is that renewable electricity has major problems. Hydro power is great. Every time someone complains about building a hydro dam, slap them in the face. Seriously, hydro is amazing. It works, it can be turned on and off if it is reservoir hydro and can just run all the time if it is run of the river, and it is super cheap and efficient - much more so than every other form of power. The problem is that you can't build hydro just anywhere - you need a river. And lots of places just don't have enough locations for the hydro power they need. The places that do end up generating most of their power off of hydro already because... well, seriously, why wouldn't you? It all goes downhill from there. Geothermal is like hydro, but is even more geographically inconsistent - most places just don't have access, and frankly, that's probably for the best, given such places are geologically active, hence the warm ground close to the surface. From there, you've got solar and wind. And they're great!... until the wind isn't blowing or it is night or it is cloudy, at which point they produce little to nothing. One of the Big Lies told by people pushing these energy sources is that they produce cheap electricity. The problem is that they don't, because you need backup power generation you can turn on and off when the wind isn't blowing and/or the sun isn't shining. And the problem is that you have to pay 100% of those capital costs and most of the maintenance costs even if that backup power generation isn't running. The net result of this is that if you take that into account, the "cheap" electricity stops being so cheap. It's a great supplement, but if you try and run your whole system off of it, it doesn't work. This is not really a resolvable problem; the amount of electricity you need to store is inordinately large, because there's things like, say, *winter*, where you get little sunlight and lots of clouds for *months*. Anyone who is like TEH EBIL OIL COMPANIES!!!!! doesn't actually understand the real problems and limitations to these technologies. It has nothing to do with oil companies, it has to do with the reality that this technology is not capable of powering society on its own.
Linux is mostly designed for other purposes. A lot of servers run off of Linux, so a lot of the focus in Linux development is directed at things that aren't really related to personal computing. Moreover, Linux isn't really designed to be user friendly. It's designed to be a toolbox. It's extremely customizable, but that comes at the cost of often requiring customization to get shit to work. Programs are much more likely to break with updates on Linux than on other platforms because a lot of the parts are designed and developed independently rather than all being made by a single entity, with the result that a lot of development happens a bit blindly. Stuff is a lot more likely to randomly not work on Linux than other platforms, and you, as the end user, are much more liable to have to get your hands dirty to fix it. Linux is designed for the kind of people who *like* fiddling with their system, and most of the programs for it are designed by that kind of person as well (because who else makes stuff for Linux?). So it's kind of baked into everything. Most people just want their OS to work, they don't want to have to deal with that crap.
It was a vibrating broomstick. People would ride it by putting it between their legs. You can imagine that this had consequences. The best part was the Amazon reviews about how much their kids loved it.
Ehhhhh. I think it's okay to feel guilty over being a homewrecker. It's not her fault that he's a dick, but it is generally a good idea to at least try and check.
Inequality-adjusted HDI is a completely worthless measure. It was created by socialists as a propaganda tool because they were butthurt that countries that they didn't want to end up high on the list are high on the list. HDI itself has issues, but inequality-adjusted HDI is completely worthless and has zero basis in reality. Inequality is actually a completely worthless measure to begin with; socialists (murderers of more people than the Nazis, and therefore, more evil) rail on about it, but the fact is that it tells you absolutely nothing of value whatsoever. What is important is absolute welfare, not relative welfare; it doesn't improve my standard of living at all if Bill Gates has only 100 million dollars instead of 100 billion dollars. Ergo, anyone who rants about this is just a bad person who is butthurt over other people being better off than they are. I'm happy that other people enjoy a high standard of living. What matters is how well off people are individually. If you make $50,000, and someone else makes $5,000,000, yeah, that other person is better off than you are - but you're much better off than the person in France who is making only $25,000. The purpose of inequality "adjustments" is to obfuscate that fact. HDI itself has the problem that it doesn't really deal with countries getting rich very well; after a certain point, it stops increasing very much. The problem with this is that getting richer does make a substantial difference; Americans are much richer than the French are, but it makes only a very small difference in HDI calculations. Thus, it actually underestimates the true living conditions in wealthy countries like the US. You are behaving very badly because reality doesn't line up with what you desperately want to be true. &gt; Argentina has never been a developed country LOL. The idea that it ever was is a myth based off raw GDP ESTIMATIONS from fucking 1920. No country was developed in 1920 ya dingus It was developed by 1920s standards. It was one of the richest countries in the world at the time. &gt; You don't speak Spanish and you don't know shit about any of these countries. You're a sheltered teen in a dark bedroom. Ah, yes, psychological projection at its finest. &gt; People like you need to be forced to live in a shanty town in Santiago I am well aware that Santiago is not up to the standards of the US. Do you think I'm ignorant of the fact that Chile is massively poorer than the US? I'm not a fucking moron. Americans are like, four times richer than Chileans are in terms of income, let alone accumulated wealth. But Chileans are better off than the people of other South American countries. &gt; where everyone has no access to health care You [don't know shit about Chile.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Chile) Yes, people in a lot of developing nations have worse health care. Shock and surprise! They're poor and there aren't enough doctors and medical supplies to go around. But Chile isn't actually that badly off. They do have a public health care system in Chile, and most people are covered via public insurance. Chile has a life expectancy of 79.5 years, which is actually not too shabby, and is several years longer than countries like Brazil, Colombia, or Argentina. Heck, it's slightly longer than US life expectancy, thanks to Americans being super obese. &gt; or education Chile has public and private schools. So, uh, yeah. 99% of children go to primary school; 90% go to secondary school, at least according to the data I can find. Chile actually spends an above-average proportion of its GDP on higher education. It is pretty poor, so yeah, it doesn't have the greatest educational system in the world (and of course, brain drain is always an issue in poorer countries). You accused me of "not knowing shit", but this information is readily available online. I even bothered to double check it before I replied to your post to make sure that I wasn't being an idiot. Maybe you should think about doing the same. Here's a tip: You need to stop thinking about why you're right and start thinking about why you're wrong. If you desperately flail around, looking for justifications for your pre-existing beliefs, you aren't behaving honestly. You are using statistics like drunks use light poles - for support, not for illumination. If you want to understand the world, you need to not look for reasons why you are right, but for how things actually are.
The CIA didn't overthrow the government of Chile. There's no evidence they were involved in the coup, and in fact, we have considerable documentary evidence that they weren't involved (though they were aware of it - as was the KGB, for that matter). They certainly opposed Allende, but they were not involved in the coup. If your argument is that the Americans created the conditions for the coup, well, then, so did the Soviets. The Soviets installed Allende via their interference, and then stopped propping him up a few years later. Why aren't you blaming them for the overthrow of the Chilean government? And of course, the proximate cause of the whole mess was Allende's own shitty policies, which ruined the economy of Chile and made people willing to support a coup. And of course, Pinochet himself was responsible for the coup. He had his own reasons for his actions.
It is generally more deck-dependent than as simple as Aggro &gt; Control &gt; Midrange &gt; Aggro in my experience.
Lemme quote Patrick J. Skerrett, the former editor of Harvard Health: &gt; Experts still have a long way to go to connect the dots between fructose and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. Higher intakes of fructose are associated with these conditions, but clinical trials have yet to show that it causes them. There's lots of things that "correlate" with bad things. The problem is that higher consumption of almost any high-calorie food correlates with bad things, because it correlates with obesity, and obesity correlates with bad stuff. This was the same thing that led people to the error of "FAT IS BAD FOR YOU!" - the reason why people who ate lots of fatty foods had health issues was that they just ate a lot of calories in general and were more likely to be obese. Likewise, when they started claiming that fat was bad for you, people who cut down on fat in their diets were healthier than those who didn't - because those people were more health conscious in general. However, when people started doing real studies, they found out that the previous correlation had just been "people who eat lots of fat eat a lot of calories in general and end up obese". Moreover, people who ate the same amount of calories as they did before, but less fat, didn't end up seeing health benefits. It turns out the whole thing was bullshit and just bad statistics. Likewise, there were findings that people who had very high blood sodium levels were having more heart problems. Doctors advised folks to cut back on their sodium intake. The problem is that mortality studies on people who had heart attacks, and then cut back on their sodium intake, often didn't show any benefit in terms of lowered mortality rates - in fact, some of the studies showed an *increase* in the risk of death in people who cut their sodium intake (which isn't too surprising - excessively low sodium intake is undoubtedly bad for you). So is cutting sodium intake actually good advice? That's the general consensus but there's a real dispute over that. As for the rest - pretty much everything contains toxins. [Virtually all plants contain toxic substances.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK232630/) This is because plants contain toxins to deter predators - primarily bugs and whatnot. It is the dose that makes the poison, as they say, so most of the plants that we eat don't have very high levels of toxins - domesticated plants have been bred for long periods of time to mostly lower their levels of such compounds. However, it is possible that some of them have low-grade toxic effects which have simply not been discovered because they're too low grade to really be noticeable - obviously anything which was acutely toxic would be obvious. Thus, we're left with people railing about things like fructose, which probably poses a negligible risk, given that humans have been eating foods that contain fructose for tens of thousands of years without obvious ill effect. But it's possible that long-term consumption of lots of fructose has some sort of negative effect which is simply not seen in any sort of reasonable period of time, and thus, could never be traced back to it. But the same is true of any number of other chemical compounds which are in the food we eat every day, and there's no particular reason to believe that fructose is any *more* dangerous than those chemical compounds.
ME3's finest moment for me was with everyone's favorite Salarian; that bit affected me the most. The ending? Not at all. Undertale is really amazing and wholesome, but I felt really *good* after finishing it, like I had been filled up.
That seems unlikely to change; being Microsoft exclusives rather than XBox exclusives makes too much business sense, as it expands their market, which allows them to justify making more ambitious games.
Uh, that was made by Platinum Games, and didn't pan out.
In creative endeavors, we often learn from past projects. When the core is flawed, you're basically starting over to fix it anyway, so might as well do something that is good from the get-go. I'm glad they found success with Celeste, and hope that their next project is even better.
I'm more of an ACLU type, and as such, I care about justice all the time, even for scumbags, because if you don't, then it starts affecting everyone. Lots of our rights have been won by defending rather crappy people, like Miranda, who was a rapist, but whose case ended up winning us the Miranda Warning, which makes it so that the police have to warn people about their rights before interrogating them. So yeah. Though god, a moderator of r/The_Donald? Why would they even bother showing up here? Well, I guess they probably like arguing about stupid shit. Hope your holidays have gone well as well! Have a good one!
If you are "the beatdown" in a matchup (if you don't know what that means, [here's the original article about it,](http://www.starcitygames.com/magic/fundamentals/3692_Whos_The_Beatdown.html) but TL; DR in most matchups, one deck or the other has a better long-game plan, so whichever deck has the worse long-game plan needs to win before that point), the goal is to try and kill them ASAP. Generally speaking, against decks which run counterspells, your best bet is to drop threats early and force them to respond to them. Counterspells don't work against cards on the battlefield, and if they spend their mana dealing with whatever threat you've dumped out, they don't have the mana to deal with your *next* threat. Frankly, that's your best bet against control in general - try to get a threat out as soon as possible, and force them to respond to it. The more time they have to spend trying to stay alive, the more time you have to smack them in the face. The lower you get their life total, the less time they have to screw around, and the more dangerous every threat you draw is. A 4/4 is not that threatening if you're at 20 life, but if you're at 8 life, any removal spell you have - even a sweeper effect - is necessary.
Everyone has different genes. Part of the point of this is to look at what genes you have. Siblings only share 50% of your genes.
The kami were a defining part of the setting. There's not really any point to going back to Kamigawa without the Kami. Heck, it's even in the name. I think the biggest problems with the set last time was its parasitic nature and its power level. It also came between Mirrodin and Ravnica and was overshadowed by both, both power-level wise and in terms of creating a world people cared about. I actually really liked the flavor of Kamigawa, but I suspect I was in the minority.
Mediterranean people tended to have sort of olive skin and generally dark hair and dark eyes, with some blue-eyed/blonde haired people mixed in, though they're much rarer down there than they are further north. The Carthiginians, the Romans, the Greeks, ect. were all examples.
Most likely he'd have looked roughly Phoenician.
&gt; In equivalent basic good purchasing power, Diocles's wealth would be between approximately $60 million and $160 million. Quite a lot less than $15 billion. Gold was worth a lot less back then.
The fact that they had to break them out into subsections tells you a lot about why that card has never been printed in a standard legal set. Also why they will never, ever print a card with phasing in a standard legal set.
Ah, but we're *the* United States of America, not just *a* United States of America. :D
I mean, I guess the Europeans are pretty bad at American geography, but I'd imagine that any American can name almost every country in Central and South America. They probably couldn't name even half of the random Caribbean states, though.
No. The North Vietnamese were monsters who killed vastly more civilians than the US did, which is pretty standard for Communists. The chemical weapons here were supplied by the USSR, a country known for atrocities, and its not like its successor state hasn't used them against civilians.
The US killed about 30,000 civilians in collateral damage. The North Vietnamese killed far more than that in *targeted* killings alone in just North Vietnam, let alone in South Vietnam, during the Vietnam War.
It's the same people. The Russians ran the USSR, by and large, and are considered to be the successor state. The USSR was supposedly who supplied the chemical weapons to the government of Vietnam. I was pointing out that their successor state, Russia, has used chemical weapons against civilians, so it's hardly something unbelievable.
You are engaging in nothing but whataboutism. Remember, the topic is that Vietnam used chemical weapons on civilians. You are arguing "OMG US BAD!" And not only that, you're vomiting up lies. The US government did not support the Khemer Rouge. The PRC did. This is very well documented historically, seeing as [China went to war with Vietnam in support of the Khemer Rouge.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sino-Vietnamese_War) The US simply refused to acknowledge the Vietnamese puppet government of Cambodia. &gt; Nate Thayer recounted that "The United States has scrupulously avoided any direct involvement in aiding the Khmer Rouge", instead providing non-lethal aid to non-communist Khmer People's National Liberation Front (KPNLF) and Armee Nationale Sihanouk (ANS) insurgents, which rarely cooperated with the Khmer Rouge on the battlefield, despite being coalition partners, and which fought with the Khmer Rouge dozens of times prior to 1987. According to Thayer, "In months spent in areas controlled by the three resistance groups and during scores of encounters with the Khmer Rouge ... I never once encountered aid given to the [non-communist resistance] in use by or in possession of the Khmer Rouge."
Being down a card is a huge cost still. And it doesn't really advantage any particular deck archetype. The biggest change is that it is going to make sideboard cards show up much more often.
I mean, if a thousand games of Mirror March are played a day, it would happen three times a day. And games like that are apt to be noted.
&gt; People aren’t poorer because they live in cities. I never said they were poorer *because* they live in cities, but your assertion that people are richer in cities is not correct. &gt; If what you say was true there would be net migrations out of cities instead of into as people looked for economic opportunity. Not really. Entrepreneurship is higher in the country than it is in the city, which surprises a lot of people - but it makes sense when you think about it. Most farms are small businesses, and thus, their owners are entrepreneurs. But you can't just go out and buy a farm - they're extremely expensive (millions of dollars!). There are some jobs off in rural areas, but most city folk aren't interested in them, and in any case, there's not a huge number of them, so net migration like that isn't really possible. &gt; Also the opioid epidemic is worst in areas with the worst economic outcomes, poverty and drug use are highly correlated. Yeah, because they're both caused by poor conscientiousness. Not surprisingly, people who are fuckups are fuckups in more than one way. &gt; Your Vox link showing better health outcomes in places like Colorado etc maps suspiciously well to places with the densest populations in these areas. Not really. Most of Colorado is rural, not urban; Denver does have the highest life expectancy, but the other areas around it also have high life expectancy. &gt; I fail to see what rural people being educated has to do with your argument. Then you've already forgotten what you've written, and there's no point in continuing this conversation.
Ah yes, the judgmental Thought Erasure. "What was this guy thinking keeping this hand?"
You seem to be struggling with the idea that skyscrapers are inefficient. The only reason why they exist is that land is so expensive in city centers. And no, Montreal is not "the same density" as New York City; it has less than half the density of New York City (10,935 per square km vs 4,916 per square km). It's better for not everyone to want to live in the same place; it leads to lower costs and shorter commutes. &gt; Finally, I may be wrong with an off the cuff guesstimation You're two orders of magnitude off. That's wildly wrong and it means your gut beliefs are completely disconnected from reality. This means you should abandon all of your beliefs about this and rebuild them from the ground up; when you are two orders of magnitude off, it means that your gutfeel is completely wrong. It's a huge sign that you are looking for reasons to support what you believe, which means your belief is not grounded in reality. If being massively wrong about something is just something you brush off, it is a sign that you don't actually care about what's true. Your argument is that they're better for the environment, and you've failed to show convincing evidence of such and repeatedly failed to take numerous externalized costs of cities into account while being wildly wrong about things.
The taplands will very likely be reprinted. Other than that? Your guess is as good as mine. It's possible we'll see nothing. It's possible we'll see checklands. It's possible we'll see painlands. It's possible we'll see some new land cycle entirely.
Pretty sure it costs UU to prevent people from splashing it into random decks for a better anti-control matchup. You have to actually legitimately be in blue to run the card.
Ultimately, though, the only way to get those cards is by busting packs, so *someone* is engaging in this activity.
The card serves as an important safety valve on the format - it allows you to force people to discard particular cards, making sure that no one can be sure that they will get to cast their spells. It's a good card, and it is good at plucking cards from hands, but it doesn't develop the board, which makes it not nearly as good against aggressive decks. Turn 2 thought erasure vs white weenie or RDW is not really a great play.
This is why [[Drill Bit]] exists. [[Burglar Rat]] is also kind of handy in that way, as you get the value out of the CITP effect.
I run [[Ritual of Soot]] in my Nicol Bolas control deck. It's pretty brutal against the decks where I need it the most. [[Find/Finality]] still shows up in some decks, though the Golgari decks aren't as popular as they were. Deafening Clarion also shows up in the UWR control decks I see periodically.
Yeah, drawing cards is for suckers. Also, by not drawing cards, they evade Narset.
Oh, the surveil is definitely nice, and is the main reason why it is a bit better than [[Castigate]] was. That said, its not inordinately powerful. I don't mind it at all; you don't always get to play the cards you want. And there is also Drill Bit floating around.
Pretty sure this is canonically what happened in the fight of Jace vs Nicol Bolas.
The Sultai deck is different in that it tends to be more blue; most versions of it don't seem to run Find//Finality. Moist Golgari was basically the Golgari deck with Hydroid Krasis.
It's correct that you can't carry over mana from your Runaway Steam-Kin from combat into the main phase, but you never could carry over mana between combat and the main phase anyway. The change is that it now empties at the end of every phase *and* every step, instead of just at the end of every phase, as it did previously. The main reason why it was ever relevant was that people used to sometimes use cards like [[Icy Manipulator]] to tap a land during a player's upkeep; that player would then tap their land in response, then float the mana into their draw step, which would allow them to cast an instant (or a card with flash) in their draw step if they happened to draw one. There's a few other weird edge cases where it would be relevant, but it almost never happened in normal games and a lot of people were confused about the difference between phases and steps (in particular, the upkeep and draw steps are both part of the beginning phase, which is almost never referenced on cards).
&gt; Correct. You displayed this cognitive bias. Ah, I see. You didn't read any of my posts and just made up complete nonsense in your head. Why do you waste people's time like this? Do you like making the world a worse place by your very existence?
Why don't you like it?
Oh. Ew.
Half the point of Humble Bundles is to promote the games and often platforms in question. If you get an acti/blizzard game, it will be on Battle.net. If you get an Ubisoft game, it will be on uPlay. If you get an Epic game, it will be on Epic. If you get an EA game, it will be on Origin. That's how the Humble Bundle has worked for quite a while now. Moreover, Ubisoft barely supports their games on Steam. There are no achievements for Ubisoft games on Steam, and that has been the case for a very long time. You can launch games through the Steam Launcher if you want to; it's fairly simple to add external games to Steam if you actually want to launch them through Steam for some reason. So even if you get the game on Steam, you won't be able to unlock achievements for it through Steam, because there are none on Steam.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/bwvt80/til_about_mr_big_a_police_technique_where_a/eqau60h/ You seem to be forgetting what was written just a few posts ago. Is it because the conversation is strongly to your disadvantage, and you can't admit to yourself that your deeply-held beliefs are wrong?
Singleton is an interesting format, but it ironically suffers from a lack of diversity. It's fun as something you do on occasion, but the format doesn't work very well as a constructed format because it ends up being simpler. People talk about it being "RNG", but this is not really correct; it's possible to build consistent singleton decks. The issue is that their strategies have to be broader; they cannot rely on inter-card synergies. As a result, you thus end up with decks ending up being more samey, and it ends up favoring midrange and control over aggro, because aggro is more dependent on getting those high-value 1 and 2 drops and hyperefficient burn spells/removal. Thus, while it is a fun format to mess around with, it leaves something to be desired for constructed.
There's a vocal group of people who have nostalgia for the old, hyper-grindy games and who show a lot of devotion to it. But these people are a very small minority; most people are repulsed by that level of grindiness, but the people who are very into Pavlovian cycles like that kind of grinding. The thing is, they're a minority, and moreover, there's a lot of competition in that space, so you see a lot of them grinding mobile games and other things now, not just MMORPGs. Old School Runescape is more popular than the newer one because... well, why wouldn't it be? Why would the new one be popular? It's an extremely archaic game as well. But Runescape has like 100,000 players between the two versions.
Beginner's Guide was pretty terrible, though. Very pretentious and overreliant on its twist. ;P In fact, it's a common problem with a lot of "narrative focused" works: a lot of these works just don't have very good writing and are overly pretentious. Honestly, walking simulators aren't even games to begin with, they're actually a different form of media that is lumped in with games due to superficial similarities. They're more like visual novels than they are like video games, and it is really wrong to lump them in with video games - I hope that in the future they're more recognized as being distinct from video games, because they're a very different experience. More generally: the reality is that some things are a lot more popular than others, and people mostly are familiar with what is more popular than what is less popular. Also, if you're thinking "it has to change", you are mistaken. What are the most popular movies? The highest grossing films of all time are almost all action/adventure movies. Of the 50 highest grossing movies of all time, only Titanic, Frozen, Beauty and the Beast, Minions, Despicable Me 2, Toy Story 3, Finding Dory, and Zootopia *aren't* action/adventure movies. The reality is that media is reflective of what people want, generally speaking. People want action, adventure, and sports, and shock and surprise, that's what most video games are. The only AAA games that aren't really action/adventure are quirky family games made by Nintendo (which are basically the Disney/Pixar of video games) with the rare entry from other game makers (overall, the equivalent of the family movies on the list), and 4X games/strategy, like Civilization VI and the Endless series (which don't really have a film equivalent). Every once in a blue moon, you'll see an AAA puzzle game like *Myst*, *Portal*, or *The Talos Principle*, or an AAA simulator game (like *Flight Simulator*), but there just aren't many games like that because they're extremely difficult to make actually be good enough to compete with AAA titles (and thus, justify the huge pricetag).
&gt; Are there currently any texts attempting to codify some sort of aesthetic framework with which to analyze games and gameplay? Yes. *Magic: The Gathering* has done a lot of legwork in this regard for Magic, and the concepts there apply to many similar games - ideas like tempo, card advantage, virtual card advantage, "blanking", various strategic frameworks, ect. all exist, and while they primarily are associated with Magic, they also apply to a lot of TCGs and, to a lesser extent, to other kinds of game. David Sirlin has written a fair bit about competitive multiplayer games, and many of the concepts he talks about on his website are also an important framework. I think Extra Credits has also tried touching on some of this as well, though I don't feel like they've done as good of a job. The problem is that most people lack an understanding of a lot of this terminology, so you can't actually use it outside of the context of people who are familiar with those works. It's definitely important. Though I will note that some things - like pacing - are universal to all forms of media, so does apply to video games as well. In competitive games, it's tempo, which is a closely related concept, whereas in a single-player game, it is much more traditional. Also, as /u/frolics pointed out, some concepts are non-universal and very distinctive between games. You can apply the concepts from Magic to other games, but the further you get away from games about resource management, the more awkward the appellations are. For example, card advantage is a valuable concept, but it doesn't really exist in a lot of games in the same way that it does in Magic. There are some imperfect analogies, but it's not really the same thing.
You're wasting my time and continuing to fail to respond to or understand my posts. In doing so, you have made the world a worse place. You did not address a single one of my points, while simultaneously wasting my time with the very technique you were linking to. I have made an extremely simple argument, and you have utterly failed to address it in any way, shape, or form, instead arguing about arguing while using terminology you clearly do not have a good grasp of. The fact that you believe you are addressing my arguments shows a fundamental lack of comprehension of how logic and argumentation actually works. &gt; you're being a condescending jerk Yes, I am. And so are you. If you don't recognize that, then you are not cognizant of your own behavior. I'm tired of having my time wasted. The purpose of a productive debate is not to try and show off how smart you are, it's to better understand reality. You have fundamentally misunderstood Scott's points, and indeed, what Scott *does*.
I think you kind of missed the point. By having a dungeonfinder, it means that you're not overly reliant on any particular group of people, and you can play at any time. It means that people aren't "held hostage" to their raid group, and can freely commingle.
Oh, Runaway Steam-Kin is easily the best of the lot. It's probably the best card in standard, honestly, given the nonsense you can pull with it. Though I will note that Chainwhirler's first strike is really relevant because you can swing in with chainwhirler than use a burn spell to kill a blocker and basically add +3 to your burn spell. It's a nasty trick you have to watch out for.
The best is when you bluff having a way of screwing them over if they attack for lethal, and so they play around the card you don't have, and then you draw the card the next turn and play it, saving yourself, and they're like "Hah! I knew they had it."
The nexus deck works by using [[Wilderness Reclaimation]] to repeatedly untap all its lands to cast [[Nexus of Fate]] early and often. It has a lot of draw spells to help it find Nexus of Fate and thin its deck out, and uses [[Tamiyo]] to further thin the deck while looking for it. Likewise, [[Search for Azcanta]] both helps thin the deck and also, when flipped into a land, serves as a powerful tool for filtering for your [[Nexus of Fate]] - doubly so because it is untapped by [[Wilderness Reclaimation]]! The deck wins by taking infinite turns with Nissa out; Nissa can make all your lands into 3/3 creatures, and then you can just beat your opponent to death with them.
That's just a crappy dungeon finder tool.
You should read [The Chaos](http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html) by Gerard Nolst Trenité. It's a great poem. &gt; Dearest creature in creation &gt; Studying English pronunciation, &gt; I will teach you in my verse &gt; Sounds like corpse, corps, horse and worse. . &gt; I will keep you, Susy, busy, &gt; Make your head with heat grow dizzy; &gt; Tear in eye, your dress you'll tear; &gt; Queer, fair seer, hear my prayer. . &gt; Pray, console your loving poet, &gt; Make my coat look new, dear, sew it! &gt; Just compare heart, hear and heard, &gt; Dies and diet, lord and word. . &gt; Sword and sward, retain and Britain &gt; (Mind the latter how it's written). &gt; Made has not the sound of bade, &gt; Say-said, pay-paid, laid but plaid. There's a lot more, you should go read it. :V
The reason why this was done was to not put all their eggs in one basket and to ensure that the US has multiple rocket-making companies.
You can easily build a Grixis or Esper control deck in singleton that will kill every creature your opponent plays.
They're directed towards casual players, not spikes. There are spike-oriented precons, like the challenger decks. https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/feature/challenger-decks-2019-03-18
&gt; I don't see how Chan6ra doesn't see play as a late game finisher in control decks. Maybe in decks that can't play Niv Mizzet, Parun. Niv Mizzet is very much "untap with this and you win", whereas this doesn't actually guarantee that - she takes six turns to kill you on her own, assuming you've gained no life, and she's not really much less vulnerable than Mr. Mizzet is given how much planeswalker hate is floating around (people are maindecking The Elderspell!).
Clearly you gotta run Jaya and Jaya's Greeting in there, too.
I've read the studies. I also understand how variables are adjusted for, and the many, many pitfalls in doing so, because confounding variables are not always confounding variables. I've done a fair bit of statistical work. I understand this stuff quite well, and the many issues that are encountered. People screw it up all the damn time.
Persistent Petitioners are bad in singleton. So is rats. You can run like, all the real cards in singleton. Singleton's power level is close to that of standard, it just has less deck variety.
The card is super slow. Grixis beats it easily by just winning before it kills you. Even if you tick it up twice that's only a 10 turn clock, and most of the time, you'll only get one tick before they kill it. Grixis kills you with [[Nicol Bolas, The Ravager]], [[Nicol Bolas, Dragon God]], [[Liliana, Dreadhorde General]], or even a Zombie Army from [[Enter the God Eternals]] long before this becomes an issue. All of those things will kill you in fiveish turns, and Enter the God Eternals even gains you life to boot. Esper decks hoping to win using Teferi looping will be hosed by this, but that deck hasn't been good for a while now and it is really tedious anyway so good riddance. Likewise, Nexus Decks that rely on looping Nexus of Fate endlessly will lose to this, but again, too bad, so sad, should have run some Hydroid Krasis to actually win within a reasonable period of time.
Awakened and awoken are both correct. Awakened is the older form of the word, actually.
[[One With Nothing]] fools many people into thinking that it must be useful for something.
Not sure why you got downvoted, you're absolutely right about Death Loop. Fixed. &gt; Most of those other games showings ranged from average to bad imo. Admittedly I've loved Psychonauts ever since I first played it in like, 2009? It's probably not for everyone, as it is quite the quirky thing. I suspect a lot of those I have good will towards because of previous iterations. Except for Halo Infinite; I actually have no idea if that's good, I just can't not mention it because a ton of people are huge Halo fans.
Yup. Red, white, and green all have team boosting as a part of their pie, just in different ways.
https://www.medicinalgenomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Sudden-unexpected-death-under-acute-influence-of-cannabis.pdf
Not really. Both of those games are a lot worse than Anthem is.
All of those games are a lot worse than Anthem is. Borderlands has quite bad gameplay. The Division 2 is extremely bland and repetitive, and gets boring very quickly, especially if you've played previous games. Destiny 2 is just soulless and kind of blah. Core gunplay is okay but the game does little to really engage you.
Why do you deliberately waste people's time?
&gt; Early on in Magic's history, they did *a lot more* allied pairings than enemy pairings. They basically only changed that after the first Ravnica set, but they had had enemy color multicolored cards since at least *The Dark*.
Dredge circumvents an entirely different resource - instead of circumventing mana costs, it circumvents card drawing being random.
There's still some black ramp, but it's all tied to either having lots of swamps ([[Cabal Stronghold]]) or sacrificing creatures ([[Priest of Forgotten Gods]]).
Dredge only had the opportunity to become a problem after Future Sight was printed; when it originally came out, there just weren't many enablers for it. Time Spiral block brought out Dread Return, but it was really Narcomoeba and Bridge from Below that made the deck scary (though Street Wraith sure didn't help). Before that point, the deck was a tier 3 deck - it could win, but it was generally not the best choice. It actually was pretty good against aggro decks, but it struggled against some midrange, control, and especially combo decks like Heartbeat of Spring. After Future Sight came out, the deck started being able to do powerful things much more consistently, but it was kept in check by A) Martyrs and Rusalkas (which made it easy for opposing decks to kill their own creatures to shut off Bridge from Below) and B) Dragonstorm, a highly non-interactive combo deck that Dredge had trouble with because Dragonstorm's gameplan basically totally ignored everything dredge was doing and Dredge had a hard time stopping it (it did run some discard, but it wasn't always enough). Also, graveyard hate. That format had [[Tormod's Crypt]], [[Extirpate]], AND [[Leyline of the Void]] in it, so it basically had all of the best graveyard hate cards available, so it was very possible to hate out the deck, which is probably part of why the deck didn't end up everywhere. Even still, [NarcoBridge was a top-tier standard deck,](https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/feature/taking-walk-through-standard-2007-07-18) it just wasn't in standard very long. It's possible that it was degenerate, but no one managed to break dredge while it was in standard (or at least, not for long enough for it to matter). No one really remembers it happened because there weren't many major events with it.
Honestly, I feel like Tamiyo's passive is the worst of the passives because it is so disconnected from the functionality of the rest of the card. It is just kind of there, which makes it really easy to forget.
The problem with letting him pull out of combat is that it would let someone indefinitely stall out an attacker that way.
This sort of Bo1 design leads to better Bo3, because game 1 is more interesting. Having decks have answers to each other leads to more interactive games. Cards that serve multiple purposes are more interesting to play with than cards that only do one thing anyway. The biggest issue is complexity creep. And no, you don't want your sideboard cards to be ridiculously crushing; that's bad design. Modern has major issues with that, and they've scaled back on how nasty hosers are for standard for a reason.
&gt; Everyone has the potential to do a lot. I used to believe this. Then I actually learned about how the real world worked. It fucking upset me terribly. I cried for like a day when I found out that it was a lie. Yeah, turns out? All men are not created equal. That's just a lie we tell to children. In reality, people are not blessed with equal ability. That's not to say that people can't do better than they are - I've never once met anyone who lived up to their maximum potential. But the reality is that the maximum potential of some people is below what other people do when they're slacking off. Life isn't fair.
Manta rays might be able to recognize themselves in mirrors! Most fish are pretty dumb, though.
Underemployment is also very low.
Because white and blue are the colors that get timing restrictions like this; it's part of their color pie. Black can get cursing powers, but curses won't prevent you from doing such things, though it might punish you for it. Black can probably still get [[Chains of Mephistopheles]] type stuff, but not timing restrictions. Green and red have uncounterability instead of the ability to prevent you from playing instants and cards with flash or whatever. So instead of timing restrictions, they can instead just cast things that you can't stop (literally, in the case of Split Second, where you can't even respond to it with almost anything). Cards like [Banefire](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=447266), [Rhythm of the Wild](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=457345), and [Domri, Anarch of Chaos](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=461118) would be examples of this.
[[Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir]] was a stronger card back then than [[Teferi, Time Raveller]] is today. The thing is, you could play Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir during your opponent's end step, and then untap with him. Good luck killing him. The fact that he could be flashed in during combat was also pretty brutal, as he could be flashed in, block something, kill it, and then even if the opponent then spent a removal spell second main phase, you still 2-for-1ed them and hurt their tempo (and, against aggro decks, his static ability wasn't really that good anyway, so this was a very solid play). Control decks feared him because it was very easy to cast him EOT and then untap with them, and very often, you'd just lose at that point because the opposing control deck could cast all their spells during your end step and you had virtually no way to get rid of him because by the time you could respond, they had all their mana untapped.
Yes. Anything that gives a number of targets must be exactly that number of targets. For example, [[Hex]] requires that there be six targets in play. Cards that say "up to" allow you to select fewer than the maximum targets. Something that has multiple instances of "target" can choose the same target for multiple targets; for instance, you can choose the same creature three times for [[Seeds of Strength]].
Standard isn't really that strong by historical standards.
You keep on repeating the same lies, over and over again. &gt; Heavy alcohol use, illicit drug use, tobacco use, alcohol abuse or dependence, and illicit drug abuse or dependence were more prevalent among the unemployed before, at the start of, and during the 2009-2010 period of high unemployment. This is because drug addicts are more likely to be unemployed, not because unemployment causes drug addiction. They found that drug addicts were more likely to be unemployed at all times. Shock and surprise, this held true. However, unemployment did not cause more drug abuse ( p &lt; .0001). [This is very obvious when you look at the rate of drug overdose deaths.](https://d14rmgtrwzf5a.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/odr-graph1.jpg) There has been a steady year over year increase in drug overdose deaths over the last 20 years, which has zero relationship with the unemployment rate - the unemployment rate increased in the early 2000s, declined, then increased dramatically in the late 2000s during the great recession, then declined again. **The number of deaths from drug overdoses had zero relationship with unemployment rates.**
They can just side into more creatures/planeswalkers post sideboard. Or splash green or white for enchantment removal.
This is a reasonably solid tempo card; it's basically a [[Dive Down]] variant. It's pretty good in green midrange as well, as if you have mana open on turn 2, or heck, if you play a land and pass on turn 1, you can use this to protect yourself from the inevitable Thought Erasure. It also works to let you win a counter war.
Yeah, that's the real play here. The main question is what other dirty things you can do with RUG. Obviously this would allow you to accellerate into something dumb like a giant Hydroid Krasis, but... yeah, I'm not sure if those cards all go together, really.
Swinginess, mostly. They're often quite undercosted for what they do, which means that they're extremely powerful against some decks - which means that, from the perspective of those decks, the card is undercosted all the time, while it isn't even relevant elsewhere.
This is exactly why. When you were using Urza's crap, it was because he was a mythical planeswalker, one of just a few such people. Also, it was much more D&amp;Dish back then - stuff like Tasha's Uncontrollable Hideous Laughter felt very much in line with early Magic. It feels weird when they're supposed to be your contemporaries.
Yeah, they're likely to be relevant, seeing as they've been relevant every time they were printed.
I love bad puns.
Honestly, it's pretty nasty with planeswalkers in general, as they allow you to get around the one spell effect per turn limitation.
No. Sliver Queen is from Stronghold. Karona is from Scourge, which was like, five years later. Karona was like the fifth 5-color card.
For now. But the super color intensive cards are all going away, so there's going to be much more incentive to run two colors.
Ehhhhhh. They got rid of regeneration, and with good reason. Honestly, I think that the mares from 2019 were a better application of pseudo "protection".
It mostly has to do with how good planeswalkers are, really.
Prophylaxis is the reason why it is super rare. Not many people are exposed, but if you are exposed to a sick bat, your odds of getting rabies are much , much higher.
I mean, the decks that play this are either abusing the discard (GB reanimator, most likely) or are aggro decks that play out their entire hand by turn 4 (Rakdos deck wins).
Because you can swing with this on turn 3, and if they don't block, you can play History of Benalia to develop your board, and if they do block, you can pump this to kill whatever they blocked with. Turn 4, they're faced with the same conundrum, but you aren't even forced to sacrifice developing your board to pump this if you've got History out puking out another knight, and you have out an extra creature without spending an extra card, which makes it easier to play around wrath (as you can dump mana into this instead of into developing your board, and it doesn't feel bad to do so). The fact that it gets boosted by History is adds further insult to injury.
For it to actually be good, you'd need three cards in play - Marauding Raptor, Polyraptor, and either something that caused damage every time something came into play, or made a player draw a card every time a creature came into play, or some sort of sac outlet to break the loop so you can actually make use of your arbitrarily large number of polyraptors. Moreover, polyraptor costs 8 mana. It's okay for an 8cc card to cause you to win the game. The cheapest you can do this for is 5 mana, and that requires reanimation, which is, again, a three card combo - and even then, you'd actually need a fourth card to actually abuse it.
Potentially saucy in formats with crazy good lands. Not sure how this is in standard, though; unless they print fetches or cycling lands, this isn't going to be really easy to turn on early, and while you can do fun things with this and Crucible of Worlds, I'm not sure if it's really worth it? There's definitely a sort of janky deck with this, field of ruin, crucible of worlds, and the dinosaur that lets you play extra lands each turn, but I'm not sure if there's a good deck lurking there.
Deadly Charm BBB Instant Choose one: * Destroy target creature. * Target player discards two cards. * Creatures you control gain menace until end of turn.
Like most auras, it suffers from the 2-for-1ing problem. It'd be a lot more worthy of consideration with flash; as-is, while it can theoretically stall a bit, it's really just asking for your opponent to 2-for-1 you.
Bands with Others isn't any more complicated than banding, it's name just has nothing to do with how it actually functions.
Protection from card types is much less problematic than protection from colors. That being said, it's still confusing. I would love to see a protection from planeswalkers card, though.
It's complicated for a mechanic period. The mechanic makes no actual sense.
Skill is a greater determinant than people are willing to admit. Even pro-level players make play mistakes on a regular basis.
I think it has to do with the fact that Crop Rotation isn't banned in Legacy or Vintage anymore, which are the formats where this effect is most abusive as that's where the broken lands are legal. What broken lands are still legal in modern? Tron? Flagstones of Trokair? Valakut? I guess you can abuse this with Crucible of Worlds/Life from the Loam and landfall/land leaves play triggers... It's potentially powerful, but I'm not sure what you're doing with it. And I'm not sure if the mana investment is worth what effect you're getting out of it, when you can just cast Scapeshift for 2GG. Does the scapeshift deck want this? I mean, that's really the main thing I'm thinking of here. It's pretty easy to abuse landfall triggers with this, and Valakut synergizes well with this, but you need at least six lands in play to abuse Valakut.
The main reason you'd do it is to set up some absurd number of landfall triggers on turn 3. Turn 2 you turn a land into a fetchland, then on turn 3 you play a fetch, fetch a card, crack the fetch you grabbed with this to get another card, then crack this to fetch another fetch, then crack that fetch to get another card. That's 6 lands coming into play in one turn. The problem is, while that could be abusive with Valakut, you'd need at least 6 lands in play to do that. There might be some other landfall thing that you could abuse with it, but I'm not sure what. Also, you'd need to actually cast that other thing.
A 4/3 for 4 is good in limited. It's obviously not good in constructed.
Yeah, I'd recommend focusing on what my post said. You didn't respond to it at all. Lopsided matchups are bad. Period. It's just bad design. Overly strong hate mechanics are bad. And some colors have no way to circumvent hate mechanics, while others do. Protection is a problem precisely because red *can't* circumvent it. Red board wipes don't kill creatures with protection.
Won't fix the problem, you'll still have to pay for it.
Actually, it was always just a flat-out lie. Half of marriages never ended in divorce. Also, the highest divorce rates were amongst gen-Xers, not boomers.
Uh, no. Baby boomers did a great deal for the country economically, socially, and politically.
The weird thing is that [[Phyrexian Dreadnought]] has the same text, but has kept the original wording, while the others haven't.
That said, it's still insanely risky. Nissa already runs the risk of turning all the opponent's removal into land destruction and sweepers into armageddon. I've had opponents lose all their lands to animating them to Nissa only to have them all die in turn.
Correct, though you can damage yourself to below 0 with things like [[Command the Dreadhorde]], as it isn't a cost.
It was a humorous quip. Though in my experience, the paper is actually probably close to correct. Most scientific papers are kind of awful, and the number of them that actually get replicated is quite small. Of course, some of them are about stuff that doesn't really matter, which means that no one replicates it because no one cares. Still, some are kind of weird. For instance, there's a paper out there suggesting that ants can pass the mirror self-recognition test - a test even most mammals and birds can't pass. This is something that would be pretty easy to replicate, but to the best of my knowledge, no one has ever done so.
Being hasty, uncounterable, and unbounceable is solid. It can get in 5 damage or rush in and kill a planeswalker.
Eh, it's relevant in go-wide tokens decks. Turn 2 this, turn 3 two token producers, you've got 5 creatures out.
Yikes, this is a solid white fatty in limited. This can easily be a 4/4 or 5/5.
Dreadhorde is a midrange/combo deck. RDW is aggro/combo. Both decks use their combos as an inevitability tool - you have to close out the game against both decks before they draw into their combo and then run you over with it, but the decks' primary plan is to just with against you on the board - the combo is basically a backup plan for if their plan A isn't working or needs reinforcement to go over the top.
One player played Warboss while the other player had Moment of Craving in their hand. The game went on to the combat step, causing the Warboss to make a token before the other player could remove it.
It makes it less likely you won't find a keepable hand in general, for certain definitions of keepable, which improves the consistency of linear decks in principle. However, the analysis cannot take into account the fact that hands with fewer cards are also easier to screw over with 1-for-1 trades. If you have 7 cards in hand, and get thoughtseized, you and your foe both are down to 6. If you have 5 cards in hand, and get thoughtseized, you are down to 4 and your opponent is down to 6. While it was a 1 for 1 trade, you lost a higher percentage of your hand. When you're ahead on cards, 1:1 trades are hugely to your advantage. There's other weaknesses as well, like the fact that your opponent's odds of getting a specific sideboard card that hoses you skyrockets. While he claims that the number of keepable hands doesn't go down per mulligan, all it really means is that the number of hands that you actually get some reasonable mixture of lands and spells is higher. But those mull to 5 hands are much more likely to be untenable in practice.
I've had this happen once so far.
The problem is that, for 6 mana, this doesn't win you the game on its own. You could be running Liliana for that mana cost, and she will win you the game.
Since when was Zelda not laughably easy? It's not like the Zelda series is noted for being particularly hard.
This is vastly better than Short Sword is. The main reason why equipment is bad is that it costs a lot of tempo to play and equip and all of that is undone by a single removal spell. This basically gives them a weaker version of the Aura problem, where you spend two cards but only one removal spell trades for them. It takes them one fewer removal spell to kill all of your threats off, which means that if they can kill off all your threats, they gain virtual card advantage of one card (and potentially a fair bit of mana advantage along the way). Coming into play as a 2/2 makes a huge difference in playability because you circumvent the virtual card advantage issue and it gives you a bigger tempo boost. If you swing with your 2/2 just once, you will get the same damage in as if you had cast and equipped Short Sword, and any damage after that point is pure upside. And if your creature does eat a removal spell, spending 1 to give a creature +1/+1 is quite handy, especially in weenie decks, as it can push your 3/x up to a 4/x+1, which is big enough to kill most midrange creatures. It also serves as a low-key mana sink, which can be useful in weenie decks.
Is there something that lets you reanimate a 3cc creature and give it haste? Also, this thing has 0 toughness in your graveyard, so things that reanimate things with 1 or less or 2 or less toughness can reanimate this. There's potentially some ways of abusing this. That said, I was more thinking in terms of Standard.
Uh, no? Mono-green sucks. It's terrible. People try to make it work, the same as they try to make mono-black work, but it's bad. Mono-white is okay, but it doesn't seem like it has a lot of great matchups in the meta. The best version splashes blue or red anyway, but it's kind of meh. Hilariously, many of them are running Experimental Frenzy now, which feels like an admission that they should just be playing red. Mono-blue was a meta deck, very powerful against some decks but it loses pretty badly to aggro strategies, and it is pretty easy to hose. Mono-red is quite good, but the deck has limited sideboarding options. In terms of multicolor, we're seeing a lot of UB, UW, UR, UG, BG, BW, and RG. Blue is the strongest color (even though mono-blue isn't good right now), with all four multicolor guilds for it being good and seeing quite a bit of play. Black has three (BW, BG, and UB). Green has three (RG, UG, and BG), while white and red have just two each (BW and UW for white, RG and UR for red). Boros shows up in some less common decks (Feather and Jeskai superfriends), as well as a white weenie splash. Rakdos shows up in the fringe Rakdos Aggro deck plus Grixis Control and midrange. Selesnya shows up in Bant Ramp, but the only GW cards that really see play are Trotsani and Shalai.
Many decks just don't run enough targets for this; it hits legendary creatures, planeswalkers, other legendary permanents (The Immortal Sun, Legion's Landing, and Search for Azcanta), and it serves as a stifle, which means you can shut off Blast Zone or Hydroid Krasis. And yes, it can counter the legendary spells, but no one seems interested in running them at the moment (though this card is Billion Dollar Bant's worst nightmare). There's some decks that this is quite reasonable against, but a lot of decks run maybe 8 cards that this hits, tops. Running it in the main is just asking for trouble against RDW or Gruul. The main thing I could see this as is a means for blue tempo decks to shut off Blast Zone without running a card that is totally useless for everything else. But a great deal of the time, you'd rather run [[Sorcerous Spyglass]].
I have to admit, my favorite punchline for this joke is "Oh, don't get me started." But the joke amuses me either way.
The game has combat, but it is really simple as well.
It depends on how many ingress portals are around, really. I live in a college town, about 50,000 people, so there's a fuckton of Ingress portals all over the place - and thus, Pokestops and stuff for Harry Potter. It's pretty easy to get huge amounts of energy or pokeballs if you know where to go to farm stuff - typically parks, though some other places are super dense. The biggest problem with the game isn't energy - it's actually fairly easy to farm it (like pokeballs) if you know what you're doing. The problem is that the game itself is crap. It's just collecting stuff for the sake of collecting it. And it's worse than Pokemon Go because what you're collecting is less interesting than Pokemon.
It's because WoW made a lot of money and they all thought they could replicate it.
You're confusing "people who constantly shriek online about everything" with "a majority of people". There's always people who are shrieking about literally everything online. [The Ingress Intel Map, which shows all the portals, is visible online.](https://intel.ingress.com/intel) It's pretty obvious when you look at it that most places with any sort of significant population have quite a few portals. If you live out in a truly remote rural area, yeah, you're kind of boned - but only a small proportion of the population actually lives in places that are that remote. The fact that the game is based around points of interest means that if there's nothing interesting out where you are (which is the case in places where everyone has 100+ acres) then yeah, you're not gonna be able to play. The core idea of Niantic games is - for better or for worse - using real world points of interest as a means of drawing people out into parks and other areas, to gather together to do real life raids and shit. That obviously means that their game aren't going to work very well in places where the population is very thin.
Depends on what kind of deck you're facing. Against a red deck, turning the hammer into the sword is the better play, because you can then stick it on a creature and then the creature will become an enormous beatstick that they have no hope of burning out. Against a control deck, you probably want to turn the sword into the hammer to get in the damage now.
Losses are known to be quite substantial and we've seen legitimate sales go up when piracy sites get taken down, and likewise, the industry has seen that sales numbers are higher when pirates fail to crack a game (which is why they're willing to pay for DRM in the first place). The music industry has taken really substantial damage as a result and music sales have taken an enormous punch in the balls. Streaming revenues have not made up for it; people are consuming more music than ever before, too, so it's not like people don't want it.
Man, you didn't even bother reading four words. &gt; Steal: to take **or appropriate** without right or leave and with intent to keep or make use of wrongfully Quit wasting my time.
They're written in languages that change and die over time. If people are interested, they get translated. If not, then they just sit around and are a pain in the ass to read. Being digital is irrelevant; you can save digital files quite easily.
Treasure Map wasn't all that good. It also cost less mana to use - there's a very big difference between 1 mana and 2 mana. And you can't play any cards with Bag of Holding that you can't play without it, because you only draw it about half the time.
No, but it can pick up a dropped hammer and go beat on someone with it. The point is redundancy in case plan A fails.
Do we have any idea how many people actually play Blackout? PUBG is down to about 700k concurrent players at peak, and about 650k in its troughs.
The second half of it is literally just the E3 demo with two extra trash mobs at the start of it (the two fire beetles right before the second meeting with Saw). The first half, with the AT-AT and the ship, is new. The area after the droid getting the upgrade is basically the start of the E3 demo. The E3 demo basically starts at 13:42.
&gt; but it does help [[Citation Needed]] I'm not sure if there's actually strong evidence that spending more money on mental health issues actually makes people more mentally healthy as a whole. In fact, we've seen the opposite - mental health seems to get worse the more we're spending on it.
Well, yeah, but that's because the bear chokes to death while eating the fourth one and dies.
Knight of Autumn, Goblin Chainwhirler, Legion Warboss, Krenko, Thief of Sanity, Benalish Marshal... There might be some others. We can rather insanely run a 4/4 and a 2/5 for 3 right now. Creatures are very pushed.
Yes, they do. That's the entire point of the core set. Normally, every common and uncommon card has the reminder text, while rares and legendaries do not. They've pared back on it slightly (the main sets used to have reminder text on everything, including flying) but now they omit it on flying and auras.
Grixis runs something like 4x Nicol Bolas, 2x Lili, 1-2x Ugin.
Just an FYI, before people get super excited by this, this isn't the first time this has been suggested, but it's not clear that it's correct/it may be more complicated than this/ect. There was a study on people whose vagus nerves had been severed, preventing transmission in this way, some years ago. [It did not appear to lower the incidence rate of Parkinson's.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5440238/)
&gt; “Usually, even a non-Christian knows something about the earth, the heavens, and the other elements of this world, about the motion and orbit of the stars and even their size and relative positions… and this knowledge he holds to as being certain from reason and experience. Now, it is a disgraceful and dangerous thing for an infidel to hear a Christian, presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture, talking non-sense on these topics; and we should take all means to prevent such an embarrassing situation, in which people show up vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh it to scorn. &gt; The shame is not so much that an ignorant individual is derided, but that people outside the household of faith think our sacred writers held such opinions, and, to the great loss of those for whose salvation we toil, the writers of our Scripture are criticized and rejected as unlearned men. If they find a Christian mistaken in a field which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions about our books, how are they going to believe those books in matters concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the kingdom of heaven, when they think their pages are full of falsehoods on facts which they themselves have learned from experience and the light of reason? &gt; Reckless and incompetent expounders of Holy Scripture bring untold trouble and sorrow on their wiser brethren when they are caught in one of their mischievous false opinions and are taken to task by those who are not bound by the authority of our sacred books. For then, to defend their utterly foolish and obviously untrue statements, they will try to call upon Holy Scripture for proof and even recite from memory many passages which they think support their position, although "they understand neither what they say nor the things about which they make assertions".” * Saint Augustine
So report it. Better still, write a letter to a news outlet and give them links to the comments, and they'll write a nasty piece about how Reddit allows people to threaten violence and blah blah blah.
Liberal subs don't call for violence. Far-left subs - like r/socialism - do, and frankly, it probably should have been gotten rid of years ago as well, along with r/the_donald. Reddit is frankly a better place when it is r/aww. It's really bad at any sort of serious discussion.
&gt; Holy shit is that number the most made up of made up bullshit. It was a typo, as was obvious from the next paragraph. The average is $588/month. &gt; If you have a job that covers 100% of your health insurance premiums, you already are so far out of the realm of reality that I now understand how you can possibly be this fucking delusional. It's pretty common? Benefits are a thing. &gt; $400/month in utilities is pretty goddamn low. I mean, it varies by location, and also on how much you use. &gt; Most people over the age of 40 own their own homes. But it's increasingly out of reach for younger generations. This is just a flat-out lie that is used to manipulate people by monstrously evil people. [Home ownership rates are similar to where they were in the 1960s and 1980s.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/Home_Ownership_rate.png) We saw a massive upswing in the home ownership rate between 1995 and the financial crisis, but the reason why the mortgage crisis happened in the first place was that people bought houses they couldn't afford because of easy credit being given out to people that shouldn't be given credit. And indeed, from peak to trough, the difference was only 7 percentage points. The reality is that home ownership is at historically normal levels; the 2000s were the aberration, which is very clear when you look at the long-term trends. The idea that it is "increasingly out of reach" of people is just a flat-out lie. &gt; The median INDIVIDUAL income in the US is closer to $32,000/year. That median includes people who only work part-time, who mostly don't live alone. The median income for full-time workers was $865/week in 2016, or about $44k/year. Median household income is north of $60k/year. People who live alone are much less likely to live in large, expensive houses because they don't need the space. You don't get to live in a mansion if you're making only an average amount of money and living on your own. &gt; Your clothing estimates are ludicrous. You really getting by with one pair of shoes, two shirts, two pairs of pants, and 4 pair of underwear? Bullshit. I have five pairs of shoes, thirteen pairs of pants, 30 shirts (not including t-shirts), and about 15 underwear and about 20 pairs of socks. But that is stuff accumulated over years and years. Apart from my underwear and socks, the rest of my clothing only wears out very slowly. I am underestimating a bit - I totally forgot about shorts, which I buy about two of every year as well, so as a result I've got about 14 pairs of those as well, plus about six pairs of sweat pants - but the fact is that I just don't wear out my clothing very quickly. I've still got t-shirts that I wore in high school and college. In fact, almost all of my t-shirts are 10+ years old because I just don't buy them and I have too many. But my clothing lasts a long time. I just don't wear it out. And I don't really care about being stylish or whatever, I just wear polo shirts and khakis to work, forever. If I'm around the house, I'm wearing shorts and a t-shirt, or sweats and a t-shirt. As long as it isn't ratty, I don't care. And for my slouch around the house clothes, I don't really care if it's a bit ratty. I just don't replace my clothing very often; I only really replace it if it is getting ratty. And that takes a long time to happen.
At that size, it's possible to fuse heavier elements.
If you lie to people about what the costs are in order to manipulate them, you're a horrible person. People need to make informed decisions. Only horrible, manipulative people who have nothing but bad intentions do this. If you have good ideas, you don't need to lie about them. The fact that you are lying suggests that you know on some level that what you are proposing is bad. Reality check: China produces more than twice as much greenhouse gases as the US does at this point. The developing world is producing more than the developed world, and will continue to increase how much pollution it puts out. Nothing short of serial genocide is going to prevent that.
Actually, we do. Reality check: the US could drop its emissions to 0 tomorrow and we would still see more than +2C of warming by the end of the century.
Try reading and responding to posts, rather than just shouting like you're on Twitter.
*sigh* IRENA (which is the source they're citing) uses maximum net generating capacity. For wind, *actual* production is about 20-40% of that figure. For solar, *actual* production is 12-20% of the max. There's a world of difference between rated capacity and actual production.
This seems incredibly questionable. The first chart in the article shows total capacity of 200 MW, with two projects (so 400 MW total). But the capacity factor for solar panels is generally 10-25% - IIRC it's about 19% in Arizona, which is likely to be comparable in LA. So let's assume 20%, so the output of closer to 80 MWh per hour on average over the course of the year. 1 MW costs about $1 million to install just for the panels and installation. Even assuming the land is free (which by the looks of things would be insane as far as assumptions go, as this is within the metro area, but maybe the city is giving it to them?) that would be $400 million or so. 80 MWh (average) x $19.99 per MWh x 24 hours/day x 365 days/year = $14,008,992 per year. Over 25 years, assuming *no* drop in production (which isn't going to happen - solar panels degrade over time, producing less energy), that's $280,179,840. That's about $120M short. And that's ignoring the many, many other costs involved. And *that's* assuming they all got paid up front. There's something fucky going on here. Either they're getting a bunch of very expensive land for free (which *might* make this "losing proposition" worthwhile if they replace the solar panels with development in 25 years, but that seems like a really crazy long-term investment) or... I don't even know what else would make this economically feasible. Unless they're paying for capacity installed, not produced? But they seem to think they're paying for production, not capacity...
Terrible. The only semi-feasible form of grid-level power storage is pumped hydro, and even that isn't great.
If you do some quick math here, there's no way that this project is financially viable. Just buying and installing the solar panels would cost $400 million, let alone the price of land (near LA!), but the project is only going to generate $280 million of electricity over 25 years, and that's probably generous. Even assuming they were 100% paid up front and had to pay nothing for maintainence or the land, and had zero interest in making any profit, this is at least a cent per kWh under what it should be. This suggests to me that something weird is going on here. Either someone fucked up on their math, the contractor is going to go bankrupt, there's some other money being put into this somehow, or... something. It just doesn't add up.
You're exhibiting a dangerous degree of extremism. If such taxes would harm human development, then they should not exist. Period. And that is what you're arguing here. The reality is that such taxes are artificial, not natural, and your argument that it is unnatural is actually flat-out false. Everything you believe is a lie. The world is not going to end.
The 1 v 9 situation was extremely bad and there's a reason the better MOBAs prevented that from happening - it was extremely unfun.
&gt; But they get so many submissions every day it must be impossible to curate them all. It's not impossible, they just don't care to. There'd be a lot less submissions if they were curated as well.
Apex struck while the iron was still hot. It's having trouble keeping its players, though; all the BRs are shedding players like crazy.
Revolving around lifegain isn't bad; there's a lot of cards in standard that have lifegain payoffs. There's the card from GRN, Dawn of Hope, that lets you pay 2 to draw a card every time you gain life. Pridemate is mostly kept in check by the fact that you have to run mediocre cards to support it. This gives things lifelink, which acts as an enabler for all of them, and gives all your lifegain things direct payoff as well as it makes your creatures better. Something like turn 1 Healer's Hawk, turn 2 Pridemate, turn 3 this is a legitimately scary opening, as you can either have a 2/2 hawk and a 4/4 pridemate (big enough to survive Deafening Clarion), or a 1/1 hawk and a 5/5 pridemate (which is big enough to survive Wrath of Storm). Heck, this works well with Deafening Clarion as well. This also can potentially work in BW, as there's a number of good cards in there which play into this - the new 3/3 vigilance menace lifelink graveyard hoser creature for 3 is good with this, as is Oath of Kaya. And there's always Sorin, Vengeful Bloodlord. Lifegain isn't bad; it's when you play cards that do nothing but gain you life that it is bad. Incidental lifegain is often very strong.
I got a Switch a few weeks before Christmas with Breath of the Wild, Mario Odyssey, and MarioKart 8, and I had fun with the latter two. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate has been fun as well. I haven't gotten around to some other games. I rented Arms from the library, which was fun for a few hours but I would have been very disappointed if I had purchased it.
There's more tramplers in standard than is typical. Throne of Eldraine alone had 17 of them, including five cards that grant trample. That's *more* than normal - Amonkhet, for instance, had only 7. Heck, even Ixalan, the big stompy dinosaur set, had only 16. Also, this card is a 6/6 for 4 and a 12/12 for 6, which is hyperefficient; cards like that usually don't have trample as otherwise they're too good.
Nowadays? That's always been the case, really. They either need to give some benefit the turn they come into play, do something when they die, or have some way to protect themselves, otherwise if they cost more than 4 mana they're probably bad. Also, Ferox saw a fair bit of play in various Gruul lists.
I'm afraid this is literal propaganda. The US did in fact work on setting up the court, but did not sign onto the court for a number of extremely good reasons: 1) The court is mostly for show - countries put up their own people for trial onto it, it has no enforcement powers or ability to compel people to show up. Indeed, if the court actually *had* any power, *the guy who the US blew up would already be in prison*. Because, you know, he's been involved in supporting international terrorism on behalf of a state actor and thus, crimes against humanity. It should also be noted that some of the people who were killed in this attack have been wanted for literally decades for terrorist acts they've been involved with, so, again, the international justice system is pretty weak. 2) The US didn't want bad actors to use the court for posturing against the US; they wanted it to actually be a serious court, but bad actors like Iran, Syria, ect. would probably constantly try to file frivolous bullshit (like this, frankly - the dude was, in fact, involved in the material support of a lot of terrorist activity, so constituted a valid military target. Indeed, one of the other people who got blown up in the attack was a terrorist who participated in a terrorist bombing in Kuwait in the 1980s). 3) The court is actually *literally illegal* for the US to sign onto - per the US Constitution, the US Supreme Court is the highest court of appeal in the US, and obviously, an international court cannot be subject to the jurisdiction of the US Supreme Court. That wouldn't work at all and no one would sign onto that, and the US is obviously not going to amend its constitution to change that fact, either. 4) The US actually wanted better protections for the accused, but the other countries weren't interested. As a result, ICC trials don't actually meet US legal standards for a fair trial, and thus, it would be a violation of an American's right to a fair trial. Again, the US is not going to amend its constitution to impair people's right to a fair trial, and indeed, was unhappy that the ICC didn't extend the same protections to the accused as the US does. TBH, Iran doesn't really have a leg to stand on here anyway from a legal perspective. What the Quds force does isn't really a secret, nor is their involvement with terrorist groups - heck, the dude was literally with internationally wanted terrorists when he was killed. If anyone has the legal right to be upset in this situation, it's Iraq, as the US pretty flagrantly violated their sovereignty by doing this (assuming, of course, that the Iraqi government didn't give the US permission to do so). Though even that wouldn't really fall under the ICC's charter; it's more the sort of thing that is sorted diplomatically. The Navy SEAL thing isn't the sort of thing that the ICC deals with in the first place. The ICC isn't a normal criminal court, it's basically for prosecuting dictators and similar people who committed crimes against humanity on a state or even international level. It's not really designed for trying random asshole soldiers who murder people; countries are expected to police such things on their own. It's only done like a dozen investigations, ever, and only indicted 44 people.
Uh, no? The guy was killed while meeting with someone who had attacked the US embassy like three days ago. The guy has been attacking other countries for years; there have been a number of attacks conducted/supported by the Qud forces in the Middle East just this year. He's the head of the part of the Iranian government involved in supporting foreign terrorist groups and coordinating international terrorist attacks in furtherance of Iran's political aims. So uh, no. Not the adult in the room at all. Iran believed that the US was too conflict-averse to actually hit a real target; they actually had a news segment on this evening showing a bunch of interviews with Iranian officials last year which suggested that the US didn't have the stomach for actually hitting an important target. And indeed, the US has been avoiding killing this guy for years despite the fact that he's the head of Iran's state-sponsored terrorism because of the possibility of escalation into a war with Iran. Iran miscalculated; the embassy attack a few days ago was a foolish mistake, as was meeting with the guy who conducted said attack. For good or for ill, Trump can be very combative, and I wouldn't be surprised if someone pointed out that they believed that Trump was too gutless to do anything about it, and thus, got him to make a strike that some people have been wanting to make for decades. I don't think that the strike was necessarily wise on the part of the US, but on the other hand, I think Iran's escalation over the last year was very stupid, as Trump is not very even-tempered at the best of times, and this was a much more real potential outcome than I think the Iranians believed it was.
The US blew up the head of ISIS just last year. While we did not recognize them as a country, they certainly believed themselves to be one. The US also killed Osama Bin Laden, and I doubt that if some Talibani leader had been meeting with Bin Laden that the US would not have taken the opportunity to knock him off as well. The US has been engaging in the targeted killings of terrorists and their supporters for decades now. And the US considered this guy to be one. Iran thought that the US would not retaliate in such a significant way for their actions over the last year - in fact, interviews they were showing on the news tonight from last summer showed that Iranian officials did not believe that the US had the appetite for war with Iran, and thus, wouldn't take any significant retaliatory action. I think it is very obvious at this point that Iran badly miscalculated. This wasn't a declaration of war, but this was basically the US signalling that the US doesn't actually *care* what Iran thinks at this point, the US will target anyone who is involved in terrorist operations, even if they're state operatives, and that if that means war, so be it. Or at least, that's what it means if actual logic is involved, and this isn't Trump being stupid and people being unable to be talked down from doing something stupid (it's hard to say with Trump, as he's kind of a moron, but he's also very aggressive, so either interpretation is possible). This is a significant escalation on the part of the US, but Iran can't actually afford to escalate this into a war with the US. The problem is that Iran might do so anyway, which is why Bush and Obama both declined to take such aggressive action.
One thing that just occurred to me while reading through the spoiler today is that this has powerful synergies with the escape cards that have a low CMC and some bonus when you escape with them with a higher CMC. For example, [[Chainweb Arcanir]] is normally a 1/2 for G and a 4/5 for 3GG and 4 cards from the graveyard with ETB deal damage to a flying creature equal to power, but with Underworld Breach, your arcanir becomes a 4/5 for G and 3 cards from the GY. I'm not sure what cards are most abusive with this, but that's one way to use this to cheat on mana costs in standard.
Only about a third of the people who smoke marijuana are drug addicts. What is a major sign of drug addiction, however, is when someone believes that they perform better on a drug [which is known to negatively affect judgement and ability.](https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/research-reports/marijuana/does-marijuana-use-affect-driving) &gt; You probably still believe the war on drugs is benefiting this country too lol Lowering the number of people who use recreational drugs is a good thing, as recreational drugs have large negative long-term health consequences. We have anti-smoking campaigns too, even though tobacco is still legal, to try and lower the number of smokers. While some people can abuse drugs on occaision and be responsible about it, people who abuse drugs that negatively effect response time and judgement and then drive are inherently not being responsible about it.
Well, to be fair, the guy is always full of energy.
The socialists are all over r/futurology. And r/politics as well.
Except it wasn't brainwashing. Obama's use of social media wasn't to manipulate people, it was to encourage people to get involved. There's a big difference between, say, lying about how people make less money today than they did in the 1970s (IRL, we make about twice as much in real terms) and encouraging people to sign up to vote.
[There are other studies that show that tenured incompetent teachers are extremely hard to fire,](https://fordhaminstitute.org/national/research/undue-process-why-bad-teachers-twenty-five-diverse-districts-rarely-get-fired) and the districts that they are hardest to fire them in are also districts with extremely powerful unions. Moreover, the argument put forward in the paper you linked to is beyond questionable. [The article can be read here,](https://web.archive.org/web/20170413053417/http://haveyouheardblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Han_Teacher_dismissal_Feb_16.pdf) but it starts out with "Recent studies suggest that teachers are the most important factor in improving the educational achievement of US students", which is already wrong - variation in teacher quality only accounts for about 10% of variation in student academic outcomes. Moreover, the article has a bad case of reverse casuation - they claim that the strong unions are the *cause* of the higher rate of teacher turnover, but in fact, isn't it more likely it is an *effect* of teacher turnover? In a place where teachers are very likely to be fired, there's a lot more incentive to unionize and be devoted to the union and try to stop people from getting fired, whereas in a place with a lower rate of teacher turnover, there's less incentivization to unionize. On top of that, an area with a higher turnover rate may have a higher turnover rate precisely because the district is more interested in providing a high-quality education, which would explain why such districts see better student outcomes. Of course, the whole thing may be moot, as [some studies have failed to find that hiring better teachers or firing incompetent ones even matters appreciably.](https://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2018/06/new-study-concludes-that-rewarding-good-teachers-and-firing-bad-ones-accomplishes-nothing/) On top of all of this, measurements of teacher quality like VAM are [not particularly accurate and may have significant flaws,](https://slatestarcodex.com/2016/05/19/teachers-much-more-than-you-wanted-to-know/) which might mean that even attempting to measure these things is not really feasible. But it gets worse! The study you linked to *didn't even use a measure of actual teacher quality*, instead using HQT identification, which *it even admits*: &gt; Although the HQT lacks an explicit link to the actual educational performance of their matched students Moreover: &gt; To measure the student achievement, I bring in publically available data on high school dropout rates by school district provided by NCES and combine with the SASS data Which is grossly disingenuous to label as "student achievement", when it could more accurately just be called "dropout rate". Moreover, their measure of unionization is not actually a measure of unionization, it's a measure of state laws about unions, but anti-union laws tend to be more prevalent in heavily Republican states, which have higher poverty rates and lower income rates for other reasons, both of which correlate with worse educational outcomes. And indeed: &gt; The last group, the “No-CB” group, bans the CB of teachers, and there are seven states in this group.21 All states except Arizona are located in the South. This pretty much ruins the entire dataset.
Ah yes, the Galileo fallacy. People are far more likely to be wrong than right. And in fact, *literally every single time*, the people with the supernatural explanations have been wrong. The idea of the global unconscious was made up by Jung. Jungian psychology was discredited a very, very long time ago. The idea of the collective unconscious is just bullshit. In fact, it's *obvious* bullshit; it's just not how the world works at all. Knowledge doesn't magically get transmitted between people; it is transmitted via speech, text, and other forms of communication, which is why you see things like cultural diffusion and exchange of knowledge when people meet (and contrariwise, why you see people not magically gain knowledge when some new people move in nearby). Being near a university doesn't magically beam knowledge into your head.
I mean, if you install a "free" app, the company is going to be making money off of you in some way. Moreover, some of this isn't "spying" at all, it's necessary for the function of the programs. For instance, a weather program needs to know where you are so it can report the weather to you where you are. A program which gives you coupons to nearby businesses is going to need to know where you are to... you know, give you coupons for them. Games like Pokemon GO and similar AR games *rely* on your real world positioning. Moreover, at least on my phone, whenever an app "wants to know my location", it gives me a prompt. If you tell programs that you are okay with your information data being given away, complaining about it is pretty dumb, I think. You should have opted out if you actually care.
First off, humans aren't electrosensitive - they're not biologically capable of electroreception, as they lack the biological structures necessary for it. We've actually tested this because some people [claim to be sensitive to electromagnetic fields](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic_hypersensitivity), but empirical testing has failed to show that humans can detect them. This is simply not a sense humans have. Some animals *are* capable of detecting electric signals - like the duck-billed platypus, and hammerhead sharks, which helps them hunt. But... Brains are complex three-dimensional structures which are insulated from the world by several lawyers of tissue and bone; even if your brain did put out any sort of signal, it would be horribly garbled at any sort of range. Indeed, EEGs - where we stick pads *directly onto people's heads* - are only capable of recognizing brain activity, they're not capable of distinguishing any sort of thought or anything in particular, just an overall level of brain activity. The only way to even look at which parts of the brain are actually activating is via very complicated technology, and even *that* can't actually tell what people are thinking in particular, though it can at least tell us what brain regions are activating. As such, the idea that you telepathy is possible via the detection of electromagnetic fields generated by brains is simply wrong. Humans aren't capable of electroreception, and even if they were, they wouldn't be able to do anything better than tell that some electrical signal was coming from somewhere. And indeed, even *that* probably isn't even possible, as electroreception is mostly done through water; air is a very good insulator, which is why animals with electroreception are mostly aquatic or amphibious. Note that humans *are* capable of mechano-reception, which is why you can feel something like a static charge making your body hair lift up. But you simply could not sense a brain signal in this way, let alone tell what someone was thinking.
I mean, it's possible that the people in the plane radioed back that there was a problem with the aircraft. If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's probably a duck. They probably said it to forestall people claiming it was shot down, which they probably know that it wasn't.
Yeah, it's okay against decks that run counterspells, but it's probably not something you want to run in the maindeck unless you've got enchantment synergies.
All major media corporations are *by definition* major corporations. If they weren't major corporations... they wouldn't be major corporations. It's tautological. If you'd spent a few moments *actually* thinking about it, you would have immediately realized this was so. Your complaint is *completely nonsensical*. And Bernie Sanders is evil. Like, seriously. Dude thinks that Venezula is a great place. He voted against sanctioning Russia for meddling in the 2016 elections. It doesn't take the media to make him look bad, and the people who are pushing for him are the Russians. &gt; People dont do their own research on anything Case in point: you. &gt; i should say that i dont trust any media on earth Because you've been manipulated into believing it is inherently untrustworthy in order to radicalize you. You shouldn't trust anyone completely, but your sources are much worse than the New York Times.
Timmy likes this card. It's pretty bad though.
&gt; Give me the sources Seriously? If you don't know this shit, you don't know anything. You could have googled this in less than a minute. &gt; just on the Russia sanctions Actions speak louder than words. He voted against the Russian sanctions when it counted. Having an excuse is irrelevant. If he actually supported the Russian sanctions, he would have voted for the bill. You don't always get everything you want, and only a small stupid child wouldn't understand that. &gt; Guess what? He ended up being right. Everything he said is logical. Nope. He was wrong. Iran continued to engage in aggressive activities regardless, and Russia has continued to attack us. &gt; See, what you're doing is taking the actions, and removing context for them. No, I'm putting it in context. Only two people voted against the Russian sanctions in the senate. TWO PEOPLE. And Sanders received assistance from the Russians in the 2016 election, and has continued to recieve assistance in 2020. Which is more likely: That he had a good excuse, or that he lied? Now, remember: in a universe where he's accepting Russian aid, *he's always going to lie about it*. And he has no problem with lying to try and benefit himself. He lied [about NAFTA job losses](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/07/bernie-s/sanders-overshoots-nafta-job-losses/) and [lied about the Panamanian Free Trade Agreement.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/09/sanderss-claim-that-panama-free-trade-deal-enabled-more-offshore-tax-scams/) He demonized the TPP. He proposed a constitutional amendment allowing Congress to regulate spending on speech, [which as the ACLU pointed out, would result in the death of freedom of the press.](https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech/campaign-finance-reform/fixing-citizens-united-will-break-constitution?redirect=blog/fixing-citizens-united-will-break-constitution) Indeed, the entire reason why the *Citizens United* decision was made was because the government was trying to do an end-run around the Constitution; "Oh, we're not preventing you from making a movie, we're just preventing you from spending any money on it." That's exactly the same thing, because spending money on it is *necessary* to produce it! It's the same as having to spend money to print books or newspapers. If the government can stop people from spending money on producing media, that's exactly the same as prohibiting them from producing the media in the first place, because it costs money to produce. But no, he lies about it constantly, as he lies about the Citizens United decision. And the Venezula thing is *on his website*. ["These days, the American dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places such as Ecuador, Venezuela and Argentina, where incomes are actually more equal today than they are in the land of Horatio Alger. Who's the banana republic now?"](https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america) This is obviously insane, and is clear evidence of just what a disturbed, dishonest individual he is. People in the US are *vastly* better off than they are in those countries, and our *poor* people have higher income than their *median* income. This is ignoring the rampant crime and human rights abuses in many of those countries, most notably Venezuela, which is a dictatorial hellhole. You are trying to remove things from their *context*. The *context* is that he repeatedly lies, shows allegiance with totalitarians, praises dictatorial regimes (he also praised the USSR back in the 1980s), and opposes freedom of speech. The *context* is that the Russians helped him out in the 2016 elections, and then he voted *against sanctioning them*. No amount of lies is going to cover up for that *context*. What sort of fool would trust anyone who behaved in that way?
Yes, I've seen it. I haven't seen one in a while though, so I think it only shows up for 1-star raids.
Bag of Holding would see a lot more play if [[Teferi, Time Raveller]] wasn't a thing. The card is pretty obnoxious but Teferi hoses it hard.
Those cards are ancient and are not part of the modern color pie. They're also quite terrible.
Bulldozers are tools.
Pot to kettle: you are black.
Because the laws work differently in different countries. [In the US, children too young to sign their own passports are supposed to have their passports signed by their parents.](https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/passports/passport-help/faqs.html#16) You're acting like this is "hur durr dumb TSA" when this is in reality an issue with different countries having different rules for how these things work. Having an explanation on the page is the correct way of doing things, so that if a foreign border agent sees something unusual, they'll have the explanation right in front of them. In fact, this is good for domestic reasons as well, as a lot of people don't know how this stuff works.
The normal ways of getting US citizenship are: 1) Born here. 2) Born to at least one American parent. 3) Apply for citizenship. However, for adopted children, there's a fourth path. If: &gt; At least one parent is a U.S. citizen, either by birth or naturalization. &gt; The child is under 18 years of age; and &gt; The child is lawfully admitted to the United States as a permanent resident and is in the legal and physical custody of the U.S. citizen parent. Then they become a citizen. *However*, what they likely failed to do is get a Certificate of Citizenship for them, to prove that all of this actually happened, which is probably why they had problems - they probably were never entered into the system properly (or, I suppose, their parents weren't Americans).
Targeting yourself with Diabolic Edict is bad, and the restriction on Liliana's Triumph means it can't be redirected back at you by things like Bolt Bend *and* it can hit creatures controlled by a hexproof opponent. Liliana's Triumph is *better* than Diabolic Edict and sees zero constructed play.
I think it was a combination of a lot of things that all happened around the same time. Toonami started in 1997 as well, and it heavily featured anime - Sailor Moon, Dragonball Z, Gundam Wing. That said, I think Nintendo and Square-Enix played a big role in it as well. Japanese games were all over the place, and Final Fantasy VII had an anime aesthetic.
Europe lacks it.
Nah, it was a rare because it was quite bad in limited. It's a lot better in Theros due to the devotion and enchantment themes.
You're *always* in a marketing experiment when you're dealing with any online storefront ever.
&gt; this fills a huge gap in Grixis Grixis has access to Thought Erasure and Duress, as well as countermagic, all of which are a better solution to enchantments than this card is. This card is really bad. Grixis doesn't need bad cards. It needs good cards.
You're engaging in rationalization. From a utlitarian standpoint, it makes no sense to play video games; there are other activites (like drawing or writing) which are enjoyable, challenging, and have a lot more upside potential, both in the short term (real feeling of accomplishment, vs the artificial feeling of accomplishment that video games give) and the long term (as you are developing a useful skill). Indeed, video games have one of the worst average ROIs of any common entertainment activity; they're ahead of only watching TV. Most video games are not very engaging experiences, and are mostly repetition, basically "comfort food". Only a small number of games actually challenge the player in a meaningful way, and most people who play large amounts of video games are mostly playing the bland filler games (open world games, MMORPGs, and the like) rather than the challenging ones. They give you a false feeling of pride and accomplishment by making it seem like you're completing tasks, but the tasks are frequently rote or meaningless.
Everyone is supposed to have the new starter decks to avoid exactly this situation. However, there was a bug where some people who played during the beta for whatever reason didn't get the new starter decks. You should contact customer support and explain the situation to them, because what you're experiencing is a bug.
Not really. Mana screw is something people complain about, but the problem is that it is critical for the game to function.
The priority system in it is the key aspect to the game. How good it is hinges entirely on how well it works.
It's very different from Magic, and is core to the game. Runeterra is about action and reaction; every time you play a card, your opponent gets the chance to play a card. This means that players can constantly escalate, or stop things. It's not like Magic, where you can cast spells whenever.
The hard thing to understand about Magic is that deckbuilding heavily revolves around mitigating the threat of mana screw. Mana screw is like the King in Chess - the piece is one of the worst ones on the board, and having to move around your king is usually a bad thing, but mitigating the threat to it is key to playing chess. You don't want to get mana screwed in Magic. Because Magic is a deckbuilding game, you have *control* over this. You can run more lands, or cards with a lower casting cost. Because spells with lower costs are weaker than more expensive spells, decks that run a lot of low cost spells use different strategies than decks which run higher cost spells. Some decks use other things - like non-land cards that generate mana - to accellerate their curve and play out bigger spells faster, but at the cost of yet further diluting the "gas" in their deck. This also encourages players to play low casting cost cards, because you can always play them - they're highly reliable. The more reliable your deck is at generating lots of mana, the worse cheap spells become - indeed, many slower decks run few to no low casting casting cost spells. Fires decks, for instance, run no cards at all that cost 1 mana, and only four that cost 2, because the deck relies on generating mana and then throwing a bunch of haymaker punches out, repeatedly pummeling the opponent with very powerful cards. By making it so that different decks value different cards differently, you create a lot more deck variety. This is on top of the way that colored mana works - in Magic, cards have different colors, the mana is not generic. You can play any number of colors, up to five, in the same deck, but it has negative ramifications on your deck's consistency. More colors means more versatility, but also more inconsistency, so most decks stick to 2-3 colors. Slower decks generally have an easier time playing more colors than faster ones because it's not the end of the world if they don't have all their colors on turn 2 and they can afford to play slower but more consistent mana producing cards (like the Temples), whereas an aggro deck needs to always play their spells sooner rather than later. Hearthstone doesn't allow for these things, which makes Hearthstone decks far more similar to each other in terms of their curve, and also makes it so that you have to restrict players to a single "color" of card because the mana system doesn't really allow for "multicolor" to be a thing. The fact that it dilutes your draws is also not to be underestimated; drawing a card in Hearthstone means you're always drawing gas, but in Magic, about 40% of the time, you draw mana instead. This also makes card filtering more valuable in Magic than it is in Hearthstone.
This is empirically incorrect.
Less "brought them to the mainstream" and more "brought them to computers". CCGs like Magic, Pokemon, and Yu Gi Oh make disgusting amounts of money in meatspace, and did so decades before Hearthstone. I do think it started a trend of digital CCGs.
You should have read the rest of my comment; if you had, you would have understood. The risk of mana screw is what drives deckbuilding decisions, which is what creates the high variety of decks you see in Magic.
That was a weird, weird comic.
Because dying is cold, and getting into a small, enclosed space normally helps you keep warm.
&gt; At the same time, most despise it and recognize its the single main thing keeping magic back. Actually, no. Everyone who understands the game's design knows that it is the main advantage it has over the competition. &gt; Funny how you can be a filthy netdecker and your deck still be jank somehow. How does that work, is it another supernatural ability, or what? &gt; You explain to me how in a deck with 24 lands it is possible to not draw one in the first 5 consecutive turns. In a 3 land starting hand in a 60 card deck with 24 land cards, your odds of drawing no lands in your first 5 draws are 7%. With a 4-land starting hand, your odds of not drawing an extra land in the first 5 draws are 8.2%. If you were instead running 25 lands, your odds of not drawing your 4th land with a 3-land hand would drop to 5.9%. This is all assuming you're not running any cards that smooth your draws at all; if you have a single card that allows you to filter one card (a Temple or Thought Erasure or something similar), and you always dig for land with them (i.e. put the card on the bottom of the deck if you don't have enough land, which is almost always the correct play if you don't have enough land), the odds drop to 3.2% in a 25 land deck and 3.9% in a 24 land deck on a 3-land hand. Note that all of these odds are assuming correct 60 card decks. I think the real problem is you have rage issues, and you lack perspective.
It's pretty nuts with Fetchlands as well. And the card is just really strong and only costs 2.
This isn't that old. I was on the Internet in the early 1990s, back when you could actually find the end of it. [Here's what a mid 1990s website looked like.](https://www.spacejam.com/)
[The black wind begins to blow...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfCV1bVOiGc)
Fires is the strongest deck in the format, but it is vulnerable to disruption; tempo strategies are good against Fires. You have to beat Fires fast, though, because once Fires gets going, you're doomed, as they just throw out haymakers constantly. The only other option is ramping up to Mass Manipulation and stealing everything, but you need to have enough disruption to prevent Fires from just beating you to death on turn 5.
The US actually has a lower assault rate than the UK does.
Yeah, but if they have those you're screwed anyway. This, at least, gives you a shot.
Such as? We still get tons of Japanese games. I'd actually guess we get more, not less.
Temur Adventures is a thing, it's just pretty uncommon. There's a number of "adventure" decks - Bant, Temur, Golgari, Gruul, ect. - but no one deck makes up a large proportion of the metagame.
Normal people actually don't freak out; that's a sign of mental instability. This isn't very hard to understand if you have a basic grasp on reality; if people freaked out all the time, it would be obviously terrible for their survival. They target the psychologically vulnerable in their indoctrination, you know. It's why indoctrinated people tend to be such losers, regardless of political ideology. You've been manipulated by monstrously evil people. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Remember: socialists killed more people than the Nazis did in the 20th century. They're *even more evil than Nazis*. They'll lie to you and distort the truth, forever and ever. You've been radicalized.
The guy has committed several burglaries as well, according to the article.
They were primitive compared to the Europeans, which is why they're seen as primitive. Primitive is all relative, really.
&gt; lack of regulation Okay, just going to stop you here. There's absolutely no evidence whatsoever that ordinary crops are safe. For all we know, tomatoes could cause cancer. It's never been extensively studied because we simply assume that the food is safe. All plants, however, contain numerous known and suspected carcinogens, albeit in very low quantities. These exist as natural pesticides, among other things, and are present in absolutely everything you eat. If some random food gives you a 5-10% higher chance of cancer, we'd likely never know. And indeed, it's actually known that conventional breeding increases the prevalence of these chemicals much more than making GMOs does, because by crossbreeding different strains you end up mixing the genes that produce these things and thus, often end up with them being at a higher activity level. So GMOs are actually *safer* than other plants in this regard, and in fact, are pretty much the only agricultural product to undergo testing as to whether or not the product itself is safe (as opposed to issues with contamination).
They could resolve it fairly simply, but they don't want to damage the diamond by physically sampling it.
Yeah, but if you asked people what Bonanza was about, most of them wouldn't even know it was a TV show. Star Trek ended up being a legitimate cultural phenomenon. It also ended up inspiring a lot of other sci-fi.
We don't test random new crop varieties for safety. There's no reason to believe that GMOs would be any more dangerous than any other new crop variety. Thus, there's no reason to give special attention to GMOs in this regard. The problem with people with regulation bugaboos is that they forget that regulations cost money and often aren't particularly useful. Regulations need to make sense. It makes no sense to regulate GMOs and not other types of crop.
Even if there *is* an incident, it may still be protected by law. Moreover, it's important for the police to take statements about incidents without video or similar things of the incident being released. The reason for this is that people's memories are fallible and will resculpt themselves according to new inputs, and videos don't capture all aspects of a scene. They want to see if people are going to be honest, and they also want to make sure that things that weren't seen on the video are described accurately. Likewise, someone who wasn't there might see the video and claim to have been an eyewitness and make up a story, something that happens *all the time*, and by the video not being publicly available, it makes it much easier to weed out these people as their statements won't line up with the reality of the situation.
You fundamentally understand neither pyramid schemes nor Elo/MMR systems. Indeed, most MMR systems for video games don't actually require equal gains/losses amongst opposing teams, especially not in early games, where your MMR is often fluctuating wildly match to match as the game tries to put you in the right level. MMR systems have absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with pyramid schemes; the two things are fundamentally different and exist for entirely different purposes. MMR systems exist for the purpose of determining how good (or bad) a player is, and putting them at the appropriate level. As players get better (and sometimes worse) over time, and there is no "absolute" measure of skill, rather they use relative rankings against other players to determine where a player is on the scale. The goal of this is to ensure that players have relatively equal matches, as players tend to have the most fun while playing with people of relatively equal skill - close games are more fun than crushing people repeatedly (which can get boring) or being crushed repeatedly (which can get frustrating). Pyramid schemes are money-making schemes and are a form of fraud. The two have entirely different purposes and functions, and have nothing in common. MMR systems don't require new players to function, while pyramid schemes are entirely contingent on new suckers for their growth. Also, playing games for 8+ hours has nothing to do with video game addiction. WHO is kind of worthless when it comes to such things anyway, but the defintion of "video game addiction" (which isn't actually a thing, FYI) is when playing video games interferes with your ordinary life tasks. A professional player is being paid for playing; playing video games is *work* for them. Playing video games all day for money is not addiction, it's a profession. "Video game addiction" is not a real thing anyway; there *are* people who play too many video games, but playing video games is not the root cause of their problem, but a *symptom*. Their actual problem is mostly poor conscientiousness, which manifests itself in a number of unfortunate ways - obsessive behavior that isn't very useful, but which gives momentary gratification, while disregarding more important things in life. Frequently, taking away one vice from such people doesn't actually fix their problem; I've seen many obsessive video game players instead start obsessing over social media or websites when video games were taken away from them or they temporarily "swore them off", as the real problem was not the video games, but their own lack of self control. Impulse control disorders can manifest themselves in a number of different ways, from drugs to gambling to video games to obsessive use of social media websites. Other people are instead suffering from depression or anxiety, and are using video games as an outlet for that instead - basically, it's a way of hiding away from the world/not interacting with other people/only interacting with people in a "safe space". Some other mental illnesses and personality disorders can also cause seemingly obsessive or compulsive video game playing. The whole idea of "video game addiction" is pretty flawed; it's confusing a symptom with a root cause. Taking video games away from people who obsessively/compulsively play them *can* be useful, but only if you address the underlying problem.
Mass Effect Andromeda came out in 2017 and was terrible. Part of the problem is that they'd have to make decisions about the old trilogy's ending, and thus set in stone what decisions were canon, which would undermine the "decisions matter" thing. They avoided that by having Mass Effect Andromeda take place in another galaxy, and were planning on making follow-up games to that but it was bad so they decided not to. They had also considered making a prequel set during the First Contact War, but decided against that because people wanted to see sequels not prequels.
Anthem was fine other than the horrible bugs. Not amazing, but it was a reasonable game. MEA was boring and tedious even after they fixed all the bugs.
If Bioware was competent, they wouldn't have the problems that they have. Bioware has been having major problems for many years; it just finally caught up to them with ME:A and Anthem. Their process is bad and their staff can't get stuff done without everything being on fire.
Remember: everything you believe is a lie. **Poor people in the US receive government health care coverage via medicaid.** Seriously. This is trivial to Google. [Everyone who knows anything about the US healthcare system knows about this.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicaid) Which of course means you don't know anything about the US healthcare system at all. The idea that "poor people" can't afford healthcare in the US is actually kind of bullshit. The people who mostly get screwed are either people who aren't Americans at all (illegal immigrants, who obviously aren't eligible for US healthcare programs because *they're not supposed to be here*, as well as some legal immigrants who don't get health insurance from their employers) or people who are lower class but not actually poor (and thus, aren't eligible for government assistance), who don't have health insurance, and who live in states that refused to expand medicaid under Obama (and frankly, those people voted for the people who refused to expand it in their state, so many of them obviously don't want it, so fuck 'em). Even then, the idea that people "can't afford" healthcare is actually mostly bullshit. If you have some sort of medical emergency, they treat you regardless of your ability to pay. While people do sometimes die due to not being able to afford healthcare, it's mostly due to failing to seek treatment for chronic conditions due to cost concerns - and honestly, half the time, that's due to people's stupidity anyway in failing to seek assistance (as there are, in fact, a number of programs in the US for dealing with these sorts of issues). Of course, sometimes this is also due to the "fun" nature of mental illnesses as well - someone who feels like they're worthless may not seek out help because they feel like it isn't worth spending any effort on them to begin with. Though failure to seek treatment due to depression is not a problem unique to the US. What you've done, I'm afraid, is guzzle down obvious propaganda. Ever heard of reverse cargo culting? It's where people lie to you and manipulate you by telling you that everywhere *else* is worse off than you are, thus preventing you from asking the hard questions, like "If the US healthcare system is so bad, why is it that more Americans are happy with their healthcare than Brits are?" I mean, the fact that you believed such obvious lies as that poor people don't get health care in the US - when a simple Google search would have immediately revealed that the US does, in fact, have healthcare for low-income Americans, and in fact, a big part of "Obamacare", which *dominated* the American health care discussion for the last *decade*, was about *expanding* coverage of the medicaid system to people *above* the poverty line. You are grossly ignorant of how the US healthcare system functions. Now, ask yourself: Who is it who benefited from lying to you about this?
My dad used to play the old Flight Simulator games. He liked to try and fly planes in-between the World Trade Center towers. We joked that it would be really awkward post 9/11 if his old flight paths were ever seen, as he ended up accidentally crashing into the towers quite a few times.
&gt; The complete lack of Mono R is shocking to me, it feels very strong, even in BO3, and a lot of streamers have high WRs in Mythic with it. Mono-red is honestly not very good. It can win games extremely fast, and punishes slow hands, but it gets buried by a lot of decks' decent hands and is way worse when it goes second. The fires matchup also feels bad in general; you can run under the deck but there's a lot of draws where you literally can't win, and it's not very interactive. My biggest surprise is the lack of Rakdos Knights, as that deck remains quite solid for me. I agree with you on Trawler in Fires; I'd rather run more Cavaliers or Kenriths.
Uh, yeah. That's the point of Teferi. He's a bounce spell. What did you expect? You can shock him if you want to, and then cast a 2 CMC card. Or do it the other way around.
I beat Teferi all the time playing Jeskai Fires and Rakdos Knights. I beat him before using Food decks. I beat him last year all the time with a variety of decks, from RDW to Grixis Control to Gruul midrange. It's not hard to beat him. Also, green, red, and black all have haste. Rankle saw a fair bit of play last season.
Different government.
What, you're surprised that Hitler came up with the term? Hitler employed the Big Lie himself, he was very well acquainted with it. &gt; Big lies are Jewish conspiracies No, they're not. Big Lies are "a lie so "colossal" that no one would believe that someone "could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously"." The Big Lie of Nazism was that the problems of Germany were due to the Jews, just like how the Big Lie of socialism is that rich people are to blame for everyone's problems. In fact, the article itself notes how people apply the term "big lie" to Nazis themselves. Really, in the end, there's not much practical difference between the two ideologies if you're a Jewish banker - both of them blame Jewish bankers for many of their problems, the Nazis simply emphasize the Jewish half while the socialists emphasize the banker half. Indeed, quite a bit of socialist and Nazi propaganda is interchangable if you change a few words, or sometimes, nothing at all, particularly when it comes to "international bankers". It'd be funny if it wasn't so sad. Extremist, totalitarian ideologies which rely on scapegoating are ultimately all very similar in the ways that actually matter. Nazis, socialists, islamists - they might wave different flags, but in the ways that matter, they're not really all that different. And of course, they never accept that their monstrously evil ideologies are to blame for their failures. That's why Bernie Sanders praised Venezuela. Oh, right, you probably didn't recognize it. That quote about how great Venezuela is? How they are closer to the American Dream? [That was from Bernie Sanders.](https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america) [Ever wonder why Russia supported him in the 2016 election?](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/02/17/indictment-russians-also-tried-help-bernie-sanders-jill-stein-presidential-campaigns/348051002/) Ever wonder why he voted against sanctioning Russia? Ever wonder why [he lied about his reasons for his opposition to the Panamanian Free Trade Agreement,](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/09/sanderss-claim-that-panama-free-trade-deal-enabled-more-offshore-tax-scams/) which made it much more difficult for the Russians to launder money into the US via Panama? Putin knows very well that playing one side of the board is foolish when you can play both. Trump, Sanders, and Stein are all his creatures, to one degree or another; they all see themselves as using his support to further their own goals (well, Stein might actually just be a Russian operative, some of the stuff she's pulled is entirely consistent with that) but, well, Putin wouldn't be supporting them if those goals were good for America. &gt; Perhaps it's unfair to consider the EPI an unbiased, reputable source, but by your own harsh standards, the Heritage Foundation is utterly fraudulent! No, they're not. Literally all the numbers in it are sourced. You can look up all the numbers and run them yourself, given that they almost all come from US government agencies, and the rest come from other papers. The fact of the matter is, they're *right* about it. And in fact, that's pretty widely agreed on by economists. Wage stagnation is a myth - and frankly, an obvious myth at that, given that literally every economic indicator shows that people are richer today than they used to be. But you don't even have to rely on them. You can just look at Census housing data. [The size of new houses has gotten bigger and bigger over time.](https://www.census.gov/const/C25Ann/sftotalmedavgsqft.pdf) In 2018, the median size of a new home was [2,435 square feet.](https://www.census.gov/construction/chars/highlights.html) In 1973, it was 1,525 square feet. That's an increase in size of over 50% - over 900 square feet in terms of median square footage. You can look at other Census data as well, and you can see that people just have vastly more and nicer stuff. That's why I presented the thought experiment of the 1970 house and everything in it compared to the 2020 house and everything in it - it's obvious that the 2020 house is vastly more valuable, so obviously, wage stagnation couldn't have possibly occurred, because otherwise the two *would* be equal in value. Wage stagnation is a modern-day Big Lie. Honestly, it's even more blantant than global warming denialism, which is another modern-day Big Lie which requires a vast conspiracy. &gt; You can't expect yourself to be flipping my ideological world on its head when you aren't addressing 80% of my counter-arguments to what I believe to be your patently false statements. Are you familiar with the [Gish Gallop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gish_gallop)? That's where you try and overwhelm the opposition with a very large number of false arguments. But this is also a way of *thinking* - where someone chains together a bunch of thoughts, and thinks that they all support each other. Thus, they can discard any individual argument. But this allows you to disregard *every* argument in turn. The reason why I focused on wage stagnation is not just because it is a singularly false one, it is *obviously* false if you step back and think about it, and it is arguably *the* Big Lie. Pretty much everything you said hinges around the idea that things aren't getting better or are getting worse. The goal of attacking that one was to try and chip away at the one that is most central. Because, if you think about it, pretty much everything else relies on that. For example, "deaths of despair". Your belief in this comes from your belief in the deterioration of society. But it's not. Things are good. People are way better off than they used to be overall. If you're familiar with history, however, you'd recognize a different pattern - a drug epidemic. The opioid epidemic is not a singular event, it's something that has happened before. Usage of drugs rises and falls. Right now, we're in an upswing, in part due to [more relaxed societal attitudes towards drugs](https://www.people-press.org/2014/04/02/section-1-perceptions-of-drug-abuse-views-of-drug-policies/), and in part due to high availability of them. This is the consequence of greater laxity towards drugs - people die, and commit crimes to get money to feed their habit. This creates a backlash over time, and anger about the effects of drugs on communities generally results in a crackdown sooner or later. This isn't the first drug epidemic we've had that resulted in a bunch of corpses. [The crack epidemic of the 1980s and early 1990s](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crack_epidemic_in_the_United_States) resulted in a spike in crime and a large number of corpses, especially in the black community, which had the largest problem with it. They didn't directly die from ODing on crack cocaine, but they destroyed themselves in other ways: &gt; Between 1984 and 1989, the homicide rate for black males aged 14 to 17 more than doubled, and the homicide rate for black males aged 18 to 24 increased nearly as much. During this period, the black community also experienced a 20–100% increase in fetal death rates, low birth-weight babies, weapons arrests, and the number of children in foster care. That's why crack cocaine had harsher penalties for many years. People were livid over the damage it was doing to their communities. They urged the government to act. And the government responded, and cracked down on it, *hard*. Most Redditors are way too young to remember this, but it was *bad*. Things are way better these days; [the homicide rate fell by about 50% from the early 1990s to the present.](https://cdn.mises.org/styles/full_width/s3/homicide_51yr.JPG?itok=_t-CI6j6) Other crimes similarly fell. People just have no understanding or appreciation of how much better things got. And so they're much more willing to buy lies about these being "deaths of despair" rather than something which has happened before in our history, and which will likely happen again the next time we're all like "You know, drugs aren't really that bad, right?"
Furries aren't a kink. Furries are fans of anthropomorphic art, much like anime/manga fans are fans of a certain drawing style. There's porn done in those styles which is consumed by those fans, but it is more of a general side effect of those people liking that stuff in general.
I mean, it makes sense. I've never bought anything because of an ad on Spotify, and I'd have to imagine that only a tiny fraction of people do so. That means ads on Spotify have to be worth almost nothing, as they're almost never going to result in a sale. This is the kind of sad reality of stuff that people don't pay for; ad-supported stuff needs a ridiculous number of views to make any money at all.
Saddam Hussein was responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and was committing genocide against multiple religious/ethnic groups in the country. I get that you are a child with zero comprehension of reality, but no, the US did the right thing. Iraq is vastly better off today than they were under Hussein.
1917 was well before the PRC existed. It's unlikely that the Chinese would have been "hiding" anything at that point, but they might not have noticed it.
The Stanford Prison Experiment was bullshit; the guy running it encouraged people to roleplay. It wasn't an "experiment" at all.
Amending the Constitution requires a 2/3rds majority in the House and Senate and 75% of state legislatures to approve it.
Because it's against the law for people with access to classified information to confirm or deny when classified information is leaked to the public. The existence of the base that the public calls Area 51 was classified at the time, so you couldn't confirm or deny that it existed if you were in the US military. This seems asinine, but it makes sense; otherwise, people would be able to deny false information but would end up being like "I can't confirm or deny" when actual real information is out there. The *actual* asinine part is that there's a lot of information in the public sphere that's still classified, so even though everyone knows that there's a base by Groom Lake, they still have to play that song and dance. The correct thing to have done would be to acknowledge the base exists but nothing about it. IRL, the base was actually used to test a bunch of new jets out in the middle of nowhere, where no one would be able to see them. Nowadays, it's not clear what the base is used for, but according to Bill Clinton, it is not nearly as exciting as you'd hope.
You know, if you're going to make up a historical artifact, you might as well go whole hog. Say you've got [Jesus's foreskin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_Prepuce), or [a standard given to you by fairies.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairy_Flag)
Also, bit of a typo in the title there; it was 60,000 people, not 60,000 tribes.
The stupid thing is, 27.8 was probably correct. Some more recent studies have found that people around a BMI of 27 have the lowest death rate.
&gt; If Russia hadn't sabotaged Hillary Clinton FTFY.
There's literally people in this thread who are arguing that the senate should be abolished.
Americans eat more and walk less than people from most other developed countries. This leads to more obesity. Also, the US has a lot more racial diversity than other developed countries, which disguises our obesity stats a bit, as [obesity varies quite a bit by race](https://ftp.cdc.gov/pub/Health_Statistics/NCHS/NHIS/SHS/2015_SHS_Table_A-15.pdf). For example, in 2015, the black obesity rate in the US was 39.8%. For hispanics, it was 31.8%. For non-hispanic whites, it was 29.7%. For Asians, it was 10.7%. So even within the US, some groups are *much* fatter than others - whites and Hispanics are almost three times fatter than Asians, while blacks are almost four times fatter, putting some groups at higher risk than others (and as usual, black people get the shaft - or I guess in this case, [the luther burger](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luther_Burger)). By comparison, France had an obesity rate of about 21% in 2016. So Asian-Americans were about half as fat as French people were, while white Americans were about 50% fatter and black Americans were almost twice as fat. The Australian obesity rate in 2017 was about 30%, which isn't much different from the white obesity rate in the US. This is probably because the Australians, like Americans, eat a lot of food and drive instead of walk. South Korea, on the other hand, had an obesity rate of only about 5%; Asian-Americans were about twice as fat as Koreans were, and white Americans almost *six times* fatter. Note that all of these figures are for adults.
What's the point of building it? That's kind of the main issue. The SR71 existed for a reason. At this point, however, that reason no longer exists. There might be a faster UAV, but there's no reason to stick a pilot in something like that.
The Spanish Flu had a mortality rate of 10-20%. The normal flu has a mortality rate of perhaps 0.1%. The Spanish Flu had 100-200x the normal fatality rate for influenza.
The Native Americans killed about 20,000 white people. The whites killed about 30,000-50,000 Natives. That's over the course of more than a century of conflict, from the founding of the US to the end of the Indian Wars in 1890. That's not genocide. In genocides, you see extremely lopsided death tolls and kill counts. If the US had wanted to exterminate the Native Americans, it would have been quite easy to do so - heck, just look at the Trail of Tears. They could have easily slaughtered all those people. They did not. And that's because they didn't want to kill them. I know this is hard for you to accept, because you've been brainwashed. But seriously, it's incredibly obvious looking at history that it wasn't a genocidal action. It *was* ethnic cleansing. But their reason for doing it was not because they were monsters like you, but because they saw the Native Americans as being incompatible with the society they were building and didn't like being attacked by them. And frankly, if a neighboring group constantly attacks you for no good reason, trying to steal your stuff and enslave your people, you are, in fact, justified in fighting them and either displacing them or forcibly changing their culture so that they no longer attack you. You seem to be intent on judging people in the past by modern standards, but by modern standards, many Native American tribes were extremely evil. You can't have it both ways. You either apply modern standards to everyone, or to no one. So are you saying that they were bad people? That's not, I think, a terribly useful way to understand history. The correct way of looking at it is through the lens of the time, understanding why and how the people behaved the way that they did, while simultaneously understanding how things have changed.
&gt; Your picking and choosing your sources to suite your narrative. Your is a possessive pronoun. "You're" is the contraction for "you are". And no, I'm not. I'm using sources that actually count bodies. Which are the correct sources to use. &gt; I have previously linked my source The claim for 1.2 million is entirely fabricated and has absolutely no basis in reality whatsoever. It isn't based on any sort of actual counting or numbers, it's literally just made up out of whole cloth. You're butthurt because the reliable sources show massively lower numbers, which completely undermine your beliefs. No amount of desperate flailing will change that fact. And you didn't source your claim for Saddam Hussein killing fewer people. Or did you conveniently "forget" that? Your brain seems to be completely glitched out. You're citing completely irrelevant nonsense. You started shrieking and clawing at your face when I mentioned the mass graves. You claimed that because someone made an exaggerated claim at one point, that all the claims were false. But that's simply not how it works. And indeed, not everyone that Hussein killed was buried in mass graves. Many were not, and this is well-known. You keep on bleating, calling me a sheep, and yet you don't even know the most basic facts about the situation. Seriously. &gt; TBH this is why the rest of the world should be praising Trump. He sucks balls at playing the victim while blowing up other peoples stuff for profit. He has completely broken the illusion that you were ever the good guys. Trump works for Russia, and was installed by Russia. Sorry kiddo. Look dude, I get it: you're a bad guy, so you *desperately* need the US to be on the same level as you are. But we're not.
Yeah. And then he died of diabetes at age 70, after losing the use of one eye and one leg some years earlier. :\
Reclamation decks don't run creatures. UW control runs nothing cheap, and this card can easily go under that deck. Doom Foretold decks don't run creatures. Superfriends decks often run few to no creatures as well. Even fires doesn't run any creatures that cost less than 3, and most of them cost 4+, which is too late against this card, especially on the draw. I don't know that the card will ever see significant play, as it requires a particular meta to be good, but there's definitely possible metas where it could be good. It's not like creatureless control or combo decks or value decks like superfriends don't exist, it's just that R&amp;D usually tries to stop them from taking over the meta these days (and do so successfully). But mono-blue tempo was good just last year, so I wouldn't say that it's impossible for a similar deck to exist, and if so, it could well be interested in that. Right now it is missing a few pieces, though.
Given you can swap in and out Pokemon at will between battles, there's honestly little meaning to the "endurance" on the routes. I'm not really sure how to "fix" it, if it can indeed be fixed given the present mechanics of the game. The leveling system is part of what's responsible for making the game pretty trivial, as you can simply outlevel any opponent, and you probably will if you actually take the time to catch pokemon on the routes. But the AI is very dumb as well, and the gym leaders all also have incomplete teams, so it doesn't even really matter because even if you went 1 for 1 with them, you'd still win with a 6-mon team. The thing is, even the "boss fights" are unchallenging. Having the random trash mobs around that you recruit isn't *necessarily* a bad thing (though maybe it kind of is, given what's the point of them if not to grind for xp?), but there's not much of a sense of payoff.
If Ux aggro was a thing, yeah. I don't think there's really a deck for it at the moment, though.
It's actually not. The RDW turn 3 win is very rare - extremely so - because it requires you to draw exactly the right 9 cards. It's almost impossible to do; I've played close to a thousand games with that deck and never gotten a turn 3 kill. The Winota turn 3 win is just Arboreal Grazer -&gt; Legion Warboss -&gt; Winota, plus four lands. It's much more common. And there are other cards besides Legion Warboss which can lead to the turn 3 win, it's just the best for it. Winning on turn 3 in standard on any sort of regular basis is considered to be problematic, as standard is typically a turn 5 format. Turn 3 is extremely fast, and on the play, your opponent only has two turns to do something. And even if it doesn't outright win on turn 3, it might pretty much do so if it cheats out the right cards, as Deafening Clarion won't kill anything with 4+ toughness.
Teferi isn't a problem.
I think the goal of whatever they cheat out is to shut down the opponent/win the game quickly. Dream Trawler is a powerful closer, but there's lots of big creatures in standard that can actually eat it. Heck, Stonecoil Serpent is seeing play now and is a huge problem for Trawler as it has reach and is immune to Trawler. Teferi can't even bounce it, and Elspeth Conquers Death can't hit it because it has a CMC of 0. The only way to get rid of a Serpent is to use a sweeper, which will kill the Trawler as well. A deck that can control the board wants Dream Trawler, but the Lukka decks often aren't really particularly impressive until they steal all your shit and murder you. I think they'd rather run something that is better at actively taking over the game. I do agree that tutoring and cheating out big powerful cards is broken, but I don't think that Trawler is really going to be the card that breaks Lukka again. It's probably going to be something like Yidaro or End-Raze Forerunners, or something even more obscure, like maybe the Gruul LD Wurm or something. I don't know. It's going to be something that is going to either win really fast or put the opponent in a bad place where they have a hard time coming back.
I'm not blaming him for everything. But I think he does bear a fair bit of the blame. He always kind of deflects on power level issues, but a lot of it does stem from the basic designs of the set. Companion, energy, dredge, Ixalan's tribal stuff - all of that came from vision design and caused issues (Ixalan's tribal stuff was in the other direction, not working very well together and thus messing up limited a bit).
&gt; If this were true, why didn't we see Lukka cheating out different creatures in different decks? Because Agent can steal those, so if you're up against an Agent deck, you're at a disadvantage. Even if those are theoretically "better", you want to win the mirror against the best deck in the format, and Agent does that. Also, just because there's some "best" target doesn't mean that the second best target isn't broken. See also: Aetherworks Marvel.
Teferi is merely a solidly powerful card. He's not in "basically every tier 1 deck". His position in the meta has fluctuated considerably. He's in basically every UWx deck, but not every good deck is UWx, and he's not actually a compelling reason to PLAY UWx. He's basically, if you're a slower UWx deck, you want Teferi, but you don't go into UW just for Teferi. And permission was quite good against fires, Teferi or no; Simic Flash, for instance, was always pretty good against Fires. Simic Flash's problem was always that it was garbage against aggro, as it rapidly became impossible for the deck to win if the opponent built up any sort of significant board presence, and the only real card it had to control the board with was Ambusher. In the aggro matchups, if the opponent could kill Ambusher, you'd pretty much invariably lose, and if you didn't draw Ambusher, you'd pretty much invariably lose. Or at least, that was my experience with the deck.
Because Andrew Jackson was instrumental in the US spreading across the American continent. The result was a powerful United States that was able to spread liberalism and democracy in the 20th century and beat Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan.
My great uncle fell off a building under construction back in the mid 20th century. I forget if it was eight or twelve floors. He landed on his feet, but shattered every bone from his pelvis on down. They didn't think he'd live, let alone walk, but he eventually did both, though he wasn't very good at the latter, and his feet were pretty messed up.
More relevant than ever.
I don't think Ugin is bad. He's a very powerful card. But he costs 8 mana. 8 is a big ask, and unlike some of the other options, he can't come down for less than that. He may well be good enough to see play, but I suspect he's going to play a role similar to Mass Manipulation, unless there's some way to cheat him out (which there is not at present, but we shall see I suppose). 6 mana Ugin has seen some play, but has been a fairly marginal card in standard; big Ugin has more raw power but costs a loot of mana. And yes, you're right, I was indeed thinking of Karn, not Ugin. The modern Tron decks don't run signets or similar mana accelleration.
The violence is being instigated by many groups. All the bad actors are out stirring shit up.
Insulting someone isn't a response.
Lee was a fairly good general; the fact that the Confederacy lasted as long as it did can be attributed in part to him being pretty good at what he did (and having a pretty good eye for talent). That said, he was not the best general in that war - Grant and Sherman were both better than he was. He also recognized at the end of the war that things would be very bad if they continued on the way they had.
Thousand Year Storm was a turn too slow. This is cheaper, but lacks the treasure spells that I wanted to abuse with Thousand Year Storm. It'd be potentially playable at 2RR, and probably way too good at 1RR.
Yes, 60 years after the American revolution.
The Union generals weren't always the best at the start of the war, but it's worth noting that the Union had better logistics and ability to replace people, so dragging things out and bleeding the Confederates to death meant that if the Confederates couldn't do anything significant, they'd eventually lose.
The card isn't very good in standard because no deck would want it. Control decks would rather run a sweeper, aggro decks would rather run something that helps them kill the opponent, midrange would rather run something that's an actual threat. It's an interesting effect, but probably not something anything wants right now. It's a lot more powerful in commander because it can exploit the multiplayer nature of the format.
GRID is this month's big ticket item, and is quite a good game, if you like racing games. Note that this is GRID (2019), which is a pretty recent AAA racing game. Hellblade would be a "reasonable" headliner if it hadn't already been bundled previously.
Man, that frame reminds me of Planar Chaos.
Ah, that would be just cruel.
It's worth remembering that this card wasn't even particularly great in Kami/Rav standard.
Winota decks run Bonecrusher Giant. And will definitely run it with this floating around. It's even synergistic with Winota.
That art makes me think of Lorwyn. EDIT: Oh right, it's literally a card from Shadowmoor. This is a cute sideboard card, especially nasty against combo decks, but I'm not sure if it is maindeckable. Being able to completely shut off one key card can be really nice, which makes this into a form of pseudo-removal, but it can't *actually* get rid of the card in question, so a Dream Trawler will still be drawing cards for your opponent, or a Runaway Steam-Kin can still generate cards. And some cards (most notably Stomp and especially Questing Beast) can negate this effect. On the other hand, casting this naming Rotting Regisaur is just cruel. And it does contribute to devotion, which might be relevant, as the white god is actually decent. Notably, as tokens aren't cards, it cannot protect you from, say, flying sharks. I'm not sure how good this is overall. It is a cool card, though. I will definitely have to test it out.
Experimental Frenzy as well. That said, there's already another Azusa effect in standard from THB and it sees zero play, so I'm skeptical. I'd rather run Beanstalk Giant or Uro than either of those cards.
&gt; First off, this card is incredible in limited. If it isn't the best common in the set something is seriously wrong. Eh. We've had a lot of cantripping common creatures that haven't been the best cards in the set. Cantripping ramp is nice but I'm not sure how good the ramp targets will be here. &gt; Second, this card continues the unfortunate trend of combining ramp and card draw, this time with tribal implications. Yeah, but it costs 3 mana. Ramping and drawing mana is definitely nice, but this is a mana dork, which means that it can be killed with removal or more notably, sweepers, which is very relevant with [[Deafening Clarion]] and [[Stomp]] floating around. Even though it doesn't cost you a card, it can cost you time; most of the time, I think you'd rather run Uro or Beanstalk Giant, as those cards are more reliable in terms of their ramp not getting undone. Not that it is a bad card, mind; it's certainly got some power to it. But I'm not sure if you'd really want to run this over a rampant growth effect unless you've got some means of abusing it being a creature (like [[Leyline of Abundance]], or flickering it with [[Yorion]]). Notably also, it being a creature makes *you* running sweepers significantly worse.
Ah yes, good old Magic Mirror. The turn after you play it: "Haha, I'm going to win, I'm drawing so many cards!" Five turns later: "Oh god, I'm going to lose, I'm drawing so many cards!"
Domri's Ambush can kill planeswalkers, though, and can also kill creatures with deathtouch without killing your own creature. Also, it puts a +1/+1 counter on the creature, which protects from Heartless Act and also is a persistent nuisance. And can also trigger adapt, though most of those cards aren't played anyway.
There's lots of cheap answers to planeswalkers in Standard.
Not really. 3 CMC mana dorks are not very good because your opponent in many matchups casts sweepers on turn 3 or 4. Losing your ramp to Deafening Clarion or Shatter the Sky hurts a lot. And red decks can also just Shock it and then also swing in to beat you up. Generally, you'd rather have Rampant Growth effects at 3. TBH, if Uro wasn't around, everyone would just be playing [[Beanstalk Giant]].
I mean, WAR Ugin has always been a borderline card. It definitely saw some play last year.
Man, we've come a long ways since [[Jayemdae Tome]].
I agree; the fail case on this is far worse than unmoored ego in most cases, and one of the decks you'd most want to use this against (Winota) is a deck that can actually beat you down with creatures.
Quench is pretty necessary for the deck to function, as otherwise you aren't really doing anything of value in the early game to stop the opponent from building up a deadly board and have no way to fight back against Teferi.
See also: the meta? Seriously, Teferi is a tempo card. He's good against permission, but he's also good IN decks with permission, and counterspells have continued to stick around the whole time he has been in standard, with generally 4-6 of the top spells in standard being counterspells at any given time. Weaker players tend to think that Teferi is really strong because they absolutely flip out over rules-making cards. Likewise, there's a certain brand of, shall we say, toxic player who wants to interfere with what other decks are doing but rages out when anyone *dares* interfere with *their* deck's strategy. Teferi is a good card, but while he's a good card in UW decks, he's not a major reason to play UW, at least not in standard. He is, like many such cards, not particularly good against aggro decks (especially ones that run a bunch of creatures with haste), and he israther poor against tapout control decks that don't commit many permanents to the table that he can bounce profitably. He is at his best against decks that run a lot of permission/flash cards (like Flash) and against more midrangey decks that don't run creatures with haste. This is why his meta proportion has varied based on how good slower UW decks are; he doesn't push people into UW, but when UW is good, he's likely to show up a bunch.
Mono-blue tempo died because the decks it preyed on went away and the decks that beat it became prevalent. Mono-blue tempo was great when the top decks were Esper Control, Sultai Midrange, and Nexus Reclamation, but it was garbage against aggro strategies. When those decks stopped being dominant, Mono-Blue Tempo died. It sucked against RDW, and RDW became significantly more popular when people started adopting the proper build of the deck en masse. Indeed, mono-blue tempo was already in decline before War of the Spark even came out for that reason. By the time War of the Spark came out, it was clear that the best deck was RDW, and Esper Hero ended up being #2 and replaced Esper Control, in part because Hero was much less vulnerable to tempo strategies. White weenie and Gruul were also good decks. The meta went from being 50% decks that mono-blue tempo had a great matchup against, and like 20% decks that it sucked against, to being almost the exact opposite. And no, Narset didn't kill Phoenix. Phoenix was never very good in standard in the first place. The deck had always been mediocre; it was a tier 2 or 3 deck when Mono-Blue Tempo was dominant, and it was a tier 2 or 3 deck after War of the Spark came out. Indeed, the deck had a somewhat larger meta share in June 2019 than March 2019.
What "court decision"? There isn't even a case. I mean, seriously. You're listening to some rando on Twitter who is clearly ignorant of reality.
There's a few good games in there, but I already own them all.
Losing a card is bad unless you have some way to abuse the discard. That said, losing a card is not necessarily worse than losing this in play. Discarding another 2-drop to keep this alive is fine, and discarding a land to preserve this is pretty solid. Remember, if they spend mana on killing this, and you discard a card to save it, they spent that mana to make you discard a card. That's generally tempo positive for an aggro deck. This is also scary because if you beat your opponent down to a low life total, a sweeper won't necessarily be able to save them, because you can keep this alive through a sweeper and immediately attack the next turn.
It's entirely possible that he left and she had him declared legally dead because money. Making a big stink over it would raise questions of just why she had him declared legally dead, and whether or not she knew he was still alive the whole time.
This has always been true since people learned how to play Magic well. Removal costs 2-3 and sweepers cost 4-5. Anything that costs more than 3 mana needs to do something before it ETBs, the turn it ETBs, when it dies, or needs to be able to protect itself or come back from the graveyard; otherwise, there's a good chance it will eat removal or a sweeper spell and die without doing anything.
It's not hard to kill this thing, so if they go crazy trying to get it out quickly, they may just leave themselves dead in the water. It's better in Modern, where you have access to [[Lightning Bolt]] and [[Rift Bolt]], which makes casting this on turn 2 plausible.
[[Unbreakable Formation]] is better than this is.
Well, I mean, either it was gonna get banned, and we'd get the cards, or it wasn't, and we'd get to play an insane deck, so we'd need the cards anyway.
They're tinkering with the Historic format in a way they haven't been with other formats. The purpose of suspensions is to temporarily ban a card for a month and see how it shakes out. If it makes the format better, they just make it a ban; if not, or they think the format can handle it, they unsuspend it. So far they've banned all but one of the cards they suspended.
Don't worry, I'm sure they'll be great the next time they print a broken card that lets us cheat out attackers.
&gt; Also, what is even the best deck now? Is it back to Gruul Embercleave? Probably. Or the stupid artifact aggro deck.
By the time of the next event, they will either be banned or unsuspended. Honestly, I expect that we're going to see Winota banned. Hard to say with Fires and Agent of Treachery. Also depends on whether or not Lukka ends up being a problem again, I suspect.
I was thinking about how to make a good four-color commander in the shower the other night, and was like "Hmmm. There are color pairs that share keywords. Hybrid mana cards can share those keywords. You could make a four color commander that cost two mana by having it care about a pair of keywords, rather than having some four mana monstrosity that's a pain to cast and feels awkward." And so, I came up with this card (and a cycle of similar cards). The basic principle behind them all is that they all care about something that a color pair cares about, and then give you some bonus related to the other color pair. This allows them to be played in two, three, or four color decks, and also allows them to function as four color commanders. Here, the basic idea was "Flash and first strike both make sense as ambush abilities". Who ambushes people? Ninjas, clearly. And as an added bonus, this is synergistic with ninjutsu - if you flash out a card, everything gains first strike. After first strike damage is dealt, you can ninjutsu out a ninja to replace a card that just dealt damage, allowing you to "double dip" on damage. Reposted because I forgot the artist credit on the card the first time. Whoops! This time it is there. Art is from [nefar007 on Deviantart.](https://www.deviantart.com/nefar007)
Squirrels should have reach.
[[Kodama's Reach]] was a staple back in the day. This is a really powerful ramp card; the only real question is whether or not you want to play this over Uro and Beanstalk Giant. This is more reliable ramp than those are, but those are win cons that also ramp you.
Core Sets haven't been lower power level since they started printing new cards in them. Honestly, they were only lower power level from like 6th-9th edition (and 6th still had Armageddon and Counterspell). The early sets had lots of powerful cards in them. ABU is behind only Urza block in terms of power level, and Revised Edition still had nonsense like the original dual lands, Sol Ring, Balance, Armageddon, Black Vice, The Rack, Mind Twist, Dark Ritual, and the like, along with some powerful early creatures like Kird Ape and Serendib Efreet, and cut out a lot of the really terrible ABU cards that were totally useless.
They've outright said that the suspension thing is an experiment they're doing with historic because of its digital only nature, and because of the whole "introducing new cards directly into historic" thing.
In modern, T1 Rift Bolt + T2 any other burn spell means this costs R on turn 2. It's not that hard to pull that off, it's basically a two card combo in a burn deck with a good level of redundancy. Outside of that, it probably isn't very good; most of the time, if you're dealing 5+ noncombat damage to the opponent in a turn, you're probably doing well anyway, so it is often win more. I was thinking of things like Cavalcade and Electrostatic Barrier or whatever it is called, but I don't think either of those decks want this.
Burn spells.dec generally isn't very good, though. Standard certainly doesn't have the cards to make it good.
I mean, there's other cards it is strong with as well, most notably Midnight Reaper, Judith, and Mayhem Devil. Going to be interesting seeing how well those decks survive rotation, if they indeed do so at all, seeing as they're keeping the engine but losing the payoff cards.
They don't really print cheap hexproof creatures anymore for a reason.
Yeah, that's a very potent use for it. It's especially good against things like [[Stomp]] and [[Petty Theft]] as they lose the creature as well.
Turn 5 is reasonably reliable but is too slow on the draw against cleave decks (and sometimes will be too slow on the play, depending on your exact ramp route). Also, there's a good chance that by that point, your opponent might actually be able to, you know, do something, and you probably spent three of your turns ramping. Turn 4 requires Grazer -&gt; any 3 CMC ramp -&gt; Nissa (or Growth Spiral + a second 3 CMC ramp) -&gt; Have at least two forests amongst your lands and cast Ugin turn 4 or have yet another land to play. Not completely ridiculous but not necessarily reliable and you're in trouble if your opponent counters/forces a discard on Nissa/can actually kill her as Ugin is probably a dead card for several turns.
Nope. It's kind of hard to complain when I said that it should have been banned last week. I do actually prefer the one-week notice of an incoming ban, though; it's nice to know that something is going on, but also to, say, play that format more if you know a ban is coming soon.
Now when you're feelin' low and the fish won't bite You need a little bit o' soul to put you right Though more seriously, I like this, but I think it also kind of points out how red burn has kind of been hosed by the size creep of creatures. This is a handy bit of removal, but it can't double as burn to the face because there's a big disparity between creature size and what is acceptable to do to a player for 3 mana. It's nice that red is getting a way to deal with gods, though.
I'm disappointed because I like it when they mix up mana bases more. I like having different dual lands around. Plus the temples are bad for aggro decks. I was hoping they'd swing the pendulum back towards faster, more aggressive multicolored decks, and print, say, the fastlands.
I mean, holding up two mana is a real cost, but on the play, it's much less of one. If you curve out on turns 1-3, they pretty much need to sweep you on turn 4 to survive, and you don't really need to deploy more cards anyway. It's also synergistic with running instant-speed burn. One major question I have is whether this is better than running [[Fight as One]], though this protects against a lot more.
I think the problem is the lack of good 2-drops (or not having enough good 1-drops) combined with mana bases. Black has two good 1-drops but no really good 2-drops, and because of the CITP tapped lands, it is awkward to play multicolored aggro decks. Discard is really good but it doesn't really have much to back it up with, and cards like Runaway Steam-Kin, Anax, and Torban pull you towards playing mono-red.
Black's problem is a lack of proactive cards. They have great spot removal and discard, but the lack of good sweepers and the lack of good small creatures is killer. Honestly, it creature base in general isn't exactly great outside of 1 CMC and 3 CMC; I think it has like one good 4-drop (Nightmare Shepherd). It has to run multiple colors, and other colors just offer more, especially as one of the best black cards (Drill Bit) is effectively aggro only.
Kills the white weenies. Adanto Vanguard dies to this, as does the new one that you discard to make indestructible, and it also prevents the white good boy from saving something (like, for instance, Lurrus). If Lurrus + Good Boy is a thing, this card might be desirable, though BB is a big ask and it might be better to run something else (like [[Dead Weight]] or [[Disfigure]]).
Use removal on it. Force them to discard it before they play it. Counter it. Or just swing in against them with Anax with an Embercleave on him. Heck, even green has removal spells now, or Questing Beast, which will kill it as well.
They're very similar, though. And Kiora is also very synergistic with Lotus Field. She's never really been quite good enough for constructed. Sometimes you really go off with her and just flatten people, but a lot of the time, not so much.
A lot of the facial hits are because of this myth, actually. You're not supposed to shoot them at the ground. The ricochets are unpredictable. You're supposed to aim at people's legs/butts.
If I'm so wrong, then why is it that your response is simply to sneer at me, rather than to actually present data?
Floyd's death, like Eric Garner's death, was almost certainly accidental. There's no evidence that the police intended to kill either of them. What happened was that a dangerous way of subduing people had become commonplace, and sooner or later, that was going to result in someone dying. While there is some disregard for human life in there, a lot of it is also simply normalization of more extreme behavior in response to stress plus exposure to awful people on a constant basis. If this has been done hundreds of times, and no one has died, then you're much less likely to take it seriously. Complacency kills. That's not to say that these people didn't break the law - and this was unlike the Garner case in that the person continued to pin them down after they stopped responding, which I think is the really damning part about it. I don't think that they intended to kill him, but I think that they probably showed a reckless disregard for his well-being (though, as always, we still haven't seen the actual confrontation that resulted in the situation).
&gt; So okay, even taking everything you say as true, doesn't it show that the current system is broken? Not really. The overwhelming majority of the US doesn't have these problems. There is no "the system" in this regard. Police departments are all independent entities, and there's a huge number of them in the US. I guess you could argue that the media is broken, because they blow things out of proportion in a desperate search for ratings. What percentage of killings by police would you guess are justified? Because the actual figure is north of 95% according to the Washington Post's study on such. Most of those don't make the national news because they're not news, they're Tuesday. &gt; Wouldn't it be better to break up the duties, and have specialized forces deal with each issue? No. Having police officers do a wide variety of things makes their lives a lot better, and it also improves the quality of policing and lowers the odds of use of excessive force. You don't want people to do nothing but deal with shootings and robberies all day, that's just miserable. &gt; Instead of just hiring more officers, who have to fulfill the role of crime stopping, but also mental health wellness checks, and emergency responders, why don't we divert those funds, and instead for example hire more social workers, who could do the "wellness checks" that police have to do right now (and they are not trained to do). There's a few reasons, but one of the big ones is that the police have Police Powers and so have more ability to actually do things. If someone did commit suicide or was murdered or was kidnapped or something, and that's why they disappeared, sending out a social worker to knock on their door would be inadequate. Moreover, wellness checks are frankly a lot less miserable than a lot of things that the police do. Going over and knocking on someone's door to check if they're okay is more likely to be a positive community interaction, which is good for the community and good for the police. Also, there's often entirely separate organizations that do more routine wellness checks already. You're not going to be able to replace a lot of police officers with social workers doing wellness checks. How many incidents happen per day? What percentage of work are these things? Moreover, responses to some person who is mentally unwell acting out in a violent manner needs a police officer there. Having a social worker there is fine, but having an actual police officer is important in case things need to be dealt with on that level. If someone who is mentally unwell seriously injures or kills someone when the police just sent out a social worker, there would be endless recrimination. "We called the police and they didn't send us the help we needed!" Ect. The main problem in places like Minneapolis is not lack of social workers. &gt; You cited Camden, New Jersey as an example. But they literally fired their entire police force 10 years ago, and made them reapply for their positions, and instituted more training Yeah, but they also almost doubled the size of the police force in the process. &gt; And yeah, it's working, because their duties were redefined into something more manageable. That's something that needs to happen across the entire country. The thing is, most communities *don't* have these problems. They're mostly in high crime communities, like Camden, Minneapolis, St. Louis, Baltimore, ect. The majority of the population does not live in these places. These issues are the exception, not the rule.
You haven't addressed the looting, rioting, and extremely high murder rate in Minnapolis, along with the systematic understaffing of the police department there. *shrugs* You're looking for reasons why you're righteous. But you're just not. There's always going to be problems when the cops deal with large protests across the entire country.
I mean, longer games do fix the issue. It's why limited has a smaller first player advantage than constructed does - games last longer. There are also ways of fixing it with card design, like making more cards that are better on the draw, either directly through a catchup mechanic, or indirectly, by being better if your opponent is ahead on tempo or by punishing people via zugzwang. Tapout control decks are sometimes better on the draw than the play. For example, my Grixis Control from last year had a higher win rate on the draw than on the play, though the deck was only ever tier 2.
This isn't actually true, but the people who complain about the London Mulligan will take any opportunity to whine. If it was true, then we should expect limited decks to see a significant change, as hand quality in limited is much more inconsistent than it is in constructed. Instead, the limited play/draw has remained extremely close - in fact, these formats have been very good in this regard. The issue has to do with what cards are good in constructed. Robber of the Rich is a good example; this card is much better on the play than on the draw. Birth of Melitis is in the same boat - you don't get your 0/4 wall until your third turn, so if you go second, your opponent had three turns to beat on you. Teferi is substantially better on the play than on the draw against decks with permission, and in control decks is somewhat better on the play against aggro as well, because he pushes your opponent back down to 1 creature instead of 2 and gives you more opportunity to dig for a sweeper spell. Fires of Invention is another example - in Cavalier Fires mirrors, being on the play was an enormous advantage because you could go off first, and get to five mana first, which would often let you win the game even though your opponent might have a winning grip themselves, because the decks were more proactive. Arboreal Grazer and Gilded Goose push you ahead on mana on turn 1, which means that you can have 3 mana vs 1 mana on turn 2 if you're on the play, with them catching up only to 2 mana on their next turn, but only 3 mana vs 2 mana if you're on the draw, and they'll immediately catch up on their third turn. So on the play, you've gotten ahead of them, whereas on the draw, you've merely "switched" who was ahead on tempo. Simic Flash in general is just vastly better on the play than the draw, because it plays a lot of expensive countermagic - the opponent often doesn't do anything on the first three turns that's an insurmountable problem, but on the fourth turn, things start going sideways. If Simic Flash is on the play, then having a hand with two Mystics against a lot of slower decks will cause you to win the game, but if they're on the draw, that hand is complete garbage. And of course, if you're playing against Teferi, Flash has huge problems on the draw as if they fail to counter Teferi it's pretty much GG for them. Not that Flash is a good deck, mind, but it is probably the most extreme example, and part of why it sucks so bad is because it is so much better on the play than on the draw. On the play it can feel oppressive, but on the draw, it can feel like a joke.
It sounds like it's not a game, more of a VN type thing.
With a name like dingadongdelish, no one could doubt that you are a straight man who loves the D.
I already put it on my Steam wishlist!
A new [[Dream Leash]], except you can't steal lands with it. Because, you know, people loved Eminent Domain. Given that Dream Leash was a constructed staple back in the day, I'd like to say this will definitely see play, but Dream Leash could steal lands, which was honestly the main purpose of it. It was also legal with [[Icy Manipulator]]. That said, this is nasty, as you steal a creature and gain a creature. If the green 6/6 ends up seeing a lot of play, though, this may not be optimal, as this can't steal creatures with vigilance under normal circumstances. It also can't steal Questing Beast.
Furries are just anthropomorphic animals. Disney's Robin Hood is like, the OG furry movie. Star Fox is all about anthropomorphic animals. And well... I hate to be the one to tell you this, buuut... Weird Sonic fan stuff is a running joke to the point that the [Sonic Boom show itself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtJPUcHgdEQ) made fun of Sonic fanfiction and fanart. [More than once,](https://i.imgur.com/idL2J49.jpg) even. Heck, even [If Google Was a Guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJD1Iwy5lUY&amp;t=1m26s) referenced it.
Yeah, escape cards hose this hard. There's a few decent rogues in standard - Brazen Borrower, Cunning Nightbonder, Robber of the Rich, and Rankle being the most noteworthy, so it's not just dead text that other rogues mill. That said, I'm not sure how many decks want to run more than two of those.
Well, judging by the meteorite in the game's logo, my guess is [the kind where everyone dies horribly at the end of it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9b9aoINXzk) More seriously, it's apparently a LGBT coming of age story judging by its Steam page description. Though given they're all dinosaurs, them all going extinct at the end is definitely in the cards.
The only people who actually care about furries are edgy teenagers. Most people DGAF or actively like anthropomorphic animals - there's a reason why they're so common as mascots and whatnot. Games featuring anthropomorphic animal characters frequently sell well - in fact, a lot of video game mascots, like Sonic and the Star Fox characters, are "furries". Night in the Woods sold hundreds of thousands of copies on PC alone. Anthropomorphic animals appear in many RPGs, including Skyrim, D&amp;D, and numerous other products. Magic: The Gathering contains numerous animal people. People just don't care or actively like them. People generally don't buy things *because* they contain anthropomorphic animals, but they certainly aren't a hinderance.
Also Unbreakable Formation. It's also possible to go UW or BW and get discard or countermagic.
Ah, I see what you're getting at. Yes, that will work, for the same reason that any stifle effect would.
It just turns off all rulesmaking cards, which seems to be the point of it.
One of them is literally a NES game. It runs on a NES emulator.
You download them through the Itch app. It has like, the worst UI ever, just an FYI.
The card is fine.
Gangs exist in the US, you know.
"Tragedy is when I stub my toe. Comedy is when you fall down into an open manhole and die." - Mel Brooks
TBH this is probably a pressure valve card in case escape/other graveyard strategies were prevalent.
I did, just off the top of my head. They could probably be spruced up and made funnier.
Their plan isn't to take "100% of the water until the dam is full". Their plan is to gradually fill it up over 6 years. The Egyptians feel that is too short and want them to do it over a longer period of time, because filling it in six years would cause river levels to drop downriver.
The companion nerf was probably a mistake, honestly, at least as far as standard is concerned. Would have been better to just ban Yorion if they needed to. Not sure if banning fires was a mistake or not, but Cavalier Fires was holding back the ramp decks because aggro could not. Lukka Fires definitely needed to go, though.
I mean, a lot of these mistakes are mistakes they've made previously. Oko and Veil are at least novel mistakes, everything else has basically fallen under "bad ideas are bad".
The super easy sacrificial outlet that gives you resources that can turn into other resources, or the card that you can costlessly reanimate by sacrificing just one of that resource? I'm not sure which is the "broken half", as both are part of an engine. The oven goes with a lot more cards, though (like Claim the Firstborn, and letting you get double sacrifices for Kovold, as well as shafting adventure removal like Stomp), so is arguably the "strong part". OTOH, the fact that it does all those things makes it a more "interesting" card, whereas the cat's sole real purpose is to be endlessly recurred.
Twitter is really bad for political discourse. It's only really good for announcing events and suchlike. It's extremely toxic otherwise. The news shouldn't report on stuff on Twitter.
&gt; PS5 Focused On "Value As Opposed To Price," Sony Boss Says I'm guessing at least [five hundred and ninety-nine U.S. dollars.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJElsNaC6yQ)
To be fair, most of the companions don't see maindeck play at all; they're mostly mildly underpowered for the cost. But yeah, they're not that weak. The problem was the classic WotC problem of "If we add a drawback, it will make this card okay!" [[Lion's Eye Diamond]] is probably the classic example of this. Turns out adding "discard your hand" to [[Black Lotus]] doesn't actually make it a fair card.
Delicious, delicious propaganda. Okay, that's overselling it. Decent and reasonably priced propaganda :V
Because you're a child molester who looks exclusively at Russian propaganda?
There's some very strong cards in the set, but no broken engine cards. [[Ugin, the Spirit Dragon]] [[Grim Tutor]] [[Selfless Savior]] [[Seasoned Hallowblade]] [[Daybreak Charger]] [[Runed Halo]] [[Garruk, Unleashed]] [[Baneslayer Angel]] (mostly a sideboard card unless the meta goes super heavy aggro) [[Elder Gargaroth]](mostly a sideboard card unless the meta goes super heavy aggro) There's a number of other cards that may see play: [[Heroic Intervention]] [[Llanowar Visionary]] [[Primal Might]] [[Alpine Houndmaster]] and associated cards [[Radha, Heart of Keld]] [[Terror of the Peaks]] (likely mostly a sideboard card outside of a very aggro heavy meta) [[Gadrak, the Crown-Scourge]] (probably not in standard, but maybe in other formats, though it depends on how many artifacts get printed that go with it) [[Conspicuous Snoop]] [[Chandra's Pyreling]] [[Bolt Hound]] (maybe, especially if there is a dogs deck) [[Village Rites]] [[Vito, Thorn of the Dusk Rose]] (maybe) [[Silversmote Ghoul]] (going to be broken sooner or later, but maybe not in standard) [[Sanctum of Stone Fangs]] [[Pestilent Haze]] (post-rotation, once Cry of the Carnarium rotates out, unless they print something better) [[Massacre Wurm]] [[Liliana's Standard Bearer]] (probably post rotation) [[Kitesail Freebooter]] [[Kaervek, the Spiteful]] [[Duress]] [[Eliminate]] [[Demonic Embrace]] (maybe) [[Crypt Lurker]] (maybe) [[Archfiend's Vessel]] [[Waker of Waves]] [[Teferi, Master of Time]] [[Sublime Epiphany]] [[Stormwing Entity]] (maybe, maybe not in standard) [[See the Truth]] (maybe) [[Shacklegeist]] [[Sanctum of Calm Waters]] [[Riddleform]] (maybe) [[Rewind]] [[Pursued Whale]] (maybe) [[Miscast]] [[Opt]] [[Jeskai Elder]] [[Ghostly Pilferer]] [[Discontinuity]] [[Speaker of the Heavens]] [[Revitalize]] [[Pack Leader]] (maybe, depends on how many other good dogs they end up printing in the future; there's probably not quite enough to make dog aggro work right now) [[Mangara, the Diplomat]] (in commander) [[Idol of Endurance]] [[Griffin Aerie]] [[Basri's Lieutenant]] [[Basri Ket]] [[Angelic Ascension]] (maybe) The maybes are the cards I'm less optimistic about, but I wouldn't be surprised to see any of those cards see play, and I'm pretty sure that Revitalize will, at the very least, as it has historically.
It's not a dumb question. It's because WotC just does that sometimes. It's kind of sucky, but it is what it is.
2016 and 2005 also had a lot happen in them.
Jumpstart is basically intended as an introductory draft/limited product. Instead of drafting individual cards, you take two packs of 20 cards each and shuffle them together. Each pack has some theme - Garruk, Doctor, Dogs, Goblins, ect. It sounds like there's two different limited environments - in one of them, you get to draft three packs (basically, you get a choice of one of three packs, you pick one, pass the other two, then get a pick of two packs, then whatever last pack you're passed) and in the other one, you get four packs, make two different 40 card decks, and then a best of three, playing game 1 with one deck, game 2 with the other, and then game 3 (if required) with your choice of your two decks. They're tied to M21, because they made a lot of cards for Jumpstart in M21.
I assume some sort of limited format, but I'm not sure if it has been confirmed. I'd be shocked if there wasn't, though, as it is designed for limited.
You didn't actually address any of the reasons he asked about, though. The question is a legitimate one. Are there racial differences in adherence to things like mask wearing, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and washing hands? As far as I can tell, it has never been studied. It seems like it'd be worth looking into. If black people do indeed have lower rates of adherence to coronavirus safety guidelines, we could potentially correct that with targeted campaigns within their communities. [The fact that people got super upset in early May after 35 of 40 people who were nailed for social distancing guideline variations were black in NYC](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/07/nyregion/nypd-social-distancing-race-coronavirus.html) could well indicate that there are indeed differences, but it's hard to know for sure without a proper study on the matter. Lower levels of education might also be associated with lower levels of compliance, and the black population does tend to be less educated on average, which would look like a racial disparity despite not being caused by race *per se*. AFAIK that has never been studied, either.
Local administrations fall under the purview of the states. Same reason why the 14th Amendment applies to municipalities. However, businesses and corporations can indeed create their own "money", which is why a lot of "state banks" in the past that printed their own money weren't actually part of the state.
It was in Modern decks last summer, before Hogaak was banned.
Nope! This is a flat-out lie, I'm afraid. You should probably recognize that the people who told you this are, I'm afraid, horrible, evil people. Monsanto has never, ever done this even once. The person who claimed that this happened dumped roundup on their own field. You would never do this unless the crop was roundup ready. It had nothing to do with cross-pollination; that was just a lie they told to the media. The actual case was quite cut and dried.
This is something of a myth. While there was definitely some terrorism, black land ownership in the South actually peaked in the early 1900s, and the reason why it markedly declined was because of an economic recession. Indeed, most small farmers ended up disappearing over time because of various financial difficulties and advancements in technology and scale. Today only about 2% of the population works in agriculture.
&gt; With all that out of the way, your claim that "Given that one of the goals of prison is to get them to not reoffend," is laughable when examining the U.S. prison system and the recidivism rates in the U.S. legal system. Norway has some good ideas about rehabilitative prisons. This is mostly propaganda, I'm afraid. Norway's 20% recidivism figure is for reconviction within two years. That sounds better than the US rate of 32% over the same time span, but after adjusting for demographic differences, the difference is actually only 6-8 percentage points, rather than 12. Moreover, the reconviction rate is based on whether or not the police actually catch someone committing a crime. Are police in Norway just as likely to catch and charge criminals as police in the US are? That's kind of hard to tell to tell, because Norway and the US don't count their clearance rates in the same way. Worse still: &gt; "Informal interviews with employees from the Norwegian police also show that, in practice, reports are sometimes not registered if the police consider that they do not have the necessary resources to investigate the offence, or if they consider the offence to be impossible to clear" This greatly artificially inflates the clearance rate while simultaneously artificially lowering the crime reporting rate. In Oslo, for instance, [only about 0.8% of petty thefts are actually resolved by the police.](https://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/i/E70PA/oslo-har-like-mange-lommetyverier-som-berlin) And the rate in Oslo is apparently quite high; that article suggests about as many occur in Oslo as Berlin, despite Berlin having seven times the population. And given that many crimes aren't even recorded... As [this Swedish report indicates,](https://www.bra.se/download/18.366ea42214d6cb5d9d4635ad/1433939412790/2015_The+clearance+rate+in+Sweden+and+other+countries.pdf) Norway's significantly lower crime rate than Sweden is probably mostly because of this underrecording of crime. As also noted by that Swedish report: &gt; "Incidents of violence in public places, which the Swedish police are required to register as criminal offences, are in Norway usually regarded as minor disturbances and not crimes, and are therefore not registered" It's very easy to seem like you have little crime and a low recidivism rate if you simply pretend a lot of crime doesn't happen. This is a problem across a lot of Europe; many European countries downplay crime levels to make themselves seem safer. The idea that Norway is super awesome at reforming people is pretty questionable; the overall difference is not huge to begin with and given the way that Norway downplays crime it's possible they're actually somewhat worse at it than the US is and simply rearrest fewer people because they fail to arrest a lot of criminals. &gt; Why do you think I am Russian? Because you're repeating a lot of Russian propaganda. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics
The problem with the argument that the electoral college was a pro-slavery thing is that a lot of the people who were in favor of the electoral college and opposed to the popular vote were Northerners. They thought that a majority vote would create problems and corruption or just be overly radical and lead to bad politics and political parties. Indeed, the largest effect it had was making smaller states have more clout in the presidential elections. Connecticut, New Jersey, and Maryland were major proponents of the way that the system ended up, as they wanted to have more say and not be completely run over by the larger states..
[[Blood Rites]], clearly. Or [[Painwracker Oni]] if you want to stay in black.
Azban decks were really strong and the format was heavily based around creatures that couldn't kill it. It also was big enough that the red aggro decks couldn't burn it out with a single card, AND it gave them some life to keep on surviving. It wouldn't be as good in the present day format because Azban isn't a particularly great color combination at the moment, because there's a lot of decks that run sweepers, red decks have multiple ways to go over it, and it doesn't line up as well against the creature-based threats.
The main thing people are getting butthurt over is &gt;!Joel dying!&lt;. It's MGS2 all over again.
Yeah, that's why some of them are such awful people - they claim everyone else is a bigot, so they are entitled to punch anyone in the face. It's basically just a means of trying to internally justify awful behavior.
Thanks for admitting I was right about everything by not responding to any of my points and simply insulting me in a fit of rage! You really must look up to Trump, given that you act exactly like him. If you don't, then maybe you should consider why it is that your behavior is indistinguishable from his, down to talking about things you don't understand.
Spree killings aren't important because there's no political ideology behind them, it's just people acting out. Klebold and Harris didn't shoot up Columbine based on some greater ideal, they did it because they were angry pieces of shit who didn't care about other people. There's no greater scope or meaning to them, and each of them is self-contained. There's no meaningful relationship between these people, beyond that they are all people who go berserk and start murdering people. 9/11 was important because it was a terrorist act that killed thousands of people and caused billions of dollars in damage, and the terrorist group was being sheltered by a foreign state. It was not a self-contained act, but part of a decade-long campaign of terrorist activities.
Global warming was public knowledge. Claiming there was some sort of nefarious intent is simply false. Most of the emissions come from people buying their products and setting it on fire. The reality is that they were supplying the needs of the public, and they saved billions of lives in doing so, and lifted billions of people out of poverty. Sorry, kiddo. Everyone knew that burning stuff could lead to global warming. If you didn't, it was because you weren't paying attention to the science. Everyone continued to use cars and electricity and whatnot. It's a cost-benefit situation. The costs were extremely small and the benefits extremely large. &gt; It's O.K. that we've tipped the climate over the edge This is pure pseudoscience, I'm afraid. The whole "tipping point" thing has no real basis in fact, it's something that was made up to agitate people. There's little evidence that climate change is irreversible or that there is any single "tipping point". &gt; You deserve to live on a planet that is sliding into unhabitability Here's the problem: you've swallowed a lie. The reason why you're freaking out so much is because you believe this lie. The truth is that the planet is not "sliding into uninhabitability". Global warming will not make the planet uninhabitable. The people who claim this are doing a thing known as "lying". There is absolutely no scientific basis in fact whatsoever for these assertions. Indeed, global warming will actually increase the total amount of arable land globally by making the boreal regions more hospitable to farming. The Earth has been significantly warmer in the past than it has now, and life was flourishing during those times. The problem of global warming is not one of planetary habitability, it's of mass inconvenience. &gt; What THE FUCK are you going to do when everywhere below Detroit is too hot to live or grow crops? The person who told you this was, again, doing this thing called "lying". The equatorial regions will see less warming than the polar regions. Moreover, people can - and do - grow crops in tropical climates, and indeed, live in such regions. Heck, people live in Kuwait, which is far, far hotter than global warming is going to make almost anywhere that is not already extremely hot be. In hothouse Earth times, wild animals lived in equatorial regioins. They were not uninhabitable, nor were they hostile to plant life. Some areas may see increased desertification, but other areas will see increased rainfall - and in fact, global precipitation is actually going to increase under global warming due to greater evaporation due to higher temperatures. That's not to say that global warming won't cause problems, but the idea that everywhere south of Detroit will become uninhabitable is something that has absolutely no basis in science whatsoever, it's something that some deeply unhinged, mentally unstable individuals claimed with no basis in fact whatsoever. It's best to realize that these people are the same people who claimed that everyone was going to starve to death in the 1970s and 1980s due to food shortages. They're people who believe THE END IS NEAR, and they have always existed throughout history, and have always clung to random ideas about how something is going to KILL US ALL.
Congrats!
Which is where the term plumbing comes from - plumbum is the latin word for lead, hence its elemental symbol, Pb.
Experts agree that they're not concentration camps. There are experts who claim that global warming isn't real. Just like there are some "experts" who claim that the US has concentration camps. Pro tip: being an "expert" doesn't mean you're not a crazy moron. Especially outside of the hard sciences.
&gt; Have you considered the possibility that the reason you can afford so few threats and require so many answers is because the threats are that much more impactful/resilient and the answers that much less effective against them? The reason why is that Temur Reclamation is actually a control deck with a combo kill. Indeed, the reason why control decks exist and take control of the game is because answers are better than threats in the long run. Control decks simply take that to it's logical extreme. &gt; For example, how many ways in standard can you make Uro not at worst a 2 for 1 when your opponent casts it? Uro is a 1 for 1 when initially cast. It is a 3 for 1 out of the graveyard, as you draw a card, get Uro, and it didn't cost you a card (though in standard, needing to exile five cards from your graveyard is a very significant drawback). As for how many ways - uh, it can be exiled with Agonizing Memories from the hand, it can be exiled from the graveyard via a number of cards, it can be kept in the graveyard by Kuronous or Grafdigger's Cage, and it can be answered with answers that are inherent 2-for-1s themselves - which, because you generally can't cast it until fairly late, are very affordable by that point. There's also [[Ashiok's Erasure]], which will prevent your opponent from ever casting it again by exiling it and preventing them from casting other cards with the same name. There's probably some other ways as well I'm forgetting. &gt; And then there's Hydroid Krasis who screws you regardless. Hydroid Krasis costs at least 6 mana to be a very good card, there are ways of shutting it off (discard, Whirlwind denial, Narset).
It's probably somewhere in the high hundreds to the low thousand bucks for a game like Magic, save for the stuff which is on like, boxes and packs and such. I'd guess probably around $1-2k per piece.
Not blocking something isn't the same as clearing something. It's very different. Clearing something is done by a process which was not properly gone through. The judge rejected the *administration's* attempt to prevent the book from being spread. Clearing implies authorization, which is not what the judge did. The judge blocked the Trump administration from taking a specific action against Bolton and his publishers. It's not a semantic difference, it's a huge difference. The book being published this way may still be unlawful and possibly even illegal, but the judge didn't believe that the Trump administration had the right to block it. Other action may still be taken against Bolton. &gt; The reporter was not allowed to ask their question. We know what the reporter asked. They were not censored. If you ask people questions they're not allowed to answer, repeatedly, you're going to get cut off. I know some jackasses think that they're entitled to be jackasses, but it's not censorship to say that other people with actual pertinent questions that they can actually answer should be allowed to ask questions.
I mean, a lot of those cards are just flat-out broken. The two reanimation cards are just grossly overpowered, no reason to put cards that would need to be banned in historic.
God, I remember being really hyped for that show for some reason, and now I barely remember it.
We just have to flatten Russia and China. Or regime change them. A lot of the problems flow from there.
You just gotta be like the US. When we go bankrupt, the entire global economy will collapse!
Infinite loops have existed for a long time. This is a three card combo that draws the game; not exactly a huge problem, given that there's three card combos that will win the game.
It really depends on how well the decks that would want this effect can exploit the copying effect profitably. The problem is that a lot of decks that run cards like this don't run a lot of creatures, and if they do have a creature out, and can protect it with a 6 mana counterspell, they're already in a won position anyway. If you don't have a creature out, this is usually counter + bounce + draw a card, which isn't bad, but it's fairly costed at 6. Casualties of War, if it hits three things, is a larger tempo bonus. It's also worth noting that copying Hydroid Krasis with this doesn't work. Well, it does, I guess, but the copy will immediately die.
I can't find any source for this supposed "study". The article doesn't cite something, which makes me suspicious that it is made up.
I think it's made up, seeing as I can't find any primary references.
Yeah, I don't have a capped connection. I'm also not with a major ISP.
Black isn't a funny enough punchline to the joke as it doesn't do enough to subvert expectations. Free subverts expectations, and therefore is funny. But you can make funny jokes about anything. For example: --- Young people nowadays moan about having to work long hours for a pittance, but they don’t know the half of it. When I worked in a munitions factory in the early 1940s, I put in 18 hours every day and got paid nothing, and I never complained once. If I had, the Germans would have shot me. --- That's a Holocaust joke AND a slavery joke, all wrapped up into one! Dark humor is all about crossing the line twice, and you can make funny jokes about any subject. Some people disagree, but you know what they say: Dark humor is like food; not everyone gets it.
Most drafts have 5 of at least one common in them. The unlikely part is it being any particular common. I had a sealed today where I got two [[Pack Leader]] and two [[Fabled Passage]] in the same pool.
Is there any evidence whatsoever that the death of George Floyd had anything whatsoever to do with racial animus? Because I have seen zero evidence of such, despite repeatedly asking people for evidence of this. The entire idea of modern-day systemic racism resulting in the mass killing of black people by police is simply not supported by the data. Studies show that [white cops are no more likely to shoot minority suspects than black cops,](https://www.npr.org/2019/07/26/745731839/new-study-says-white-police-officers-are-not-more-likely-to-shoot-minority-suspe) and that [there's no difference in the use of lethal force between black and white suspects under the same circumstances, and only a marginal difference for use of non-lethal force.](https://www.nber.org/papers/w22399.pdf) So yeah. The problem is that you're looking for examples to justify what you want to be true, rather than stepping back and analyzing the evidence as a whole. The evidence does not support your claims.
Attacking cards instead of life is not a bad trade-off. And removal that works on both planeswalkers and creatures is much more likely to be played.
4-6 of the top 50 cards in standard have been counterspells for most of the time he's been in standard. Those are the only spells he really shuts down, as no one really runs misdirect effects anyway.
I think you want to do this in a different order, as double strike is the strongest of these abilities, unless it needs to be exactly two creatures to get double strike.
New games for the SNES mostly cost $50-60, about the same as they do today.
Thing is, if Uro becomes "bad", they can always just run Beanstalk Giant instead.
Winota is an interesting choice there. I've been tinkering around with something similar, I hadn't thought about running Winota. The one I was running has Fight as One as the "lol you thought your sweeper was going to stop me?" spell on top of Selfless Savior and Seasoned Hallowblade. Alpine Houndmaster is a beating. Igneous Cur and Alpine Watchdog are both bad, but they're a lot better when they don't cost cards.
The government can force people to sell their land at market prices for public purposes. This is a power that exists in every country because it's necessary for the construction of many public works - roads and other forms of mass transit otherwise could be held hostage by a single stakeholder, or people could deliberately buy up land to interfere with such projects. All sorts of infrastructure projects, from interstate highways to the construction of government facilities, rely on eminent domain. Likewise, urban redevelopment projects may rely on eminent domain, such as to eliminate slums and blighted buildings.
