I mean.. its still a waterfall. Lots of dirty water from a flash flood.
Did the 90s start in 91 and go into 2000? or start in 90 and end in 99?
8th highest in Europe, 32nd wordwide. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_suicide_rate#List_by_the_World_Health_Organization_(2016)
know where theres no dust? underwater!
Isn't it episodic? so that could just be "episode 1"
Without kids or heavy nostalgia, or Christmas movies? Not really besides Marvel and Star wars movies. Marvel TV show stuff is almost a year away. I'm watching stuff with my kids (DuckTales, chip n Dale, tale spin) and wife's watching high school musical and goofy movie
No one taking about how IQ scores already take your age into account? If an older person filled it out, it would automatically be a lower score, younger =higher.
Why no Yoda? My friends dad was a prop maker (good friends w/ savage) and made the OG one for a book in the 70s, and it kinda became canon and was invited to the set of episode II, modeling the cgi off his OG prop.
Synthetic fireproof grass?
#Use a warning track people! Like in the outfield of a baseball park, it switches to dirt before the wall to warn the outfielder put a yoga mat down, or something that they can tell they're getting to close to the TV.
giving it to russia of course, they made out on this deal and now supply soy to China https://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-exploits-u-s-china-trade-tensions-to-sell-more-soybeans-11550745001
And then use socialism/welfare to redistribute our tax dollars to his supporters who are kinda now unemployed... Hypocrisy
The video, because somehow i missed it. https://boingboing.net/2020/01/01/pope-delivers-a-literal-slap-o.html
Well Technically that part was inconclusive in the Mueller report. It was the Obstruction of Justice **Into** the collusion that he was Guilty AF. &gt;The first volume details numerous efforts emanating from Russia to influence the election ... our conclusion that there was insufficient evidence to charge a broader conspiracy. &gt;And in a second volume, the report describes the results and analysis of our obstruction of justice investigation involving the president. &gt;Charging the president with a crime was, therefore, not an option we could consider &gt;if we had had confidence that the President clearly did not commit a crime, we would have said so.
Haha what about "From the studio that brought you ..." Pixar/Disney/Dreamworks does this a lot. I love some of the gags like: * Deadpool 2 was advertised as being "From the studio that killed Wolverine." * Top Secret! is "From the makers of the original Airplane!", followed by a footnote stating "(Not the Wright Brothers)". The tagline poster for Mama says that it's "Presented by Guillermo del Toro, Creator of Pan's Labyrinth". What they mean by that is that del Toro is only the Executive Producer. Battleship was proudly declared as coming "From Hasbro, the company that brought you Transformers", despite both films actually being made by separate studios. Coraline was promoted as "From the director of The Nightmare Before Christmas", leading many people believe that the movie is by Tim Burton. Actually, it's Henry Selick who directed both movies, and Burton was only the producer of The Nightmare Before Christmas and had no involvement in Coraline.
Or a little east of that is Bake Oven Knob. Start there for the view and lunch and keep hiking east to the next AT intersection (they're all about 10 miles between em). Little further east on the AT from that goes over the Lehigh Valley tunnel and is a great view (but go West to East... the road intersection is at the bottom of a steep climb... terrible way to start)
Have you tried them in a pressure cooker to compare to sous vide? seems easier if its the same result? I still use the 4oz mazon jars, sous vide: 25g cottage cheese 25g heavy cream 1 egg, salt 172° 50 minutes (then nuke for 30 sec to reheat) Dozen eggs in 6 4oz jars. If adding Cheese/Bacon (which you should) it makes more. You can use 2oz jars... but wife eats too many.
Yeah isn't also illegal to kill young deer? or perhaps it was another animal not in season? How do you shoot a gun at something w/o knowing what it is?
Then you shouldn't go hunting... or carry a gun if you shoot anything that moves when you're scared.
Side note, they're never doing hard copy again, right?
Correct, only two Costco's as well
Or perhaps had Intel, knowing of the attack. Did nothing to stop it because it's just what they wanted. Would explain all the Pentagon resignations the previous week
Or even EU allies
Sunshine?
Science to back it up: https://imgur.com/a/wN6PH
Pro tip: Fill trash bag w/ helium.
The stick will rest in the entire middle line loosely.... You often slap it back and forth to confirm its out of gear/in neutral at this line.
[Compare to a real one.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/FIAT_500L_gear_shift.jpg/220px-FIAT_500L_gear_shift.jpg) Count the numbers
If you have every service its great... but i only know 1 person who does that.... This is why i ditched the firestick for roku. Really annoying when kids want to keep watching Dora... and its only season 1, but they can see all 9 seasons or whatever.
1: put them on ice 2: Give them to the people helping you move.
Same way you remove a mustache!
some of his properties would be doing him a favor, since a lot are shell companies for money laundering. Only the ones trump vacations at are 'real'.
They all have enough money to send their mistresses to get one regardless of law, so its no bother to them
forget superman/DC he should do another guy ritchie film. [Man from U.N.C.L.E. was amazing](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1638355/) he was like real life Archer
That's also the name of dwights blog "the beet scoop"
&gt; straw man argument. Thats not a straw man argument. Your responding directly to OP... If i changed the subject and started defending something else, that would be building up a straw man.
To clarify... Theres often 2 different answers to this question (*EDIT* of "what is the last hand drawn Disney full length feature"). Winnie the pooh was hand drawn, but w/ the aid of computers and digital affects. the last entirely hand drawn cell animation (no computer help) from disney was Oliver and Company (1988). After that, (89-2004) they used a CAPS system to ink and paint and some scenes were made entirely inside the computer (w/ "hand drawn" pieces fed into them)
ya think? PSA people in this thread... She's clearly to drunk to take to bed. get her to bed and buy her a coffee in the morning if you think shes attractive. but in this case, she's also got issues.
Crayola Experience in Easton has a great indoor mini jungle gym for ~2 year olds along w/ other interactive stuff, and plenty of arts and crafts. Davinci Science Center also has enough to keep a 2 year old busy Lehigh Valley Zoo is great for 2 year olds when it gets a bit warmer Explore all the playgrounds. Cedar beach is one of the best in allentown. Hellertown just got a new one thats awesome. Indoor montesorri style play space: https://bloomplayspace.com/ Theres farms to visit when it gets warmer
I was an independent. Officially switching to "Not Republican" &amp;nbsp; Bernie Sanders is the longest serving independent congress person. I would like to point out, that the president is **not** supposed to be a dictator. So even if you don't agree w/ all of his plans, i believe Bernie will still stick to the democratic method... if it has public support, then he will do everything he can to get it passed (like his history has shown these points to be true) so i am all in for Bernie in this primary.
&gt; the last entirely hand drawn cell animation (no computer help) **from disney** I did, but added it again anyway
[DnD has "bloodied"](https://dnd4.fandom.com/wiki/Bloodied) when HP is at half or less. That can trigger certain things, or affect things. but announcing it also lets others know they're at least half way through. Could implement like that. when hp is at least half gone, give a narrative that shows.
No? Enlighten me. &gt; from 1950 to 1979, an estimated 800,000 to 850,000 Americans had visited or lived in Iran, and had often expressed their admiration for the Iranian people.[[7]](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93United_States_relations#cite_note-ABC-CLIO-7) &gt;**Prime Minister Mossadeq and his overthrow** &gt;In 1953, the government of prime minister [Mohammed Mossadeq](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammed_Mossadeq) was overthrown in a coup organized by the governments of the U.S. and the UK. Many Iranians argue that the coup and the subsequent U.S. support for the shah proved largely responsible for the shah's arbitrary rule, which led to the "deeply anti-American character" of the [1979 revolution](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_Revolution).[[29]](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93United_States_relations#cite_note-29) &amp; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsibility_for_the_September_11_attacks#Saudi_Arabia We got bin laden, but let his family go, let Rich Saudi off the hook who paid for it, and invaded Iraq for no reason.
You seem to be stalling.... Just tell me? I'm so eager to learn. &gt;An author, administrator, lawyer and prominent parliamentarian, his administration introduced a range of social and political measures such as social security, land reforms and higher taxes including the introduction of taxation of the rent on land. His government's most significant policy, however, was the [nationalization](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nationalization) of the Iranian oil industry, which had been built by the British on Persian lands since 1913 through the [Anglo-Persian Oil Company](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglo-Persian_Oil_Company) (APOC/AIOC) (later British Petroleum and [BP](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/BP)).[[6]](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammad_Mosaddegh#cite_note-8) &gt;Many Iranians regard Mosaddegh as the leading champion of [secular](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secular) democracy &gt;The British government had grown increasingly distressed over Mosaddegh's policies and were especially bitter over the loss of their control of the Iranian oil industry. I mean that's all in the links I provided, but still not seeing it..... Got any links?
[Look again](https://i.redd.it/clg6ytllnd941.png), it's not big media, usually blogs or small news start ups that make it here. [It's weird](https://i.redd.it/234jv1993u841.jpg) Then check out the bernieblindness subreddit. Literally has cbs showing Bennie in 4th, using months old poll data when they had just did a poll that week.
... still can't see it? Did you paste the wrong info? It's just how they took their oil fields back from the U.K. I thought we were talking about why the U.S. messed with them. But even if you maybe get these confused, you couldn't possibly think oil is reason to 'fuck them up'?
You do know The British empire was kicked out of America by our founding fathers... And we kept the infrastructure and resources... Even though they paid for setting it all up. How's that different? And still doesn't explain what US had to do with it UKs oil
What crime? It's their land, uk got free oil while it lasted. Then they got kicked out, and then US jumps in and fucks things up for 70 years
How did they get it that hot back then?
I am a programmer/Comp Sci degree and this was my exact 1st programming HW for my 1st programming class (into to programming with VB6) 20 years ago in high school. great teacher.
&gt;"Jehovah" Wait, it's a name? The "latinization" of Hebrew YHWH. Just Like Yeshua = Jesus (but if we went Hebrew-&gt;English it would be like "Joshua") &gt; I've heard people claim Islam is just confused Christianity and that calling Christian god "Allah" is valid, but that one is definitely wrong. No that's accurate. SUPER short recap: Canaanites had many gods. Get Sacked. Remaining members are now homeless and think they should have worshiped their war god more. They are now Jewish people and reorganized their gods a bit, kinda combine their war god w/ their king god. Torah (first 5 books of old testament) still mention many gods, or the other gods, as they transition. Their God-God is YHWH (pronunciation lost, best guess is "Yahweh", not supposed to write it down, destroy it, speak it, and then we're trying to translate it to English). (this is why Hanukkah has multiple spellings, we know how its pronounced in Hebrew and try to spell it w/ our letters) They predict a savior. Jesus comes along (or people say he did) saying he is that savior... jews don't agree. But his followers (Christians) have the same god now. Muhammad comes along and says Jesus wasn't THE savior.. Just a prophet of the true god (Like Moses/Abraham/David). Mohammad is also a prophet (and there will no more prophets after me) and adds more religion for Jewish and now Christians to ignore. They worship the same god (allah means God), and even Jesus (but not as son of god) (So Muslims and christians are maybe closer then christians and jews) When Muslims pray to Mecca, its Abraham's house. Abraham had 2 sons and jews/muslims claim lineage to different ones. Then there's Mormons.... src: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahweh https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jehovah
So to recap... You think Bin Laden funded 9/11 (factually wrong) You think Irans new leadership canceling a contract with **British** Patroleum early, is a good enough reason for the **US** to stage a coup in their country 70 years ago (and then continue to fuck w/ their country for generations, constantly making it worse) Now thats an opinion. which i think is wrong, and history seems to also think was a bad idea. My opinion is the UK should have just continued to Boycott and other 'business' retaliations since this was all just business. Don't do business with them if they cancel your contract early (50 years early, but the previous administration made that deal). and the US should stay out of it.
that what i do, protects against windy rain and keeps your hands free. then when you're (wherever your supposed to be) you don't have this useless item you need to do something w/ and not forgot. can wear backpack under jacket if walking to school or for short walks from car, bag getting a little wet is fine. Umbrellas are handy to keep in the car in case it suddenly rains hard and you weren't prepared and can share or keep something else dry.
/r/FellowHumans
I'd vote for mitt romney or John McCain or john Kerry over Trump.
For temp control, i make 8oz ones (in 8 oz jars) and ended up w/ 172° 50 minutes. Then nuke for 60 seconds to reaheat... or do the full hour SV if im eating now. I believe you'd still want the entire jar under water though. Edit: fixed, said 4, meant 8
sorry i meant 8 oz jars! Wife was always eating two 4oz jars so i switched to 8oz jars and i fill them and then use the temp/time i mentioned.
It's a month till Valentine's day... Then it's all shamrocks and that feels like spring to me... It's crazy
Or "If you help yourself, God will take credit for it!" It's an easier answer to why prayer alone does nothing... Actually prayer alone has shown to do worse than doing nothing
Huge in religious (especially Mormon) areas. It's the basic response to "why didn't prayer work"
Also Joseph probably wasn't a carpenter Old testament didn't prophesize birth from a virgin And original Easter story didn't mention ascending to heaven (but Bible does mention many others rising from the dead with Jesus, walking into town and seen by many) Everyone should read the Bible... Really weird stuff in it
I have a friend who swore the "teach a man to fish.." thing was Jesus
But the people who don't help themselves... He didn't give it to? Seems like the same problem
That's more about divorce. Saying 'god is part of marriage, but divorce is just man's idea... Don't do it.' If it's "anti-gay" then it's also anti-bachelor Christians didn't invent marriage and you can get married without god
No it's the groups that were aware they were testing prayer. They were going into surgery, and had their info given to local churches to pray. Patients and doctors knew this. Another group was the same, but without knowledge of the people praying. And finally a control with no prayer or idea of the study. The worst outcome, recovery times, and surgery incidents was the 1st group. I don't think it's a spiteful god, though that fits, but rather just "pressure" is more likely than a god existing at all
Linked the 9/11 report on my first reply And "stealing" is a law... But this was their country... So they make the laws, therefore not stealing. It's the whole world, not every country has the same laws. Was it right? No. But that's the risk you take. Same reason why no one does business with North Korea. "Hey! Kidnapping is illegal!" ..... "Not here it isn't" Was it right to do the coup? No. They cancelled a contract earlier, boycott them, and spread the word they can't be trusted. The coup was just as "illegal" Also you keep conveniently skipping over the part the US wasn't even involved in the contract.
And that's your opinion.... And if it is... Then you think the US founding fathers are crooks and deserved the same? I have a lot of evidence in those 70 years that the illegal coup was a bad idea. But it's a fact that us was not involved.
So if the UK invests in a foreign country, and therefore owns part of it resources... But then new government says get out, deals over.... That's what happened with Iran and America. Answer that. Should Britain have had Persia overthrow our government to get it's property back? There's 70 years of terrible things that have happened in Iran, and us has been behind a few of them. That is a fact. US started it. That's a fact. You think they deserved it, opinion. But the founding fathers did the same thing
What? What Is made up? British empire spent a lot of money, time, and man power in the new world... And Iran. It owned the new world, it's property there (buildings, ships, guns, tea, etc). Just like the oil part your obsessed with. And why is it irrelevant? If that's your opinion, fine. Some people think you should chop off hands for stealing... Ok. But then you say Iran deserves it, so should the US if they both did the same crime?
The word used translates as contractor/builder. Stone work would have been more likely. But never says carpenter. All we know is Isiah said a young women. Greeks mistranslated it, and self fulfilled it. We don't know what the original writer* meant when they used "Young women who is of child bearing age, but hasn't given birth yet", That could mean a virgin, but it's odd to specify virgin when they didn't make a big deal out of it in the prophecy. If you have a good, recent copy of the Bible, it should include a footnote that the ascending to heaven was not in the oldest copies we have. Likely as the story spread, people questioned "yo if he came back to life... Where is he? Did he die again? What happened next?" Just like each subsequent gospel kept adding more detail to his death, to counter nay Sayers. "He was stabbed with a spear, so no, he was definitely dead, and then came back". "He also had a giant rock and guards, so no, the disciples didn't just steal his body". "Ok look... He was resurrected AND dozens other were too. Also they went into town and many people saw them OK?!? It definitely happened, stop questioning it" Sitting down and reading the Bible with an open mind made me an atheist, so yes, everyone should read it. I recommend a common English, along with Young's literal editions. But also read history around it, understand that it was written well after Jesus would have died,. None of the stories we're written by anyone who actually met him. Helps make more sense Plus some philosophy.... Maybe the devil wrote the Bible? Purposely put so many mistakes in it. To cause us to fight over it, or worship the wrong god?
Guess I hit a nerve, can't speak ill of America? Or just got tired of repeating " he deserved it!"
"squirrel tactic"
&gt;God isnt going to solve your problems if you sit on your ass waiting for the solution to come, just like you won't find a job if you dont even look for it. But that does happen Some people just have solutions dropped on their lap, others work their ass off and get nowhere. I wish Karma was real, but all evidence points to "we are on our own" regardless of what god you do or do not pray to.
But why does that not happen, some people work their ass off and get no where. Others have solutions dropped in their lap... regardless of religion. Look at the top, self-made billionairs... all non religious/atheist: Buffet, gates, Zuckerberg, Bezos
Wow hot topic... guess people don't want to hear this... but its common history, [Christians burned their bibles when this fact came out](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaiah_7:14#Revised_Standard_Version) and translators fixed the error. &gt;In the time of Jesus, however, the Jews of Palestine no longer spoke Hebrew, and Isaiah had to be translated into Greek and Aramaic, the two commonly used languages.[15] In the original Hebrew of Isaiah 7:14 the word almah meant a young woman of childbearing age who had not yet given birth; however the Greek translation, the Septuagint, rendered it as parthenos, a word which means virgin. source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaiah_7:14#Gospel_of_Matthew For the 4 gospels, Mark was written first, and didn't originally mention the accession, but was added centuries later, look up mark 16:19 in your bible and see if it has the footnote (&amp; brackets or highlight. Most decent bibles do) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_16 &gt;the two oldest manuscripts of Mark 16 (from the 300s) then conclude with verse 8, which ends with the women fleeing from the empty tomb, and saying "nothing to anyone, because they were too frightened." &gt;Textual critics have identified two distinct alternative endings: the "Longer Ending" (vv. 9-20) and the unversed "Shorter Ending" or "lost ending",[1] which appear together in six Greek manuscripts, and in dozens of Ethiopic copies. Modern versions of the New Testament generally include the Longer Ending, but place it in brackets or otherwise format it to show that it is not considered part of the original text. and finally (love getting downvoted for all these sources and hard work) the changes. Again this is important to realize the 4 gospels of jesus (matthew mark luke &amp; John) were not written by disciples, or anyone who met jesus, and generations after the events happened and not in that order, and over a span of ~50 years. (each one changing and adding details.. sometimes 75 years after jesus was already dead) Mark (30-40 years [average life expectancy is 35 years] after he was already dead, we see the first written accounts of him)-&gt;Mathew-&gt;Luke-&gt; John (Also note how only Luke and John have Jesus' birth mentioned, and they both tell it **very** differently [magi/star vs shepherds/angel] Just read the bible, i spelt it out already in my previous comment, but read it w/ an open mind. Here is a breakdown of the differences https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crucifixion_of_Jesus#Comparison But look at them in the order they were written, and see how they keep adding more details.. details that would explain common questions (like i mentioned in my last post "How do yo u know he was really dead, how do you know they didn't just steal the body, etc) &gt;the first four books of the New Testament of the Bible and were probably written between AD 66 and 110.[3][4][5] All four were anonymous (the modern names were added in the 2nd century), almost certainly none were by eyewitnesses, and all are the end-products of long oral and written transmission https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gospel
Write to management and AMC corporate, leave a review on google maps/equivalent.
My state is still figuring out the IDs and i can't order one yet... on the waiting list. Been using my passport for last couple years and its set to expire this year :/ (not thru hiking this year, though, just complaining)
Look im not religious, but i was raised very religious and most of my family is. My very religious cousins... have several evictions, and bankruptcies across 3 of them (from 2 different aunt/uncle pairs). They went to christian colleges (including my brother), and tried to start their own businesses (Landscaping, Baking, &amp; bathroom/kitchen remodeling each) which all failed. (not from lack of hard work). I feel bad for them, they work hard, and are very involved in their churches, but 2 of them lost their houses, 1 is still ~homeless. 1 divorced, lost children to divorce (or medical issues)....(holidays were rough, forget politics) So we could list cherry picked examples... but this statement is false. There are very hard working Christians who have nothing going on for them in any way. the answer "they will be rewarded later" Not my brother who died at 25. then i hear "He will rewarded in the afterlife" just no. This is just an easy answer to "why doesn't prayer work". "It does sometimes" .. yeah, almost like chance, or if there was no god at all.
is this a real quote or just a meme? edit: as someone who is not on any social media besides reddit, and doesn't subscribe to subreddits w/ memes... i think this is a meme...
&gt;Again, you seem to have entirely missed the point I was trying to make I clearly am &gt;I never said, "they will be rewarded later". I didn't say you did, i said thats usually what i hear next I was point out all the things that they prayed for (jobs, marriage, children, a home) that were failing them. That they were working hard on, while being 'good christians' and praying for assistance. &gt;I'm not talking about money. I'm not going to make any claim that money does not negate a lot of suffering. I'm not saying that someone who prays every day of their life will have a happy and successful life. so what are you saying? are you're saying theres no point to praying **for help** then? Just pray as a form of meditation?
&gt;You pray for help, but help to face the world, not for a supernatural intervention in it. You pray for hope and strength. Still seems contradictory. If theres no intervention, then theres no help. Seems like you're saying theres no point to pray for help at all since you wont get it. You can just "chat and talk" about your problems. If talking about your problems helps you... then it'll help you. regardless if you call it praying. or again, its just meditating.
&gt;"I prayed and prayed for a bicycle and never got one. Then i realized i was catholic. So i stole a bicycle and prayed for forgiveness"
&gt; the longest serving president in U.S. history say what? FDR did 12 years and will always hold that title. Carter is the longest living president at 95 since GHWB died at 94
I think we have to re-calibrate "bad president"
bone spurs. But he builds the best houses, tremendous even. So great you wouldn't believe. He built a house thats been standing for over 100 years... Could have built trump tower himself but he had other work to do. some say.
95
Looks close to me, the curve at the end of the street helps too https://imgur.com/eNnFgmf.jpg [Comparison shot](https://i.imgur.com/Lws2qg4.png)
Ok so lets just say there is only christianity, and everyone was christian. Big if, but removes a lot of the problems w/ the prayer idea. I need courage, and i pray for courage. Do i get it? automatically or is there a 'test', or is god checking my permanent record first before he decided if i get? either it comes from within, and the prayer is moot. Or god intervenes (randomly). no?
&gt;I don't get why we have to assume everyone is Christian. Well theres a lot of problems w/ that idea i thought were obvious... You think Yaweh is up there (like Muslims/Jews). But what about Hindus? or Satanist... you think if they "pray" to their god, Yaweh is listening and treats them the same? Then theres Atheists, who aren't praying, but just meditating or whatever. Also talking to god w/o knowing or trying? And then take a random sample of all these people and sometimes they get what they pray for and sometimes they don't. Regardless of religion? &gt;Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them. Now we are back to the beginning. this simply isn't true. People pray and pray for things and have faith (so much so that they die, assuming they'll get it) and still don't get it (and then die. See Snake Handling christians, or people w/ Medical issues) "I dont care what the doctor says, im not taking Chemo, i'll just pray for it" So then people respond w/ this threads answer "Well you pray for it and then you need to also do it yourself (get the chemo). Prayer alone doesn't work (and study showed prayer groups did worse than a control group for medical surgery) So that bible quote is false and seems to be contradicting what you've been saying this whole time. &gt;In regard to the second part, I'm not entirely sure what you mean. The person who needs courage, asks for it, and then receives it. Nothing random involved. But then they don't get it. (some do, some don't. Random) "Please god give me courage to ask for a raise" and then chicken out... "please god just give me the raise?!" and don't get it. How do you explain these scenarios? Meanwhile another indian co worker. Prays for courage, and gets the courage, asks for the raise and gets it. And another Atheist co worker just gets a raise w/o even praying for anything. "Lord works in mysterious ways" or in another words "Not at all, and its more about other factors or 'random chance'" We're back at the beginning. What is the point of prayer beyond meditation. It doesn't actually do anything (except in a study, make things worse) You might randomly get what you want. Or you might find 'courage' from within (just like meditating).
and the seizure moment
Quick questions i've always wondered if you don't mind. How do you rent games? is flat rate per game? Depends on game? Hourly rate? drinks (drink minimum?) How to handle missing pieces? spills/accidents? theft? How to handle teaching them to play or rules questions? thanks again
get ready for "We throw the amulet into the river, ignore the princess screams for help, and start a brewery"
&gt;if someone asks for the courage with heart and faith, regardless of religion they will receive it. So religion/god is moot. This should be the same outcome of meditating or praying. You're saying it only depends on the person, and if the person is courageous and asks for courage, they might find it. (or maybe the wont sometimes) &gt;Again, you're reverting back to the materialistic idea of prayer which is not what I'm suggesting. "What things soever ye desire " Whatever you desire. Your quote isn't backing up your claim. but just replace cancer treatment with "will to get cancer treatment" and some will not find the will. Only those with will.... will find it... so God(s) is not involved at all &gt;then it would likely be as a result of a lack of faith or fortitude. So again, prayer is pointless. You only get what you already have. If there is a god, no interaction or affect. Snake Handlers (taking the bible too literally) w/ complete faith, think they can handle deadly snakes because of their faith... sometimes they don't get bitten. [other times they die.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Coots) How can you say James coots lacked faith? its clearly just a snake that bit him. Regardless of god or faith. &gt;Again, I'm suggesting that meditation draws from the same spring as prayer, just less directly, which likely has its pros and cons depending on the situation. What it has done, in the case of the person who chickened out, is to show him that he lacks courage/faith/fortitude and thus humbled him and potentially focused him, it has helped the Indian man practice courage, and it has done nothing for the atheist as he hadn't prayed and hadn't been tested This has no backing and makes no sense. In practice, they are all equal and no difference on god/religion/prayer. When they did a study on this, And prayed for surgeons and patients.... They did worse than the control group. (longer recovery times, higher surgery incidents) When they had the local churches pray for them... but the patients and doctors weren't aware of the prayer? Exact same outcome as the control group (similar hospital/staff patients w/ no prayer at all) Likely because patients and doctors were aware and had increased pressure to perform well. Is there any reason in your mind, to pray for another person? does that do anything? Do you believe in free will?
yeah and i agree with some of those. But im just saying Trump calls that a Tuesday.
We did it 80 years ago, huge success
I thought that was because of the data breach?
They called them changeables
There's a lot missing. They did 3 generations, some repeats. Rare first gen McMuffin. Robots, robots, dinosaurs. Still have mine. Kids love them Mini robot fry is my favorite, has a moveable mouth and pull out legs
Egg crate? Mcnuggets box?
There's more, they did 3 generations, 2 robots and a dinosaur series
That so it Cooks the egg?
As long as he doesn't direct the third one...
&gt; in it he is the entity sending courage into you. What I'm saying is, is that if you, despite not being a Christian, arrive at the same conclusion on your own by some other method of thought and observation, say that you need to be more courageous and that you should believe that you can be. And then you **act in the same manner as a Christian**, then yes you will get the same outcome. A man who does a courageous act is aware he is doing a courageous act, even if he doesn't understand properly how it fits into the larger picture. so god is moot? &gt;How can God be 'moot' in the situation I have laid out when in it he is the entity sending courage into you. Well you haven't laid it out, that's just your religion. 1, you're just calling that god, but it could be a machine, simulation, or 'nothing' is sending you courage, its entirely in you... Courage is found, 2. no one can explain exactly where these 'immaterial strength' comes from. So calling it god, or suggesting its coming from something external... is moot. &gt;This same courageous man may go on to be entirely unforgiving because he **was never given any guidance on forgiveness due to his lack of religion** and never became aware of it through the natural course of his life. "act as the same manner as a christian" and implying all religious are forgiving is a pretty high horse there.... Theres been a lot of terrible christians/religions throughout history &gt; if you take it absolutely literally. .... to suggest that's what he meant while writing it is ludicrous. Thus he must have meant,.... so thats 2 things i hate about religion. 1) everyone interprets it to fit what they want and 2) (You'd think a divinely inspired book would know better) Millions take it literally (see snake handelers, people dying/killing over passage interpretations) *"he must have meant"..*. Why didn't he write "Any **help** you need or something instead of "whatever you want" comes off as empty promises from a salesman. &gt;yes I do believe in free will I assume, this often explains why bad people happen w/ an all loving powerful god. But is there Free will in heaven? Could someone in heaven punch jesus in the face? Could you be in heaven (whatever your reqs are: Accept God, Confess/baptism, good life)... could they become bad in heaven? &gt;'get what you already have' What i mean is its a closed system. Whatever courage you find was already there, you were already capable regardless of what religion you have or don't. You had a little courage, now you have more... even when your a kid and can't understand religion yet. Or nations of natives w/ no religion at all, Or Millenniums of early human before speech/writing/religion Also i do not think faith is a virtue/good thing. it literally means "Belief without evidence" Makes a good Christmas movie... But in reality, one should not believe w/o evidence.... Always look when crossing the road. &gt;In regards to the snake bite... Look its your bible, and your religion, and your fellow Christians. Just like your bible quote, this one promises you can handle snakes ([theres a couple versus actually](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_handling_in_religion#Beliefs_and_practices)) &gt;Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and **nothing shall by any means hurt you.** (Luke 10:19) Do these people just have more faith than you? or do they not know what (the man who wrote this or came up with this passage for someone else to write) intended to say. How do you know what literally or if it means something else (and what?) &gt;. I don't know if you're a teenager or what, but the fact that you cant comprehend the idea of any sort of personal development. Maybe reading some classical literature or something would help Grown up w/ 3 kids of my own. I'm actually reading Sherlock Holmes right now. But its not personal development. You pray to quit smoking, does that work? Hypnotism works but mostly because of your internal will. Nothing to do w/ god is what im saying. You realize you need to quit (or need more courage) thats the most important step. Then you actually do something about it (go see a hypnotherapist, or pray/meditate/ think&amp;Concentrate on it). that's over half way there... has nothing to do w/ religion or god. Nations w/o gods have courageous natives. They find and grow w/ personal development w/o god or religion. &gt; so intuitive and so recurrent in any detailing of the human experience is absurd. Its literately praying for steady hands, strength for speedy recovery. A good night sleep even. Theres nothing material prayed for in this study. &gt; I can attest that I prefer isolation when I'm ill. don't believe people's prayers hold an external effect in the material world as this study suggests. They weren't there, physically all 3 groups were identical. as i touched on earlier they prayed for immaterial things from their church and never went in the hospital. "I pray the doctor has a steady hand, gets good sleep, stays focused. I pray the patient finds strength in and power to a speedy recovery ..etc" third group had no prayer, but of the 2 prayer groups, all they did is tell the doctor/patient about the study, their info was being sent to a local church for prayer before the procedure. So yes, it makes sense that it was just extra pressure that made the outcome worst and prayer didn't help the group unaware either. Prayer doesn't work/ pointless. (same as meditating, just do that) It doesn't help the case that theres any god or religion w/ validity. You wont "grow" any more then basic self reflection and thought. Religion 'can' help. But argue religion hurts as well. Any benefits from religion you can get through other means. (Volunteering, community/fellowship, meditations/self reflection) But w/o all the negative that comes w/ religion (Hate crimes, Bigotry, Serfdom, violence) &gt;God helps those who help themselves If you want it really bad enough, you'll get it. If you do, God did it. If you don't "Wasn't meant to be" or "you lacked faith".
we're here..............! this is exciting! this means they think Bernie is winning too!.
&gt; And it's the cleanest form of energy out there. wait what? I understand its 0 air emission/carbon free. But so are the wind/solar (i understand it takes more space for these) I am pro nuclear, but i feel like that should be our plan B. Try to use Wind/Solar as much as it makes sense (coast/desserts and on homes). and supplement w/ nuclear. But nuclear still has waste. last 60 years of the US takes up a football field of waste 10 yards deep. We could recylce that waste but we dont. and its lasts for thousands of generations. Blue color jobs are needed too and factories/repairs would be huge in the 'green new deal'
wind turbines are put places (like the coast) that don't have that issue, their "uptime" is over 90%. and Solar use is mostly power business and power consumption drops at night. but for both there is battery back up. Same already exists. Do you think they shovel more coal when they see power spikes?
&gt; You're arguing statistics as if they're actual maximums. Im not, your straw manning but i think on accident. Your arguing life spans (which the article talks about) while i am not. I am not saying a 50 year old seeing jesus die, couldn't be 100 when people started writing shit down. Thats possible! Your whole articles point is : &gt;it’s common belief that ancient Greeks or Romans would have been flabbergasted to see anyone above the age of 50 or 60, for example. the assumption that human life span has increased dramatically over centuries or millennia is misleading. Im not arguing lifespan. Not saying people didn't live as long. Im stating statistically, The chances are low to nill of the overlap. Did people live to be 100 around this time. YES. But thats moot. But the 500 people that saw jesus die. That were in a good age range to remember and live. statistically, on average they would be dead. Now weigh in his followers were poor. Slim chance they co existed w/ written words. Chance the come across the written word? then could the read or write their own versions? I am point out statistics, and your arguing lifespan. Im not saying its impossible, and your arguing its possible... same thing. Im saying statistically, the chance of a first hand account co existing is low to being with (small group of poor people), and even lower they came across the few original written copies, and then had any thing to do w/ it.
I prefer browser extension, theres an open source one for each chrome and firefox. Its automatic. https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-firefox
I didn't like Hillary, or Trump.... but now i hate trump (and now the GOP for that matter) Im voting for "not trump" in northhampton county 2020. I'll be surprised if it swings his way again. (I'm switching to democrat to vote in the primaries for Bernie Sanders)
Turns out they are related too https://time.com/4970053/bernie-sanders-larry-david-finding-your-roots-pbs/ "Third cousin or something" -Larry
Things that made me wondering while watching it. Why did he wait till the morning to address the public, why was he so late for this scheduled call, Why was he out of breath? and in general sounded a little drunk (couldn't move mouth all the way) Also appearance wise, (hard to tell under all that) but his eyes do look bad/hung over, reallly tired for 11am. Maybe he was up all night, maybe he had a cold, maybe he did celebrate... but w/ the health scare last month, it doesn't look 'great'
Shes afraid she'll have to buy burnt slippers now.
Thank you! the new deal and sending our ww2 troops to college for free (GI bill) helped us out of the recession and make the golden age. almost half of college applicants were ww2 soilders in the 40s... Allowed women to keep working, made smarter Americans, and opened up new jobs, stimulated the economy This lead to the scientific advances we had in the following decades. WE might not have had APPLE/IBM/MS if it weren't for growing our education and educating our people.... Could you imagine if "silicon valley" was in Europe or Japan? Reganomics, bush tax cuts, and repealing Glass-Steagall brought recessions. which one is more like Venezuela, Talk about history.
This and [Word Crimes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Gv0H-vPoDc) I def prefer the Al Version.
Its a rub. Do you think this rube knows how to baste a good chicken and then still thought this was a good idea or it needed more? I've booked chicken like this, your supposed to pull coals out of the fire and put in on/around the dutch oven. Not cremate a coffee can
probably just not worth the effort/cost. why pay dues/submit to the BA when you've got something more specific than the BA (warning bad example) Im a card carying Vegan! -"But are you also a vegetarian?"
I disagree... i think they're only giving up now because she's not running for president for serious this time. If she was running again, they'd keep it going to use in a smear campaign.
/r/nocontext
But he isn't. at all... your drinking kool-aid &gt;The words attributed to Sanders are traceable to a single online source: an article posted on his official website on 5 August, 2011 in the ‘Newsroom’ section and categorised as a ‘Must Read.’ It is entitled “Close the Gaps: Disparities That Threaten America,” and, as the link below the headline indicates, it originally appeared in the 4 August edition of Valley News, a New England regional newspaper. So did Sanders write it? No, unknown editorial contributor, dead link now. &gt;Sanders’s critics would doubtless reply that cross-posting the article without clarification or caveat amounts to an endorsement. But an endorsement of what? &gt;The article is not about Venezuela or Bolivarianism (or Equador or Argentina, for that matter) but American inequalities, poverty, and lack of opportunities. The “Gaps that Threaten America” are domestic inequality, ‘the wealth gap,’ ‘the jobs gap,’ and racial disparities in property ownership. **The only mention of Venezuela in the 600 word editorial comes in the endlessly circulated final two lines. It ought to be obvious to fair-minded people that, in the context of the article, this final rhetorical flourish was intended to shame America for failing to live up to its promise.**
Why? shes in third or 4th place and the average of poll data shows trump would beat her. He just started attacking Bernie sanders now that hes moved up and bernie would beat him
for Sanders. But i'd vote for anyone against trump. Even Mitt Romney or John McCain. longest independent in congress. Im independent too. I felt like you last election. "The president doesn't actually have much power, can't introduce his own bills. Nothing much will change... if trump actually wins, we have checks and balances to stop him from fucking up too much." boy was i wrong. Next president needs to fix some of these loopholes and founding fathers didn't imagine the entire senate siding w/ their political party over their jobs/constitution. (they did warn about political parties though) 1) Bernie has been doing this a long time and seems to always be on the right side of history, even when it was an uphill battle 2) I think his plans make sense, and they've actually got details to explain them edit 2.5) And he's not a dictator. his bills will (and have been) introduced and be discussed and voted on. See #1&amp;#4. I trust that hes actually trying to do the right thing... this isn't a ploy to help the _____ industry. We will adjust as a country 3) He's got a following... People listen to him and show up. This is what's been missing to getting stuff done, the apathy of the average voter and that nothing matters. 4) I trust him. Theres no worry about whose side he is on, or how he'll vote once elected. (hes pro union and his merch is union made, hes fighting climate change and flies coach, He doesn't take money from billionaires, etc)
Well he is as close as you can get w/o being one. he holds the record, most hosts at 17 times! (steve martin 15, and john goodman 13 are next) Hopefully only a few more episodes baldwin will be needed for regardless!
Public schools aren't a monopoly. Private schools exist. I didn't choose Comcast, it's my only option and I need internet. Why is it my only option? Free market let Comcast build those polls and cable and won't let anyone else use it. I didn't choose horizon insurance, it's my only option. Already explained you can have your private options and government shouldn't make a "public mechanic" but we have public transportation. Every citizen is granted the option, but isn't forced to use these... But with capitalism alone, the free market is gimped. You realize we spend more for **worse** healthcare then every other civilized nation? That administrative cost goes away with a public option. Health insurance would really have to compete and cut profits to offer something competitive... Capitalism You are born with no rights. We as a people give them to ourselves. In this country we decided the right to the pursuit of happiness. We have the right to not starve to death, right to not go bankrupt and lose your house from cancer. Like it or not, but we the people are gathering to vote for more rights of happiness and more freedom of choice believe it or not. You think we should close every post office, public school, the army, and police and stop collecting taxes.... Then go ahead.... But it would be easier to move to a country with no taxes like Sudan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia..... America has always had taxes and Democratic socialism. But people are tired of the elite bring greedy, and the corruption of government
Well in the last couple months Trump abandoned a us base in the middle East, and our allies. Let isis prisoners go free Found guilty of fraud and forced to admit guilt and pay back the money he stole from veteran charities Verbally attacked military and their family members. Was impeached for abuse of power and obstruction of Justice. Raised deficit by almost 70% Almost started WWIII to raise poll numbers Made approx 15k lies Had several of his campaign members go to jail for fraud .... So to start... They **didn't** do that That good enough?
So where would you rather live... Denmark or Qatar... All you've argued is the government is corrupt... Another reason to vote for Sanders Poll NHS vs any private American health insurance. And your stats are wrong, you scream stubborn and nothing will change your mind
You want me to list all the lies for you to ignore and not read? Just like you've ignored everything else I wrote? Here's the lies... Or maybe it isn't... Better read them all too... Count them, make sure I didn't leave one out https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/12/16/president-trump-has-made-false-or-misleading-claims-over-days/%3foutputType=amp
You can read my views at the top of this post on Bernie Sanders. I didn't vote for Obama or Hillary. I'm an independent voter and we're not voting for Trump again
The response of a desperate man in the corner with nothing to say. "No YOU!... are corrupt.. Or something"
I think Bernie has a larger base, following... That's necessary to get stuff passed And he would win against Trump today, while Warren wouldn't..
["Obviously you're not a golfer](https://giphy.com/gifs/sarcasm-jeff-bridges-the-big-lebowski-3og0IRRVEG80tRqRlS)"
Well I guess I'm a bot
Do you not know how to Reddit? You're replying all over the place, and in the wrong sections
Also to make sure it's legit. Union made, and the money goes to campaign, but it took like 2 months to get mine since it was a popular size/color and back ordered
To be fair, Russia touches a lot. You can go him Finland to n Korea, only though Russia
I can't put mine together..... Some rebels stole the plans
Why is there an ESPN crawl? i think she's just sidelines at a game
well its a guide on how to be a boss so clearly these are alpha replies /s Terrible guide and nothing to do w/ /r/geek
Reign Over Me 2007 too
ok.... can someone explain Once Upon a time then? Well made, great acting... but story wise... Sorry, i'll take the downvotes, but its my 2nd least favorite Tarantino movie.. I'd even take True Romance over it if we counted that. Whole time i watched it, i was trying to 'get it' see how it all connected, see where it was going... but then it just ended in nonsense very 'un Tarantino' like (not violence wise, that was spot on... but the script...). I feel like you could cut over half the movie and it wouldn't matter, it seemed like it was a half written script when they started and kept filming "ok what should we shoot next" all these dead ends. TL;DR: Expecting and tight script and complex plot, but it just seemed unconnected and random SPOILERS : &gt;!I know all about the manson/tate history and how the ending... changed that.. but i still don't get it.!&lt; Edit: some examples: Obviously pulp fictions/reservoir dogs script are insane, but take inglorious bastards opening w/ Christopher waltz interrogation. intense, and leads up to the female characters back story... or 'Mexican standoff' in the bar requires her to have a cast. Not necessary but connected. in once upon a time... &gt;!we have this hippie girl that keeps coming up, leading to the long intense 'ranch scene' where nothing happens and doesn't loop back in at all except she sold him the acid cigarette... which also doesn't really matter at all. **I was waiting for Dicaprio's wife to smoke it on accident and accidentally kill tate and then Pitts Character to help cover it up and frame the Manson/'hippie gang', who was coming to kill Pitt after that showdown** Also pit going up onto the roof and can see the tate residence... thought that was going to mean something later too.... but chekhov's flamethrower.. that came back.... !&lt;
Haven't seen them yet, but saw the trailers and posters... how is tom hanks and Anthony Hopkins supporting roles when they are the stars/main characters? (Mister rogers/2 popes)
...i didn't say i know how big their roles are. I explained they're playing the main characters and on the [cover of the poster](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BYTc1OWFmZDYtNDkzMy00ZjM2LTkxZDItM2E3ZTg3NTE1ZWE2XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTkxNjUyNQ@@._V1_SY1000_CR0,0,674,1000_AL_.jpg). Asked how they weren't the leads.
That basically what i was inquiring and wondered about. Apparently my question offended someone though...but then i looked through his comment history and he's just an ass.
Thanks, first answer and it helps
GOP: Less government, more freedom Also GOP: Government should ban abortions
We used to live on a small lake and anytime my dad caught one, he would throw it into the woods. Predatory fish that eats other fish when they were trying to grow them. Maybe that?
Iran is that famous underwater City right?
Yeah the story of Job... Devil outsmarts God and because God is so vein, it works. He punishes his most loyal follower....a lot. Terrible story imo
Like when universal tried it with mummy to make a monster universe... And mummy was so bad the scraped the whole idea. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was supposed to be next
Can't trust Robin to not push the buttons
I'll never forget that moment... the opening scene.... seeing rapture from the biosphere for the first time.... I argued w/ my in-laws that Video games are an art form on par w/ cinema and showed them the opening to this game as an example.
They remade them! less than a year ago. New CGI. Similar to what they did w/ Lion King when you think about it, but this was the first animated remake (released in japan first) was supposed to release in the US last fall.... but can't find it anywhere
Depends on if i did it or not.
&gt; out-of-network doctor in an in-network hospital and lose your life savings. Son was being born, rushed to NICU... Where the doctor there wasn't in network.... that was a billing nightmare, right after a real life nightmare. (he's fine, 6 now, just scary at the time and went 6 hours w/o an update on if he was even alive)
We should encourage to not post cnn on this sub and give them clicks. use another source, or screen grab it or something.
Mirror? I'm getting dead links
edit: Based on all the scenes and items Tarantino introduced, i thought there would be relevance for them. Im not saying this is how i would have wrote it, but i was waiting for them to be important and they never were. I thought ... that acid dipped cigarette was going to be accidentally smoked by Leo's new wife... she was going to have a bad trip and go kill Tate... Cliff was going to try to cover it up just as the ranch cult people showed up to take him out (for his actions earlier) and he was going to frame them. something like that...
to each his own, but that's what i didn't like... all these chekhov guns not going off. Could have cut half the movie why did we need an acid cigarette, why did pitts character have to go on the roof, pretty much the entire ranch scene/hippy girl. We did get a chekhov's flamethrower though...
Well you seem to not be reading my response... I'm not talking about what you're talking about. By your logic (anything the viewer didn't expect is absolutely Tarantino, despite his other 8+ films (including True Romance &amp; Four Rooms piece) doing it) then he could just make a movie about paint drying "BRILLIANT TARINTINO! Didn't see that coming!"
I can't believe this is getting more press than "Grab em by the pussy"
Didn't say that the only things isis does. But if he added those, then yeah.. That's isis
Texting is so mainstream, i have a full stationary set in my car and find it a great way to keep up on my correspondence, or write thank you cards while driving to work.
Yeah on the radio the other day, the morning show was talking about all the services (and getting all the details wrong) and explained that's what HBOmax was, a combo of those two.
I think its worth reading, or at least seeing the figures.
wow.... that's worse than people described. We should stick to PBS and Associated Press or something.
yeah the door is hanging from the top rail, install these at the bottom, close to the floor where the "pocket" is.
then comes the locust.... (seriously though, all those dead fish are going to cause problems too) meanwhile conservative Christians by me witnessing actual biblical like plague, but this is all a hoax.
Great job! what made you not want the garage anymore?
haha yeah (to clarify it was their podcast which i listen to via my car radio) But i live in Lehigh Valley
Which is silly because someone is watching that 'junk' or they wouldn't make it. They're very up front, and its simple. Costs X to make, Y Subscribers watch it. is it a profit? Doesn't matter how good or bad it is, or if it had a cult following (Sense 8, A.O.) too expensive and too little watched it. or a cheap gameshow/cooking show that little watched but cost nothing? Junk by our standards but someones watching and paying for it.
silicon Valley also just finished. I still watch Barry (long gap between seasons, few episodes), Veep, Last week tonight (long hiatuses, can just watch on youtube).
I thought this was more about curbing the youth adoption? My minds not made up on this, on one hand its like banning whipped cream vodka... on the other hand, its like banning cartoon characters on cigarettes are there adults using cotton candy vape juice?
so if there is a market for it, then i guess just focus on the kids part. They went hard on it being harmless, but 1) its not 2)Nicotine addiction. we need to be stricter about who/how well sell it. My sister in law swore against cigs her whole life (since her parents are chain smokers), smokes cigarettes now but started on vaping.... it was easy, all the kids were doing it, and flavorful/"cool" and the nicotine addiction kicked in and cigs were easier a lot of the time. so i know of at least 1 person it went backwards on "helping people quit" argument. But still, adults have the right to mess themselves up i guess.
&gt; Banning flavored juices does nothing but encourage more black-market juice/ cart makers to make more in profits, and of course helping the tobacco industry get more money out of selling literal cancer sticks. as i said in my other reply, my step sister in law (who hated cigs from her chain smoking parents) started smoking cigs w/ berry vapes as her gateway "it smelled nice and looked cool" so she started doing it too thinking it was harmless and is now smoking cigs. so there is a down side to this, and they DO market vapes at younger, naive kids. I just think people were too relaxed about it all since they're supposed to be harmless (what the marketing says)
She started just hitting others when she was underage, but they were in highschool too, so idk where they got it from. Was buying her own in college, then bumming cig from parents
The last one, with the storm trooper banter scene... That's so him
&gt;All his other work Just gonna yada yada over JoJo rabbit and hunt for the wilderpeople... His most award winning works Edit jojo is up for 6 Oscars, and he literally plays Hitler in his own movie
They just made another/different video game about the goldeneye movie they couldn't make it too much like the original game. Activision got the rights to make James Bond games (which is now expired i imagine?) Not sure how re releasing older games work, but MGM studio might need to be involved.
wasn't so much grammar nazi, the profiler came up w/ linguistic forensics" like how you say "water" with a "D" if you're from philly. Wrote up a profile on him, meanwhile he's brother said his manifesto sounded like him and he matched the linguistic profile
haha usually its the other way around. Theres no real proof he was in it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra#Notable_people
Plus he was taking the bus for days to mail the package from states away... could also just buy glue while there? How much glue did he need that it would raise alerts?
&gt; Kaczynski's brother David hired private investigator Susan Swanson in Chicago to investigate Ted's activities discreetly. David later hired Washington, D.C. attorney Tony Bisceglie to organize the evidence &gt;In February 1996, Bisceglie gave a copy of the 1971 essay written by Ted Kaczynski to Molly Flynn at the FBI. complicated story
Other pointed out its an old joke, but heres a Similar idea in 1 panel comic: https://i.imgur.com/REnggBQ.jpg
No in Idiocracy the world was in a drought due to environmental issues, the president was a Wrestling star, TV was replaced with a guy getting hit in the nuts surrounded by thousands of ads and hospitals had completely focused on maximized profits oh
Well the BTK killer was taken down that way &gt;Police found metadata embedded in a deleted Microsoft Word document that was, unknown to Rader, still stored on the floppy disk. The metadata contained the words "Christ Lutheran Church", and the document was marked as last modified by "Dennis." An Internet search determined that a "Dennis Rader" was president of the church council. From the Home Depot incident, the police also knew BTK owned a black Jeep Cherokee. When investigators drove by Rader's house, they noticed a black Jeep Cherokee parked outside.
I believe this is the interview if you want to add it to your post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4M7vVlpPD8
to be fair, you say that now. but 30 years ago, might have seemed more harmless. Also, to your point, my in laws from the south make fun of all kinds of things i had no idea about.. like ending a sentence in "or no". "I am going to the store, want to come, or no?"
they're not spelling mistakes, but Grey vs Gray, or how brits use colour instead of color. Things he's done since childhood, pointed them to where he grew up, level of education, and schools he attended. Edit: Also he tricked them for years into thinking he was an uneducated airline worker from california, but the way he used words contradicted that. But ultimately, releasing his manifesto and his brother recognizing it, was his downfall.
I have such a hard time telling apart real quotes or when people are just making fun of him ....
Edit: ironic that his manifesto is about technology being the downfall of man. He used a typewriter to avoid detection. Printers put invisible codes into your paper, and he didn't have electricity/computer and using the library wouldn't be smart. he should have just not given them a manifesto
&gt; Kaczynski's brother David hired private investigator Susan Swanson in Chicago to investigate Ted's activities discreetly. David later hired Washington, D.C. attorney Tony Bisceglie to organize the evidence &gt;In February 1996, Bisceglie gave a copy of the 1971 essay written by Ted Kaczynski to Molly Flynn at the FBI.
no the profiler i mentioned in the previous sentence
technically his brother didn't. He hired an investigator lawyer to look into it, and they handed stuff to the FBI
Difference in skipping the T and saying "Whad-ur" I'm from the Poconos, couple hours north of philly, and a waitress in D.C. (couple hours south of philly) recognized it when i asked for water in a bar.
Maybe don't call it that... spider-man: Home for the Holidays!
I do when texting because its the only thing you can do
Well in the mini series about this, the profiler had a tough time convincing people, and they had to proof it was scientific for evidence. The idea existed sure, but if the series was accurate in this part, it wasn't common or proven out much.
I think it was more important than the bombings, he wanted attention to get his manifesto out there.
could include him picking up trash, or the gay pride parade picture too
Correction, peak seasons are 22 years+ old. Premiered December '89, or 30 years ago, seasons 2-8 are a national treasure. However... Good episodes existed afterwards like season 9 had; Simpsons Gene, NRA, NYC, Lord of the flies, and even Marge becoming a real estate agent But the higher you go from here, the worse it gets.
Hanabi too, I've had this same idea half written down for years. Always wanted to do this
Itt: people think an embryo is a baby
1: you drive me crazy? You tease me something? 2: my treat. 3: shake that ass. 4: plug and play. 5: No flake out? 6: slide on over. 7: cut it out. 8: stop slam dancing? 9: believe it or not. 10: your flys down (upside cap). 11: ~~??? Stick to half for greater?~~ stick to Mickey's for a great time!
Drive me crazy? Best I could come up with
A. Typo, forgot the "r"? B. "Ch-Ice-y" was 'close enough' C. They're messing w/ us?
2nd vid is the same person w/o the filter
When i bought my last house i told the agent not to show me anything where comcast was the only option. I wanted choices. ( I have 3 options and cheap internet thanks to it! My last house had a small company that comcast bought out and it got worse every month)
MacGruber is the only one that excites me (Best SNL movie) Sad their taking 'how to train your dragon' &amp; Office from netflix. I'll check out saved by the bell out of curiosity eventually
I swore that used to be a rule here
on a 6, i dont like to punish too bad. The spell works, they appear to be barrels, and act like everything is fine ... for now. But they first people they come across shudder and children scream. They have 'barrel skin' and look like wooden puppets. They'll need to track someone down to help them with this magical aliment and all have -1 charisma (scarred) until they do.
punishing 'too bad' and whatever was shaking the trees i would keep it going, like i said, if they succeeded. reveal it, whatever it was, and maybe it can still sniff them out, but they get a chance to strike first while its confused. but this opens up for your optional req: &gt;Whatever happens, try to make this move the start of something bigger (the first in a chain of events that if left unresolved for a time, will be catastrophic. I.e. a Front).
I think its just an art project and not a 'real' park like Mills End. if it was... kinda lame to steal the idea and a major landmark and make a park 1.5"/0.04m smaller until another goes smaller and smaller and then its all meaningless.
they fund a new park .25m^2 They assume its a quarter mile but its meters thanks to the cheaper Canadian contractors reading of the blueprints. Ron Swanson is simultaneously pissed at using the metric system, but ecstatic over the failure of government funds. "didn't the price throw you off?" Leslie: "They said it would cost 100 loonies, how do you negotiate with that!"
that was a long time ago, but its on the wiki linked: &gt;In March 2013, the park's tree was stolen. Officials planted a replacement tree, and one day later, a passerby found what appeared to be the stolen tree lying next to the new one
sorry i googled for you and didn't know it was stolen a second time
Dogfish head has a [low cal ipa "slightly mighty"](https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/64/387571/) that's pretty good under 100 calories and guinness is relatively low cal too
https://www.standupamerica.com/
Im told you need the 1 expansion and it makes a huge difference
has a cool single player story mode
So it the Attorney General's Dad, [Donald Barr](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Barr) &gt;headmaster at the Dalton School in New York City... During his time at Dalton, Barr is alleged to have had a role in hiring Jeffrey Epstein as a math teacher despite Epstein having dropped out of college and being only 21 years old at the time. It has been noted that Epstein's crimes are similar to the plot of Barr's novel Space Relations from 1973 &amp; &gt;Barr published [Space Relations.](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/qvgpm3/epstein-truthers-are-obsessed-with-a-sci-fi-book-about-child-sex-slavery-written-by-bill-barrs-dad) The book is highly unsettling and depicts the rape of enslaved people, especially teenage girls, and other coercive sex acts for the dual purposes of entertainment and controlled procreation.
No this was a new group, 4E just came out, some people w/ only basic video game experience like morrowind/oblivion (i think that was the culprit) I pre made some characters and had minis. She picked Halfling rogue. went pretty far before we realized, even through combat, i think it was just 'jumping on a horse' when i was like .... how?
yeah if we beat them to it, that would hurt. they're voting on it this year!
Disney also released remakes of Dumbo and Lady&amp; the Tramp (disney+) this year as well.
I like this analogy the best. You know the guitar string is in there somewhere, but to find out exactly where you're going to have to stick your finger there and prevent its next move. Except the guitar string IS really in physical places moving. While the electron ... isn't
This released in Japan before the lion King remake, making it the first animated remake of an animation before lion King did it
My experience with non gamers: Mini: Love letter/no thanks. Deduction: Skulls/bang dice/coup. Group/party: Codenames/resistance. Worker placement/theme: viticulture. Strategy: ticket to Ride/splendor. Dice: zombie dice/Martian/chupacabra. Single player: onirim/deep space d6. 2 player:. Hive/patchwork/jaipur. Kids:. Outfoxed/sleeping Queens. Co-op: Pandemic(s)/forbidden island.
Jaipur and splendor (what the other guy mentioned) both have good apps maybe try those first, and great way to learn
That's quantom physics. its why its 'its own' physics. When you get to the really small, it doesn't work like things in 'normal physics' do. Why its so fun. Look at the double split experiment as an example of this confusion, and to help explain how an electron is just a 'cloud'/Wobbly guitar string.... until you 'touch' it. https://www.google.com/search?q=double+slit+experiment
TL;DR "We can't say guilty... but he's not innocent" &gt;And in a second volume, the report describes the results and analysis of our obstruction of justice investigation involving the president. ... President cannot be charged with a federal crime while he is in office. ... Even if the charge is kept under seal and hidden from public view, that too is prohibited ... Charging the president with a crime was, therefore, not an option we could consider ... We did not make a determination as to whether the president did commit a crime ... if we had had confidence that the President clearly did not commit a crime, we would have said so.
&gt; disinformation campaign example?
it aint free We pay taxes already, this is actually using them.
no the disinformation part?
Capitalism did. It used the government to restrict access to the cable itself. You could go like [third world, w/ no government](https://i.imgur.com/NhebE.jpg) Or like a lot of Europe, where the citizens/people/government owns the cell phone towers/utility poles. Our current system sucks, i say we go more like europe, for the people.
Post office? I tried sending family packages for the holidays from UPS since it was open later and they wanted $150.. I went to USPS and it was like $50. Public schools? Even if you paid out of pocket. Garbage for me if we count local government. My city switched to private garbage, contract out your own company.... Way to expensive and we switched back after 2 years. Healthcare if you include over 90% of analysts if the U.S. switched or look at every other country that does it.
Watch the last few seconds, they're not round balls, they're like fat wheels that are weighted it seems. why it "falls over" at the end.
Maybe for a kids version or one shots w/o too much leveling? nice work, and very well thought and organized.
he knew he had it as soon as he let go, fist pump and all.
Ok smart ass, lets not call it anything then. im tired of arguing syntax, lets talk semantics. Whatever it is... that we do w/ public schools, libraries, highways, police and firefighters ... and that other developed nations do too. But do better and more of. Lets do that. The math checks out, and it works in practice too. (Uk switched to national health service like 70 years ago and loves it? Canada too? couple dozen other countries?) "But Venezuala! Soviet Union!" - Yes they had government issues and other problems, and is apples/oranges. Every other developed nation can do it, and we're the richest and can't? We're more like the UK/Canada and they are doing fine. You seem to just repeat shill propaganda from business marketing groups that are trying to keep their monopolies.
These things aren't meant to make a profit, how much profit did your police force make last year? Your public school? We paid taxes, about $27/per person for that last year.... its like amazon prime. We all chipped in, so we would have a cheap and efficient way to send mail. (and have police, military, highways, schools that aren't supposed to make a profit) Funny you mention it... [but Bernie has a plan to help the post office too](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/10/bernie-sanders-lets-turn-post-offices-into-banks/411589/), and eliminate predatory check cashing/pay day loan business
1) Im not. Public schools co exist w/ private schools, you can still higher your own Private investigator/security, You can shop at barnes &amp; nobles or go to the library. 2) Private monopolies are about making money/profit. Its especially bad when its things people can't live w/o.
Man i really need to get Scythe
You're missing a big step... this wouldn't exist on its own, capitalism and government were needed... but it didn't happen in other developed nations. it didn't become a monopoly as soon as the government restricted access. It shouldn't have done that, and should do what Europe does, but it also shouldn't let them buy every competitor out there and make it a monopoly. Capitalistic greed used the government for the opposite of what it was intended. Don't get rid of the government, fix that, and it fixes the monopoly.
&gt; USPS was going bankrupt until either FedEx or ups came around and innovated technology and supply chain. USPS copied them Source? cause google can't find anything on that. its true its going bankrupt, but because they're less relevant w/ technology. You could argue to replace them w/ public internet? to &gt;I can’t think of one thing that is run by the government and is cheaper and more efficient the post office is a perfect answer. Its extremely efficient and well run and its job isn't to make profits.. its a public service that the public isn't using as much. Public schools, police, also don't make profits. Heres a good article on how good the post office is, and why its still going bankrupt and maybe we don't need it anymore (and was the first article that came up when i googled your {seems to be made up} statement) https://www.forbes.com/sites/adamhartung/2011/12/06/why-the-postal-service-is-going-out-of-business/#485f75d74317
I think they wrote 10,000,000 correctly.... And then meant to put 10 candles followed by the word million to say it again. I think
does it have the humor of Portal? best part imo
That's how they work when correctly installed. This way, it pumps heat inside, and then blows cold air out
No it's not... Cooking is number 1 I think portable heaters is 2, depends on how you group it. .# 1 fire death is falling asleep while smoking
yeah came here for this... is that why she got it? what else does 7 rings mean?
Think Dr Strange, creates weapons w/ magic. Its main move, their hands become fire (either aflame, or hot, or like holding lava rocks)... They are really hot and dangerous (can get PC in trouble) unless they roll well and choose to do something about it. They have the option to * make it a hand weapon (instead of touch, think sword vs brass nuckles?) * make it fireballs a la Mario * Increase damage * Not make it dangerous anymore (say its no longer dripping w/ lava, or radiating super heat that could burn down the place, just go lighter w/ fails going forward) they get to pick 0, 1, 2 of these depending on how they roll when conjuring a weapon. they can attack w/ it 3 times (3 fireballs or 3 punches, or 3 sword strikes until the flames die down and have to try again) if they get hit, and the HP reduction is odd, they can add 1d4 to it... (fun narrative options here, how does this look/work? Rage increases the fire?) does that help? the rest seem obvious enough unless you have any specifics.
anything not already its own item. Like they can't pull rations, or potions out of there... they're listed separately. and in theory... shouldn't be more expensive than the gear cost. in general: Rope/chain/leather straps, Climbing spikes, torch, flint box, frying pan/cooking gear, blanket... its one of those. its single use or multi-use if it fits the narrative. You could say 1 use is a rope, but now they have a rope and 4 more uses/unknown (yet) items. If the rope is used up/left/breaks. its gone. But if they just use it to secure a load, and untie it when they get into town... then they keep it. Is it 30 ft of heavy rope to hold 1-2 persons body weight? or 300 ft of twine to lay traps, or find their way back out of the labyrinth? If they want a small cooking knife, so be it, it'll cut rope, but wont really count as a much of a weapon. IMO
Thanks, sorry i just reread my title to clarify... not asking if i should 'reject' the campaign. But asking for experience in running a campaign of 'rejects'. I got a good list of examples from someone. thanks,
Thanks, sorry i just reread my title to clarify... not asking if i should 'reject' the campaign. But asking for experience in running a campaign of 'rejects'. I got a good list of examples from someone. thanks,
Thanks, sorry i just reread my title to clarify... not asking if i should 'reject' the campaign. But asking for experience in running a campaign of 'rejects'. I got a good list of examples from someone. thanks,
Lost in space is teh 'most' sci fi... but just an ok show. Stranger things is half sci/fi half fantasy? Witcher is fantasy... idk.
Forgetting the 12 HBO options too
What are you watching on it
I have a 1x4 (can be mounted either way) and a 2x4
Small world is still (5 years since playing it) my least favorite modern board game. What do you think of Scythe?
Sorry i mean it was 2 things : &gt; we don't need 1:[to rehash old jokes] 2:[facebook posts]? this is why i left facebook a decade ago. This is the kinda shit my GOP family would fill facebook w/ but about Obama. But here we have actual dumb things trump does, why do we need to pull this shit?
I haven't. I have plenty of 'meh' games i'll probably never play again (a lot of nice looking ones from kickstarter), but if someone wanted to, i would pull it out. But small world.. our group would often roll their eyes or groan when we played. We'd shuffle up the deck.... and there would be 1 great combo... and a bunch of meh ones... and we all knew whoever was first would get it... and win... and we just packed it away and never pulled it out again after feeling like that way too often.
what do the hearts mean under their names?
yeah ... or its just a game. or 'failing in guitar hero' is a way to practice the song 'in guitar hero'. Mr Daniels didn't practice it or fuck up ever?
yeah the 'scuttlebutt'/water cooler talk at work "What episode you on?" -'i think 4?' - "oh im not that far, i just saw the butler die" -...oh wait, i didnt see that yet... Also being able to 'digest' what happened, and talk about it afterwards w/ SO. Or people binging it in 1 night and having to avoid the internet for the week while you try to keep up and balance your life.
&gt; or a way to practice the song He didn't want people to 'fail' but that's what practicing is (at beating the game/not actually playing guitar/fiddle) if that wasn't obvious.
Ditto, whats' funny is when im actually trying to take a screenshot, i use the 3 finger swipe down method, and never use the button combo unless by accident (all the time).
For Reference: &gt;Herculean Appetites Others may content themselves with just a taste of wine, or dominion over a servant or two, but you want more. Choose two appetites. While pursuing one of your appetites if you would roll for a move, instead of rolling 2d6 you roll 1d6+1d8. If the d6 is the higher die of the pair, the GM will also introduce a complication or danger that comes about due to your heedless pursuits. [ ] Pure destruction [ ] Power over others [ ] Mortal pleasures [ ] Conquest [ ] Riches and property [ ] Fame and glory So its d6+d8, they get a small boost, BUT theres an extra chance of something bad happening.... I see nothing wrong w/ letting them do this for every hack &amp; Slash... but i would prep some dangers/complications. Or just when fighting bosses/large hordes if your group wants. Whats an example complication/danger you would use? explain that to the player and see if they want it every time.
Owners could still donate to them, they pulled this in the past when they stopped donating to a hate group.. but then donated to a different group that still donated to that hate group. &gt;Prior to 2012, Chick-fil-A made significant donations to right-wing groups with a history of anti-LGBTQ work through the WinShape Foundation. For example, in 2010, Chick-fil-A donated $247,500 to the NCF through WinShape. &gt;Chick-fil-A stopped making donations to almost all controversial groups after facing backlash in 2012, when CEO Dan Cathy said he did not support same-sex marriage. &gt;https://www.businessinsider.com/chick-fil-a-backlash-as-expands-into-uk-2019-10
&gt; actively oppose gay rights in multiple African countries. And the smear campaign/propaganda they spread, [caused a mob to kill a gay activist](https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/10/15/uganda-brutal-killing-gay-activist)
Edit: You guys really love that chicken huh? ignorance (and chicken sammies) is bliss &gt; Chick-fil-a never donated money to anti-gay ..They donated money to organizations that were ideologically opposed to gay marriage but not actively opposed.. Look harder? Chick-fil-a donated (no longer) to National Christian Foundation, [almost a quarter million](https://www.businessinsider.com/heres-how-much-money-chick-fil-a-gives-to-anti-gay-groups-2012-7?r=US&amp;IR=T) [Who is just a middle man who donates those funds to hate groups](https://readsludge.com/2019/03/19/americas-biggest-christian-charity-funnels-tens-of-millions-to-hate-groups/) &gt;NCF is probably the single biggest source of money fueling the pro-life and anti-LGBT movements over the past 15 years.
Anyone compare to the [marvel LCG](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/285774/marvel-champions-card-game), which is ranked lower, but rated better? or even the LotR one still going strong a decade later? Never done a LCG but appeals to me as someone who enjoyed MTG 20 years ago, but hated the cost/pay to win.
thanks, and to confirm my understanding of LCG vs Deck building (like Dominion) is Dominion you deck build during the game, start fresh each time. LCG is more like MTG, where you spend time building a deck before playing?
I love me some Lovecraft... but i have bad luck w/ this publisher who seems to have a large hold on it. 10 years ago a friend in my old group tried to bring Arkham Horror out, and the 4 of us learn together how to play... it went horribly and he sold it ( i still want to give it a go) I got Elder signs as a lighter version with dice!... I swear to god the dice kill me. Ironic w/ the sanity them of the game, but i'll have 24 dice rolls total, and just need a single scroll and wont get it. I thought i was playing wrong and got the app and still haven't beat it, googled "tips" and its just people saying how easy the game is but i just get the shittiest rolls where theres a single digit % change i'll fail... and i'll still fail. now i have kids, and don't play complex games too often, so i think i'll keep an eye on this, and expansions for future years when my kids get older and am leaning toward marvel for now..
So Atom initially mean 'un divisible' thinking we found what everything is made up of, then we got sub atomic particles that make up atoms, and now elementary particles that make those up.... is there any chance we haven't hit the bottom yet? or are we confident this is the smallest/most fundamental it gets? thanks,
&gt; in the air fryer until skin is crispy at what temp for about how long?
Everyones talking bone in/skin on right?
So you're saying "chick-fil-a maybe didn't know where there money was going" So your just going to ignore all the protesters and world wide news telling chick-fil-a this, and having repeated issues w/ it for a decade?
wait, maybe stupid questions, but are those windows? what's 'inside' the arch?
Trump also, in the same sentence, called it lies. Its both lies, and classified national security.
Under what ticket? to run in 4 years as a democrat, something bad would have to happen to the next Democrat President, who would normally run for reelection.
thanks, had no idea anyone could go in, i always thought it was just a solid statue.
Someone clearly didn't read what their involvement was
Do you agree with their "only 2 player" statement, but then he acted like more than 1 other player would be present?
Anything stopping them from adding an expansion that has a story book mode like Arkham?
Any chance of them doing a bundle in a few years? or a complete collection when its all done in a decade? I feel like i would love this, but just not now w/ 3 little kids and no time... worried about being able to find all of this in a few years
Is there mechanic/instruction improvements in Legacy? do you see yourself every playing OG once legacy is complete? Could you just play the non legacy chapters of legacy first? or its those 13, and then you can play the other couple dozen? thanks,
Can you play legacy edition w/o doing the legacy stuff yet? like save the 13 chapters and play the others first? are there any scenarios you can only play in OG, and not in legacy? thanks,
Thanks, i actually found some reviews of them.. the dice are nice, but apparently they suffer the same problem a different way.. the wheels can be too easy to move or bump. Also suffer from not being able to see the 'track' to know how much life is left. And a 'quick' fix for the sliders, is just put tape down, and the are now tight enough to not budge.
We have 3 little ones, and we often do a weekly movie night and im enjoying watching the rocketeer, sandlot, Honey i shrunk the kids w/ them. They're also digging it on their own. worth the $4/month so far.
&gt; I actually love it with three the most, With 1 base game or 2?
I played the original ~10 years ago when it was out of print and hard to get. Only got 1 chance at it and enjoyed it.
Jeremy does good work. Tuscany expansion for viticulture is top notch
How many 16hp dragons is that?
They're are a lot of great single player/solitaire tabeltop(card/board/dice) games. [Onirim](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/71836/onirim) is a solitaire like card game but the box comes w/ 'expansions' to play it differently (Simplified example: wild cards, extra suits, dead cards you can't discard.) And you can combine multiple different ones and play hundreds of different ways. They have a whole series of these types of mini single player games called the Oniverse (and you can play them 2 player if you want) AND theres an app to play the base game +1 expansion for free, and 2 more for $2 each. But if you want a story? You can play Co op games and just control 2 or more players. Pandemic legacy, Arkham/Eldritch Horror or Living card game, Marvel has one too that's less story based. But its kind of like 'choose your own adventure' but depending if you win or loose, it tells you where to go. (Also there are 'choose your own adventure games as well') Lots of great board games have apps w/ AI, or even a 'campaign' mode to play different scenarios.
Introduce new friends to RPGs? Just tell them its "D&amp;D" (that's what i do when i play dungeon world, i say this is D&amp;D 1.0, theres less math, its a little easier to set up and play)
I love superb owls, but will be playing D&amp;D during the super bowl.
i dont get it, what does mitt gain from this?
So if they succeed, is it doing damage or just distracting them and they have to run through the prison until they find a weapon? ? And maybe not kill, but if ranger and thief throw rocks, it could def harm the guard, and the fighter could finish them off
i like the tag, but i just mean if rocks worked exactly like arrows/daggers (which they have limited numbers and can be lost on 7-9 and you have to buy more) why not just throw rocks and not worry about 7-9s
to clarify it is a slave mining pit and there was just an earthquake. I plan to let them slowly find more improvised weapons until they get to the boss. So i think they'll find plenty of good rocks, after the guard they'll get a pickaxe and decide who gets that, then find some chisels as throwing dagger replacements etc but was curious how to handle unarmed combat as a narrative idea and didn't like that it was identical to armed combat.
So how do you handle a party of 4 unarmed, out of the prison, just defy danger, running away until they find weapons? (i.e. give them stuff) I was hoping to have improvising opportunities with this idea
To clarify, I didn't say auto win. I said easy win, if you can get that setup, it's a go to move with new players and works a lot until they shift their strategy and focus on defense to stop it. Edit: its like the 'fools mate' in chess. If you ignore it, i'll win in a couple moves. Not hard to defend, but you still need to defend it and ties up maybe some of your better pieces or at the least, messes w/ your strategy. I have played online and have a good record. Works great against expert AI on the hive app too
feel like we need a snarky response from ryan reynolds on the deadpool shirt.
that was my first guess, its for girls only?
Showing $20 for me
smartphones w/ decent cameras in the last decade has made a huge difference
I enjoy the action i just wish the T button wasn't for everything... its hard to sometimes put the guns in the holster, or accidentally switch hands not a fan of the climbing parts, just a big too much of it. also the story parts drag on a bit much, wish there was something to do during the 'story scenes', i usually take the helmet off during these bits.
I just bought a gun, not for a fear of our army, but fear of trumps cult. if he tweeted for them to block polling places (for example) they would do it in a heartbeat.
i thought this was a low effort joke. but i watched the video and those are literal quotes.... GD.. How does he still have anyone voting for this guy? I'm glad its dropping but how is it not effectively 0? The only response used to be the economy... and now we lost that, a failed pandemic response and a national crisis where he doubles down on idiocy...
can we mock him for not resigning? "Trumps too scared to resign! TRIPLE DOG DARE YA"
I think it's the audio that matters, another person on the ground saying they can't breath and the cops response
yeah its crazy it came out in 1940, he was making it just as the war was starting. year or 2 before the US joins.
Could be short [Telegraph poles](https://www.telegraphpoleappreciationsociety.org/images/userImages/graemefisher/shortpole1.jpg) next to a railroad or something
Actual body camera 100% rules would be nice
" we should all March to the governor's mansion... So I can go to bed.." In all seriousness, it's to show solidarity, but it should be followed with real action too
yeah a grenade lands at your feet and doesn't go off...
Theres also been an attack on journalists.. good thing they're not journalists either..
um pause at 0:04 seconds.. the dude has a big red cross on his back that's carrying the kid and a medical bag on his hip.
how the fuck is that lion[ in that picture](https://www.clickorlando.com/resizer/N95cmmvy_1XhmhnLl9guZgu7VJQ=/1280x720/smart/filters:format\(jpeg\):strip_exif\(true\):strip_icc\(true\):no_upscale\(true\):quality\(65\)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gmg/5IR7QL7A3JCW3CKPVVZO66ZUNY.jpg) not escaping the tomato cage its in? I have laundry baskets that would be harder to break out of...
Yeah I figured that... But still looks easy to break out of if the lion is in it
You're not fucking curious, troll. fuck off Oh yeah fucking release him cause he said the password. That's you. That's what you sound like.
Did you not know everyone can look at your comment history? Also it's not possible someone could have that idiotic of a thought, and pull enough brain cells to type it. So either a troll because your racist, or have inadequacies in real life you try to make up with online. Look outside, it's you and a couple of fellow douchebags against the world. Enough is enough, change is coming. Blocked.
yeah if im there, and i see this... what can i do about it? if i was there when floyd was dying, and new what was about to happen... i'd still be helpless
Best barber i had was when i lived in clinton... but that guy was EXTREME right ex marine and it was hard to have a conversation with him.... but he was fast and cheap and good at it.
there was a PC game in 97 and 99 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJu4IjHjQvY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Olm8b9OMrUg Better off posting in /r/tipofmytongue or /r/HelpMeFind
and if they haven't figured it out... they're about to lose their union, and protection and get a paycut because of things their colleges did while they didn't speak up and instead, protected them.. yet country wide, they're doubling down on the brutality and the silence and non of the 'good apples' are saying 'dude stop, your going to get us fired'. (also its wrong. You swore an oath, you should have spoke up because thats what your job is) Shout out to the towns and departments protesting with, or aiding protesters and de-escalating the situations calmly and peacefully.
...look outside?
b/c its not outdated, hes posting it because even though its old, its still relevant... which is the whole point of all the protests outside.. How dense are you? OPs title is reminding us that philly police have been abusing power "for years" and posted an old article **as proof**.
if he tweets his cult to show up w/ their guns again around polling places?
Haha yes. Not the middle east one. There's info in the side bar
So being 6' exactly is the magic number
I'd call it "powder keg"
Fucking have them here in PA... Not far from Gettysburg too..
Visited my brother in Oregon and heard horror stories. Dirty brewery with animals living above tanks, unclean. Shitty owner and how he treats his employees. But those pink Vodoo donut beers were the last straw ^^/s
Just Google it, there's more than 1 story. In short they pretend like their hiring someone. Then use all their ideas without pay.
Who ordered/approved them in the first place?!?
Just think if it was a post office worker... And not even excessive force. Just messing with people's mail (looking in it, stealing it, throwing it out). If they were caught on camera? Edit. [fired, fined and face jail time](https://www.nbc12.com/story/37658862/postal-workers-plead-guilty-to-throwing-mail-away/)
What's with these suspensions? If a postal worker threw out someone's mail, think they'd be suspended?
If they just threw out junk mail... That's it. They would be [fired, fined and face jail time](https://www.nbc12.com/story/37658862/postal-workers-plead-guilty-to-throwing-mail-away/).
I didn't think Trump could rally the military behind him... But I forgot we militarized the police. They don't have the high standards and training and don't seem to follow orders...
So funny story. In college at Bloomsburg we were at a party and met some exchange students from Germany, Sweden, England etc. They were here for 1 semester and my roommate hooked up with this 1 Jewish girl from the party with a bit of a lisp(sounded like homestar runner) who was from Bethlehem... He thought she was from the middle east and an exchange student too.. no idea there was one in this state... And she had an 'accent'
So they follow the money and are ex military. The under qualified/over armed police still scare me more. They're proving right now that a lot are just looking for an excuse/racist/sheep. We may be on to American civil war 2
Easy and flat? 8 mile rail trail in hellertown. Difficult and views? Appalachian trail. Bake oven knob is not far
&gt; written many generations after the accounts in the Bible ... So..like.. the rest of the Bible? Old and new testament. At best, 1 gospel of Jesus has a 70 year gap after his birth. And none written by eye witnesses. So someone who was a teenager at his birth... And was there. was pushing 90 when the first written and was around to tell about it? Or it also was written generations later. Other scholars say a much bigger gap, and then there's the rest of the Bible...
He died around 30 CE. So not even 2k years ago. Was supposedly born around ~2,018 years ago Earliest Parts of the new testament are thought to be written 70-100+ years after he was born
Wiki still says earliest estimate is 40 years after his death. So the last part of the gospel has a small chance of an adult man still being alive to tell about a small part of the gospel... Using the smallest professional estimate that is. Others triple that at over 100 after he died.
And Paul/Saul never met Jesus
There's several. One right next to bake oven, or hawk mountain. General rule there's an intersection every x miles for resupply. PA is the half way point and infamous for it's rocky mountains and having to hike uphill with a full backpack after stocking. I have a guide book but I'm sure any map would help find some access points near you
I'm not in social media and I keep hearing about them after they happen near me ☹️. Glad it's finally taken seriously and we need leaders who will also take it seriously to make change
If not, like Trump, we just showed they can get away with anything. And it'll get worse. This needs to lead to change. Giving up will make things worse
I'm more concerned when there's a million man March and he tweets for violence and he tries to kill off his opponents voter base.
... this is awkward... It's " too stupid.." Normally I don't correct people, but when someone stupid is calling other people stupid...
My dad made one for our kids. Now that they're older I stained it and they play outside with it
Hell, I think it's more likely we go red again before green. But we'll see.
That's the one reason I think we stayed red too long. I'm fine with it, but I think it got to the point were people got rebellious and now will never want to go back. If everyone did a good job, and we could trust the populous, things would have been a lot different. But 2nd wave is coming
That was awesome. Immediately guessed it was ' are you afraid of the dark' but I'm having more fun watching commercials
"We've tried nothing and we're all outta ideas"
maybe some alternatives? https://billypenn.com/2016/10/27/what-to-drink-if-youre-giving-up-yuengling-because-trump/ idk if they still support trump or not
this infamous CS gas is what killed some of 76 people (25 being kids, 2 pregnant women) at Waco (texas "church" raid in '93). &gt;Autopsy photographs of other children locked in what appear to be spasmic death poses are consistent with cyanide poisoning, one of the results produced by burning CS gas https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waco_siege
It Says EE so it has some expansions. But i hope you can turn some off.... I haven't used all the expansions yet, but i still love the original and often prefer it, especially w/ new people (as the rules even say to play base game w/ new people) The expanded visitor cards and metal coins are nice. But i actually don't like the mama/papa thing since you basically can get fucked before the game even starts. e.g. ok i need to plant a vine and i didn't get a card w/ my mama.... I'll pick that as my start posiiton... Shit... i got a merlot that requires 2 structures for $5 lire... i'll draw 2 more vine cards... shit same thing... Ok i need to do tours and save money and build 2 structures... and its turn 3... and i still haven't planted a single vine and everyone else is making wine and prepping orders... in the original, everyone starts w/ the exact same vine card... either build a structure to plant it, draw another w your start position OR turn, use a visitor to help w/ either, save money by doing a tour and buy another worker... etc i like the idea that not everyone if fighting for the same thing in theory, but it was never a problem. The OG way everyone starts equal and you choose a strategy and weight the bonus/starting order decision. original viticulture is one of my favorite games and the theme lets me bring it to a lot of new people.
well for me, i wont really play it much. I have digital copies of some of my favorite games and have a couple hours in... 1% of the real life counterparts. But i'll buy them on sale. also the physical thing i can loan or trade or sell if i dont like it. and the preference of physical game at the table, no technology. Im also an app developer but im a full time employee making apps for companies and dont make games
Shes on the same level as the kardashians with me... wait didn't one of the kardashians get trump to release a black prisoner or something?
always a dilemma ... we spent a year converting things to silverlight. finally switched to core 2.2 when 3 comes out and changes everything.
Im 35... I have 30 years of memories and started coding (not counting html) on vb6 and C++ in 1999.... computers came along way in the last 30 years (when i started kindergarten, playing oregon trail/number munchers on apple II)... i can't fathom what programming will be like in 30 years when im (hopefully?!?) hitting retirement... I envy the old cobol developers that didn't have to learn anything new for their whole career when i worked at United Healthcare.
no more giving away free codes on reddit then? if i have the game already and then my console dies... i see this bundle on sale (or maybe just buying a 2nd console) and don't need it? i feel like that's where most of them come from, what if you already have the game.
refused why? Scared of protesters? Scared of recordings of them beating protesters? or Support movement and want them continue?
"Fry careful! hes bulging with what *could be* muscle!"
even w/ this video they can claim he had his hand on the officers weapon or something
My favorite worker placement game. Most similar to Lord of waterdeep. Theres shared limited resources and you have to constantly adjust your strategy. I tell people our grandfather died and he was starting a winery, we all get a small plot of land and share some of it and whoever gets the highest rating on their winery wins it all! so you can do tastings/tours for money, go bidding for more wind orders to choose from, plant/harvest/crush grapes, build a bigger wine cellar or irrigation etc.. but theres only X harvesters, if they are all busy w/ the other wineries, you'll need to work on something else. You could go first, but going later means you get bonuses like money or extra workers. then theres randomness, visitor cards like community chest, will give you a discount on building, or double your wine orders. but need to grow the right grapes and find the right order from people who want the wine your making. (e.g. you make Champaign but can only find orders for blush, or you need more red grapes, etc) everytime we're done playing, everyone always has their next couple moves already planed
The Chernobyl one w/ his son was what op was talking about, but the one before it, #4 w/ the DC helicopter had the some problem but i guess wasn't as bad
and the best seasons of Community.
Also the smartWater brand water bottles fit and work perfectly, last, and are cheap
&gt; You don't test a man's character when he's down on his luck. &gt;Give him power, and see what he does with it. So in other words, they're Dick's and can't get in trouble
Where are you from? big city? go hiking at hawk mountain, bake oven knob. Have kids? what do you like to do?
like i said when this started... they're probably loving the protests, they get their toys out, and they can't get in trouble.... but if we don't give up... this is a big headache for those on top and they can make the change.
unfortunately theres some things not available right now. Allentown is the third largest city in pa. Housed a lot of workers for the infamous bethlehem steel that made steel for the golden gate bridge and twin towers etc.... until it shut down and billy joel wrote 'allentown' song about it.. meanwhile they turned the steel mill into half casino, half arts center. Arts center has comedy acts, classic movie theater and bar. Also hosts oktoberfest, musikfest, etc. Lots of microbreweries in the area if you enjoy that, but again, covid, we just came off hard lock down on Friday in Northampton (bethlehem/easton) and Lehigh (allentown) counties. Why i mentioned hiking. The Apalachian Trail (from GA to MA) meets in the middle here, great hike and views i mentioned earlier. Couple cool comic shops that do magic tournaments and such, used to have an antique toy store that did D&amp;D, but now i mostly play w/ my kids so im out of the loop. Farmers markets, actual farms to visit. BeckysDI.com is a great drive in movie theater sucks a lot of festivels are not happening right now. One of the best AAA baseball parks too. if you had kids, we have our own zoo, crayola center, science center etc. there was a arcade bar that was in the middle of opening im not sure about anymore. disc golf is big here
This is so important to point out... you can just deflate them, even a nail in the tire can easily be plugged yourself, or "fix it flat" shit... Stabbing the side wall of a tire however is game over for the whole tire.... Stabbing it a dozen times is just to be spiteful pricks.
"whats the big deal? we make up shit all the time and its always worked before"
&gt; It’s always hyperbolic to compare modern situations to the nazis. I think hiding in a bunker was one of the last items on his checklist... in all seriousness, its not hyperbolic... nazi's did do stuff before the concentration camps, they didn't start w/ that. So its important to point out the stuff they did prior to warn of fascism and incoming concentration camps (which trump already started anyway) do people expect to wait until they're 100% the same thing and then we can call it nazis? (and they're flying the nazi flag for fuck sake!)
You actually need less than a quarter of popular vote to still win, less than a dozen states. https://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500112248/how-to-win-the-presidency-with-27-percent-of-the-popular-vote I know the link says 27 but they edited it
An apology for price dropping right after launch...I got Kmart to honor price before date so got best of both worlds
usually this means wait till this dies down and give him his job back when people forget.....
here in PA they're passing a resolution to prevent a future lockdown it seems.... (we just ended state wide stay at home order, and all counties downgrade to "yellow" phase last friday, it was just a dozen around philly that were still red based on #'s)
their response was they hold their employees to a moral code, and don't condone racist stuff and this dude apparently has a public facebook full of racist sheet people were tweeting at fedex
I spent time migrating to 2.2 core just as 3 came out and my God... What a headache. All that time and then 3 is completely different
thats all i remember from renting it 20+ years ago as a kid was the spin tops. my dad is nuts for the xmas story but he didn't love it and haven't seen it since.
... i think you need to re read it?
can't get in trouble for lies if you plead the 5th.... shouldn't work for police reports.
Guessing your auto correct was like " this guy says dicks so much I'm going to assume.."
I love the simple flush wall mount I got for my PS4..
we get flags like this off trucks up here in PA too... 1 house on main street **had** one...not sure if torn down or they took it down thou..
and my PS Moves from PS3 will see their third console generation then?
w/o reading article too, i was assuming it was A/C lights/power... maybe upgrade internet plan... but i too believe its a net gain for me w/ just gas/laundry
hey im happy if they work, but i expect new moves w/ analogs coming soon. im glad i bought a charging station for them in ps3 days so i don't have to keep a mini usb around
i just went to 6t from 3t last month... feels like very much the same phone with a few improvements and brand new... and affordable lke 3t was.
there was already lies about history, we're fixing that. here in American, so many people were surprised to find out columbus wasn't a good dude. We have statues/cities named for him. Fix the history books and tear down the statues.
It, and gow are tied as my top 2 this gen
you could interpret it that way, depends on how much you love your 3t (kept it this long haven't ya) So if you still love it, but its the speed/battery... well this is the same phone but new and with better everything, very easy transition
What about the lehigh valley.. allentown alone is bigger than harrisburg and erie (its the 3rd largest, right behind Philly/Pitt) and has a famous song.
No Scranton is not in Lehigh valley. It's between us and Poconos
/r/2healthbars
And hitchhikers guide!.... Which Artemis fowl authour wrote a sequel to btw
And star wars and everything except Harry Potter. They just need to clone Kevin feige and let him run everything
Another popular young adult series like Artemis and Harry Potter but got a crap movie
Oreos are often on sale where 2 are cheaper, and more Oreos, then family
And load the checkout lane how you want them bagged. Heavy hard items first....Frozen items together. Produce then fragile last. Then bagging is easy Edit: am I the only one who prefers to bag my own? I'm faster anyway
Usually there's enough room on the belt. I space out... So if there's a bunch of frozen stuff, it's in the middle. Them I can reach the bottom and put up front. Usually plenty of time while customer in front goes
Yeah produce last
I just bag. I tell them I got it, help someone else
You've got time to kill while waiting usually... Might as well make it efficient!
If you have room on the belt it's fine. Just load the frozen stuff on top of cart to middle/back to get to the heavy as the other person is paying
And this was the very first test...
My 6yo has trouble with it... 1) its easy to rotate the ball on accident, then pressing up doesn't go up when you don't realize its not level 2) The A button is pressing in the joystick... and its very easy to move and press at the same time, selecting the wrong thing...even i do it, but especially hard for a 1st grader. You do get Mew... and you do get to 'carry it around in your ball' but sucks as a controller.
No I mean like a floor trap, teleport out... You're not sure where, there's traps everywhere. So if you land in front of another trap.... Teleport again! (And maybe roll better). Just to use when you're not sure where is safe, do it's better to be able to land on your feet and able to teleport again
Cops are told by taser salesman that do the training to tase first, ask questions later ( it's increase sales!) But stats on taser deaths is alarming... It's not not lethal in a lot of cases...
Unless you have red card. I just use my debit card
Also her family said she has no history of having a gun, it's an open carry state so she would be allowed to, and she was on her way to work
It already exists on ps3 as a Hakuna Matata / Afrika (depending on region) obviously not pokemon, but African safari.. Used real Sony Alpha camera equipment and could get upgrades like a remote control car to get close to dangerous animals https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYlYfjHAa1Y
it was cool and accurate to a decade or so ago! still have my copy
I love the bit in arrested development where the car salesman explains why they discontinued it &gt; "Ford wanted to distance themselves from the whole 'fugitive on the run' imagery..... This is the new model 'the escape'!"
We've had first impeachment yes, but what about second impeachment?
I notice a subreddit turning to shit with reposts and low effort cross posts that barely fit. I try to post oc and get denied like 5 times and give up. "Your post didn't end in a question mark... Your post had the word "me" in it" your post wasn't long enough, your post wasn't tagged properly...
and half that do wear masks.... Don't have them covering their nose!!!!
also peacocking, stand out and get any response
for actual 5yo: If you have a shopping list to get 10 things, each 1 is checked off, but then you gotta wait a little extra to checkout. or sometimes a chore list has 10 chores and each chore might take a minute or two but some chores take a lot longer.
Remember, you don't die of a bullet, its what the bullet does to you. similar w/ the virus... it may effect the everyone differently, but theres still a way to die from it. https://www.nbcnewyork.com/investigations/kawasaki-disease-up-to-5-ny-children-dead-85-sickened-by-rare-covid-related-illness/2411571/
classic examples like people in the kitchen opening the microwave door while still cooking.. ...oorrr dismissing it as pigeon shit in the dish... but it turns out you discovered cosmic microwave background radiation from the big bang never know!
is that new or old ownership or doesn't matter?
great! election day next, replace columbus day
well its only a Tuesday thanks to Farmers, it should be a Sunday and a holiday
&gt;—but with the advent of the railroad and telegraph, Congress decided it was time to standardize a date. Monday was out, because it would require people to travel to the polls by buggy on the Sunday Sabbath.**Wednesday was also not an option, because it was market day, and farmers wouldn’t be able to make it to the polls. So it was decided that Tuesday would be the day that Americans would vote in elections**, and in 1845, Congress passed a law that presidential elections would be held on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/12901/why-are-elections-held-tuesdays
[Found pictures](https://toybook.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/BK_Crayola.jpg)
Thats closer than i thought, seems like the only thing wrong was the bench part. bench alone being the cheapest.
yeah i showed it to my adult group and they all forgot their primary colors and scratched their heads for a bit too long
yeah w/ the shadow in this pic the yellow is hard to see too, but the bottom is purple and green. I dont have fears about them overthinking it, especially the preschooler, coloring is her jam.
This is exactly how puzzles go with my adult campaign or when I interview developers for hire and they overthink everything :)
I hated it, but I hate the main writer and everything he does. His style is just to obfuscate a mediocre story. Confuses you into intrigue. Famous for doing it with Lost... Confuse you on purpose, but have no meat to back up the intrigue so it's always a let down. I know some people like him... But cowboys and aliens, Prometheus rewrite, world war z rewrite, Tomorrowland, leftovers... Some of these should have been successful, but you can tell which parts he wrote. Watchmen had potential... But I hate how he tells a story.. I'm guessing the other writer did the main storyboard
Exactly. Polar bears on an island!?! They were doing experiments on them.. Oh.. That's it? I only got a handful of episodes into leftovers and realized who wrote it but they were doing the same thing with a cult
Curious how many homes he has...
Effect is so small, it doesn't effect toilets. Toilets will spin whichever way the drain is pointed
That's the part Im guessing was the other writer
It has good moments, but he's a horrible story teller. There's another unknown writer....I think he wrote the main arc and they hired a veteran to fill it out. Just like they hired him to punch up Prometheus but if you listen to the commentary... He ruined it
What's wrong with Kobo readers? Id love to build one if these for fun, but Kobo makes great drm free open readers
Yum, chocolate covered... Watermelon ice...
I tell people all the time that it's happening next year and way too many people don't question it
Original inventor stopped using kola early on. Just wanted the caffeine and switched to pure caffeine but kept the cola name
Nothing to drain, just divert
I switched to dungeon world and spout lore is an amazing way to learn
Do you have a Dutch oven? Easy recipe by hand, no mixer needed.... Just need flour and yeast which are hard to find (And water, oil, salt. Assume you can find those) https://tasty.co/recipe/homemade-dutch-oven-bread
Then ring fit adventure is the new n95 mask
Same! Somehow she got the kids on father's day.. But I did a mini beef Wellington
all except 2... thats the most different one textually too. the rest have the "D" sound i can't escape
we aren't fully divorced but separated. so we don't have a full agreement worked out. She planned a trip to visit her family leaving 8am Sunday... "not realizing it was fathers day" for a week... (she was raised by a single mom, and her mom had off) so either it was an accident, or she did it on purpose to get at me.. either way the best move was to not let it. So i said that's fine and took the kids to my parents on Saturday and celebrated then. Left me w/ sunday alone to do some chores and make a beef wellington i've been wanting to try for a while. Kids are 2.5,4,6.5, we've had trial separations before, but we just announced it was official that we're divorcing earlier this year but Covid has made things interesting. with kids so young, it'll be a slow process anyway. if you're still reading, we are separating because 1) she lied about a bunch of stuff 2) She became a different person when we started having kids got real hippy (essential oils cure everything, toothpaste and candles are poison, we need to only use pink himalayan salt) Got into Pyramid schemes with other moms and stopped taking her ADHD medication 3) We started fighting about everything and 4) she tried to use the kids against me, so i said it was over
Really? I thought [anal was first base](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/gFoel).
Just got the kids on fathers day of all days. full custody? nah. Were in PA, so it can be tricky since shes female. But her family loves me and think im an excellent dad. (they used to joke they would keep me in a divorce...) Her family has a history of bad men. They sent me condolences when we announced... they would disown her if she tried to take the kids from me. part of the reason to separate now is to do it while we can still have a discussion. So i think 50/50 shouldn't be a problem. I do all the cooking, cleaning and work around the house and make 6 figures while she was a stay at home mom while trying to start her own business (which i funded and supported)
Take their patrol cars away. Walk the beat in the heat.
It may take an episode or two to catch on, but its great. one you realize how self aware it is, and they can make fun of themselves, its gold. Insane how i was watching it same time as last season of GoT and thought how much better the character development and 'transition' was believable.
Mind Field please
"These cooked bananas are great" -They're plantains "In America, we call them bananas"
And even less people know, don't [throw flour on it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64Ej0sQveT8) smother it with baking soda or salt or something else but really get a kitchen fire extinguisher
&gt; Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe It might have been Einstein, but its a weird origin https://quoteinvestigator.com/2010/05/04/universe-einstein/
0:53 i count 17 screws... later someone is going to use a stud finder and lose their mind
thought maybe augmented reality app or something...
about the most you can be tattooed and still look like you have no tattoos at work
And point out that American isn't naming things after racists anymore. So Trump, while president, won't ever get a road named after him
I didn't know any of them were from Easton, so today I learned.
It's not having it in the pool. It's having it at all and then getting in the pool
whats "21 not 20" about?
&gt;You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites Some of those that work forces are the same that burn crosses. [Killing in the name - RATM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PjrF-dDtj0)
and hershey...invented chocolate...? no way this is real.
Preorder now for $50 too Or get the $20 one and an unofficial case. That's what I've been doing for years
Google link https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=4614040639053382794&amp;hl=en_US
Nice. Is that Max load in the box and you just keep track?
I was going to say pets.com, remember that fiasco?
Sueing for deformation.... That she's not a Karen...
Got it. So a 2wt armor would just take up 2 boxes. What about xp. Don't you need 8-16 boxes to keep track of (when your lvl9 next level is current lvl plus 7xp)
I wish it had pull down to refresh like chrome...
Was also my second and third thought
I thought he was already in jail!?
I like hiking with a purpose. To a view or camp.
I remember for U3 they had beta for multiplayer I was in and the colors weren't good for colorblind. They got their feedback and asked for more examples like that and got tons. So I guess they took it seriously
How old? My 4yo didn't make it when I turned off the lantern
What is the medical excuse to not wear one... But to be at an amusement park without virus fear? Medical excuse from grocery store sure... But maybe there shouldn't be an exception from Hershey during a pandemic
Dive in movie theaters? The zoo maybe? Not sure since... You know..
&gt; I'll be going there....mask free. wait so why aren't you wearing one? And the food thing has been answered already.. you just sit separate following guidelines, and then eat w/ the mask off like at restaurants and lastly the the friend with PTSD misses the point.. its an amusement park... maybe instead of increasing risk/endangering lives, it seems selfish to say "I'm important enough i get to go w/o one rather than stay home... even though i may be sneezing on things " If you have it, and someone brings it home or to work and starts a chain killing people that you started... you wouldn't feel at all guilty for not doing such a simple, small request?
&gt;the combination of my parents’ concern and the collateral of a co-worker who was operating with the head writer were enough to have me forcibly kept there. So yeah there was something there... and then maybe i see parts of it in his random rant later.. &gt;How can a show like SNL, for example, be a satire when they can’t even criticize their boss. Every few episodes they bring their boss, Lorne Michaels, on to do some wooden bit in a North Korean expression of dick-sucking. It’s embarrassing. Lorne sucks, is a republican, and these so-called “cool” and “edgy” comedians like head writer of SNL Michael Che who write these bits for him are embarrassing too. How is it edgy and cool to be a rich “writer” who says nothing of critical relevance to the society? How do you justify what seems to me to be the utter decadence and egotism of standup for instance thinking their carefully memorized thoughts on airplanes and pot somehow make them “cool”. And then they work for Republicans. edit, wow immediately downvoted as soon as i hit submit?
Paris is city of love (and city of lights) Venice is city of bridges/floating city/ city of water
&gt; I"m not wearing one because ... then don't go to a crowded amusement park &gt;So are you for wearing a mask in flu season? If so, why haven't you been wearing one all these years then? No, i follow guidelines and get the flu shot. there is no shot for this, its much deadlier, and more contagious with longer incubation. Do you not where a seat belt because its itchy? At least there you only putting yourself in danger. &gt;If I had a health condition, I wouldn't be going out Why i stated that you could infect a healthy person who then passes is it down. Im not saying immune compromised are going to be there. They should stay home as much as possible too. &gt;who is being selfish? You. Try to keep up. &gt;I always have a drink or am snacking on something so...... hate me if you want reads: "I can't be bothered with a mild inconvenience to save lives" &gt;I'm not a sheep. The numbers are inflated and I don't trust them. so the whole thing is a hoax? or its still 6 figures of death, but not as high as they say...? and because of that you aren't willing to help? or you're spoiled, and you'll sheepishly take any reason that aligns with your selfish interests. "hmpf, i dont want to wear a mask... oooo this conspiracy theorist says numbers are inflated... that means i can not wear one and claim im a freedom fighter!"
yeah im 6ft and a fit 180.. on the border of 'overweight' according to BMI easier to let loose than builk up 20 lbs
Im copying and pasting your own words. Can't handle a mirror? You'll be the reason everyone will have to stay home again soon. You're being a selfish Karen. Your ability to eat nachos while standing in line is the more important than anything else in the world
this is why the 2nd wave is always worse
[Reminds me of when homer cooks](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d4/6d/9e/d46d9ed8bf872bdb81e41e15ea17a05f.gif)
Trying to get my in laws to explore beyond Uno and Scrabble and brought pandemic out... Same problem. Game over on first turn...
Its somewhat poorly worded. the mayan dollors referes to the price tag. not the payment or the change. "it costs $3 mayan dollars, which exchanges to $9USD.. since you gave me $10, heres $1 USD change..."
yeah they do it because it works.
they don't exist
the scammer is stating that it costs $3 mayan for it, which equals $9 USD. so you only get $1USD back.
since already answered well, i'll add another advice that often confuses people. So no matter what, its hands turn into dangerous fire. So like brass knuckles, you'll need to get close... but depending on roll/choice.. you could focus it into a fire sword (hand weapon), or fireballs to throw, make it not dangerous, etc. what does this mean? if they don't add 'close', then they need to get close (depends on situation) if they don't remove 'dangerous' then opens up a failed roll w/ it for a disaster.
also, at least where i live, you're supposed to get off the bike and walk crosswalks.
Same problem w/ log cabins. My uncle had one built and they had to pre drill and run conduit as it was being built.
i guess i shouldn't use the word close when there is an option called "close", but this is why people get tripped up on it. Edited. To reiterate, by default its "hand" (like brass knuckles) but can be turned into "close" like a sword. What this means is you have to get "closer" w/ **hand** in the narrative then you do w/ **close**. Hand: Its useful for attacking something within your reach, no further Close: Its useful for attacking something at arms reach, plus a feet or two Reach: Its useful for attacking something several feet away - maybe as far as ten Near: Its useful for attacking if you can see the whites of their eyes Far: Its useful for attacking something in shouting distance
I used to play this imaginary skateboarder that would just jump and grind on all the stuff in the window and this would add to that experience.
