the "normalization phase" always with force -yuri bezmenov
frontline has fallen a long.. long... way what a joke
take yer g'damn updoot....
i just heard it said recently that rosa parks actually has some association with communism...??
they know
"I am the Good Shepherd...."
i wish REPUBLICANS would fight exactly HOW MANY elections have been outright stolen right beneath our noses...??
buy a small number of guns - standardize on ammunition...
as VDH says.. from Berkeley down to San Diego, a ten mile swath along the ocean - that's what rules CA
they pay between $13-17k each to be carried in to america ----- that's a LOT of money in mexico - why don't they use that money to start a business and get ahead in life??
imagine if patriots showed up carrying...
i googled that phrase - yep, he actually said that...
the mill of just grinds slowly - but fine indeed...
i don't think so - i think the authorities would come down on them like a ton of bricks ------ they give a pass to leftists
for weeks ----- maybe even through the next election!
plot twist: THEY own the communications infrastructure - HOW are you going to plan? nothing is in secret - they can see everything you're saying.... you: oh, didn't think of that (hurrr-durrrrrr)
yep ----- and if there ever was a "one world govt" or we got rid of all borders (whatever) then there would never be any "war" technically - it would all just be little police actions or putting down riots etc a-ha! never thought of that didya??
"this isn't going very well for you is it" LOLOL
how's it done?
yep.... "THIS"
guns germs &amp; steel
ohhhhhhh.. that makes sense
could NOT bring myself to jump into that water - just didn't look sanitary....
really japan? wtf?!?
you ding skippy
but.. did you know by entering WWI Wilson caused communism in russia?? yep - because germany didn't want two fronts, and their western front was ramping up with US entry, they funded a little political movement called the bolsheviks that would cause instability in russia and keep them occupied with a revolution hmmm.. funny how that worked out in the long run huh
seconded ------ what is GRIDS??
......AAAAAAND "account suspended"
......AAAAAAND "account suspended"
......and now chooses to live his life as a gay man
compare this with the national socialist german workers' party....
(psst! its babylon bee - check'em out...)
prima facie evidence... Russian collusion!!
reagan
waiting for an indictment... waiting for an arrest... waiting for a perp walk.............
obama ----- got that mussolini pose mastered...
obama ----- that mussolini pose...
"...because they wanna to fuck em"
"cuz you'd be in jail"
oxygen (o2) high in the atmosphere - somewhat rare - always cool in a pic : )
no - it shows up in post-processing later...
nice
she held very LEFTIST economic views (that was part of the reason ppl voted for macron)
I hope zuck gets FFFFFFFUCKED!
fuck you! getting anybodys labor FOR FREE for ANY REASON.... IS THEFT
TIL... 49% of Republicans are cucks
I don't get it in all my pics - I want it, but I don't get it - you must live in an area with favorable conditions
INVASION (ftfy)
europe makes its bed - europe can lie in it...
yeah no - you'd think it works that way - but it doesn't... : / \#DemocratPriviledge
that's how they roll - they're playing for keeps for ALL the marbles we could take a lesson (or two)
"its" kek
AND... the dems are in the majority - they hold sway on committees, chairmen, etc ---- absolutely NOTHING will come of this
just did this yesterday ----- got two bowls saran-wrapped in my fridge right now: white meat and dark meat : )
this is great (....meanwhile, downvotes from /redacted proving this very point)
THANK YOU
"termination" can't wait for God to "terminate" her
someone found the saturation slider : )
goddam
RETWEET ---- https://twitter.com/JacobAWohl/status/1071465698289799168
" direct democracy at all levels" formula to fail at all levels....
"stop resisting!"
obama... "i did that" (( psst! trump got in office and IMMEDIATELY started reversing all of zero's policies - but obama "did that" yeah righttttt ))
THANK YOU!
ahhhhh.. makes sense ------ never understood why JFK would pair up with the likes of LBJ - geez, America - way to go! (not)
SERIOUSLY?!?
man.. that guy! his very NAME must be offensive to snowflakes.......
we need a whistleblower who "knows where the bodies are buried" or maybe set up a reward...
excellent idea
good
yeah - you don't hear sirens or anything do you?
i love him! he fights!!
THIS is why i voted for him!!
he fights!!
schumer getting taken to the woodshed this post... "SAVED"
the STATE is the biggest con game in the world... FTFY
GOOGLE IS EVIL ...
i was just looking at that! is that some new kind of "symbol"?
credit u/postmauldirtbath https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/a5ck2e/meme_template/ error! here's the one... https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/a5d8kz/chuck_schumer_getting_screamed_at_by_president/ u/maga_trump_curse ( both are great! )
LOL
oh damn...
demonic
goddam...
so much for this idea he was playing the deepstate because he was so brilliant....
You mean Flynn didn’t get the Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin kid-gloves treatment??
good! the sooner they hit rock bottom and come to their senses the better
yep!! https://youtu.be/wHu0R_L_z9I
he's been on the outside looking in his whole life - wishing those in charge would show some backbone - now he's got his chance and he's EXECUTING so alpha...
muller - this guy's a liar! lock him up!! also muller - this guy's spilling the beans on trump - listen to him!! the public - but.. he's a liar muller - ...
"one of these things is not like the others..."
kek
shopped
facts don't care about your feelings
"ending immigration" is a right wing issue - its not a socialist issue, socialists WANT open borders/mass immigration
i dont' know what nazis have to do with immigration - conservatives in this country pretty much want to end immigration
what does the article say? I'm not clicking - don't want to give them the traffic..
thx
fuck the union
recuse!
liberals basically consider the govt/IRS their own personal GoFundMe service
...OLD piece of shit
it appears @manny_ottowa is banned from twitter : /
whoa! no.. i wasn't searching on google - i typed his username into the twitter search box! it returned other ppl referencing him - but not him! not only that - but you can't click on his name in tweets where he's referenced weird.. .spez. search results.. https://twitter.com/search?q=manny_ottowa&amp;src=typd
nah.. bruce wayne ----- billionaire taking matters in to his own hands
their crowds are always...... "bigger"
marijuana is an illicit drug and should be (and remain) ILLEGAL
HAHAHAAAA!
I don't believe it - we'll hear next year or in five years google is still working with the PRC to surveille and monitor their people - google is authoritarian and collectivist and China is the model that the globalist elites want for America
cannot unsee...
what the actual.....
federal judge in hawaii.... issues injunction against russia
i honestly don't know what to think about judge sullivan right now
"all of a sudden"
this
so what the hell was he saying today??
you ding skippy
sickening
if only....
God bless him...
the truth: the police are cowards simple as that no other explanation needed (or desired) all of law enforcement and judiciary are dishonorable cowards
somehow we've gotta work the "muh parties switched" narrative into this - i'm sure if we put enough PhDs on it we can get it done
yeah but.. soft : /
no light-grey ---- cull this one...
AN ANALOGY... its like a smoker going to the doctor for lung cancer - and the doctor says "don't stop smoking, in fact smoke more! DOUBLE the cigarettes you smoke every day!" the goal is a cancer-free patient, but of course the patient dies the doctor then comes back and says... "but see, that wasn't REAL 'health care' because the patient was never actually cancer free!" (see that? "it wasn't REAL communism!") yeah well you did everything in your power to KILL THE PATIENT that's how leftists think - we'll get rid of govt by adding govt absurd! the communist ideal, the end-state of communism... is a state-less society - yet, if you notice... all they do is advocate for MORE GOVT! credit: stefan molyneux https://youtu.be/6EIk0rgbxmQ
we should let low-IQ law-breaking savages in to our country and set them free to take jobs from our poor, bring in diseases that we eradicated decades ago, subsist from the public trough and rape and murder innocent american citizens . just like Jesus would have wanted
"pray" for her?? after her part in the slaughter of HOW MANY millions of unborn innocent american babies?? are you REALLY sure God is going to hear that prayer?? REALLY?!?
you wanna go there? you wanna go?? fine.... . the lord, the lord a god merciful, and gracious, slow to anger, and abounding in steadfast love - and faithfulness . keeping steadfast love for the thousandth generation, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, yet BY NO MEANS CLEARING THE GUILTY . but visiting the iniquity of the parents upon the children and the children's children, to the third and the fourth (ex 34) ... see, you want to believe in god - fine but whatever you believe, believe on the god revealed in scripture - ALL of scripture - not just the cherry-picked "nice" blond-haired blue-eyed cool surfer dude jesus that you "like" to imagine is reality recall: the number one topic jesus talked about during his time here on earth was..... "hell" reality is defined by GOD - not by "you" and whatever view you have of god - must be informed by HIM by ALL of the scriptures, rightly divided - not just what "tickles your ears" even for you christians, if you continue to sin after you've heard such a great salvation, what am i to say then? is there another sacrifice? no but there remains a certain FEAR OF JUDGEMENT . hmmmmmmmmm god IN NO WAY clears the guilty at the same time that he offers free and complete absolution and forgiveness and love and compassion but for those who refuse his free offer........... i'm sorry, but they have nothing "good" to expect from god - only his wrath and curse which is justly deserved . "come at me bro"
you're confused, simple minded, ignorant and lack understanding i'm done here
4D chess... kek wills it
\#WeekendAtBernies just sayin...
i'm sending negative prayers to cancel yours out... https://youtu.be/jU6WJIqa9Ks?t=122 no, seriously - fck her and i hope she goes straight to hell - the sooner the better too! the blood of MILLIONS of innocent american babies are on her hands - and she does not repent - not even in the slightest...
one way or another (sadly) that's probably going to happen whether we like it or not... : /
\*shrug\*
don't the british have a saying? "where there's muck there's green?" or money? or.. ?? or i think i've even heard "where there's shit there's grass" basically there's money to be made in hard times to which the american coal industry says... "we're right here for ya baby!" : )
paul repented - RBG....... has not you literally couldn't find a better example of apples and oranges they are exact polar opposites - my point stands on firm ground you could say... a Rock
I heard it first in Wales two years ago visiting a friend - we had to wait for all these (smelly) cows to cross the road and he said that phrase :)
interesting perspective... spez: and agreed on afghanistan
nah.. on this one i'm kinda cheering for pain ?? yknow.. cuz she kinda had a hand in the INSANE PAIN inflicted on so many millions and millions of innocent unborn americans so yeah.. a little pain for her? i'll allow it...
so.. i'm curious - what do you think - is her outlook dire? should trump be opening the supreme court candidate file cabinet??
that picture's awesome!!
yeah.. this is classic - i know what we're watching for christmas : )) "which way all the white women go??"
well.. i'd say 1+1=2 the two kinda go hand in hand...
he is a cagefighter exactly. what. we. need.
such a great saying anyone else get the idea it deserves to be presented in a much better format ??
i guess i'm libertarian then...
exactly ----- if its not "essential" then why do we have it??
\*sighhh\*
yesss
ignoramus
oh shit! she deleted her tweet!! spez -- she blocked me (that's how we know we're doing it right)
...and THEN she can enter in to what the bible calls "torments" ( spez --- she doesn't have pancreatic - spoke w a Dr i know - pancreatic doesn't lay dormant for 5-10 years then comes back - it kills you straight up in 3-4 max - RBG has something else... )
this is a first for me - i'm super happy - and also very humbled pageTWO - https://imgur.com/IK5X8nV pageTHREE - https://imgur.com/MG3PLUc he doesn't have a reddit acct let alone a t_D acct but i told him about us and he's interested in joining - so when he gets on, i'll post another thread and y'all can welcome him aboard yes - he gave the "go ahead" to post this message
yeah.. "good" girl too..............
amen! they were indigent/homeless/on the road/displaced BECAUSE OF THE GOVT!
this - this message needs to be out there
That whole Washington Crossing the Delaware thing in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve - that too.....
oh wow - did not know that
"...and God saw that it was good. And from the crew of Apollo 8, we close with good night, good luck, a Merry Christmas and God bless all of you - all of you on the good Earth" Astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and Bill Anders ref: https://youtu.be/6vvNxhlP1jA
he's working - dems are not let that sink in
fascinating (why downvoted to zero?? I bumped you back up to "1")
get woke go broke - libs ruining yet another entertainment franchise - everything libs touch turns to shit
but look at him! he'll make a beeeeeeeeeeeautiful wyman
\#NoBias
must be off for Christmas...
I think that's already the case
heh!
RETWEET --- https://twitter.com/danney_williams/status/1077606805331677188
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/shaunking/status/1064130739732660224
interns must be on duty
i got one while stationed on a carrier - if you're cool with the SUPPO, sometimes things go your way :) its a flight jacket - actually comes in a (surprisingly) little box
haven't heard much from him lately...
one word...... "non essential" (( we can do this forever!! ))
this hurts THEM farrrrr more than it hurts us
BOOM
there are winter and summer flight jackets - summer are heavier than a windbreaker - I believe its fire retardant nomex - they start out hard, soften with age/use
class action??
so class action............
in kind contributions
its a case of the 95% are ruining it for the other 5%
SOURCE --- https://twitter.com/C_3C_3/status/916418703188811776
which is to say... "the media" when its 95% you don't need to qualify it by saying "fake"
good point
what did I miss? what did I miss? how did this meme start??
thx
dude has a righteous "REEEEEEEEEEE" the dude set records - dogs all over town were howling - soy does that too you (also not reaching puberty) https://youtu.be/F8y3c_zwCPg (fun starts at 2:50 - mobile so can't get direct link)
\#DoMyBidding
love it!!
fucboi!
heheh!
wait - WUT? ppl are afraid to call out for pizza?? what's this all about??
Garrison piece must include.. fucboi and tranny-man, Schumer and prolapsed-pelosi, caravans and euro "immigrants" etc
weird...
probably right - wouldn't put it past them...
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/mitchellvii/status/1040972080760741888
me too
I'd say they're accomplices - what are the sentencing guidelines for accomplices??
this is golden - RETWEET ---- https://twitter.com/SergeyKhvatov/status/1045744003264720896
AN ANALOGY... its like a smoker going to the doctor for lung cancer - and the doctor says "don't stop smoking, in fact smoke more! DOUBLE the cigarettes you smoke every day!" the goal is a cancer-free patient, but of course the patient dies the doctor then comes back and says... "but see, that wasn't REAL 'health care' because the patient was never actually cancer free!" (see that? "it wasn't REAL communism!") yeah well you did everything in your power to KILL THE PATIENT that's how leftists think - we'll get rid of govt... BY ADDING MORE GOVT! pure absurdity the communist ideal, the end-state of communism... is a state-less society - yet, if you notice... all they do is advocate for MORE GOVT! credit: stefan molyneux https://youtu.be/6EIk0rgbxmQ
that tweet must be deleted
well that's what they say ----- its just a pipe dream the "communists" themselves are the worst "evil capitalists" that they strawman on the west pure projection at its finest but if you read marx and engels et al, that's what they hold out as "hope" to the masses - to motivate and activate them yes - lies
damn...
no freakin way.........
the air force gets the hottest chicks \#ChangeMyMind
had to pay $57 for "special tailoring" yeah.. i believe it lol https://www.instagram.com/p/BknWRyeBQ96/
forgot..."do my bidding" : D
virgin vaper... has camel toe
yassssssss!
huh snowflakes.... : / (( psst! "people" are also allergic to (wait for it...) PEANUTS! they're called PUSSIES ))
uhm... interpretation for those who don't speak california legal code??
"fucboi" heh!
tax them too
i'm sad to say (i'm actually SCARED to say) we won't get any real change on this sanctuary city issue until more law enforcement are killed : ( see, these ppl ARE in so-called sanctuary cities - but when you kill a police officer, they have surprisingly little mercy or recognition of "sanctuary" status also.. maybe they can beat the rap, but they can't beat the ride...
righteous ----- so i'd say they were'nt "accomplices" they're accessories after the fact
i'm sad to say (i'm actually SCARED to say) we won't get any real change on this sanctuary city issue until more law enforcement are killed : ( see, these ppl ARE in so-called sanctuary cities - but when you kill a police officer, they have surprisingly little mercy or recognition of "sanctuary" status also.. maybe they can beat the rap, but they can't beat the ride...
so basically.. freezing pay for democrats --------- i approve! (the vaaaast majority of fed employees vote dem \#ChangeMyMind)
stop
get out (psst! i did!!)
warms the cockles of my heart
i was there - i left - my life is better
gingersnap fucboi
america.... : ( the WWII generation gave rise to the baby-boomers in the 50s and 60s - then they grew up to make the 70s... and here we are : (
"works"
go to "NEW" right now - and do your part for no particular reason at all...
classy
the cake guy refused to make a gay themed decoration - but was explicitly clear that they are free to purchase anything else that he offers - that was not the case in this vape store, they wouldn't serve him regardless
this is likely their FIRST attempt at obtaining a weapon - who here thinks they got denied then just threw up their hands and gave up?? yeah.. no ask yourself.. how many illegal aliens (mexicans, in this country) have firearms right now (and for what reason)
Maybe they do that too, sure - what I'm saying is they just go through back-channel means to obtain Firearms - back alley, under the table, Saturday night specials..
heh right on
take a pot shot....
BIGGEST. IDIOTS. IN. THE. COUNTRY.
dude lived "well done" minus ten percent
truly demonic
its the air force - once they're finished refurbing the golf course they'll get right to work on the runways and hangars....
https://twitter.com/RealSaavedra/status/1079869309910900736
link??
... and I don't have a problem with this one bit I'd rather that ship be named after a more honorable person my only concern is this will get the Streisand treatment - gaining sympathy for McStain
we've gone from anybody who disagrees with me is "literally hitler" to anybody I don't like is raycisssss!"
wait until they say hitler is racist - errrrr... racists are nazi uhmmmmm........?? I got it... milk drinking, cauliflower eating, nazi white Christian cis-male homophobic racist clowns!!
we need to get FL to declare abortion illegal - what would disney do then? move to NY?? ha! they'll change their tune real fast!!
needs more rainbow and minaret
rep!
yes! please!!
no more slippery slope - its Thelma and Louise all the way now!
the tend is left - SD city's govt is leftist - don't relax and think all is well, it is not
aka.. SPAMRAAM
I hear a lot from this Sperry guy - does any of it pan out??
jussie smollett ought to be in that line-up
and that's just a small stretch of land his long is the border??
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/SaraCarterDC/status/1135006103257976832
why a whole month? whatever happened to just a day?? who approves this shit??
anybody remember #CostaConcordia lol
nope
giddy up!!
already banned from there : /
underrated comment --- look what we were - look how far we have fallen - can we ever get back there??
also, it too often signals the initiation of violence --- this mayor is based
heh!
have a safe trip : )
he's serious!
: )
I approve
army.... pfft!
diversity hires
LOL
lol
Scat Francisco credit based kurt schlicter - https://townhall.com/columnists/kurtschlichter/2019/06/03/time-for-conservatives-to-get-ruthless-fighting-for-free-speech-n2547255
Scat Francisco - also works credit: https://townhall.com/columnists/kurtschlichter/2019/06/03/time-for-conservatives-to-get-ruthless-fighting-for-free-speech-n2547255
pic taken by a midget obvi
"yeah baby!" lol
balloon wars :)
and remember.. there are more Christians in China than Americans in America
leave it OP :)
"yeah baby!" lol
wowwwwww why in hell is anyone "celebrating" this perversion ??
let this be an example for the rest of the "resource officers" (what a f'd up name btw) if you're gonna accept that paycheck and benifits... you better spring into action when its your time to shine
tanks running over piles of people - soldiers firing into crowds - mass slaughter they washed pink sludge down gutters with fire hoses communism
looks like right next to the toilet paper aisle lol
the mobility scooter - perfect...
this depresses me
if you kill someone, you should die too
have you seen the havoc a woman can level against a family? how she can destroy a man? how they catfight amongst themselves? how they destroy their enemies EMOTIONALLY? yeah.. women are not pure virtuous angels
here's an unpopular opinion... "whinge" is not a word it is "whine"
rgr that - carry on...
yes - protesting the govt
NPCs
reprobate degenerates
damn good article
dude...
we've past the "slippery slope" phase - we're at the full on "Thelma &amp; Louise" phase ---- we're wayyyyy over the cliff...
please.... no
wow! you're doing great work
b-b-b-but... muh parties switched!
corporate vigilantism ----- this is nothing less
the same kind of people that populated the ranks of the Nazis also populate the ranks of the left today I'm convinced
I think Thelma and Louise that's what I think when I see this shit
the problem is... THEY GAVE US THIS SITUATION think about it - they gave rise to the baby boomers - the baby boomers gave us the 60s and 70s ------ WHAT THE HECK i can't find it now but Family Guy actually said this very thing - Peter says something about "the greatest generation - worst thing they ever did was give us the baby boomers" anyone got a link to that clip??
OUR toxic masculinity protects us from THEIR toxic masculinity
nope.. it is correct as written - notice the garden of eden - the serpent didn't approach the man, it approached the woman - there's a lesson here, if you want to destroy civilization, you go through the woman ------- leftism is all about feminism and womens rights and all that bullshit - the serpent is, once again, going through THE WOMAN to destroy civilization --------- what are homosexuals? MEN being converted to ersatz women or MEN using other men as... ersatz women
the next door... america and the next door.... western civilization as a whole and the next door after that.... all of humanity in general
and he is, too ----- just look at him such a...... "fig"
see yuri bezmenov on youtube (I'm actually surprised they've permitted it to remain online)
you KNOW he's stepping out...
token negros
colleges and universities churn out lil communists - the bright young communists then go to work at corporations - banks communications ISPs media........ and the corporations turn activist we NEED to kill the hydra that is the leftist education system or we will NEVER finally win - we'll just keep slaying commie after commie that gets dropped off the end of the k-12/post-sec conveyor belt
my goodness!!
2A isn't about hunting
that may very well be true - but there were very distinct structural differences between what the Nazis were proposing and political movements in Russia (read goebbels he's very clear) ---- in the west, we see two paradigms.. democracy and socialism (liberty and authoritarianism) - the Nazis saw three.. western democracy (France), the bolsheviks (Russia) and them - goebbels even went so far as to say that socialism only grows from the soil of democracy and you know what? look around... HE'S RIGHT! the Germans saw problems with both systems - and they were proposing solutions to avoid the pitfalls of both
most humans in history would be called racist bigoted homophobic Nazis by the left today
those eyes - those crazy eyes...
the greatest generation.... why did their kids rebel and plunge into drugs sex rock and roll abortion divorce leftism disorder and futility ???
epic
agreed ----- better yet, forget about college (unless you have specific interest in a field that requires higher education) and get a trade if your plan after HS is just...... "get a degree" i've got bad news for you...
oh now... i've gotta think about this - this is interesting have a well-deserved upvote i think there's a lot "right" about this approach on many levels
do you want people to "save" your post for later? because this is exactly how you get ppl to save your post
sig ftw
the wheels of justice grind slow - but fine indeed...
i hope damor wins millions and millions of dollars - a hundred million dollars lawsuit RAPE those damn pinko commie f*ggots!
i say put a hold on ALL immigration - for a good twenty years or so give us a chance to deport as many illegals we can - and those that have arrived LEGALLY, they need time to assimilate but yes.. in the meantime we build up our "removal forces," give them time to work and achieve good effects.... and make america AMERICA again https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1129338665216430080
+++
i don't always comb my hair - but when i do, i comb it with a balloon - bernie sanders
where does he come up with these crackpot ideas....
while i chuckle at the hell this man is going through, i can't help but think she's a full up gold-digging B*TCH ----- what the HELL has she ever done to deserve even the pre-nup amount?? "family" law ---- so much BS family court isn't even "court" completely unconstitutional
???
well done!
..the hell is going on??
of course its "presidential" he's the president everything he does is.... presidential
well said
doesn't sell it any more : (( I checked...
"I'm pretty sure ANY abortion isn't the Lord's work" FTFY
amen
yeah.. SHE colluded with the Russians
I actually don't mind if Congress literally DOES NOTHING
not a coincidence
dawg... READ IT "For my followers: my recent tweets are less for you than they are fir my pursuers. They are shots across the bow - leave me the fuck alone, or go down with the corruption you have embraced, because I will fucking bury you if you continue. Doubt me at your own fucking risk." https://twitter.com/officialmcafee
yessss
uhm.. "they're the same picture" those priests are homosexuals
classify perversion any way you want, far as I'm concerned if you are exploiting a male (minor or adult) by very definition, you're homosexual - homo = same they're the same sex? homosexual that is all - have a good day
SAUCE: https://twitter.com/BrianKolfage/status/1137553604607447040
tortillas!
needed - even if just bales of concertina wire as a temporary stopgap at first take a cue from the army!
now doubtful - what a great twitter! following...
slippery slope - its all hedonism you can't have "just" gay - it all goes downhill from there in fact, it started with man walking away from God, then man placing marriage under the jurisdiction of the state, divorce, abortion, the pill,, the sexual Revolution, feminism... and from there the further destruction of the family and civilization as a whole slippery slope elections have consequences "Above all else, guard your heart - for out of it flows the issues of life" true statement think about it
"Communism couldn't defeat the west on the battlefield, so they used Obama as a trojan horse to normalize marxist values and weaken the U.S....The plan called for nuclear war with North Korea, followed by a communist New World Order with Hillary at the helm. Trump saved the world." https://twitter.com/_realBlackTrump/status/1073200827756630018
true ----- men in europe are weak today because all the real men were killed in all the wars...
yeah.. you're kinda right (dammit)
a fucking stone COLD loser??
as they should also.. they're buying the F-35
and I have exactly zero problem with that (keep in mind, the entire business model for the -35 included several nations working together on it and exports to other nations - to keep the price per unit down)
https://twitter.com/Education4Libs/status/1138468431101980672
goddam --- in this old days people carved out idols - today they're animals...
how do I get in on this??
heartless
you gotta be freaking kidding me
I see it just fine
what's that URL?
he's resisting the redpill like a champ being (publicly) neutral may be key to him retaining credibility - he gets invites to left-wing media events etc he's done more to assist the right than many on the right
start with female board members
I could say that something here about the mods that would get me banned go ahead and imagine it....
heh! good synopsis (I watch him more than once daily)
for some reason he likes the Asian guy (forgot his name) and Gillibrand (?)
that's right
lol
savor their tears relish in their wailing
plus 11M compensatory damages the judge awarded the 11M first - then the jury awarded an additional 33M (not a lawyer - might have got all of this wrong! lol) could you imagine being that college and looking at your attorney after being absolutely destroyed like that? its like... what are we even paying you for??
Feb was five months ago - got any later "news" than that??
WHY are you patronizing that godless hedonistic degenerate service??
the original tweet... https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/1128765001223663617 took me about four seconds : /
report tech bias... https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/1128765001223663617
cannot tell if sarcastic or serious
top answer right here
yeah I stand against socialism in all its variations - it is founded on wholly evil principles, namely that some people should prosper from others labors - that is theft - its foundation is corrupt and doomed to failure, but not before first ruining people and causing strife vexation and misery "nein" to socialism
ps... "govt" has no business in altruism - its only aim is to protect citizens from foreign attack and secure our God given liberties period. dot. all else is tyranny theft and slavery
extortion what a heartless prick
"... The Lord saw that the wickedness of man was great on the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually "
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/GOPChairwoman/status/1140280412515831811
\#Pride
FOUNDING FATHERS
It's like abortion - it's a baby if I want it to be, it's not a baby if I don't want it to be no CONSISTENCY requested nor desired they're like 4 year olds... they just make up the rules as they go along the serpent knew it in a garden - if you want to destroy civilization, go through the woman women shouldn't be allowed within 100 miles of a position of authority with any kind of power or influence whatsoever - she can rule her own brood, and that is it
WE need to help us - if just Evangelical Christians got out and voted California would have not turned blue - forget about Catholics are Seventh-day Adventists or any other flavor of Christianity just evangelicals would have been sufficient to stave off the electoral fraud perpetrated on this republic - we are bringing this upon ourselves
smart girl!
upvote :)
"men" used to ----- remember, govt used to be the sole domain of men they might have been on to something "we" may have been duped somewhere along the line...... ??
lolol
lol
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/ScottPresler/status/1140983131169800192
lol
biden is just the designated fall guy - they know they won't win that's why they're pushing impeachment so much - cuz they know they don't gotta snowball's chance in hell in 2020
there's more people in line for the porta-potty at a trump rally than all the people in attendance at bernie biden warren harris beto rallies put together!
very very true
i think they were going to nuke NKorea (crisis) then hillary would be there to "normalize" i think that was the plan
wait... wtf is going on here??
disgusting
I don't see where auschwitz actually tweets to AOC https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/congress/auschwitz-memorial-tweets-to-aoc-tells-media-to-learn-about-the-holocaust
[ LIB PLANTATION ] --- Dinesh D'Souza - The five features liberals need in order to maintain their plantation Broken down and dilapidated and unsafe housing. Broken families. A high degree of violence required in order to hold the place together. Everybody gets a basic provision, but nobody gets ahead. Nihilism and despair. This is an intergenerational, ongoing, lasting way of life. https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/8eg9h7/lib_plantation_dinesh_dsouza_the_five_features/
11million - start at the double that and you'll be closer to the truth
all the colors? no, they lie ------ they're all actually BLACK
ORIG: https://twitter.com/NYCCHR/status/1140632331419574272
it was a leftist (an actor no less!) that shot lincoln
whoever wrote that? RESPECT well said
don't need to go to full blown war - but if they take pot-shots at tankers trying to transit the SOH, we gotta escort them and fire back if need be ---- we've done it before we can't let a tinhorn dictatorship mullah ayatolla crazy whackjob dictate to the rest of the world and squeeze shut a vitan global chokepoint
under-rated comment
SOURCE -- https://twitter.com/jsolomonReports/status/1141417746921644032
that's a good start - go on....
NOW do you understand... "ballot harvesting"??
joni eareckson tada ---- if you ever get the chance to hear her story... you need to spez: https://youtu.be/VVXJ8GyLgt0
it says 2 comments but i don't see any ----- shadow-banned??
what a prick
"gay rights!"
that's kinda WHY we use drones - so we kinda don't care as much when we lose one - we didn't lose a MAN
goddam that's a kickass lookin jet!!
relevant... https://youtu.be/1oAhCA8FZBU (( yeah its kinda long but.. its good - no apologies, the kid is talented ))
they got NO OPTIONS - they're playing every card they got and its not getting any progress relevant... https://youtu.be/1oAhCA8FZBU explains WHY they censor - and snowflakes' influences as they were growing up
yeah.. if you're DRAWING ON A PIECE OF PAPER........ "maybe" your ability to accurately discern a small aircraft's \*exact\* position may be in question ----- whaddya think??
need to REDUCE SPENDING too ----- gotta work both sides of the equation this bike lane thing is just ST00PID
break'em up - let the pieces fall where they may
yeah but it has ripple effects all over REGULAR PEOPLE LAND (ie.. the rest of the globe) unacceptable
WHY is biden "cheating" by employing fake twitter accts (bots)?? WHY won't the libs let biden win??
seems like you think i want all out war with iran - i don't all we have to do is.... \*IF\* iran is going to try to fuck with us - we just escort tankers and defend ourselves ----- nothing aggressive or offensive but don't get pushed around by a tinhorn dictator shithead (as you say very eloquently)
........except until you come upon trouble - then they split - they "monkey branch" to the next man don't you dare try to tell me how wonderful and blessed women are Men are most tempted when they're at the top - women are most tempted when their man is at the bottom and don't tell me that's not true https://youtu.be/4DfQhh7v2xA &lt; I just watched that yesterday - explains women to a tee NO PRINCIPLES - NO LOYALTY
trans.. pedo........ beastiality and necrophilia coming soon to a pervert near you!
.......or, they have an agenda they're smart - granted but they direct their energies to a perverted purpose
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/BreakingNLive/status/1141811489403265025
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/BreakingNLive/status/1142085276145205248
exactly
the free shit DRAWS THEM IN - attracts them 1965 immigration act - fulfilling its purpose (as another thread says)
i hope what you say is true...
400-ft radius ---- part 107 (but i doubt if this was done for commercial purposes)
thx for good explanation
you got it
she's gonna have a lot more gray hair before this is done...
RETWEET --- https://twitter.com/RealCandaceO/status/993524724163661825
what's so funny
what do you think she's doing? lying?? making this all up? seems like she's had a change of heart
ha! no kidding? hello internet stranger : ) lets be friends : ))
this needs to be a thing
no fkkg kidding
gawd fkkg dammit !!
honorable work - american heros
TRUMP: zero people killed LEFT: warmonger!!
yeah... not really trumps "type"
imagine what "he" will look like by his mid-20s like he's 40 i gauran-freaking-tee it
CPS has been called...... A LOT
east pacific? like... san clemente island? the channel islands? san nicklaus island?? heck, i'll even pay their ticket to catalina! or.. just send them alllllll the way - to california!! lol
OP --- basically she stayed married to the same man ("marriage" defined within faith-tradition) but LEGALLY married someone else to expedite (and fraudulently) assist him immigrate to america tim pool --- https://youtu.be/6HxD3QhBJG4 &lt;&lt; explained here, @DineshDSouza ( note - as tim pool explains, the guy is not necessarily her brother )
isn't that guy a convicted pedophile??
God works in mysterious ways - what is impossible for man, is possible for God - we need to hold him up in prayer, he needs it...
DDG is compromised - they are funding soros organizations https://youtu.be/-wePMUqnBn0 &lt;&lt; listen use qwant
--TheJoker
OP: https://youtu.be/_8Fs4hMKXwc
RETWEET --- https://twitter.com/BreitbartNews/status/1143146870333739009
all women - notice
two genders
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/JoMichigan1/status/1143500669443354626
she looks like SUPERWOMAN!
RETWEET --- https://twitter.com/i_p_a_1/status/1143361683710193665 search term... "@aoc national stage" (first return)
not just "location" i mean EVERYYYYYTHING you are doing - everything you type, every URL you see, every email txt and PDF... everything that happens on that cell phone... goolag is there
i'm not talking about "location" only i mean EVERYYYYYTHING you do - everything you type, every URL you see, every email txt and PDF... everything that happens on that cell phone... goolag is right there watching....
its like trying to stamp out a fire - but only making it spread more!
that's a good picture
whoa
she's just a gaffe machine!
her dad is cucked
lol
this is colorized - i like the black-only version : )
.
"match me"
that's a guilty "caught" look if i've ever seen one parents of the_donald... am i right??
ha! bernies a cuck!!
i've listened to it, in full, at least a half dozen times as well as evan sayet (spelled correctly) if you haven't listened to his vids, you should - before they're memory holed....
caption: i'm not saying it was aliens......
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/mitchellvii/status/1144698928777949184
catturd2 :))
consider how ignorant the average American is - by definition half of the population is dumber than that person (and yes a big "thank you" goes to the good Mr Carlin)
RETWEET - https://twitter.com/StefanMolyneux/status/1144445501749780480
no... no we haven't sadly
impeached
this speech is violence -pantyfa snowflake millennials everywhere
the mindset of the revolutionary.... https://www.theepochtimes.com/lenins-hero-nechayev-the-evilest-communist-who-ever-lived_2942654.html
this is right up there with yuri bezmenov, evan sayet, and michael moore's "fuck you" speech
no it doesn't - why do you say that
SOURCE - https://twitter.com/AndrewYang/status/1144647175726653440
works for me
oh.. are you on browser version? it has to do with being quarantined - they removed the special formatting we're used to - punishment for "wrong think" I'm on bacon reader (cell phone app) and I see it
I see 103 points
ah gotcha - total commitment - merciless
HWNDU!
nah he ded
...n died
power of the left hand
RETWEET -- https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/1145212985692119041
agreed! (anyone hear how his brother is doing??)
guns are not a problem
TIL - film was black and white in the 70s
lol - upvote :)
...and send Rosie O'Donnell to China
what freaking imbeciles
who IS that?!?
fly anyway identify and doxx the futher-muckers
gargling with a mouthful but just unable to swallow...
I only see one picture
