The joke is Auburn is West Georgia.
Honestly Larry Scott is the ACTIVISION Blizzard of sports.
I'm talking more about just being out of touch with fanbases and such.
Why would Tua get heat for that? That's what his parents did to him?
"We're going to bring out all the bells and whistles, but we aren't going to show those penalties." -CBS
No way Mich gets in over Alabama in that scenario.
He just twisted his ankle. He's fine.
So they blamed it on him taking his eyes off the ball. It had more to do with the fact he jumped. You don't jump to catch the ball in your chest. There's a weird effect that happens where your velocity jumping up and the ball coming down it causes it to bounce out of your chest. You just to use your hands only they are able to adsorb the impact of the ball better. So if you jump use hands not chest. Unless the ball falls perfectly into your hand basket it's bouncing off of you.
Lot of quick passes from Georgia this game.
What they're probably telling people is the LBers need to get into their drops quicker and take better angles. DBs need to expect the quick throw at this point because when we blitz we're getting to Fromm he's just taking the easy 5-8 yard throw. We've gotten a little lucky on the deep ball so far though. edit: basically I don't see Georgia continuing this unless they can hit the deep ball.
Looked like a cramp but it's too early to be cramping. That's kinda worrisome for Georgia fans.
There we go. Got off the dline and onto the lbers. We probably should do some more power run game stuff. Feel like we will have a better chance.
Yea the power game there is def our bread and butter this game. Our oline is way better than their front 7. Should be easy chunk plays all game. let the WRs calm down and then eat em up in the second half.
Has the offense become one dimensional since Milton went down or something? Don't feel like the game should be like this at this point. I expected a lot of points from Memphis but I didn't expect UCF to be sitting on 14.
Ah. Okay. Were they by the QB or other players?
Really feel like the Memphis RB should at least be invited to New York.
Did you even register I asked a question?
Honestly at this point. Let Georgia just keep driving. They aren't hitting us deep and they keep hitting underneath. It's whatever at this point. They're going to make mistakes eventually.
Okay but we can't let 2 yard routes get 10 yards. If they want to go underneath let em and get to your spot fast and make the tackle.
That's what I'm asking dude. Jesus christ I'm not watching the game.
At this point we need a turnover on defense.
Personally I haven't liked Tosh as a DC and I feel like this game is really exposing him and the weaknesses of our defense.
This game feels like the saints game so far.
That's what not having JK Scott feels like. They're on the 50. That sucks man.
That's terrible for us.
That's a TD.
CLEAR recovery in the end zone.
I'm going to be a pessimist but I don't think we should have scored that fast. We needed to not give Georgia a possession going into the half. If we make them go three and out though that's going to be the best thing for us.
Yea, but as others are saying you take the points if you get them.
Absolutely. In a perfect world though we take the full 4 minutes to score. But you take what you can get in a close game.
I know. I'm just saying a perfect world we take the full 4 minutes but the big momentum swing could help.
I really hate the sky cam on kick off. It's really bad at displacing the depth since it's so far away anyways.
"I'd just give him an A" That's gonna be a no from me.
I guess lol.
Probably a higher level course in Economics. Sounds like he's getting an econ major.
That's a block in the back by the TE...
This is fine. They're probably going to just take it into the half and we'll get the ball at half. It's not a big problem. Sucks but it's fine.
That's the second block in the back on this drive.
It's a one score game. We're fine.
Bad read by Harris there.
The offense HAS to get first downs. As poorly as the defense is playing in the box. The offense CANNOT let them start from the 50 every drive.
Really bad defensive call there.
We're getting fucking smashed. We don't want to play. If we did we wouldn't be 0/5 on 3rd down. We wouldn't be getting beat at almost every position. We're playing scared for the first time in a long time. This is pretty embarrassing. We aren't correcting errors. I'm not sure what's going on anymore. We continue to not seal the edge with lbers. We can't protect Tua. We continue to stop using the power run game. We can't catch the ball. It's bad from top to bottom right now. And georgia is having the game of their lives. At what point does Alabama players actually play. So far it looks like this might be the worst loss under saban.
If they treat him as a runner it's still holding because he basically tackles the WR.
I don't think I've ever see Alabama make this many mental errors since 2014.
If I was Georgia here I'd just go for it with a running play. I don't think we can stop them.
This drive is pretty important. If we don't score here i think it's pretty much over. Unless something drastically different defensively happens.
Maybe the ankle is effecting Tua more than we think. Once the DE swims over inside normally Tua would just slide to the left. And right now he's just backing up.
Yea Georiga has the perfect gameplan agianst our passing attacking right now. They know exactly how Tua plays. They're feasting.
Holy fuck EVERY SINGLE CRACK BACK HAS BEEN A BLCOK IN THE BACK FUCKING CALL IT!
That's not a clean block. You rhead has to be INFRONT of the defender or it's an illegal crack back.
They've legit blocked in the back every single crack back. I've been thinking the games been pretty clean except for those crack backs. EVERY ONE has been in the back.
Holding hasn't been an issue. It's been those illegal crack back blocks.
Yea that's what I'm saying. Is if they treat him by rules he's a runner (he gets horse collar calls and such) then it's still a flag because a defender can't hold a blocker. Idk. Bad pick up.
I hope next year we let Moses take over as the Mike. I feel Wilson is a much better Will lber (idk what we call them) but he just feels like a better player who can just run and make a play.
I mean we called short plays in the first half and our WRs just dropped everything. It's part of the reason the team just looks unmotivated to play.
Yea. I'll say though it's impressive UCF is still in the game w/o Milton. Not so impressive they've given up 41 points again...
You know I don't mind Gary too much he stays as neutral as possible. But why does he constantly talk about people's injuries?
I really don't like three passes in a row. Especially when we have run the ball we've almost always been extremely successful with it. Do what's working now not what's worked all year.
Georgia is looking to close this out. Defense need to be prepared.
Holy shit we've been so lucky on special teams today.
Tua is extremely fragile. It seems like unless he's clean he gets hurt in his legs somewhere.
I love how the tent is supposed to provide privacy and all they do is sit with like 15 cameras right there around the tent.
THat's targetting by #44
OH my god jalen hurts you beautiful son of a bitch.
Although we did get away with holding lol.
Please defense. You've been in bad positions on top of having terrible drives all game. If you're going to play out of your mind. THIS is the drive to do it.
Isn't that a delay of game penalty?
WHY do we have buggs defending swift?
CARTER COMES UP BIG BABY!
That's one of the worst calls I've ever seen...
If this game goes to OT we lose.
Poor Williams. He's been getting smacked in the throat and face all day.
Okay defense....we're relying on you again...we love you boys. This is what we've built our team on. Defense. You can do this.
Man I shouldn't be having heart attacks on extra points.
Tua was 100% coming into the game. And he was fine obviously until he got his other ankle rolled. I mean he was starting to carve up their secondary on a few drives.
Feel like Fields was supposed to throw that fake.
Thats a throw.
The clock didn't tick from the second that dude was wrapped up...lol
I can't believe it.
Wow. I love Jalen.
I don't think Tua wins the Heisman anymore, but I'm extremely happy with Jalen and this team's perseverance. Another good note. Tua is not in a boot. Meaning nothing was broken or torn. Meaning it's probably a really bad twist or sprain (I've had that almost exact injury took a while to recover) but it means he's probably good to go in the CFP. But I think Jalen looks a lot better than he's looked in the past. I think he was hitting the long balls. Which was his biggest weakness and honestly except for against Clemson I'm not worried about whos at QB. edit: I'll add I'm very happy with the team. We without a doubt didn't play our best game. Coaches had off game as well. Like Locksley stopping the power run game randomly. We've chunk em and then never use it again. We didn't even have any action off of it so I'm not sure what's going on there. Probably just not part of the game plan and inability to throw the game plan away when it wasn't working. It's probably why we went from barely moving the ball to killing em once Jalen came in and forced a gameplan change. Also Tosh had some really bad calls too. Getting our players into bad plays with blitz calls etc. Now on the players. We were absolutely abysmal. There was basically every time they went back to pass where the 4 dline wouldn't even pass rush they'd get walled off stand up and try to bat the ball down and you weren't going to do that to Fromm. So I feel like maybe we focused a lot on stopping the run, but we couldn't ever seal the edge. We'd have a stunt and the DE would get sealed off by the Tackle and so they'd just run around us. Or Moses was late to seal and the tackle got up on him. Or a lber was late to get to their drop. And I'm INSANELY worried about our special teams. Holy shit are we fucking bad at ST. Our punter can't punt the ball more than 50 yards from his punting position. So if we can get a few first downs we're good but if we're kicking from our own 30 we're fucked. Also our FG kicker is going to have like 4 kicks blocked if we play clemson. Those Dline are going to get hands up and block those low ass kicks holy shit it's like a HS kicker. Overall it was a really bad game almost top to bottom from Alabama, but we won. I'm happy with the change in performance in the 4th quarter. We did a lot better sealing tackling etc.
Oh okay lol. I see now. Yea there is quite a few ppl roasting his dad on twitter.
C'mon dude. That was CLEARLY a recovered TD.
I'm not sure what people are upset about with the refs. It was pretty obvious they were letting the teams play. There were a lot of missed illegal crack backs on Georgia and a lot of missed holding on Georgia on top of the missed calls on Alabama. They just didn't call anything basically all game. That's what people should be happy with. They were consistent. At least there won't be 2 SEC teams in the playoffs this year.
I'm not sure. He was hitting it until he got rolled up on. I think he's just sensitive below the waist. He gets rolled up a lot and it seems to nag him for a while. Not sensitive in a bad way I was the same way playing.
I was saying if we didn't score on that drive where we did score it was over.
Especially in a close come back performance from Georgia lol.
It took a year for me to get 100% after serious ankle sprain. I was 90% rather quickly. Like two weeks or so and I could easily play with tape but I had to change the tape at half time. Tua also seems to be weak/sensitive I'm not exactly sure how to put it but its easy to roll ankles and they hurt like hell knees are the same way and I'm the same way. We aren't weak below the waist but our joints are weak. So we'll really have to wait and see how he recovers. He has access to a lot better rehab so I hope he doesn't have the issues I had.
Says the guy projecting.
I hope you don't feel sorry for us either. i don't feel sorry for Texas tech being Texas Tech.
We're just gonna sweep those illegal crack backs under the rug real quick. Refs let the players play. You got away with way more shit.
Yea and I'm giving the team credit for that. That said there's a lot to be disappointed by in this game.
The best part is the play everyone is bitching about the PI. Christian Miller would've had a sack had they called the holding. The refs didn't make a lot of calls this game.
Think you're asking for a lawsuit in that scenario. The P5 teams basically all agreed on the CFP format.
Or we can just get rid of the playoffs because all it does is allow Alabama OU OSU Clemson etc a chance to keep winning the national championship. Edit: to give an idea were probably about to see Alabama Clemson for a 4th year in a row... Alabama has been in every one. Clemson has been in all but one. I think OU is in a similar boat.
It's a combination of factors with Nick saban.
There was a missed holding call that prevented a sack on that same play.
This has been posted and brought up for a few years now. It continues to be shut down by people saying that we get penalties in our favor when it matters. No point in really trying to discuss it when they keep moving goal posts.
The 3 illegal crack backs and the one block in the back. Y'all didn't get called for any of those.
Fury keeps doing the same movements over and over no way he doesn't have a tell.
So are the jabs more important or the few power punches that Wilder has been landing? Also Fury's ability to constantly dodge the power punches does that come into the decision on who wins a round?
Fury looks like he's a boxer from the 30s and 40s.
Man Fury's bruise really show how hard Wilder punches. He's barely landed shots this fight and he's all bruised up.
That was some good wholesome boxing.
I think the line between whats a PED and what's a supplement is probably pretty blurred at this point. Most athletes are probably taking quite a few supplements that absolutely give some advantage whether that is steroids or not is the question I guess.
The general rule of thumb as an Oline we used was if your hands are inside and you don't pull on jersey you're fine to grab jersey. It'd literally be impossible to block the Dline if you had to chicken wing or palms. The dline would just slide right off. So basically as a fan you should look for hands wrapped around the defender (this include things like the Oline basically close lining the defender, oline with hands around the waist, or oline grabbing outside the frame of the defender so like hands on the outside of his shoulder pads the last one they seem to look for if it's continuous if you just engage them and then readjust your hand you're fine but running a dude 5 yards down the field like that will get a flag), or obvious large tugs of jersey when the defender attempts to either disengage or run by.
Can you back that claim up? Can you show me where there is significant bias in rankings vs unbiased rankings.
The trend for those two rankings is that they are approximately ranked throughout the year. In fact those rankings typicall say some of the other SEC schools are actually not appropriately ranked and in fact too low. If you look at the composite throughout the year the only ranking that seems to be out of the ordinary is Florida. Otherwise year in and year out the computer polls tend to show there isn't a bias in favor of the SEC.
Your space bar seems to be working just fine.
My ass. I loved watching the absolute blood bath that was ole Miss game.
Why is this one allowed to stay up?
He has a history of letting scummy and shady people stay close or be directly involved with his football programs.
It's pretty incredible at how long saban has stayed at Alabama. I'm so insanely happy and it's crazy that I'm not sure when his ride ends. He's closing in on 70 so it's got to be close but it's possible we see him coaching well into his 70s.
Basically any team that's insanely talented on defense is going to be the most physical. Alabama, Michigan, LSU all basically play almost nothing but press man. Id be confident in saying Ohio State probably plays mostly press coverage. Maybe not press man. But if you've got talent at DB the best way to cover a WR is to press him at the line. If you're lacking talent at DB you're going to typically try to cover that with schemes. I believe Clemson plays a lot of pressure coverage as well. They might not be as talented at DB as these others listed but they've got talent and their dline is insane so if you can take a half second off the route for WRs the dline will get there in 2-3 seconds so basically they're trimming down the time they've got to run pass plays.
Well the suspense is killing me...how does 1-AA DO IT!
You're right. Upsets happen that's why people watch the sport. Nobody thinks purdue is better than Ohio State. This is also why most esports do double elimination paired with best of series. The more games you play the more likely you're going to find the best team. That said we can't do that on CFB.
It's the 2016 defense. That defense is comparable to the 2001 Miami team imo.
He's impossible to get good touch on him basically. Either you can't get a good grip on cloth in the run game or you can't get a good punch in pass pro because it's like your hands are slipping off of him.
shagging
I believe it's pretty much always been there. He's known about it since 1998 I believe.
I mean you can flip the same argument. That I'm really tired of hearing about big 12 offenses when they put up 6 points in the second half against an SEC defense. One half doesn't tell the whole story and I think it says something when one team adjusts and finishes out. OU had a similar issue against Clemson before as well. I think the offenses take the defenses off guard sometimes and put up a lot of points quickly but once adjustments are made there isn't a lot of adjustments an air raid offense can do so they're kinda stuck hoping the same thing will work again soon. Also it's a bit strange to say the SEC regularly gives up a lot of points and only point to a single game. There is a few other games you can point to but I'd also point to some that seem to show a different story as well.
Yea I'm not sure what to say anymore. Obviously sec defenses aren't trash and obviously big 12 offenses aren't trash either and obviously that's been the strength of each conference for a decade and change now. Maybe talk in less hyperbole and it'd be a bit more understandable what you're trying to get across.
Who's getting extra merit about their defense because they play in the SEC? The teams with elite defenses in the SEC have that backed up statistically just like the big 12s offenses are backed up statistically and with on field results.
How did UGA get extra merit last year because they were apart of the SEC? And I'm not downvoting you.
But that was just talk and it did end up meaning something. They ended up winning because of their defense.
You'd probably even be more disgusted by the Sam M. Walton college of Business and the JB Hunt Transport Services Inc. Center for Academic Excellence building or the Don Tyson Center for Agricultural Sciences building. I'm not sure why'd you do that though. The campus is really nice and the location is even nicer. And every campus has people you probably wouldn't like that have made donations to the university and gotten buildings and such named after them.
The fact that he's no where near Lamar Jackson's rushing ability and that's pretty disingenuous for Oklahoma fans to continuously compare him to Lamar Jackson when there's no comparison to be made.
ALL trends show the SEC is good. Recruiting rankings. On field performance, post season, rankings, computer rankings etc etc. At what point is it just accepted that the SEC is a dominate conference. Not to say just give up because other teams are very good. Teams like Ok St are very good, but I'd say there is a difference between the average SEC school and the rest of CFB and the top tier SEC schools.
Except the computer rankings disproportionately rank SEC teams as well. so there's no bias.
I'm saying he doesn't play in garbage time as in when were up 3-4 scores he's done. He puts the dagger in and then is pulled then the defense comes out and shuts the rest of the game out. He's missed a lot of the 3rd quarter as well.
That's pretty ridiculous considering he's one of the few analysts that don't have a clear bias.
No I'm not. And he's marginally ahead and that includes two really bad games from tua.
I have seen him play.
Because he doesn't...
You're the one turning this into a conversation like a 9 year old because you're nothing but condescending and an ass hole. There isn't much to say to you lol. That's why I'm not giving much in return because it's only ever met with hostility from you. Maybe try actually engaging in discussion rather than treating your opinions as facts and all others as delusions and you'll get better reactions next time. Especially in another teams sub.
Uhh...a subjective opinion like Kyler is just as good a runner as lamar Jackson isn't fact. That's exactly my point. And you continue to be condescending lol. You came here to troll not talk.
The play you linked OU doesn't substitute until 15ish seconds left on the play clock...what do you want?
&gt;pulling a safety out of the box for Henry That's a flat fucking lie.
I mean Calvin was good yes, but that doesn't change Henry was playing against loaded boxes. They cheated the safety over to Calvin's side and pulled the other safety into the box. It's what allowed Stewart so many one on ones. Maybe if you'd actually watched our games?
That's pretty dependent. If they are closer to Texas's side line in this video they probably make the sub and have 3-5 seconds to snap the ball but instead they're running ~2/3rds of the way across the field and trying to sub. And these are big guys and they shouldn't have to all out sprint either. I just think it's one of those things that if the offense wants to sub late you're going to pay the consequences.
If you'd read the article you could see him make a direct comparison to the SEC's weak basketball conference. He says that they have to schedule up and hard OOC to make up for their weak in conference schedule. Which is exactly what UCF should do but they refuse to do because they don't get Home and homes because they're under the delusion they are a "P6" conference.
&gt;At least one SEC team will always make the tourney That's because there are 64 spots. &gt;costing us 3 million dollars in revenue Can you actually quote that? Also neutral sight games are an option as well.
I don't think it's an incredibly stupid comparison because he's talking about the fringe cases of teams getting in. He specifically talks about how 1-2 teams would get in and they were looking to get MORE teams in. So they started scheduled harder OOC...that's exactly what he's saying UCF should do. Can you actually quote him...considering this is the break down from 2016-2017 2017 Ticket sales $4,458,254, Donations, $10,303,140 Rights/Licensing $10,733,983, Student fees $22,610,206, School funds $5,051,721, other $3,169,921, total $56,327,225 [Here](http://sports.usatoday.com/2018/06/28/methodology-for-2017-ncaa-athletic-department-revenue-database/) is what each group means. I have a hard time believing UCF is making 2-3 million a home game unless the Rights and licensing section is basically entirely from their concessions and such from the games.
Can we stop with these jokes? They aren't funny.
1:20 into the video.
You're blessed.
The snap counts was a post a few days ago. Shouldn't take too long to find if you sort by popular for the past week.
I doubt it's strictly Alabama fans. Also a lot of those comments have been [removed] that means the mods deleted it because it broke subreddit/reddit rules.
It's pretty obvious you're getting fucked with at this point. I think people are exhausted having this conversation since the same talking points come up every single time. I'd give up at this point.
&gt;NFL caliber receiver on his opposite side I don't really think you should argue in favor of Wesley with that one. Argue the other stuff but Jerry is playing along side a future NFL receiving TE, and 3 other future first few round WRs as well. Ruggs, Waddle, Smith and Smith jr will all go in the first few rounds of the NFL draft over the next few years. Smith, Ruggs, Smith jr, and Jerry should all enter the same time and will probably go very early on with Jerry being a top 10 type talent.
Begging for downvotes like that is probably going to get you downvoted by more than Alabama fans. Also who honestly gives a shit. Just speak your mind and back up what you say.
Feel But I think it's less they're better and more they're trying to point out how inflated the statistics are from big 12 offenses.
Henry had more rushing TDs of 35+ yards than McCaffrey had rushing TDs leading into heisman voting. That's a terrible take my dude.
Except they win the big games too.
So some back story to these stats. He played a Yulee high school. It's a 5A school. Those schools sit between 1100-1600ish students. So relative to a lot of the bigger Florida schools it's kinda small. So he's not going against the greatest competition here. Also he has so many carries because they basically strictly played the wildcat with him. They just fed the fuck out of Henry. IIRC he's also the guy who was recruited as an athlete to other schools because they wanted him to play LBer, but the ones he kept on his list Georgia and Alabama assured him he'd be allowed to play RB.
The argument you need to make for McCaffery is his total yards and efficiency on those touches. Not making excuses for his lack of TDs.
Yea on Alabama Henry had both jobs. I'm not sure what you're trying to say especially considering the idea that McCaffrey WASN'T scoring in the red zone isn't true either considering a bulk of his rushing TDs come from the red zone, just like *gasp* HENRY!
It implies Henry couldn't score TDs outside the red zone, and it implies McCaffrey wasn't scoring inside the red zone both of which aren't true. Edit: Also where are you getting Henry scored 15 tds inside the 10? I've got he's got 12 inside the 9 and 14 inside the 19.
Except McCaffrey was scoring rushing TDs at a higher rate inside the 20 than he was outside the 20...the dude couldn't take a hand off for a TD. That's the point being made. And it absolutely does imply that because that's the current perception of Henry is that he's some massive bruising monster of a RB and comments like that do nothing but reinforce that idea. edit: McCaffrey was scoring td's inside the 20 at a higher rate than Henry was scoring TDs inside the 20. That first line is confusing mb. Like half of McCaffrey's rushing Tds come inside the 20...maybe mccaffrey wasn't good at running in scores. You know he can be bad at things.
I think Williams becoming a projected #1 overall pick at an interior linemen position over an edge rusher shows that williams is the better player.
The issue is McCarrey WAS put into the position to do so and WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH. It's not like Henry where he legit NEVER did it. McCaffrey DID IT and it wasn't enough obviously and even when McCaffrey is getting the bulk of the touches he's STILL behind in rushing TDs from outside the red zone. In fact he's tied in total TDs from outside the red zone to henry only running the football. The issue is you're equating not good enough to never got the opportunity to. Idk dude this is a 4 year old conversation I honestly don't care about too much anymore Henry won it, Henry deserved it over McCaffrey and the only reason people feel McCaffrey was robbed is because he padded his total yards stats to break Barry Sanders "total yard" record which isn't even the impressive record its the yards from scrimmage record that's impressive ( well total yards is still impressive considering most of them come from scrimmage yards).
They do get paid. [Here](https://www.kansascity.com/sports/college/article86062792.html). Although I believe its only P5 schools doing it and it's all full scholarship athletes only as well. So.
He scored in the red zone at a higher rate than henry. 6/8 Tds came inside the redzone. 14/28 come inside the redzone for henry. It's even more lopsided if we don't include post season stats. I'm just too lazy at this point to adjust for that.
Facts:Maxwell voting went from Nov. 20th to Dec. 2nd Also facts: People can submit ballots early.
Honestly those stats don't scream "robbed" to me.
Neither of these guys stats compare to Andy Isabella...I don't get it. edit: It's actually incredible. All the OSU fans are complaining about being downvoted but they don't want to talk about Isabella, they just downvote and move on. You're such a hypocritical fan base lol.
It's probably tricky to say what is FBS equivalent during that time. Although most schools were playing football at that time in fact there were probably a whole hell of a lot more of them playing than now especially since D1-AA hasn't been created yet.
Dude we did the math last night. Where are you getting 2MM-3MM a home game? Can you ACTUALLY quote that figure. You don't have to lie about the pay outs to show youd make less.
&gt;Danny white said And Im asking for a quote. Edit: responding to your edit. He's not quoted in the article and the article says about 2MM on home games. Im having a hard time believing were talking OVER 2MM since the math last night showed you were 300k from 2MM on average with generious assumptions.
Read my edit as well.
Why not? Boise State would have had they not been located in Idaho and apparently their transfer rates don't lead to being picked up by the PAC-12...Utah has....
It's not my math [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/a44i5o/comment/ebbgxwz). Also the math literally accounts for all that...where dk you think the math was coming from? Our ass?
Except UCF is NOT a top 10 PROGRAM. They are a top 10 team right now though.
I think it's going to be quite civil considering I don't think anybody but a very select few view UCF as a top 10 football PROGRAM. Also the comment seems a bit tongue in cheek. edit: maybe "bit" is the wrong word. maybe "monstrously" is the correct word.
SEC speed always talked about the defensive line. ESPN did an article like 8ish years ago about it. I can't find it but [here](http://www.espn.com/blog/colleges/lsu/post/_/id/82/size-speed-separate-sec-from-others) are the players talking about it in 2012. [Here](https://www.cbssports.com/college-football/news/lane-kiffin-urban-meyer-agree-sec-speed-is-legit/) is Lane Kiffin and Urban Meyer talking about it as well. All the comments seem to agree that the SEC defensive lines were just faster and bigger than other conferences at that point. That said it's kinda changed. Especially when we see teams like Clemson pumping out insane Dline talent year after year. Michigan Ohio state also doing this. So I think it's not so much the case in the top teams anymore but I think from top to bottom the SEC still comes out pretty far ahead of every conference in pure Dline talent and it's really not close. edit: I also think Dline is pretty much the most important position on the field. Yea QB gets important if you've got some insane world beating QB who just drops dimes and scores 40 points every game by himself basically (Grier, Tua, Murray Haskins) but I still think Dline is the better indicator for team success barring elite QBs. The defense really starts on the dline so having an elite dline all but guarantees an elite defense and having a great dline really helps challenge and improve your offensive line. Granted this isn't always the case but I feel like Dline is simply the most important part of the team.
Because that's what the phrase is referring to. Specifically on the defensive line and the front 7. The defensive line from top to bottom is typically just different than other conferences. That doesn't mean other elite teams haven't really stepped it up as well though Ohio st, Mich, Clemson etc all having really good defensive lines.
I feel like Urban Meyer's Florida teams seemed to have warped what the term was referring to. It was true to an extent at how fast Florida was at the skill position they had insane speed at the skill position on that team, but coaches and players all echo'd the front 7 sentiment. That the front 7 of the defense was simply faster and just as big especially on the defensive line.
That's because the reddit search feature sucks ass. Not to say this isn't posted all the time.
[Here](http://winsipedia.com/ranking) Idk why this isn't posted every time there's a CLEAR plummet after Nebraska and that includes their huge stink for a decade and a half.
[Blue blood](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/blue%20blood) It's an actual term lol. [Here](http://winsipedia.com/ranking) is your blue bloods though. Look at the average and watch when it drops. There are your blue bloods.
Nice
"if you don't include part of what makes blue bloods blue bloods there isn't much there" I get it. PSU, Tenn, Florida, FSU, Miami, Georgia, LSU etc all have either relative recent success of sustained success over a long period of time which is more recently than the others described but you just aren't there. You're absolutely right there with Tenn though. PSU and Tenn I think are the next two in. And Washington is also like on the cusp of having a great run to really get themselves in there as well, but they aren't. There's a clear tier 1 and tier 2 though and it's kinda shocking it's happened that way. I think if PSU had serious success before Paterno they'd be in the group though.
Oklahoma the day I joined this subreddit a few of their fans were extremely rude (this was like 5-6 years ago at this point on a diff account) and they've continued to be rude and thin skinned.
Literally in a thread about fans we dont like Oklahoma finds a way to reinforce my opinion.
What are you talking about? might want to relook.
Its average ranking. Should be the first column next to name.
The drop off is still significant enough to see a difference in the top 8. Like I said though PSU and Tenn are both the next two in basically.
Thompson is gone either way. He's a Senior.
You're right.
Considering the center is a 4 year starter...
Tua kinda looks high as hell right now. Wonder if he's on pain killers from his surgery it's been a bit though.
Im not sure the extent of the surgery and so I'm not sure how long he'd be on them is all I'm saying. I think most ppl would be on pain killers after surgery.
I still don't get why Reggie had to return his heisman...
Yes.
Fuck Georgia
You forgot the semicolon
They're competitors of course they're going to be upset when they lose.
He's probably going to play well still. Especially with how good OU's oline is.
I mean it was only 10% of the heisman votes in. I'd like to know if they were evenly put in across the country or if one region put in more than another region since there's evidence of slight region bias.
It's not indicative since we don't know where the votes came from. If all the votes came from the different regions you could potentially say something like that, but for all we know the people who voted early might have minority in voting for Tua first.
I'm not talking about that. I'm just saying you can't infer anything from the sample without knowing where it comes from. If over half of the 10% came from the Southeast it's basically meaningless. Although we're in a setting where we aren't actually attempting to perform an actual analysis on this so it's not a huge deal and like you said you can safely assume in a casual setting that all voters voting early have the same potential to be biased towards any given candidate so. I just don't personally like saying Tua would've continued to pull ahead and win if voting was pre-CCG simply from these votes.
A lot of people view it as a regular season award and the CCG is the post season for them. I don't see any issues with this especially if you wish to not have any recency bias towards players who are playing in CCGs. edit: Also in the grand scheme of things CCGs are relatively new so a lot of older voters might keep to their method of voting.
Nah fam. Fuck Tennessee.
They are post season though....your regular season determines if you play in those games...how do you define post season?
And that's fine, but some people define it as anything you played into. An extra game (I believe most people would give Hawaii an exception) or game where your performance during the standard number of games determined your bid into that game would be post season. Just like qualifying for the play offs of any sport.
What are you talking about? It's absolutely normal to consider the CCGs post season.
I never said that wasn't the case.
Voting also opens on the 26th?
Oooo you got me! Yes. Im an Alabama fan. Yes. I wantes tua to win. No. Im not heart broken and tearing up this place. In fact my post in this very thread is saying it's possible Kyler still wins before championship game. That the sample we got could be meaningless. Does this change the fact that some people RIGHTFULLY vote before CCGs? No.
ACC-2005 Big 10-2011 Pac-12 2011 big 12 1996 Big east- I don't believe they ever had one. I mean this is still relatively new. And there are probably quite a few voters who had a significant portion of their viewership without championship games. So I don't see why they wouldn't treat them as mostly post season play and not want to vote on them. In fact up until 2011 it was probably considered poor to vote for them after the CCG since only two major conferences were playing them. It's just a way to avoid recency bias. Although we see most voters voted after it anyways.
BC the NFL sucks. Nah for real. I think it's just different schemes. A lot of coaches in college have moved away from a traditional pro offense. There are few remaining like Jimbo but I don't see Jimbo moving away from college football anytime soon.
A large part of that is def Florida people not knowing how to dress in the winter.
&gt;UCF's home games create just as much profit UCF fans. We've already looked at the math. You don't even produce that amount of revenue let alone profit.
Lol I know. I'm from florida. The panhandle.
How are there so many penalties in the NFL dude.
Lol jesus dude. This is why I'm starting to steer away from the NFL. So many fucking penalties.
That's gonna have to be a no from me considering you're a bad pass from 2 losses.
And I'm saying part of the logic for your opinion is &gt;he could recover over the season this year because of our offense which isn't true considering you are a bad pass from losing against Ok st...
Probably by /r/cfb threads is what hes saying.
And he wouldn't have known he would've drop 60 points on every team they play either...that's the point.
Foster having another good game.
The NCAA classifies them as post season.
It stops at the 2016-2017 year. It's every snap from the year the game was played.
2012 ohio state.
The air raid schemes specifically do make it easier on the QB to read and throw. That's part of the idea behind the air raid.
That's not true at all. Look at any article during that time (the official page on the NCAA's website is down). The post season ban included the big 10 championship the Big 10 had nothing to do with that. &gt;The institution's football team shall end its 2012 season with the playing of its last regularly scheduled, in-season contest and shall not be eligible to participate in any postseason competition or take advantage of any of the exemptions provided in Bylaw 17.9.5.2, to include an end-of-season conference championship game. [Here](https://cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/ohio-state-public-infractions-report.pdf). The OFFICIAL ruling for you. I've already quoted the necessary part.
&gt;18.02.4 Postseason Football Bowl Game. A postseason football bowl game is a football contest conducted after the regular football season and involving two teams selected because of their regular-season performance (e.g., won-lost record, conference championship). Participation in such events by member institutions is limited to those bowl games that meet the requirements of Bylaw 18.7 and the NCAA postseason football handbook. (Revised: 2/1/05, 7/30/10, 10/28/11 effective 4/1/12) That's the definition of post season play by the NCAA. Everything I've shown you supports what I've said. Edit: the conference picks the teams NCAA determines eligibility And to further reinforce this. Ohio state was given a post season ban I gave you the link. That INCLUDES championship games since they are counted as POST SEASON.
You're right I copy/pasted the wrong thing. &gt;An institution may provide each student-athlete who participates in or is a member of a team participating in a postseason event (e.g., conference championship, NCAA championship, National Invitation Tournament, bowl game) with six complimentary admissions to all intercollegiate athletics events at the site at which the student (or team) participates. (Adopted: 1/9/96 effective 8/1/96, Revised: 11/1/01 effective 8/1/02, 1/17/09 effective 8/1/09, 8/7/14) There, they specify that conference championships are apart of the post season...this is in the section talking about benefit violations. It's referring to giving student athletes tickets/reduced prices to conference championship games or tournaments and other post season play game. [Here](http://image.cdnllnwnl.xosnetwork.com/attachments1/files/11600/628372.pdf?DB_OEM_ID=11600) Look at the figure on page 231 figure two and it talks about awards and it specifies conference championship as post season.
Dude...I don't know what to tell you other than you're grasping at straws considering I've quoted two things that DIRECTLY state they are post season contests (I've also posted the official ruling by the NCAA that clarified that the big 10 championship was included in their POST SEASON BAN). Conference championships are an exception on counting against your post season count, just like the playoff tournament is an exception. I'm done here.
9.6 yards per pass attempt is bad no matter what. You're basically saying were giving up a first down every time someone ATTEMPTS a pass.
Yea I feel like it's almost a concensus on this sub we end up blowing Clemson out with eddie Jackson back there.
Think gold card still goes through windwall.
Play action only works when you respect the run. So if teams don't worry about the run they just bail for passes.
Yet...not concensus all-sec...
Then you haven't taken a statistical theory class...where they do justify that stuff.
Just depends on how you use it. Saban talked about it after the ole Miss game. They came in too excited because of hyping the team up and they lost focus. You use motivation for focus.
You don't want to have any motivation that detracts from the goal. The goal is to win.
So did the 2008 Oklahoma team lol...Sam Bradford, Demarco Murray, and Jermaine Gresham, Trent Williams, Duke Robinson (didn't start but he was a two time all American), Philip loadholt. Basically that entire offense played in the NFL at some point.
IIRC looking into the bylaws weird shit recently. Yes? They have to be played at the conclusion of the regular season. And those games after the championship game would go against their post season count. I'm not 100% confident in this answer though.
I hope he stays. I'd just like to see Moses to become the signal caller and let Mack play will and become a head Hunter. That's what he's good at.
They dont' just decorate the Christmas tree they decorate everything...the entire house...its a strange thing to see as someone who didn't grow up with that kinda of money but was close to people who grew up with that kinda of money, but if I'm that wealth IDK if I wouldn't do the same. I don't think I'd have time to do the elaborate decorations and I absolutely adore Christmas so I'd pay to have someone do my house.
according to /r/cfb rules you aren't allowed to use that as an excuse because that's what the SEC typically does as well.
The infinite pots build was quite common during that time on a lot of melee champions. It was changed in S3 to cap you at 5 pots , but I absolutely did it on Kat, and Diana during that time and I can vividly remember Voyboy and Scarra doing it on stream during that time.
Stop caring about the national championship game. And start caring about your schools football program.
That's not what he's saying. He's saying watch them put 4 super small dudes who just penetrate the whole time.
That's what a skill floor is...
High skill floor means that picking them up you are instantly good. High skill ceiling means there's room to improve.
It might have been auto removed due to reports. Next time try to talk to them mods through messages about it getting re-approved.
Except it's actually always 2005 rose bowl...
Why? Almost every prediction in this sub has Oklahoma scoring more points than anyone else this season. Most predictions have us only stopping Oklahoma once or twice... everyone is rightfully shitting on their defense...which is worrisome imo. Makes me feel like their defense is going to just say fuck it and go for picks and fumbles all day and not even try to make stops.
Played in 2006 was the 2005-2006 season.
They were here...they just decided not to play half of their games. This is what auburn does every year. They are the most inconsistent team I've ever seen in any sport ever.
Not to me. It's the 2005 rose bowl considering 99% of the games played that season were from 2005. Not 2006. I don't consider 6 games outisde the rest of the season to be in a different year from those games. Especially since it's the rose bowl for the 2005 season.
10000% would i rather play against new Irelia than old Irelia. Old Irelia punished you for playing well against her. Fuck that.
No I'm not. There's no OFFICIAL ruling or bylaw or anything saying it's FACTUALLY the 2006 rose bowl. Lots of people call it the 2006 rose bowl lots of others call it the 2005 rose bowl. So you're using OBJECTIVELY wrong.
Mid assassin wukong was always something. In fact xpeke use to play it in the mid lane...
The point being is you never would have known how much dmg he was dishing out...because he's the same as he was 5 seasons ago...the only thing different is that there is electrocute in the game now but he was still a thing when thunderlords was in the game...the only difference from season 3 to now is that everyone is putting too much emphasis on electrocute and dark harvest etc as these massive sources of dmg but they aren't.
Lethality is a WORSE pen...pen back then was worse than it is now...
Anybody have a clue how good ND's oline is?
Does ND have the type of players on the Oline like they did last year I think it was? Do they have multiple future NFL linemen basically.
Interesting first drive...only one negative play...which is good. Think ND might be able to move the ball a bit more than they are expected to.
DB got away with one there.
Think well see after the first quarter but so far ND seems like they can play in this game especially if they keep up their energy
Man, my biggest motivation for Alabama winning is so I don't have to hear all the shitty Oklahoma fans anymore on /r/CFB they are without a doubt the most annoying fan base to me.
Idk. The false start was bad but the actual play he got the blitzer and it was a competition. Then the dropped pass for a first down. Idk. Seems good so far.
Do they have to physically see the recovery?
Take back there is a clear recovery. That's Clemson's ball.
ND you need to actually tackle the QB...
ND is doing a good job of getting pressure they just aren't doing a good job of actually hitting Trevor. They need to hit him to effect him later in the game otherwise you're just gonna wear yourself out.
Yea the first clip they showed they cut it off before Ferrell palms it.
You're doing a lot of blitzing though. So you're worried about the LBers as well. Especially if you get down a score or two later in the game and the LBers are too tired to come up in the run game.
Okay yea you can't pull against this team ND.
Looking good for ND. getting outside these Dline who are getting overly aggressive.
How is wilkins not getting a penalty for how he shifts on the line.
It is though. You can't bait the offensive line like that. It's just clapping and yelling hut on the defense. When he shifts he's dipping his shoulder like he's getting ready to rip the oline. That's trying to bait the oline.
Didn't say it was. It's illegal to shift like he's shifting though.
That's impressive lol.
I'm 99% confident that ND is going to pick off Trevor Lawrence throwing to the left some time this game. He can't do it.
Yes.
Clemson's secondary is their weak link.
Fuck dude those are the most heart dropping plays. Dude makes contact 4 yards uin the back field but goes for 8+
Wilkins talking shit and then ND blocks it.
Depending on where it hits you it'll leave a bruise but it's nothing too bad.
Jesus if this goes against ND that'd be every review in favor of Clemson lol.
That was a cheap shot dude...
That's not a TD. He doesn't have possession until after his feet are off theg round.
You're right.
Oh boy Hope waddle is okay.
Screw is a bad word boy. Fricks, hecks, dangs.
Yep Oklahoma defense is just shooting gaps they don't give a fuck. By the second quarter if it doesn't work ever well be scoring at will.
Alabama does win that game though if Bo doesn't get hurt...
Wonder if we don't like our chances against their KRer...or maybe we're just playing it safe. Don't let them get any type of momentum.
Bro carter is getting strangled....how do you not call that?
Oklahoma has 2 overrated murrays.
OU getting frustrated...I like it...this is the kill shot here I think. It's super early to say that but it's feeling like Oklahoma is fighting for some air right now.
Bro its the second quarter....and Georgia, State and LSU still play as well.
Or Ohio state.
That truck by Jacobs IMO is really metaphorical for this game so far.
I don't htink it's possible at this point. You're asking for Oklahoma's defense to make at least 2 stops. You can make up 14 points with score at the half and score coming out the half, but you're still looing at a 14 point deficit. I think it's pretty much done for.
At least Oklahoma has ran plays in Alabama territory before the 4th quarter.
C'mon Samia you're too good for that shit.
Oklahoma is out of position just by playing defense, no need to try to trick them and throw the ball where they are out of position in position.
Who the fuck is the 6'4" baby on the Oklahoma side line?
Thats targetting.
Oklahoma needs to chill the fuck out dude. Stop at the whistle.
When the fuck are they going to call the post play bull shit. STOP LETTING THEM GET AWAY WITH IT.
Late hit by Bolton wtf...refs...
Bro..that's such a trash fucking call...
Wtf is this last two plays...
I didn't expect a 31-13 game...that's 3 FGs I didn't expect.
We're totally fucked if we have to get into a field position battle against Clemson.
Offense has got to score. This was expected from OU. What wasn't expected was the constant mistakes on offense.
How in the absolute fuck right now are they throwing those unsportsmen like conduct fouls now...they've totally ignored all the late hits by Oklahoma...these refs are a fucking joke.
Refs actually throw a fucking flag on Oklahoma. They've been getting in players faces and late hits all game. Stop being afraid of doing it and calm OU down.
Is DeVonta Smith the most clutch offensive player we've got? He always comes up big in big games and clutch moments.
When does Samia actually get ejected? It's been all fucking night dude.
Holding on Williams dude wtf...REFS OPEN YOU GOD DAMN EYES DUDE WHAT THE FUCK
This is the worst officiated game I've seen all fucking year dude.
FUCKING EJECT SAMIA HOLY SHHIT
EJECT SAMIA HOLY SHIT
THESE ARE THE WORST FUCKING REFS I'VE EVER SEEN WHAT THE FUCK! YOU THROW A FLAG ON THE GUY WITH THE HELMET OFF BUT YOU DON'T THROW ALL THE LATE HITS AND CHEAP SHOTS FUCK THESE REFS!
Saban needs to put these refs on blast dude. What the fuck.
Fuck the refs. That is the worst performance from a crew I've seen in a long fucking time. Not missing calls but straight up not calling chippy shit to lower emotions but calling some of the crappiest dumb made up shit I've ever seen. Samia should've been ejected in the 2nd quarter. OU sucks and that game should've been 45-10 this was not a close game.
We played a good fucking game. We aren't going to have refs who let entire teams take cheap shots the whole game or throw invisible flags while totally ignoring cheap shots right in front of their face. This game should've been 45-10 fuck this game.
Yes you can. because they should have ejected MULTIPLE OU players in the 2nd quarter but they didn't. They let it get chippier and chippier throughout the game. It was almost a carbon copy of the Missouri game for Alabama this year.
No. Its not. Otherwise it would have been a flag as well on one of the last runs in the game against number 7 from OU when he tackled Harris with his forearm in the face. Can you actually quote the rule that says it's an illegal tackle? It happens ALL THE FUCKING TIME.
Yea the thread today isn't so bad. In the past though 1000% threads have been shitty. It's difficult to talk in those threads at times. Like right now nobody can talk about how chippy OU players were but the guy ripping his helmet off and the clean hit by Williams clearly shows how cheap we were tonight while totally ignoring every single late hit from OU.
It was a good no call because there's no **FORCIBLY** twisting, turning, or pulling (also that penalty is specifically to prevent players from ripping opponents helmets off on purpose not like this where it's the only thing he can grab).
Fuck it idc. Motion blur makes my stomach turn.
Nah fam. There's letting them play (getting away with some holding, a little handy on routes) and then there's straight ignoring late hits. Fuck these refs.
What the hell does an NFL call have to do with college football rules dude?...
Okay don't lie to yourself. Both of these defenses were historically great. And LSU had already played against two high powered offenses that year.
Pretty sure the reason y'all didn't get in was more due to the computers.
People probably trying to do the triumphs. Issue with having the imperials tied them.
Is there anything officially from bungie saying that or is it speculation it's a technical/legal issue.
That's only an issue if that stuff is tied to characters.
Which accounts would be merged....that's the whole point of the post. Instead of picking merge...so unless progress is tied to characters it's a nonissue.
That's not what I'm asking. You're not understanding what I'm saying. I'm asking for a merge into one account. Which is absolutely possible.
That stuff was the case in D1. Tether has been severely nerfed for d2 though. It's only purpose now is to really help with ad management, clear, and orb generation. Melting point is far superior for bonus dmg, and golden gun/shards is far better for boss dmg.
&gt;Sure, let's ignore that tether isn't just ad clear. I'm responding to that. It is basically just for ad clear. And before you ask again, yes I've used tether. I've mained tether since it was released in TTK. And currently tether is ad clear considering the prevalence of orb generation in other supers/guns (to add to this, the only time the sheer amount of orb generation is necessary anyways is on horde encounters where continued super use is nice and the amount of orb generation is actually useful) and the boss dmg on other supers. It's only usefulness is ads especially in end game content.
Having lived in Fayetteville Arkansas for a while now I'm not shocked about the actions of some of the parents and fans of the school, but those aren't backwoods tendencies. Those are people who especially in the Bentonville/Fayetteville area now are very full of themselves. Lots of old money there, and lots of state wide influence up there.
Those aren't a problem on PC. And even on console the tracking is good enough that unless someone is jumping over you directly it's a non-issue because you're probably dead to a shotty anyways. I do agree on dodge though. But Titans have really good zone control with barrier. edit: actually I'd go out on a limb and say Titans are probably twice as popular on PC than console because of this. Hunters aren't near as dominate on PC. The only thing they're bringing to PvP is the dodge so they can contest and then dodge out if it goes badly.
I don't think it's just a Destiny problem, so I doubt fixing the sensitivity would fix anything. Even in other games where jet packs exist. Jumping above someone is typically the play since they can't react fast enough on console.
Pretty sure Jarvis Jones had a knee problem.
You get gold for going on loss streaks? You can risk dropping pretty far in health in TFT.
I print screened a picture today, i print screen all the time so I can copy/paste into discord. I'm not sure what you mean by league doesn't allow it.
Bruh
Dunkey's situation wasn't an isolated incident. Dunkey provokes people into getting those responses for videos. It was just what finally got him a measly 14 day ban.
Saban won't name a starter until a game or two into sec play unless the competition isn't close at all.
The university of Arizona State University. I got tricked!
That's a that's a spot right there that sure is.
How tf did tenn win this game?
That's a late hit. Hill had already taken like 3 steps in the end zone.
Or noticed the catch was complete and instead decided to not lower his head? Happens all the time.
What was Thomas saying earlier this week?
It wasn't the CEO.
Clemson's got the type of defense to stop LSU.
I like how they have 3 defensive guys in a game with some crazy offensive schemes lol. A good perspective IMO.
Clemson's DC is so good. It helps with the sheer amount of talent they've developed on that side of the ball, but he does such a good job having so many looks. It's impossible to know what they're doing.
LSU should snap out of it in the second quarter, but Clemson is on another level and LSU wasn't ready for this first quarter. They should settle down though and those stops on defense against Clemson was important.
NCAA's PI rules are so much better than the NFL. Rather than flipping the field on a random call it's a huge punishment on the defense but it's not game changing.
24 for LSU is crazy good. he's so long, and athletic, and he just knows where to be.
That's blatantly obvious OPI
Who gives a shit, that's so rare, most PIs are ticky tack plays and offense are literately built around it in the NFL now. It sucks.
Talking about Lber picking the wrong gap, but Lawrence just jump cut like 3 gaps over lol.
ESPNU
Defenses are playing a lot better than expected on both sides. But feel like Clemson's defense has been better and stands to continue their dominance. I don't feel that way about LSU's but I could be wrong.
Coaches keep calling blitz but they only keep bringing 4. LSU's oline isn't ready for all these looks.
They are, but then the Oline just totally misreads the blitz. And it's nothing against LSU. It's hard when they are showing they're bringing 5 6 to 7 people and only rush 4. And it takes on play in 3 with a blitz to mess up the drive.
yea I get that, but it's standard 4 man rush dropping 7. it's Clemson showing so much shit on defense and doing something else. They keep saying they're bringing extra, but in reality they want to bring 4 LSU just doesn't know where the 4th defender is coming from. It's good game plan and athleticism from Clemson. edit: Also I'm not saying the coaches are wrong, they are right, they are bringing pressure. These are pass blitzes but even the coaches are wrong about who they are bringing at times. I think it's a compliment to Clemson's defense.
Crazy recovery by #8
And LSU has eaten them on that deep route twice now. I think Clemson needs to figure out how to adjust to that. They can't just give that away.
Pretty important for LSU to score a TD here. This is what Clemson did to Alabama last year. Just clammed them in the red zone.
All 22 and the end zone angle are the best shots to watch football. I really like end zone angle but I played Oline so it's nice to see what they are seeing. That and it's easier to see what techniques the Dline are in so you can see more what they're trying to do.
Huge for LSU. They are lucky to be in this game tbh. Defense has helped them.
Good hit by the defender. That's how you should play the "head hunter" in the middle of the field now.
LSU picking up the blitzs now.
When LSU picks up the 4th guy they are killing clemson.
Who gives a shit. It wasn't like the one you were complaining about. That play shouldn't result in flipping the field. The defender barely gets there too early. He's not completely beat and tackles the WR.
He's gone lol. No way he doesn't take a promotion. He's too young not to imo
I don't get it, i've always said it but Trevor Lawrence isn't as accurate throwing to the left. maybe his stat sheet disagrees, but he's just off when it's to the left.
Lots of those guys continue into their HS careers playing RB. Reuben Foster, Clowney lots of them also played RB and had outstanding RB seasons. But they were better Dline/lber. Henry just didn't accept being recruited as a LBer. He went to the school that offered him as a RB.
Needed something I can remember
Wasn't there a guy recently who was charged with sexual assault by slapping the ass of a news reporter?
Pretty confident the 2012 Alabama offensive line or one of the Wisconsin offensive lines were the best of the decade. For 2012 Alabama you've got Cyrus Kouandjio, Chance warmack, Barrett Jones, Anthony Steen, and DJ Fluker. The 2012 Alabama line returned as starters Chance Warmack, Barrett Jones, Anthony Steen, and DJ fluker. Cyrus was the only new starter. Pretty confident this is one of the best Olines in the past decade.
I mean... Brennan would be throwing what 31 TDS in that scenario? That's a pretty sick season from a qb lol.
The user has specifically said he doesn't want overdraft protection. He doesn't even want to be capable of overdrafting. It's the banks refusal to actually remove overdraft protection that he's frustrated at.
It's just Jalen.
Yea I've logged in a few times to see if there is any other information other than the review page somewhere hidden on the website. Yea the lack of emails or any details is kinda frustrating. Thanks for the extra information though.
I'm calling ADWS specifically. So I hope I'm not being redirected to a help desk for stuff I don't need.
Well...I did what OP did and selected that the home office was out of state...I'll ask them if the change fixed their issue. Thank you very much.
Hey, did changing the home office resolve your problems? The business I work for is a large international one and I said it's home office is out of state so I wonder if that question is worded poorly.
Okay thank you.
It should. I'd talk to a therapist but you can do other ticks rather than just the finger movements. My therapist offered letting me tap my hands in rhythm since when I see the fingers go back and forth I just imagine a car turn signal.
Dude obviously a race baiter though. His name is n word.
Chinese dark soy sauce is the best shit ever. It's like neck and neck with Worcestershire.
That's literally what it is. Edit: I guess technically it's not a mental disability (I think they just classify it under mental illness/mental DISORDER and it's important to make that clarification), but it's considered a learning disability in my son's school district so he gets all the necessary assistance he needs from the state to help he succeed in class.
It is mobile Alabama though. The city is like 50% black. Idk why it didn't happen sooner.
It's important to know the threat so you can react accordingly.
White dude. Got pulled over for no light on the license plate they ripped the car apart and had us sit on the side of the road. 4 dudes in one car all wearing body armor and one had an assault rifle. They were a drug unit and legit just going car by car pulling ppl over. We drove by them when they had one car pulled over then coming back they pulled us over and when they left they instantly pulled over another car. Very strange sequence of events. So it's a unique circumstance for sure, but that was a drug unit so of course they were going to weasle their way into searching our car. This was just a regular trooper wtf was he doing?
No a NEW Herman miller (the aero, the most popular) is 1k with most the fluff. A used can run you 400-600 depending on condition, extras, and age.
I mean the weapon is already insanely slow. The CD probably doesn't matter.
Do you feel like GKMC didn't age well?
What does JFC mean?
Buy bun length dogs you fucking degenerates. They are 8 and 8.
Isn't this a plot point in American gods?
I'm not swaying anyones opinion.
Why are you talking so vague. Just get to your point. My original point was it's funny to see how passive aggressive ppl are through posts while being so aggressive in comments. Most posts on the sub feel like a set up to generate a certain point rather than a random public freakout.
Just watch the posts then watch the posts an hour or so later. Especially after threat lock.
I mean I don't mind a sub leaning left or right. It's just amusing watching how the sub plays out.
Some places might not have assigned seating yet.
Nobody is saying he shouldn't be proactive with this issue. He's saying you shouldn't suppress other people's voices when they speak out against the issue you're now speaking out against. Specifically the voice of the people.
People criticizing LeBron aren't saying he shouldn't voice his opinion (he absolutely should I'd be even more upset with him if he didn't do shit) they're saying he needs to say something against china at this point now otherwise he just looks like he is profiting off people's suffering. And you can't just ignore it now either bc he's been outspoken against someone specifically raising awareness of an issue about ironically suppressing the voice of the people.
People who attack NBA players who said nothing are absolutely doing that and it's fucked up and is important to talk about. Lebron on the other hand no. He is not immune to being criticized in this situation.
I like the Cajun and regular hot sauce from Wingstop. Buffalo wild wings is shit imo
Seems like a good way to weed out overt racists from your org.
No he didn't. He literally said "not only financially but physically emotionally and spiritually." He literally cared more about money than anything and it's the first thing that came to him mind.
You're so insulting. I don't have an iPhone. I do have products made in China though. Not much I can do to avoid that. That said this isn't about me. It's about LeBron. And I have seen the video. And I do have context to the whole situation. They were in China at that time but even when returning home he still won't condem China. Still won't show support for Hong Kong. People who are fighting for exactly what he's fighting for. NOT JUST THAT he ACTIVELY sought out to suppress Morey's voice. Fuck that. &gt;you'd realize that during the next question when he called Morey misinformed, he was saying that about the situation the NBA teams were put in by the tweet while they were overseas. He wasn't calling Morey misinformed about HK itself Bullshit get Winnie's dick out your mouth. He still hasn't commented on this situation and instead doubled down on it. How would morey be misinformed on them in china? Edit: [again I don't get it. LeBron shouldn't have said anything plenty of NBA players did instead he tried to silence someone's voice which ironically is what he's fighting against now](https://mobile.twitter.com/kingjames/status/952902403422150657?lang=en)
You can't read. I'm not saying LeBron shouldn't use his platform to support BLM. Infact what he's doing for voter suppression is incredibly important and I'm proud of him for that. He's not immune to criticism and growth though something when it comes to china he hasn't done.
Yea. Harden is a bitch too. He's just been able to ignore the criticism bc he said he wasnt going to talk about it anymore vs LeBron who doubled down. Also LeBron is a VERY outspoken political activist and speaks a lot about equality but decided to ignore it when it's happening for his benefit. He's chosen his spot light. Sorry that your world isn't black and white enough for you and there's some nuances. Probably should also stop sucking Winnie off. But since I'm putting so much effort into attacking LeBron and harden where's your defense for harden?
I didn't say that. Infact two posts ago I said the complete opposite and three posts ago I said one thing and you skimmed it and responded the exact opposite of what I said. Are you reading my posts or are you incapable of that? Also as it stands rn harden isn't involved with the org LeBron is. If he was people would probably be talking about it.
Yea I know. I don't really care. I didn't edit out stuff. I edited things into it at the end. The edits haven't been in contention with what you've ignored and you've twisted everything I've said. Which is exactly what you're complaining about actually I think I get it now. Since you're incapable of seeing how you not reading and understanding what I'm saying has lead to you to believe I'm calling LeBron a terrible human being someone incapable of growth someone incapable of learning it's clear how you wouldn't understand the stance that it's hypocritical and honestly quite fucking ironic for LeBron to suppress someone's voice fighting for the right to vote when LeBron how now created an org that fights for people's right to vote...
Shut up. That's incredibly unhelpful and just shuts down conversation.
Yes. They claimed people from different subs/websites were coming all at once to comment on the discussion. Most of the time it's to sway discussion a certain way or harass users of that sub.
Because that's exactly what he did and infact doubled down on it. Because if he truly believed the tweet I quoted he would've educated himself and made a comment about it at a later time when it was "safe". Instead he's remained silent after doubling down.
Nobody is getting onto other players cases who have decided not to talk. Nobody is getting on even James harden who spoke up during the Hong Kong stuff in support of china. People are getting on his case because he is now getting involved in an organization that seeks out to help fight voter suppression. So it's a bit ironic that LeBron James actively tried to silence someone in the NBA for voicing their support of Hong Kong because it went against his bottom line.
Doesn't stop police from saving that shit for themselves.
I'm not talking about court of law. I'm talking about cops saving shit for personal use.
Do you never clean your shower?
Except...this has happened in the United States and there was no punishment?
Thinking it doesn't happen in England and Wales as well?
Why a sports fan?
How old are you?
Obviously.
Someone posted a link to my original comment.
I mean...there's a wide range of people who are sports fans. So it seems like such an odd personality trait to not like. Like men who aren't attracted to women who like horses it's weird. I'd understand people whos entire lives revolve around sports. Is that what you mean?
You can't cut their nails straight out the womb
It's already been posted in the thread, legit like 2 posts from the one you originally made. Why not just put a little effort into it?
Ah, that sounds really shitty. I'm sorry about that. I understand though. edit: The im sorry probably comes off as extremely rude. I don't mean it that way.
I mean it's not like a DON'T DO IT! but it's recommended not to. The nail is too soft, and it's easier to just put mitten on for the few month, and then begin trimming them. Plus even if you are trimming them and not using mittens they grow back so fast they can still hurt themselves.
I think it's a big difference between the nurse who works with babies vs a random person. I've always been recommended to wait a month before trimming nails. It's not a strict no don't do it, but it's highly recommended to not cause infections and pain to the child.
They'll just harass you until you give up.
Bro this sub is insane. Unless crafting was like the crafting bench none of y'all would think this shit is nuts. Fossil crafting is bonkers and all it does is increase changes of rolls and eliminate rolls you don't want. this shit let's you specifically target stuff. So instead of just xing out 3-4 mods you're getting rid of all the mods you probably don't want. It's nuts
Walmart has their own now as well. They also have straight up gas stations that are like mini Walmarts. Called Walmart to go. They let you load money into a Walmart gift card and use it to buy gas for 3 cents cheaper lol.
You craft them
With life force. It's later in the quest line according to Chris Wilson. But it's not too far bc I've already done multiple of the crafts. It's at the bottom of the crafting options.
It looks that way but it'll keep growing from my experience.
Yea like the other person said. It works even if flashing red. What I'm guessing is happening is the check to dispense life force happens during a turn phase. That way you can turn off auto dispense and not waste life force. And they just never put a check for the seeds to see if any dispensers they're inside of are on autodispense and have enough life force etc
Im assuming it's been tested but when I did my tier twos I had to have four tier 1 adjacent to a tier 2 not just on the plot. Was y'all's working the way it's shown in the picture?
My psychiatrist told me some people don't really remember their nightmares. They just notice they wake up a lot through out the night (this was me, also nightmares dont have to be directly related, mine are like horror movies it's like I'm running constantly and being outcast, basically the fear/anxiety etc manifest in different ways). And flash backs don't have to be present either. You could just have intrusive thoughts (again I had these really bad, doing almost anything that didn't take up all my mental process allowed the memories to seep in). So yes I can relate and I've been professionally diagnosed or meet the criteria for treat of PTSD whatever they like to say. I'm assuming you're asking this because you feel you don't have it. I question whether I have PTSD all day every day (and from my lurking on here this seems to be common feeling on here) because I don't have those intense flash backs that are typically associated with PTSD. If your psychiatrist/doctor/whoever feels you have it there's a strong chance they are right. It's not a guarantee but ptsd doesn't manifest the same way for everyone.
It's part of the process from my experience coming to terms with it. So you're def not alone. The startled waking up sounds exactly like nightmares. If you feel uncomfortable still about it you could talk to your doctor/therapist (I'm assuming you have one) and they can try to help ease any doubt. I talk to my therapist basically every two weeks about my doubts.
Idk what deep southern state your wife went to but the deep southern schools I went to absolutely talked about slavery, Jim crow, the KKK etc. And we spent a long fucking time on these sections. Maybe your wife just didn't pay attention.
Rural deep south as well. I'm sure there are some racist teachers out there who don't teach certain things and being rural allows them to get by not teaching it, but I wouldn't assume this is very common.
Was arcane surge recently changed not to worth with travel skills? Or is it a bug or am I missing something with it not triggering from my flame dash. Flame dash costs 20 mana, it's level 1 arcane surge so it requires 15 mana, but it never triggers.
Neither. It's not reduced Mana cost either I don't think bc I can spam it and no proc. It's linked too.
Nope. edit: figured it out im a trickster so my movement skills are free lol
I figured it out. I'm a trickster so my movement skills are free lol
The hinges on 3rd party programs and such are a major reason I continue to play this game. I enjoy the fact that when I'm faced with a problem or questions I can step away and read a detailed explanation of the mechanic because it's necessary. If GGG were to hand out that information I doubt it'd be as complicated since they can't throw a wall of text at players in game without making them turn around and vomit.
I mean there are two approaches to Poe. My approach was to just go head first into walls and when I got to a wall Google wtf is going on. Slowly get through it all and get better. Then there is the ability to be taught along the way so you don't have to run into the frustrations of hitting a wall. That'd be the build guides. There's nothing wrong with either way to play the game. One will stifle creativity in the beginning but make a less frustrating experience the other will provide more creativity and freedom but lead tk much greater frustrations (I made it to maps on my like 3rd character by being a full damage eq zerker, had no clue what I was doing but I made it there finally I quickly gave up on the character though because I got one shot a lot....). Just play for what makes the most fun, and don't worry about the greener grass until you're ready. Edit: oh another wall I sadly ran into was act 4 shavronne. I didn't have resists capped so I got one shot by her tendril lightning. I spent an hour running into that wall frustrated as shit. I didn't have currency to remake character, didn't wanna spent 5 hours getting to that point again so I just ran at her until I finally won. I quickly capped my resists after that point.
I didn't finish act 10 for a while. I went through like 5-6 characters before I got to that point. It was def frustrating and off putting at times. But it's become the part of the game that's kept me involved (not the acts but the overcoming challenges asking questions and the progression that comes along with it). This allows me to just think about character progression rather than the story. So I kinda mindlessly fly through the acts and worry more about my character. Like I totally get the frustrations associated with the restarting I had it as well. But at times even if I could just respec everything id be better off just starting over anyways. Like at one point I had a frost blades character and tried to respec to flicker strike but half my gear was dependant on frostblades so it was better to just restart.
The biggest improvement for me in speeding through the acts was having an efficient way to do them. Like I didn't know quests don't have to be active to do them. Act 3 is the best example I can think of. Instead of going and talking to bald lady if you just go get the two items she wants you can. It cuts off SO MUCH back tracking. I also basically got to the point where I only return to town at certain break points. Like act 8? You can start by going right after Deodre to the Solaris temple and going all the way to the moon temple through harbor bridge log off turn in all quests them way point to either side of harbor bridge and complete the act. My first two times I went up the left side to moon temple scrolled back then went up the right side to the Solaris temple. So much wasted time.
I mean cheating on a spouse probably always ends in you stepping down it's a lot of controversy the company won't want when you go on press tour and he most likely needs to take a step back and either repair his marriage or they split.
It's also the wife's problem. I wouldn't want it be publicly known my wife/spouse cheated on me. Especially in that fashion. It's fucking degrading.
I mean it's entirely possible she has no intentions other than to let other women in the community know he's a cheater and just didn't think too far ahead after being hurt so badly. That said I don't agree with how she went about it. It's poorly done imo and leads to a lot of implications like you've said. And it cuts out the wife's decision on how to handle finding something like that out. I'd feel so degraded and judged if someone instead of coming to me just started posting flyers that my wife cheated on me.
The way it's described by afroman was that he didn't really have a choice. It was made for him from where he lived if he wanted to survive basically. I'm assuming it's different for different people though. Idk though. Never dealt with that stuff.
I'm saying obviously different situations lead to different things but in afromans case he went to school with the "other street" and it kinda forced his hand. They just associated him with them and he wasn't at all at first. He did a short interview about his time in gangs. Like prison culture I guess. Either find a group to protect you or everyone will fuck with you.
&gt;elevated horror comedy. ?
That makes sense. Thank you I'll give that one a try.
Nah. You can leech from the dot anyways. So I'd only be leeching from the initial hit of ED.
Have astigmatism prefer dark mode. My entire cpu is in dark mode. Edit: in fact if I can't find a dark mode I typically don't use the application. Like honest to God.
Shroud and the doc at least are close. Maybe not friends but they interact quite often and shroud has said he enjoys the docs content and they've played together quite often. Shroud is very open about who he watches on twitch as well.
I'm sure as a physics student youve taken linear algebra right?
Yea you got where I was going with it. And it's quite hand wavy and like wow magic sometimes, but even breaking down proofs for some of the most a abstract parts of mathematics could be entirely possibly. Like my first half of my advanced calculus class was basically this. Prof would talk very simple with us about a problem and how to go about solving it. Then we'd disperse and come back the next day at the start of class showing and discussing how we went about creating a rigerous proof. So the students could learn when the prof is lecturing, but I think it'd be difficult to get them to stay focused lol. Also calculus is probably easy because you can draw a lot when talking about it which is nice. Unlike abstract algebra or something else. Even some of the topics in linear algebra are too abstract to draw a good picture of.
I mean a lot of ACTUAL University level math can be talked about in very simple terms to get a general grasp of what's going on. Complex numbers aren't really a university level math thing...
Did I hear wrong? The comparison to Josh was this is how twitch handles all bans. Not that their bans are unique.
Except you took upon yourself at first to do that.
Burger places, wing places, BBQ places. Lots of them use the paper towel roll.
You can just Google Tony McDade and you'll get into on the person (I don't want to misgender them bc I'm not sure if they're mf to fm, I'm leaning fm though). But articles I've seen have eye witness conflict the police reports and I haven't seen anything on the video but the article I read mentioned it.
The easiest way to visualize it is on a line that's why you use a line to describe the concepts in AC....you absolutely can teach the basics behind limits to a child by looking at fractions...you don't have to show it's a function but looking at infinity and giving examples with numbers. No plugging and looking at planes. You're expecting them to be able take a test and pass it. You just want them to understand the concept that's the whole point of the discussion. Higher level mathematics absolutely can be broken down for kids to understand in a round about way. Infact that's like 90% of math up until you get to actually proofs and even proofs in the beginning can be quite simple.
It's easy to explain to a child in 3rd/4th grade who understands fractions what 1/infinity looks like by showing them it on a line. Congrats they understand the basic concept of limits. In fact id be shocked if when being introduced limits in calc 1 this isn't what they did. Since it's a fucking line with dots over it going to 0
You're avoiding the question.
Totally honest that's the only jambalaya recipe I've seen call for a roux...ever. Edit: specifically jambalaya doesn't call for a roux traditionally and that's the only recipe I've seen call for one.
Would you as a normal person be scared for their lives in this situation? Specifically people smacking your car you're surrounded yelling and jumping on the car.
That's an extreme exaggeration. But let's say he does slowly creep forward. I think cop suvs are automatic so they have that sustained like 5 mph stuff. Say he just lets off the gas and starts creeping forward. What do the protesters do? We can at least assume they'd jump on the car since they literally did that. What else would they do at that point?
Oh lol I thought you meant replacing all the meats. If you've eaten paella treat it like that (that's where its roots are from so). You could replace the chicken with shrimp as well that's extremely common.
I'm not the one declaring what's right or wrong here. And I don't support cops from choking people out and I do support police reform. But you're comparing 3-4 officers to a mob of people. It's an entirely different circumstance.
We don't know what happened before hand (unless there is more video I would like to see that personally). It's possible he was responding to a call, and the mob then surrounded him. It's possible he was pulling the ole NYPD and rolling around the block with his sirens on constantly.
Okay. Say they do call for assistance. How are they supposed to get out of that situation right now? They're surrounded by 30 people. Say they do creep forward (I didn't explain it away it was a hypothetical). What happens then...are the protesters going to get out of the way? The PA? Like the voice thing? Yea they're going to ask the protesters to get out of their way. They are def going to listen now that they got a stern talking to.
No it's not. And no people have an extra law on their side that allows people to panic and drive through people when their car is surrounded.
The overseas comparisons aren't good at all. I'm not saying we live in a police state or we should. I agree with police reform. You're assuming a lot in this discussion instead of taking what I'm saying at face value. So the protesters are just going to sit there and let it happen? You're putting a lot of faith in a crowd of people. That doesn't sound like a very smart idea to play gunshots over the speaker...
Except people have been excused because they have been surrounded by people in cars. This has happened all over the news recently...[here](https://www.startribune.com/trucker-who-rolled-into-35w-protest-released-without-charges/570957332/)
He didn't narrowly miss protesters have you seen the video lol? Have you seen the countless videos of protesters being barreled through during the past month? How many have had charges actually pressed against them?
That's the one he linked. Like I said I had never heard of it until then and I had never seen any of the big Cajun/creole chefs do it. Not saying it didn't exist. Just that was the first example I had seen. This was whenever that recipe came out bc I was getting blasted by his content after binging a bunch of Matty content.
20m households... specifically 20m accounts...
I agree on police reform. but how is he supposed to get out? Idk your comment seems contradictory.
I mean he did figure it out. So I dunno. Maybe giving police options to change rather than pushing them into corners and when they lash out get mat at them for lashing out.
It wasn't a noose. A noose is a specific type of knot. Edit: I misspoke the rope was actually tied into a noose
I hope we don't. I hope the team, the University, and sports media as a whole allows the players to be a lot more vocal and humaize the players. That way the racists can't just see the players as a white number every Saturday and maybe they'll change their view points. Edit: maybe we lose them in the way they aren't racist anymore so I agree.
I'm guessing the guy is attributing the fact that low income women have difficulty getting access to contraception to black ppl don't use condoms...good job dude?
