A pillar of fire from the sky came crashing down on the Great Wizard after Sokhor Bukh slammed his staff into the ground. "The power of the Xu Nin will not be mocked!" He yelled.
Europa Universalis 4
YEAHHHHHHHHH BOIIIIIIIIIII!
MARNER TO MATTHEWS: THE MOST DISGUSTING LINEUP WE ARE ALLOWED TO ICE!
You gotta poke check that away, kid! You let her score on you easier than when I get hot on D.Va!
We are the Joker to your Batman. Except Batman has stage 4 pancreatic cancer and Joker is just looking at his body asking "do I really want to do this? It's so unsporting."
Good Goal
I'm watching this on free tv and I want my money back.
Funny weird or funny haha?
Children's author Zachary Hyman!
Toronto's got that Raptor branding going on, can't go wrong with that.
Bring it, Buffalo.
JAKE THE GARDEN SNAKE!
I did that hours ago you dork
Saw Quill playing EU4, loved it, wanted to play too. Thanks, Quill.
Point conceded.
THATS THE STUFF, SPARKY!
No lead is safe.
Fuck. At least we got a point out of it.
Willy, you wanna get back in our good graces? Give Pasta a wedgie.
Meme machine broke.
LolRefs
Well known and popular.
Lucha House Rules getting buried as it should be.
THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR SHOWBOATING, SPUDFACE!
T-wolves.
Ninja, your team made the Stanley Cup in your second goddamn year, I would kill a litter of puppies for the Leafs to get to the finals.
Why was he that wide open?
Intermission question directed towards the Nuggets (Well, actually 2) 1: How much you love Murray? 2: This upcoming Overwatch League season, who are you cheering for?
KAWHI OUT HERE PLAYING BEYBLADE!
The narrator is extremely exasperated right now, as C.J. has somehow gotten a pink dress, parasol and blonde wig, and is now cosplaying (extremely poorly I might add) as Princess Toadstool, AKA Peach, AKA this boys gone bonkers. 33.
"And first job is this: Brock Lesnar, you are competing next week on Raw or you are fired."
Shut the fuck up, Baron. Go back to running your Duchy.
Is it bad that I have only seen a little bit of A Christmas Story?
No one deserved that shit.
You know what? as the new authority, and a representative of the Toronto Defiant, I say we just guillotine the McMahons and run this like a Socialist Commune.
Good luck, have fu- Wait, gotta do something first. *Goes down to hockey hell, finds the Hockey Devil and punches him square in the face.* GIVE US BACK OUR POWERS YOU SON OF A BITCH! *Comes back.* Okay, good luck, have fun, and go leafs go.
CAPTAIN MORGAN WITH LESS THAN A SECOND!
Hopefully we can pull out a win tonight and get all our bois back soon.
Someone is gonna slash the refs tires.
WHY CANT I BREATHE NORMALLY?
Well he's high on crack and bath salts.
Mushrooms, green olives, bacon, pepperoni, some onions, and throw a few green peppers on there, fucking awesome.
There is no way that counts.
"To be honest, it could not, unfortunately." He said disappointedly. "I have to catch a plane in the morning to go to Bangkok in the morning, and I wont be back in Europe for another 3 years. If I didn't come here today, I wouldn't have been able to deliver it at all."
He did as he was told, slightly apprehensive.
Putting the eyepatch on, he said "thank you."
That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
The only good thing about the Bruins.
Look, you and I both know that the only reason you won that game was because Vas stood on his head.
I refuse to play Fortnite. ^^^^^I ^^^^^only ^^^^^play ^^^^^Overwatch...
BERGEROOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
Santa is a Habs fan, sorry.
THE RAT KING FROM THE NUTCRACKER ESCAPED AND IS PLAYING FOR THE BRUINS!
Re: The First So *that's* where Sean Penn went...
I would, but I ate my share already and there is none left. Come to Kitchener next time my family makes it, and I might be able to get you in.
NYXL VS DEFIANT, LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Gold if true.
How did you not notice Bob Cole in the stocking, kid?
CAPTAIN MORGAN WITH A KNUCKLE PUCK!
Sixers outscore the Raptors 45-23 in the first. They end up losing by 9.
Thank you, Cameroon for all you have given us.
GIVE 'EM MULTIPLE PENALTIES, REF!
I fucked up.
Marner just got a hat trick.
"oh, that is not good." Conrad said, genty putting down the barrel. "Did you get a look at the perpetrator?"
"Me as well." Conrad said. "If we don't get back that Cold Fire, it could be used as a weapon of mass destruction. And worse, I won't get paid!"
And i demand these yellow-vested titfuckers give their balls a tug.
&gt;NRA &gt;Human rights group Pick one.
State your case.
ITS EMBEDDED IN HIM!
For Christmas, I want the Raptors to play. But Silver doesn't want Canada to get any representation.
You know what sucks? Being sick as fuck on Christmas. You know what sucks even worse? The fact that you are one of the hottest teams in the league, but you still don't get a Christmas game. You know what sucks even **worse**? KISS.
Halftime question: Who here's ready for the World Juniors tomorrow?
HAIL, HAIL FREEDONIA, LAND OF THE BRAVE AND FREE!
Pretty sure that is hilarious that Pay It Forward movie ended.
Okay, how about this: We replay the game, but the Danes get Freddy. Who wins then?
"And there will be no more for you to take until you are out of the picture."
"Tonight we have coast to coast hosts watching Space Ghost Coast to Coast while we eat some toast." "What a boast."
Fuck it, I'll make some popcorn, we'll stream The Death Of Stalin.
Now, I will admit that was offside, but that was really late.
Hella salt.
Put some respect on Grandpa Abe Simpson, you philistine!
I didn't, but then again I keep forgetting that they still exist.
Fuck off, Scheer.
Raptors are elite on defense and some asshole left the lid on our net.
GET FUCKED RUSSIA!
"Normally, I would say that is good." He said. "But in this case, well..."
Under (by 2) Over (by 3) Push Under (6 points)
"Right. A bunch of neo-terran supremacist cultists who think that they are the messengers of a long-dead general because reasons." Cupid said dismissively. "They got lucky in ambushing us. I guarantee that with this arsenal, if Hellfire is saying this right, will give us the edge."
WE LOSE EVERY WEEK! WE LOSE EVRY WEEEEEEEEEK! YOU'RE NOTHING SPECIAL! WE LOSE EVERY WEEK!
"but they are still a threat." Varangian said. "We can't be cocky around them. They'll just punk us again."
Only one dinger as well.
Yes
"Maybe Drake should go out to eat with him more often." Drake's gotta take all the Warriors out for a nice brunch.
"there should be a keypad just under the right hand side." She said. Sure enough, right near her right hand was a keypad.
Hope Igouduala is alright.
The pair exited the mech, onto the catwalk, no doubt to see what kind of mechs they had.
"Alright, Cupid, since you're Matron's lieutenant, you choose." Hellfire said. "Okay, I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 500." They said. Thinking for a moment, they were about to speak, but they said "No, we aren't doing it like this. Hellfire, you mind handing me a piece of paper from your notepad?" Hellfire nodded at this request, pulling out a small notepad and tearing out a piece of paper, about 6 inches long. Tearing it into 3 equal pieces, they said "Okay, now you two write your guess on this piece of paper, I'll write mine on this one," They held up a piece," And on the count of 3, we reveal."
About 30 seconds later, with the 3 facing in opposite directions as to not see what each other wrote, they had their answers. Going over to a crate, Cupid said "Okay, on 3, we reveal. 1... 2... 3!" Flipping the papers over, Cupid showed 290. Varangian had 380, while Zombie showed 200. "Are you kidding me?" Zombie asked. "Well now what?" Varangian also asked. Turning to Lady Hishihime, they asked "Okay, you got any ideas?"
"Crusader." Zombie said. "Albatross." Varangian said. Lady Hishihime may have not been great at memorizing mechs, but she knew that the Albatross was more of a ballistic mech, and that the Crusader was much closer in terms of philosophy, an energy sniper, to the Sekmet than the Albatross was.
"You thought that the Crusader was closer than the Albatross." He said, going to the next one, just shaking his head at the mech. "Honestly, now that I think about it, yeah, you made the right choice. Ah! Here we go." Stepping near a mech with what looked like wings, he smiled. "The Hussar. 6 Autocannons with 2 medium lasers, jump jets and decent speed."
Charlie, I'll give you 100 bucks if you go out there and hit Hernandez with a pedigree.
"Generally, people don't make places like this just for mech storage. I would be extremely surprised if they didn't have something like that." Varangian said. Walking over, Hellfire asked "What's going on?" "Blackrot in the Hussar. Probably infected a lot more." Cupid said. "Ah hell. Anyone breath it in?" She asked.
… Everything seems to be in order. Continue on.
#WHO WANTS THERMIDOR YANKEE?
As she moved down, the smell of the blue mold became less strong. She came across a door, which seemed to be locked.
Pulling back a bit, Roxana kissed her way to Naomi's right ear, before whispering "Want me to return the favor?"
American, DPS, brother of Broken Matt Hardy
I don't really pay attention to the Padres (Jays fan) But, i can see it.
With the Defiant playing tomorrow, they better mention the Raptors, Or i am gonna come talk to them.
Reign, if you choke this away, we're moving you to Rouyn-Noranda.
"Every Jays sunday home game is an adventure!" Oh, its an adventure, alright...
Babybay whiffed that like Bill Buckner.
I'm at work right now, but I just want to say a couple of things. #FUCK SAUDI ARABIA AND FUCK THEIR CROWN PRINCE!
I'm on break.
There's nothing wrong with an old fashioned match, just not my style. Too slow for my tastes unless there are some hard-hitting spots.
"there's a referee behind R Truth" I thought that was a steward.
Remember when Braun was booked as a killer? I miss that Braun. Just have Braun kill a motherfucker.
"Most likely to go winless" If it's toronto, I'm fine with it as long as the Raptors win the title. If that doesn't happen, catch me flipping tables.
BENWORST GOES DOWN TO AID!
Then rip the crutch out of their hands and shove it up their urethras!
IM37 PLAYING SIMO HAHYA HERE!
GG paris. Go Raptors.
Whose ready for some dingers? Wait, this isn't 2015. Wait, who's the President and who's the Prime Minister?
Raps. In. 5. HZS 3 - 1 PHI SEO 3 - 1 GZC (Is this game today?) VAN 4 - 0 ATL LAV 3 - 1 CDH
SIDDOWN BUTTHUFFER!
when did GOATs start?
How did Neptuno escape?
How low can you go?
And somehow, the Defiant are *still* in the playoff hunt!
Okay, I think I know why they didn't nerf GOATs before. Because it was already nerfed, we just didn't recognize it.
You're right. Let's see what this can do against the likes of the Shock or Titans.
Semmler looks like a middle school teacher who tries way too hard to connect with the kids.
"You are a simple man." Nice way of saying "Boy, you dumb as shit."
That was at the end of Stage 1. Don't watch it. It's terrible.
A Canadian killing Janus. Where have I seen that before? (No, Kawhi isn't Canadian, but if we win tomorrow, he's gonna be an honorary one.)
The American women's football team beat Thailand. Wanna know the score? #13-0!
#THEROPOD NOISES!!!
[Well, Shock, you better get to know Listowel, because you're getting moved there!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Listowel,_Ontario)
Jokes on you, I got no girls or no scope. skills.
He Stay.
*narrator: it aged poorly*
Chris, Volskaya wasn't a hill, it was a goddamn cliff with sharp rocks and venomous eels that breath lightning at the bottom.
u/Spez you seeing this shit?
Dear conservative party: Fuck you, fuck your ideals, fuck your rich buddies and fuck the far right. If there is any justice in this world, you will lose all your seats, and Canada becomes a worker's republic. I spit on the legacy of Stephen Harper, and piss on the legacy of Andrew Scheer. Okay, rant over. I'm good.
CAPS VS CANES! PENGUINS VS JETS! STARS VS CANUCKS! LIGHTNING VS DUCKS! #LETS! FUCKING! GO!
NO, JUSTICE, YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE IN BATTLE OF CANNAE MODE, NOT BATTLE OF ZAMA MODE!
Idea: You only get your walkout song if you are the home team. Problem: Not everyone has a walkout song. Solution: Give everyone a walkout song.
"Drop down like a falcon from the sky" Well if it's anything like the Dirty Birds, they have nothing to worry about.
I'm gonna have to read the Toronto Sports Contract™ to check.
Well, in good news, Canada's beating New Zealand 2-0.
Note can't carry these fools.
1) Nice pitch. 2) That wasn't a strike. 3) Robo umps when?
Bless fam.
"Their streak was ended by the Houston Outlaws." *TidusLaugh.MP4*
WHAT POWER!?!
"It's so shiny!" It's copper.
Time to see Michelle on Sombraaaaaaaand it'ts Fits.
Someone call the Toronto Raptors in, they need to teach these mofos about defense.
*Janus wants to know your location*
I mean, the Avalanche almost came close to it because Melnyk is a cheap fuck.
They absolutely can.
Nico Hischer out here sniping fools.
Inb4 Jackson throws a perfect game.
Who's the person who gets targeted for assassination the most? Who's in second place? Opinion of the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Cash considerations. Failing that, someone who can start for the Jays, because Edwin Jackson sure as fuck can't.
Dude, this is normal procedure. The Raptors are an outlier.
Because I want the players to actually survive.
&gt;After starting 8-0 HUH?
"Moth shoving people off ledges." Keep him away from the Golden Gate Bridge.
"If you don't kill Sinatraa, he will kill you." * Sammy Davis Jr.
Sinatraa out here sucking on some Martian titties, boys!
"yes! Please!" She begged.
I mean, it's gotta compare to the other 3 movies which are classics.
Nenne getting Nae-Nae'd on!
GG to both teams. THis next game? Not gonna be this close.
"Show us your tongue." "Hell no." "Understandable, have a nice day."
Gritty for official executioner
"They got some games that they can take away." Atlanta, if you lose to the Mayhem, you are getting laughed at and moved to Palmerston.
"What are you making, Plague?" "I'm making how the Defiant make me feel... aaaaaaand done." *painting is Steve Dangle, in a Toronto Defiant jersey, screaming*
Sansam on brig is... interesting.
"Getting that de-mick." *Ireland's OWWC team wants to know your location.*
"Philly emptied the piggy bank." Too close for coin throwing. Switching to batteries.
I'm not editing it to be 1/6th English and 1/6th Latvian.
Look, this is a stupid running joke, I'm not changing it now.
PREDS VS STARS! BRUINS VS HABS! COYOTES VS PANTHERS! DUCKS VS CANUCKS! #LET'S! FUCKING! GO!
Those are oranges, not peaches.
Toronto was actually #3.
Edge has it. Took it from the Shock.
Fuck.
Can he play Baptiste?
It's the gods taking their pay for the rest of Boston sports. Fuck the Bruins, Red Sox, Patriots and Celtics.
I'll keep ripping them off until the Bruins fuck off and stop eliminating us in the first round.
Really? Neat. Any Canadians in the running, or nah?
Do you want Jim Cornette to storm WWE headquarters with a flaming tennis racket?
Why aren't *you* wearing them?
Counterpoints. *The opening scene also established exactly how Bo ended up leaving Molly's room in the first place. *I think I remember somewhere that Bo was supposed to have a Linda Hamilton-esque scene in Toy Story 1 where she rescued Buzz and Woody from Sid's house, but they scrapped it. *Forky's character arc didn't end until he got back in the backpack imo *Technically true, but then we are robbed of Key and Peele's great performance, and they stole the show for me. *Okay, I can't argue with this, but then again, Buzz has always been a deuteragonist. *Woody's character was essentially realizing "your kid has moved on, there is nothing more you can do." Once he gets back, he realizes that he would be happier with Bo than with Bonnie. *The toys were how they managed to get the family back to the carnival (and almost arrested, in the dad's case.) *When was an adult ever the focus? Maybe the old woman being attacked by ducky and bunny, but after that... Edited for more points
It can go down when I say it can go down. And that's not until Kitchener-Waterloo gets a team. Fragi, Crimzo, Mangachu, Surefour, Bischu and Ellivote are gonna be our starting six (We poach Surefour from the Gladiators in exchange for a bunch of cash.) edit: Need another healer, dps and shield tank, so... Roolf, Logix and AceOfSpades.
Letting out a moan, her eyes began to roll into her head. Gripping Naomi's hair, she pulled her close, trying to wring out her orgasm as much as possible.
Roxana screamed as she came once more, squirting directly into Naomi's face. Calming down a bit, she said "Sorry, that's never happened bef-"
#YOU KNOW WHAT? I'LL TAKE IT!
He is? Shit, must've missed his birthday.
Correct
"Whatever that phrase is." Fuck the Bruins? That's my favorite phrase.
Damn my sleep schedule. HZS 3 - 2 LAV PAR 0 - 4 SEO SFS 4 - 0 CDH
CANES VS DUCKS! HABS VS PENGUINS! SHARKS VS PREDS! #LETS! FUCKING! GO!
"Any type of tea works." She said. Looking over, she asked "Anyone ever tell you that you got a cute butt?"
"Well it's true." She said, going back to meditating.
The Valiant show that they are alive once again, shooting down the Spitfire 3-1. Hey Logix, welcome to the Defiant. Here's your welcoming gift, a 4-0 pounding by the Gladiators. THIS TEAM IS RUINING MY LIFE! Justice is blind, so are you if you think Washington has a chance. 3-1 Outlaws.
Thank Mr. Logix
&gt;Haven't won anything since 1967 You are running out of time for that joke.
#DELETE! DELETE! DELETE!
EJECT, LONDON! EJECT!
New York about to commit some war crimes out here tonight.
So, the barn cat at my dad's work had kittens, and he brought one home.
Personally, I give the slight edge to Agilities, but I haven't seen them really get into the DPS roles this season and I am hella biased to the beaut from Alberta.
Buncha degens from down-country.
NYXL Sandbags: available now!
The Red Sox commentators are a bunch of hypocritical jerks. In other news, grass is green.
Now, I am not sure if this is relevant, but I saw Saybeolbe get handed an envelope by Jayne and told "Throw like your life depends on it."
Taimou with a "Hello, bitch!"
"Gotta be Saquon Barkley" "Is that how you spell that name?" "How the fuck should I know?"
"So, let's talk about Justi-" *Door breaks down* "JUSTICE REIGNS FROM ABOVE!" *Screaming as rocket barrage hits them all* "SEXTUPLE KILL!"
FIRE AERO! OUT OF A CANNON! INTO A SPIKEPIT MADE OF RUSTED SPIKES!
It's actually the Kitchener-Waterloo Killer Whales, the logo is basically a modified Plymouth Whalers logo, and we play at Kinsmen Arena.
"Let's talk about Justi-" *Door breaks down* "GET OVER HERE!" *Old guy gets spear chain in the chest, pandemonium starts up*
"IM RCK JAMES, BITCH!"
(Take your time, I'm not going anywhere.)
Don't make me call Oxford and Mirriam-Webster.
Deflecting the sword away with the hook swords, Hazan crouched low and went for the legs, catching his ankle with the hook and knocking him on his rear, before slashing downward, trying to catch him in the stomach.
Rolling and getting back up, Hazan summoned a bow and arrow, nocking the arrow and pulling it taut, he took aim at Segat's sword arm, trying to disable him. He let the arrow fly, a plume of smoke left behind by the arrow.
Doubling over in pain, Hazan tries to scurry away, throwing dust into Segat's eyes.
(Not really.) Waiting for him to get in range, Hazan produced a blade and slashed at Segat's neck, connecting with something.
Swinging impotently at him Segat heard the voice from the ether call out; "KILL!" it boomed
Chuckling, she started getting dressed before pausing. "Hey, you wouldn't happen to have a shower and bathroom, would ya?"
"if you want." She smiled.
Dodging the sword swing, Thraws managed to grab his sword arm, squeezing his wrist in a vicelike grip.
Yeah, it's classy. like the people of (insert home town here) would know class. *Boos rain down*
But this one glows red! RED! Red is my favorite colour!
Charlie, get someone warmed up.
Pray for us. LAG 2 - 3 VAN LDN 1 - 3 SFS HOU 4 - 0 TOR CDH 2 - 3 SEO
"Titans are back in control." Force them to surrender?
They are fucked now.
"I said ITS STUPID, CONTAGIOUS, TO BE BROKE AND FAMOUS, CAN SOMEONE PLEASE SAVE US FROM BUMPER 101?"
"Nerd!" No, you gotta say it like this. *Ahem* #NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRD!
Violets are blue A neutron star's dense Neither of these teams can play fucking defense.
"We'll see if London can turn it around." *Narrator: They couldn't turn it around.*
r/PunPatrol Sir, may I see your license for these levels of puns?
Sir, these are C-class level puns, you need a license to use them in non-pun friendly zones, you do understand this, right?
I'll change it up in stage 4.
Now *this* team is fucking sexy.
#ALRIGHT BABY! LETS FUCKING GO!
If this is our lineup going forward, I can see us sneaking back into contention.
Ripping it away, she looks at her hand. It's a bad wound, but she could still fight. "Okay, now im furious."
#ITT FUCKING WORKDED!
Falling backwards, Velibus checked the wound that his axe caused.
"Kiss me" I would, but im not in Toronto.
It was a bump to me. Also, im blind and biased. I'll call Andersen getting breathed on goalie interference.
Hey Disney, i'll pay you 50 bucks to delete that scene of Olaf shaking his hips.
"I'm Kendall and i'm from LA." Yeah, no thanks.
It's what you want.
Alright, cowboy, your city doesn't have any snow. You try skating on a lake, you sink.
You need webbed feet in order to do that, you don't have enough surface area to do that.
If he's not thrown out, then this league is cemented as a fucking joke.
Why are you booing? They're right!
Corey Perry. The only player I wouldn't want on my team more than Brad Marchand.
"Loud and clear." Tulxi replied.
Sorry, not picking up what you're putting down.
My brother is probably malding rn.
She's actually a dentist? Fucking sweet.
Shout out to Ajax, which, coincidentally, is my favorite hero in Age of Mythology.
If that happens, I'll give you silver and punch you.
How can you score .14159~ goals?
Tag yourself, I'm the old guy in Canada antlers
Lafraniere turning this into a laffer
I submit a nickname for Joonas Oden. The Allfather.
I think you forgot eggs for dinner.
Hey, no using elastigirl power to score wraparounds from the circle!
Your name doesn't happen to be Farnsworth, would it?
Pinto is a piece of shit.
Like a bolt of lightning, the one that saw him rushed him, charging on all fours as it bit at his torso with its large jaw.
Movie pitch: The new dolittle movie, but replace RDJ with Eddie Murphy.
JOHN "ITS NOT ABOUT QUANTITY, ITS ABOUT QUALITY" TAVARES!
Let him score a hatty, damnit!
Not over yet.
PLAY THE DIABLO THEME!
"This match is brought to you by RAID: SHADOW LE-"
Sweden, you have to stay out of the box.
20 minutes to win it. Let's go.
#SVERIGE!
LAFRENIERE IS LAFREN-UNFAIR!
THIS IS GETTING EMBARASSING!
The last time the refs were this bad, Canada and the Soviet Union got kicked out of the tournament.
I've been hurt too many times.
Lennart Green is better and he doesn't make me wanna defenestrate a motherfucker.
GG Finns, I wish this game was more competitive.
good job, Oilers.
Good luck, Houston. And whoever wins, if we face the Patriots, lets kill those fuckos.
That might be passer interference tbh.
From the touch, it felt like gold, if a little harder. But there seemed to be an almost electrical charge in it.
brownRIP those guys ankles.
I... wait, what the fuck did I say? I'm looking at my comment, how the hell am I a turncoat?
Fuck you, Dinwiddie, I made your mom so wet, Trudeau deployed a 24 hour infantry division to stack sandbags around my bed!
That's fair.
you are drinking tha- excuse me for a minute.
I don't drink, ill take it.
My dad's yelling at the Bills/Texans game. I'm afraid to check what the hells going on.
Someone on the Leafs score!
GET GIRAFFE'D, ISLES!
Wait, did that go in?
That was a much better period.
Keep charging, Titans, we need someone to stop the evil empire!
Good luck!
I mean, if I had IDGAF money, I'd wear jammies to leafs games too.
HYMAN!
We gotta stay out of the box.
As he got close, he could see a number of silk sacs lining the walls, red seeping out of most of them, but some leaked blue or even green.
"Sanitizing?" Tulxi asked. "What are you going to do?"
#MOTHERFUCKER!
They were destroyed effortlessly. In the distance, he could hear something big and pissed off.
No kicking from what I saw.
#TIED GAME! FUCK YOU HATERS!
tie game! Vikings, if you score here, i'll buy a Cousins jersey.
HOORAY!
Just keep her out of St. Louis, then.
Not really.
No one: This thread: WOW SUCH SALT, MUCH TOXIC, WOW
I don't know. If I was a doctor, I wouldn't be here, now would I?
THOSE POOR SONS OF BITCHES, WE GOT THEM RIGHT WEHRE WE WANT THEM!
Just need 2+ goals. Doable.
"The barkeep, and what's going on is that I am pissed!"
If anyone else gets injured, im picketing.
"Show who's at the front door." *Outside your door is Barack Obama, 44th President of the United States, wearing a tracksuit covered in blood and holding a shotgun. He shouts for you to open up before they get him. What do you do?*
#BONJOUR!
Did they miss 2 clear fouls on Portland? Absolutely.
Okay, calm down.
…. *sigh*
Son of a fuck!
Okay, just kill this off and lets get back in the offensive zone.
poop.
Someone's glove went flying.
"200 credits a day."
"Thank you, dearly. " she said, following her to the throne.
"Ten minutes? I thought you said that they would be here in a few hours. How long were we down there?"
Guys, if he were to accept the role, I am pretty sure that would mean the end of Letterkenny.
You know what? I'm gonna predict something crazy. Vikings win 27-20. Edit: There is a reason I don't bet on sporting events.
"DQ: Happy tastes good." Is that why your fries taste like depression?
tHe ChIeFs ArE gOiNg To WiN ThIs GaMe!
fucking coward.
Look mommy, I'm a Texan! *Violently chokes while shitting myself*
Jesus fucking Christ almighty, Texans.
Bring it, Kitties.
LEAP!
Question: What are your concession prices like?
I mean, he's still little, but he uses that size well.
Fuck it, the Chiefs came back from 24 down, we can come back down from 2
Hey ref, don't hit their players.
NOT THE FUCKING GIRAFFE!
I third this idea of shooting a player in order to instill fear in this team.
"Sorry, not great with pronouns." She said. "But still, if you are ambushed, retreat."
#BRAD MARCHAND IS A FUCKING LOSER!
Great save, freddy!
FREDDY TYHE 3-TANK 3-SUPPORT!
EXIT LIGHT! ENTER NIGHT!
okay, that's not fucking fair, Coleman.
Ooooooooooooooh fuck yeah bud
I hope the Raptors of Toronto hit a Home Run over the Thunder of Oklahoma.
7 turnovers for the thunder. holy fucky.
Agreed. 1917 is the most beautiful movie I have seen in my entire life, and if it loses its a crime.
I think its gonna be 1917, but then again, im a sucker for films sucker for films filmed as 1 long shot.
Another movie that should have gotten one in my opinion? Endgame. Yes, I am serious.
PUT THAT FUCKING PUCK IN THE BACK OF THE FLAMES NET GODDAMNIT!
aww...
Hot take.
ive lost count of the wizards turnovers.
LOWRY'S BACK!
The action is so nerve-wracking I cant even describe it, even though I want to, *goddamnit Overwatch Contenders, I just want to watch your programming, why must you do this to me-*
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooooo
Excuse me while I go bury myself in the snow outside.
…..
THERE! LETS FUCKING GO!
At what point do we just say fuck it and start chokeslamming the refs?
Still preferable to the Patriots here again.
Ontario Hockey League news, Kitchener Rangers have just come back from a 3-0 deficit against the Guelph Storm to win 5-4
Green Bay 24 - 34 San Francisco.
Look for my other comments, and don't open it up in front of grandma
She said nothing, just stewing.
LITHUANIAN LIGHTNING STRIKES!
I was like "The basketball player?" And then I remembered that's Jayson Tatum, and then I remembered that Brandon Tatum is a bitch.
Hot take.
"The major egg hive should be deeper inside the mines. Key word here is should." Tulxi said.
GREAT START KNIGHTS!
"Good luck with that!" Tulxi shouted back.
It was really hard to see, as it was darkness. (Kappa)
Recovery associate for Allianz.
"I-" She was about to protest, before thinking better of it and shutting up.
As much as we want to stop, as much as it hurts, as much as we just wanna say "Fuck it" and weep together, wee must go on. It's what Kobe would have wanted, I think.
Stay strong, man. I'm here for you.
Kobe Bryant is gone, but Henry Kissinger is still alive. What the fuck is wrong with this world.
And he eliminates Brock within 30 seconds. Do it, cowards!
Before the show starts proper, I just wanna say, I picked up Valkyria Chronicles yesterday, and it is a really interesting game so far.
If she doesn't win, you have to cheer for the Leafs.
I can do that.
Santina is about to die on live tv.
BASZLER INCOMING!
THIS IS WHY YOU KICK THEM WHEN THEY ARE OUT! BASEBALL SLIDE! SLIDE LIKE CHASE UTLEY!
You wanna be a real heel? Kick her kid's head off. Why yes, I am an evil bastard, how could you tell?
"Thank you, your majesty. I must admit, I am not accustomed to outfits such as these."
Fuck the break, time for hockey.
Enough losing, time to go on a tear.
Pussy
love me some classic purple.
THAT BALL MOVEMENT!
"How could taking away Rey Mysterio's vision possibly help Raw?" It allows Rey to get a laser eye and become the true hero raw needs.
Its a hard life picking stones and pulling teats, but as sure as God's got sandals, it beats fighting dudes with treasure trails.
AND YOU ARE OUTTA HERE!
I wish to be at least 1 tenth the man Bill Russell is. What an absolute legend.
Does Kross look like a shaved Yuri from Red Alert to anyone else?
Why am I reminded of the Reply of the Zaporozhian Cossacks?
Maybe so, but does being annoying mean you attack anyone at the drop of a hat?
I thought that was CM Punk for a sec.
Stepping off the train was a black man of about 50 years, his eyes weary and tired, his face shaved except for a thin goatee, and wearing a brown duster with a badge on it, saying "U.S. Marshall". On his back, he carried a Winchester repeater, and if the people looked close enough, they could see two Colt Revolvers under his duster. (And now, let's see how difficult I made this for myself.)
Looking at him around, Joshua asked "What is going on here?" before reaching into his duster to cock his revolvers in case things got hectic.
"Damnit. Another problem for me to deal with." He muttered.
Oh it absolutely will. Im against this in every way, shape and form.
Dear Boston, WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST DO?
Alright, Gladiators. Beat the shit out of these BM'ing fucks.
Didn't that game bomb?
Wait. I think i fucked up my roles. You see, this is why i shouldn't be allowed to make teams.
SabaPing going insane!
Spice, please. I get that youre hype, but you are blowing up everyones speakers.
(I prefer Caramilk) 25-C seemed to be hungry. Whether it was for flesh or for chocolate, Nicole could not be sure.
"I know what you want... You want a KLONDIKE BAR!"
Well, it was a Utahraptor, so she could probably get it in the ribs. The problem was, could she get the shot off?
Yes! Not completely useless!
Man, it is *Really* uncomfortable seeing everyone without protective masks.
Otis in the corner just vibin'
Isnt the MITB contract only for the Universal title?
"As long as there is food and a bed, it works for me. Mind pointing me in the right direction?" Joshua asked.
"Its hiiiiiiigh-" #GIT DAT GAHBAGE OUTTA HERE!
Good, it isnt just me.
NORI! brownBLESS
Ball/Zarya... What do we call this? Russian Roulette?
"19 teams down, 1 to go." Shock... How do you sweep yourself?
&gt; D-Tier: Defiant monkaGun Change this
STOP DYING YOU COWARDS!
DAMEDANE
I cant betray Toronto. It would be like me cheering for the Habs or the Bruins, just cant do it.
Technically, he went there on his own. And i dont blame him at all. I think if he stayed, Toronto couldve ran the East for the next 5 years easy, but i dont blame him for wanting to go home.
"Jack In The Box delivers, unlike the Dallas Fuel Kappa"
Oh dont worry, i'm staying away from him.
Ladies and gentlemen, if the Titans are able to sweep the Fuel, it will be the biggest upset in league history, bar none.
And now, for a joke. #YOU GUYS LOST TO THE TITANS? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Are these ticks fresh?
Im glad to see Geguri at least got a map of play.
Okay, i think we can all admit that the Valiant are much better than we thought they would have been. Kudos to the scouting team.
"No more sports references." BUT THATS MY ENTIRE FUCKING JOB! WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO NOW?
"Oh, i feed." "That was... Very up front." "Honesty is the best policy." "It... It really isnt."
It sounded like Jaws just shouted "SHIT!" on stream.
Sometimes its stupid, but we can get by when we mock it. If you dont take it too seriously, you should be fine.
This is why you never take your eye off the Nature Boy in a match like this. If possible, attack him first, and then handcuff him to the bottom rope.
Hey Scott, what kind of program is So Much More?
Brock? Idk.
Damn, Ivar is acrofatic.
Looking her in the eyes, she asked "Do you know why I didnt go to Mr. Willis?"
"Sounds good. How about drink?"
Good for both sides. In other news, Rob Manfred is a bitch.
Nodding, she laid own on the table. "Once you open me up, I am going to be unconscious. When you put the casing back on, I will awake."
Taking a sip of water, he said "Well, me and my family were slaves on a plantation owned by Caleb Roberts' family. I was... I wanna say 15 when I escaped with them."
Aw. such a handsome boi :) Also, shout out to KCI.
"I should have listened to mother. Working for the Red Wings may be humiliating, you get thrown onto the ice all the time, but at least you dont get eaten..."
I mean, I've never heard a Beaver be racist.
"Well... As long as you are sure..." Sophie tries moving her body, but finds it difficult. "Bonecarver, i have a question for you. Are you scared?"
Yes. I am.
Alright, Agilities, Genji is meta now. Pop off please.
This Summer Showdown sponsored by Freezies. I mean, I wish they were, but Overwatch League and Kisko wont return my emails, the fucking cowards.
"If you said i would have seen Junkrat/Genji out of florida 2 weeks ago, i would have had you sectioned." Hex.
May Agilities prove he isnt completely washed up, may Decay continue to ride the bench, and may the MLB fire Rob Manfred out of a cannon. In the name of the Big Irishman, we pray. #AMEN!
... We need to blow this team up.
[This.](https://youtu.be/fGMViTfNPkQ?t=12)
Hex, whats up with your voice?
Jaws is also a Drell.
HOW DID WE GET TO STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM? Also Vanilla Ice Cream 4 Lyfe.
Please end my suffering.
Can we steal the Shocks B squad?
SHREDLOCK SENDING THE SUPPORT LINE FOR A DRINK!
WHERE THE FUCK WAS THE UPRISING? FUSIONS SHATTERED AND WHERE WERE THE OTHERS, CIRCLEJERKING IN THE SHOWERS?
What hockey? There is no hockey right now.
Wait, she was modeling for Chengdu? I thought she was repping the Dynasty.
Ans is actually an AI that is preparing to take over the world. Shock, you've doomed us all.
"He... Oh. And that was supposed to turn me away?"
Up next, its time for the worst teams in the league (Not named Toronto widepeepoSad)
Yeah, he died after a swimming accident after saving his kid. I'll be honest, his gimmick in WWE (tag team Cryme Tyme) was kinda racist, but it was hype as fuck, him and JTG made that gimmick work.
&gt;Ttuba is booped upwards :D &gt;He does that D:
Absolutely no one.
"Dress shirt and gym shorts, thats another great combo." Not according to my last 5 interviews.
Tell me Ruby doesnt look like Jack from Mass Effect.
Maybe Austin is just a little under the weather. #BUT HEY! THATS JUST A THEORY! A GAME THEORY!
He came in, he led us to the promised land, and then he went home. I would have loved for him to stay in Toronto, we would've ran the league for years to come, but i respect him, and he will always be a top 3 Raptor.
