And as a car ages, so does the battery. A knackered old battery will be very expensive to replace, and drive the second hand value down hugely.
I'll have a look at your blog. I really like the idea of electric cars, but as someone who's pretty much always bought second hand, older cars I remain concerned that EVs are 'not for me'. In particular, the battery life is a source of concern, as I understand they're a significant fraction of the cost of the vehicle, and could put a big crimp on second hand values.
If you've voted for a party without members or manifesto already, the lack of moral character seems largely irrelevant.
As our Saviour Lord Buckethead fortold: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJzW_gFoXR0
My remaining hope is that this will suck a lot, and it'll teach us all a much needed lesson about listening to demagogues, and political engagement. And maybe, just maybe, have us embrace the EU for all the right reasons in a decade or so. It's a bit of a thin hope though. I can't see the 'sea change' we might need for that to happen.
I shall maybe look again next time I buy a car. Hopefully it's a way off yet though!.
Sure. And I won't disagree particularly. But I can also recognise how manifesto -&gt; party -&gt; implement manifesto could be deemed a desirable feature.
Certainly of interest to me, as a single-salary means I'm pretty much going to have to.
If you're a 40% tax payer, then £33,000 in a Marcus will earn you the £500 of your PSA. If you're a 20% tax payer, you're good up to £66k. ISAs are pretty useless these days, because being tax free is meaningless if your interest rate is absurdly low.
No. It's not _illegal_ to be an asshole. That's not the same thing.
Oh my sweet summer child. You have such wonderful things to look forward to. Like grinding for a pleasure yacht/zubmarine.
I've pointed people at this calculator before: https://www.entitledto.co.uk/ But I think 'not a UK citizen' is a significant disqualifying factor, but depends an awful lot on where you are citizens of - if it's EU, you've access to a lot of the same options. If it's non EU, it could be profoundly different. But pretty fundamentally, what you're doing is living in an extremely high cost of living area, on a single wage. That's _always_ going to be tough.
- Hostile Environment - most of the terrorism legislation passed. - landlords having to test right of residency. - institutional racism in various government departments. It need not be directly racist to have that effect implicitly. The idealised version of Conservative Britain doesn't have many brown faces in it. Just enough to keep the Chinese and Indian restaurants going.
Not at all reckless. The thing is - S&amp;S is volatile - it goes up and down fast. The way you mitigate that is by being prepared to wait. The reason for the 'don't do it if you need the money soon' guidance is because you don't want to be forced to cash out at a loss. So if your timescale is flexible, then that's much less of a problem. Saving for a house in an S&amp;S ISA is not the worst thing in the world to do, because quite simply - when it's up (like it is now) you've got to your goal faster. You can take advantage of that fluctuation, cash out your money, and be ready to go "now" rather than potentially in another year or two. The same rationale applies to pensions I think - if your ideal is to retire at 58, but you're prepared to slip it by up to 10 years, you can simply wait until it's 'comfortable' - good performance means early retirement, bad performance means waiting until 'normal' age. But if you were _definitely_ retiring on your 68th birthday, holding equities up until that date would be gambling your retirement on a market crash not happening the week before. THAT would be reckless.
Dehumidifiers are a thing I'd recommend to almost anyone. It makes such a lot of difference to have a house full of dry air, rather than damp air.
Yes, it's allowed. When the contract renews, they terms can be changed. You can challenge an 'unreasonable' increase in some circumstances: https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/housing/renting-privately/during-your-tenancy/challenging-a-rent-increase/ or you can of course, move out. But I'm not sure that a £125 increase over 8 years would be deemed 'unreasonable'.
Titles mean nothing outside the organisation you're in. If your job is 'basically a sysadmin' no one is going to care if your CV says 'sysadmin' no matter what your job title actually is. Actually, most people doing the hiring will prefer that, than some grandiose or generic title.
An assured shorthold tenancy - which yours _almost certainly_ is - automatically becomes 'rolling' after the fixed period. Notice is needed - by either party - to end the agreement, and it NEVER happens automatically. Which is why this is just such a big scam. The 'renewal fee' is literally 'reprint contract with a new date, collect money'. Occasionally after checking with a landlord they don't want to increase the rent or throw you out instead. But for something that's not strictly speaking necessary at all. It protects you against being served notice by the landlord for the rest of the period. But it means you commit to paying the landlord money for that period too. It's doing the landlord considerably more favours than it is you. Which is another reason why landlords and letting agents are keen on it, and another reason why charging you for the privilege is just offensive.
Best LTV is 95%. Cost of conveyancing, survey, etc. Would be the lump sum. E.g. Inherent costs of buying.
IMO you should square off "rent" vs. "maintenance" + "mortgage interest" and look at the capital repayment separately and compare that to 'savings rate'. And then compare the 'rental fees' vs. the conveyancing/survey and any money 'lost' during the negotiation due to overlapping. This _often_ favours buying over a longer term, but the gap is narrower than widely assumed.
So "only" doubling their contributions? Yeah. Ok.
"They call him The Rabbi." "Why?" "Because he's a rabbi"
What nonsense is this. Rat people don't exist. To suggest otherwise would be heresy
The test - and license - is not to use a road. Pedestrians, children, runners and cyclists alike get to do that. The test and license are for operating lethal machinery. Even with the test - there's plenty of drivers who aren't as safe as they should be. Not least in giving sufficient space to cyclists who are also _entitled_ to use the road. But only one of these parties has any real chance of killing the other with their carelessness \*. \* Yes, I know people have been killed by cyclists. It's big news because it's really very rare, where car fatalities are just so common no one really bothers to report on them any more.
I think there's two parts to that as well. It actually does your confidence a load of good to know you _could_ do that, but you don't _want_ to. So you've a lot more incentive to study hard, and work to self-improve, because whilst you know you've always go the 'safety net' of working retail.... you don't want to have to use it.
I agree, with a qualification - there's a lot of really bad cycle infrastructure out there, that's both slower and less safe than just riding on the roads. Common (I mean, embarassingly so) problems include: - Excessive yielding of right of way. Particularly on the cycle-path/pavement combos and when there's obstacles. - Paths that don't form a complete route - it's a lot more dangerous to 'merge in' to traffic when your cycle path disappears entirely. - The above goes double when the path is 'just' for the relatively safe 'side-of-road' bit of the journey, but that vanishes in the considerably more dangerous 'negotiating a junction' stage. - Paths that are potholy - edge of the road with lots of potholes is very dangerous when you're only rolling on two wheels. - Paths with 'gutter-clutter' that mean you're considerably more likely to pick up broken class in your not-too-glassproof tyres (And yes, puncture resistant does exist. But I've still managed to get a shard of glass through one) - Paths with too many obstacles. I mean seriously - a slalom of trees, lamp posts, and road signs is not conducive to a smooth and safe journey. It's quite shocking how frequent all of these things are - I'm pretty confident that cycle paths are _often_ put in places by people who don't really appreciate or understand what they're really for, and so we end up with space wasted on cycle infrastructure that's worse.
Sounds like "Driving without due care and attention" to me.
Insurers don't expect to 'lose' on a wide scale. They price their policies accordingly. At a crude level - they look up your average life expectancy, your age now, and set a premium that means _most_ customers will pay them more than they get. And that's true of all insurance - it's how the companies make money. insure 1000 people, based on the average (median) life expectancy being 85. Paying from 65-85 at £10/month = £2400. So if they set the payout at that number, then they notionally break even - anyone who dies 'early' gets back more than they put in. Anyone who dies late, loses overall. It really is that simple (ok, so they put a profit margin on top, and then maybe you lose to inflation too). But it also means it's not good value overall - like most insurance. If you're buying insurance for 'being good value' then you're missing the purpose of it - it exists to 'cover' a risk that you can't otherwise accept. I mean, take a hypothetical scenario: - You buy a house - You have a family - You're fairly young - You can't 'maintain' the house if one of the wage earners dies unexpectedly. So you insure 'residual house value' against death. This works out because the probability of payout is low, so the premium is too. There's actually a reasonable chance that the insurance company won't have to pay out at all (because you'll survive to pay off your mortgage), or it's later-term in the mortgage so the payout drops. The premium isn't too high, but the money is 'wasted' - unless you accept that the thing you paid for is peace of mind. That's why 'later life' or 'guaranteed payout' policies aren't really a good idea overall - because the probability of death increases rapidly as you get older, so the premium vs. payoff falls. And the impact of your death drops too, at least partially covered by inheritable assets.
My partner's long term ill for starters. This significantly impacts our ability to buy - and afford - home ownership, and save towards it. It also significantly limits us in terms of locations - some places are just not going to be suitable due to mobility. And of course, relocation has a significant overhead as a result. And similarly we live in a high cost-of-living area. Relocating for a better future is an option, but not an easy one - because there's no guarantee that lower cost-of-living doesn't also come with lower income.
OK, so insurance works by risk pooling. They take the probability of a claim and multiply it by the expected payout. As a result, you generally don't 'win' insurance - it's a risk tolerance decision. You pay a premium to mitigate the risk somewhat. It's almost the opposite of investing in that regard. So normally I'd suggest that income protection insurance is a bad idea - you're 'spending' money you could be saving, to try and underwrite a moderately risk, with a moderate payout. And you'd very often be better off just saving that money instead, and build up an emergency fund. That way you've got 'income protection' of a sorts, and if you didn't need it... you're quids in. My suggestion would be that _in general_ you should only insure high impact risks - the kind where you can't just 'suck it up' because then whilst you _expect_ to "waste" the money, you've paid for the reliability and surety instead.
Not necessarily. Sometimes pensions are paid out net, and the tax is reclaimed by the pension company. So you get paid £1000. Taxman takes 20%, so you see £800 in your paycheque. £80 goes into the pension from this, so your pay packet is £720. But your pension fund 'claims back' the tax, so you actually see £100 in your pension.
The difference between gambling and investing is 'expected return'. The expected return of roulette is negative. The expected return of a well diversified stocks portfolio is positive. Forex trading is usually: - Speculating on currency movements, rather than based on an intrinsic movement. - Leveraged - Has transaction costs. Which means it's expected return is negative, and it's therefore gambling.
If you can track down the seller, then maybe. It's them that's committed the crime, not you, and your recourse is with them. https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/consumer/somethings-gone-wrong-with-a-purchase/if-you-think-youve-bought-stolen-goods/ If you've paid bank transfer, there's no consumer protection as there would be on a credit card. You _might_ be able to convince the bank to reclaim the money if the seller isn't cooperative, but given the time that's passed ... that might be harder.
Fuck. That. Bridge.
- inflation means 'free' growth in monetary terms (but not real terms, but it still out runs the below-inflation approach of mattress stuffing) - Companies exist to make a profit, and use that profit to deliver shareholder returns or growth. Both of which means increased value in share portfolio value in one way or another. This creates a feedback loop of sorts, where companies that _don't_ grow effectively lose investors and fall behind.
Turf Tavern does. If you're looking a bit further afield, I can also recommend: - The Trout at Godstow (riverside pub) - The Maytime out near Witney.
There's some analysis pieces about market timing, and the spread of results. E.g. assuming $100/month (it was US focussed) and comparing: - Worst case (investing all of savings at local maxima) - Best case (investing all of 'saved' at local minima) - Sustained investment (just invest it each month as you get it). Over the history of the stockmarket, with a long enough timeline, the latter pretty much always wins.
NatWest offer a reward account that gives cashback on direct debits for household bills.
We can't help ok timing. No one can. It's next to impossible to predict currency movements.
It's unlikely to come up. Rest assured that anyone who has to review financial transactions has literally seen it all. You are a healthy adult, who has enjoyed - and paid for - some porn. This isn't even remotely unusual, not is it a big deal. As much as most people prefer to be discreet about it.
You can only put publicly traded shares in an ISA.
In which case - that is indeed the point of the vanguard platform. It's really low management fee and no transaction cost offsets the 'cost' of being tied to 'just' vanguard funds.
They're functionally similar to an interest only mortgage on part of the property. I'm not sure they're entirely a good deal, as the 'interest rate' (e.g. rent) tends to be a bit above the mortgage rate (when I last looked, 3% vs. 2% - but obviously without the capital repayment part, it was still cheaper). As such I'd suggest 'just' extending the mortgage term as much as possible instead, if you can. (e.g. assuming price of house is &lt; 4.5x joint salaries)
Pretty much, yes. So with £37k, you'll be _making_ £27750 over the year. £12500 of that is tax free. The rest is taxable at 20%, meaning you'll pay £3050 in tax. The slightly kooky part is national insurance - at 12% - is payable on a monthly basis, unlike the tax. So anything over £719 each month will pay 12% NI, no matter how many months you work. So of your £3083/month, you will pay: - £283.68 in NI - £338 in tax So I think that'll be around £2460, without any deductions for pension or similar.
I was looking at text broker for a while. They charge by the word, and (in EUR) range from 0.7 cents to 4 cents per word. https://www.textbroker.co.uk/ So I guess you could use that as a reference point.
So a couple of points: &gt; Or not buy a property at all right now given the current market/Brexit insecurities? Impossible to second guess that, there's no point even trying. Make your decision on a 'risk-managed' approach. &gt; I wouldn’t just be throwing money out of the window Renting might look like 'throwing money out of a window' but it really isn't. Owning somewhere will typically include interest repayments, maintenance costs and a notable 'transaction cost' (conveyancing, survey etc.). Very occasionally - rental rates are lower than mortgage rates in the first place. (Even if you aren't paying a mortgage, it's sensible to consider the opportunity cost of 'borrowing at 2%' vs 'just' sinking all your capital into it). But really, what you're paying is a 'flexibility premium' - if you're renting it's much easier to "sell up" and relocate to follow work. Sometimes that's worth it, other times not. But it's not really a straight 'financial' decision. Rather it's more a flexibility vs. security tradeoff. Much like how your cash savings you're paying a 'safety premium' because you're probably slowly losing money to inflation. Anyway, so the real question is - what advances your goals best? If you want to own a property now, then you're in a very strong position to do that - as you note, it'll significantly reduce your costs day to day. However if you feel you're not ready yet - you could invest some of it, and get a better yield than you would on your 'raw' savings balance. That's a riskier approach though - investments are inherently volatile. Dumping a load into your pension is not the worst idea in the world either - if you're earning £60k, you can shunt £10k/year into your pension, and get tax relief on the 42% you're paying. (Tax + NI potentially). So for 'losing' £5800 from your takehome, you could have £10k into your pension - On any numbers above £50k. On any numbers below £50k, you're still 'paying' £6800 for £10k of pension, and that's actually a really good deal. And one which given your age, will set yourself up very well for later life. Just bear in mind you can't get it _out_ again until nearly retirement age.
Personally I advocate putting a _token_ sum onto a stocks and shares ISA to 'play with'. Say £100 or so. A kind of sum that's not going to be a problem if it is untouchable whilst it oscillates in value. But when you're actually saving into an S&amp;S ISA... well, follow the flow chart. Many people don't get to that 'step' of savings, because usually paying off mortgage/increasing pension contribution comes at a higher priority.
It depends on what you can afford. The only thing to _avoid_ is where the amount going to 'savings' each month is negative! But you can 'count' pension contributions and mortgage-capital-repayment as forms of 'savings' (in that they are, in one way or another, building your 'wealth'). Which is why it depends quite a lot - no savings at all, and a very tight surplus means you're in a risky position. Lots of people are in that position though - it's not even remotely unusual. People on this sub won't be representative samples, in that for most 'saving' is a thing they're all thinking about, in one way or another.
I think 'plan' is a bit of a strong word in my case - I'm putting money by at a rate I can sustain. That's all. Making up an £8600 shortfall is just not going to happen. So I just have to take it as it comes.
Honestly, I've got about £100 in my S&amp;S ISA right now, because I'm: - Shunting most of my money into buying a house - which means i need the liquidity of cash holdings. - Saving the 'long term' stuff into my pension. If I'm in _any_ danger of retiring before 58, I might consider adding more to my S&amp;S ISA. I might - if I buy a house - look to 'overpay' into an S&amp;S ISA to give me a bit more liquidity and growth vs. overpaying the mortgage. I'm undecided on this yet though.
I like how there is stuff to do when you are at home. Between brewing potions and stocking up portkeys, I can get a bit of a fix without having to be actively playing.
They've got guidelines on affordability of a place. They ask for partner details, because as joint tenants, you're joint liable for a debt - even if one of you does a runner, the contract is enforcible on both. I think the salary multiple rule is related - they're trying to ensure you can afford it. I don't think it's a hard rule, so it depends how fussy they're likely to be - but if you earn more normally, that's probably ok. (Although they may consider deposit options separately)
I would like all the 24 hour stuff to become a 23:45 - that way I can build my daily routine around collect-and-plant at the same time.
I like the fact that my wand I chose, is actually the wand I use. It's a small thing, but you can see the colour/length when doing traces.
Definitely falls into "asshole design" territory
Accuracy does matter. Both speed and accuracy are needed to get a masterful.
I am rapidly starting to dislike how much XP pots tie up the cauldron though. It's not like XP actually advances your effectiveness in battle. So I've been focussing instead on 'battle' potions - Invigoration, HP, Exstimulo and finally wit-sharpener. Mostly because that's the part of the game I enjoy the most. And I'd much rather have 6 heals than some bonus XP.
That's a lot of roads for a rural area.
I mean, if you're a rural player you're basically screwed in Ingress too. Perhaps more so, because there's literally _nothing_ to do in Ingress with no portals near by, where at least with PoGo/HP:WU you can stock up on balls/energy and do some catching.
Given my flee rates are increased, and my success with masterful casts is low too, I'm sort of wondering if they've got a sign the wrong way around. E.g. rather than improving success, they're reducing it.
I'm actually ok with cash-for-cosmetics. It's this 'cash-for-gameplay' that I don't like, as it's very easy to stray into 'pay-to-win' territory. (Or 'pay because the game is bloody annoying otherwise' which is even worse)
OK, so on the cash isa point specifically: You're not missing anything profound, they're rubbish. Once upon a time, interest rates were higher and there was no personal savings allowance. So being able to save at 6% tax free in a cash account was very useful. Now, you can put up to around £60k in a marcus account, get 1.5% and _still_ pay no tax on it. So there's really no point taking an ISA with a 0.6% rate. There's a limit on contribution rates - it's technically the case that you could have problems putting £26k back into an ISA, because it's more than £20k. But it will only take a couple of years to undo, if the rates change significantly, so I really wouldn't worry about it. Seek out a decent interest rate first, because if the rate's low, the tax (and exemption thereof) is entirely irrelevant. If you can find a Cash ISA offering 1.5% (or more) then it's better than a Marcus. If it's about the same (1.3-1.5%) I might be tempted to do it anyway. S&amp;S ISA with investments can give you a good return, if you're prepared to lock away the capital (e.g. you can access it sometimes, and other times the markets will be 'down' and it would be unwise). I'd suggest considering vanguard, as their platform fees are low, and vanguard funds are also cheap.
I think it's a bit later depending where you are. Pretty sure they were going up until 2100 in some countries.
2 per 5s Vs 200 or so in 30s from getting knocked out. It's not entirely pointless, because you can fire it and re enter battle during the cooldown. But it's mostly pointless, in that you are far better off getting stuck in. Make it 100 per 30s and maybe that's worthy.
But there is none the less a chance of an error. The last-ball-flee thing on raids on PoGo was thought to be 'just RNG' until someone sat down and proved it. Turns out someone made a 'fencepost' error in the code.
Sounds like someone who would be happier in a more open/poly relationship. Some guys are OK with sharing. Find one that is, tell them up front, and it's not cheating.
Probably not a lot. The UK housing market isn't remotely rational. And it still won't be.
Group fighting is way more fun IMO. You each take one fight at a time, and can swap out, or heal, buff/debuff a team mate before getting stuck in again yourself.
Well, it basically is. Because the 'normal' incubators expire after use, you get 30km worth of eggs if you do 3x 10km, and 6km of eggs if you do 2km ones. So normally you don't 'waste' your limited use incubators on 2km eggs, and use the infinite one for that instead.
You can ask them. They can - and probably will - decline. Most employers have discounted schemes on the basis that all their pensions go into it, and they can much more easily do 'admin' stuff if they've a single contact for the whole company.
Part of that though, is having such variable weather. When I've visited people in other countries "the weather" is basically a thing that stays the same for a month at a time. So we pay more attention to it in the UK, and so we complain about it more readily as a result.
Actually I'd argue the defence charm is the thing you bring to a team. It lasts for the whole battle, rather than just one fight, so it's got a good return-on-focus.
I have run into them at level 5 and 6.
I doubt you are rank 14 in your profession. Level 14 maybe. But I think you should be able to beat L5s with a bit of practice, and it won't be too potion hungry (or at all - you get a full heal with a 30s knockout).
That's what dawdle draught is for.
Honestly that's a scandal. A 6 hour potion really should be 100% effective. And ideally last the whole encounter (or at least 10 attempts or something).
I noticed more spawns of the type. That's about it. Bit of a damp squib event, but I think more because short notice.
Well, there's a Harry Potter experience an hour or so drive away. A few HP shops cashing in, and a few tours. But there's also the tours of the colleges more generally. And the Eagle and Child is a place where the Inklings used to hang out. JRR Tolkien's grave is in Wolvercote cemetery.
I wonder.... https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2U/2028/SSG-2028R-NR48N.cfm 48x 15TB seems interesting. Last I checked these boxes when fully stuffed with 6TB drives were spending, but downright reasonable when you look at how much 300TB of all-flash array would set you back. (Our budgetary quote was in the vicinity of £250k)
Because no one thinks it will happen to them. See also a vast array of other "casual" offenses.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/efoldi/efoldi-lite-award-winning-electric-folding-scooter Also: piqued.
Oh agreed. They have been just a bit too aggressive on the monetisation in my opinion. If I did accidentally rent for 24h I think I would probably just rack up a bunch of heals, then a brain right at the end.
Or Cirencester. Or Loughborough.
I figure if I'm spending &gt;£10 to go and see the latest Star Wars film for 3 hours of watching, and a few hours of post-watch frothing, spending a similar amount on PoGo is justified. I do still find it frustrating when I lock horns with someone who's actively cheating though. (Berry bots in particular)
You say that, but in a multiplayer game, there's always impacts. Lets face it, shinies are entirely pointless _apart_ from bragging rights, and yet they're very desirable JUST because they're rare. And all the people cheating take away from that. Even before you get into the impact to gyms, raids and PvP which is where it gets considerably more significant. Nothing quite as frustrating as going to some effort to battle a gym, only to realise that the 'other guy' is running a berry bot and spoofing, so it doesn't really matter how hard you try - you won't be getting any coins today. (At least, not at any of the gyms you can get to on foot).
Someone who's automated the process of berry-feeding. E.g. golden raspberry 10s after the second 'loss' in battle. Berries every 30m to keep the health at maximum.
I would go as far as saying the goal of the game is automating science. You can do a lot worse than follow the science-packs, and automate them as they become available, because this will lead you through the whole game.
I don't think so, sadly. There's a lot of people who don't think account sharing is cheating.
It's not all that common, and in most cities it doesn't matter much - because there's usually plenty of gyms. It was super frustrating when we had a few weeks of it in the only gym in the village where I live.
At the expense of everyone else in this scenario.
How about the rules from Niantec, that we all agreed to when we started playing? &gt; 3.1 Cheating &gt; Niantic prohibits cheating, and we constantly take steps to improve our anti-cheat measures. Cheating includes any action that attempts to or actually alters or interferes with the normal behavior or rules of a Service. Cheating includes, but is not limited to, any of the following behavior, on your own behalf or on behalf of others: &gt; - Accessing Services in an unauthorized manner (including using modified or unofficial third party software); &gt; - Playing with multiple accounts for the same Service; &gt; - Sharing accounts; &gt; - Using any techniques to alter or falsify a device’s location (for example through GPS spoofing); and/or &gt; - Selling or trading accounts. I mean, sure. You can 'house-rule' what is cheating and what isn't, but there's only one centrally agreed definition.
&gt; And I think that people that stigmatized spoofing are just simply jealous If your girlfriend cheats on you and you get upset, is that you just being jealous about something that doesn't affect you? Or is it something more?
And the same argument applies to your partner cheating on you.
I've been liking it, but not enough that I've not gone back to Factorio/TW. I mean, it's ok, but I'm only in the first city, and finding the fetch-quest element a bit tedious. But I do broadly like the RPG genre - Dragon Age remains an all time favourite.
I figure if you are taking a day off, you should always take at least 2. The extra to recover and ensure you aren't contagious. And also this fits with a lot of bullshit HR formulae that work on cumulative days and/or occurances. Going off sick 3x for 2 days a piece scored lower than 4 separate days off.
War: War never changes. Sometimes you can make the case that war is the lesser evil. That it's _necessary_ to prevent something worse. That wouldn't be wrong. Nor does it stop it being evil. In some ways the biggest sacrifice made in going to war is in giving up a piece of your soul - of becoming complicit in that 'lesser evil'. Oh, all for the best of reasons. To a higher purpose, and because it was necessary. But none the less. If you kill in self defence, you're still a killer.
It's a bit harder to get away with those at work though.
No one knows at this point. FWIW Iran is big on proxy wars and sponsoring terrorists, and I can imagine them doing more of that, targeting the US. I'm doubtful they've got the _enthusiasm_ to launch a proper military attack, but crazier stuff has happened.
I know it sounds crazy, but the historical precedent is there.
I set aside some pocket money in a separate account that I can clearly 'see'. I use a Monzo for this. This is the sum of money I'm ok spending on 'whatever' each month, and the rule is - when it's gone, it's gone. So where my 'main' account sees a lot of money go in and out over the course of the month, between salary, bills, savings etc. - such that it can be easy to lose track of how much _should_ be in there based on what's been paid (or not) - and a £2.50 coffee just sort of vanishes in the noise. Instead I have a smaller number that ticks down to zero, and then it stops working. Thus - I do still spend money on 'unnecessary things', but only a fixed amount each month. This leads to a lot more financial discipline overall.
There's a lot of things we cannot say absolutely for sure are impossible. You cannot exhaustively prove a negative. But we still broadly accept that ghosts are not real. The process of science is the process of iteratively improving our understanding - if someone did manage to find credible evidence of ghosts, then that discussion would be reopened. The same is true of FTL. We can be pretty certain that FTL is impossible. C is a hard speed limit on the universe, because travelling faster than light is _provably_ equivalent to time travel. Now, we could say we don't know that time travel (to the past) is impossible. That's so. But we also have a lot of evidence to suggest that it is impossible, and _nothing_ to contradict that possibility. So it goes. I - like many others - really like the fantasy of a Universe that we can boldy go out and explore. But the reality is altogether more mundane - we can't. We're shackled by our light cone.
Buy a house.
And a nuke or 5 to finish the job :).
One pub I know has bad phone signal. They turn off the wi-fi during the quiz ;)
You might find that with salary sacrifice/bike-to-work schemes they start to come in reach.
You probably don't need that many battteries. My two batteries don't get depleted running 6 exo-skeletons in normal operation. It's only when I'm dropping a big blueprint that they end up being drained by the 6x roboports, before getting slowly recharged by the reactors.
You do. 150% for refined. Also provides a bonus to vehicle speed and acceleration. It's about the only reason to slather you factory in concrete, otherwise why bother?
Hindsight is a powerful thing. Buying a house in the UK is a really good idea if you own a time machine. However I'm just not convinced it's a valid assumption that the trend will continue. But those that _did_ buy a house, will have seen their investment do well, and it was a success. They're right, and it's all good. But bear in mind that now the market has gone up - we don't know if it's a peak now, thanks to the boom, or if it'll climb further. But we do know it's climbed a long way already. And frankly - a house doesn't really change in 'value' - it's still a house. You shouldn't really expect it to beat inflation as a result, and any other price growth is due to external factors that you have no control over. That's not really an investment in my book.
Can you impeach someone twice? Asking for a friend....
I'm doing it vanilla at the moment, but vehicle mods are definitely on the list.
The DPS puts the burden of proof on the landlord. They have to be able to prove you broke the thing that needed fixing, and that it was within your remit to put it right again (e.g. not just wear and tear, but active neligence). It's ABSOLUTELY standard for landlords to seek a last bite of the cherry, sadly, and try it on - because you're stressed, on the way out, and have very little recourse. That's why the DPS exists in the first place. If they can prove things were in good condition when you moved in - and it was your responsibility to maintain for example, the pathway, they can charge for it. But you don't have to prove a negative - photos on your part aren't at all necessary, although they are helpful to counter evidence your landlord may have. Keep the email about the junk in the garage, and send that in too. It's not as robust as a photo, but it's at least some evidence in your favour.
Hmm, Black Sails. ... not sure who'd be the Main Character there. Can I pick?
Yes. Because paperwork. It's not the first 20k, it's 20k per year you can put into it. And every pound earned for the rest of your life - as long as it stays in the ISA - is tax exempt. But in some ways you're right - most people won't be seeing enough return to have to worry about capital gains or dividends tax, where the allowances are £10k and £2k respectively. For those people though - still get an S&amp;S ISA, because being tax exempt means you don't have to worry about the paperwork - of filing dividends and capital gains separately, and 'realising' capital gains when they arise.
Sadly it's very common. When you're moving, you're typically stressed and tired, so are more likely to acquiesce for a quiet life.
Farming a credit card for rewards _requires_ financial discipline (or large income), because of it's open ended nature. It's like 'spending from your main account' only more so - because you're insulated from day-to-day 'visibility' of spending, it becomes disgustingly easy to overrun. I would suggest this is a separation of concerns problem - if you've one big pool, then it's quite easy to lose 'smaller' (e.g. takeout, coffee) transactions, in amongst the larger ones (groceries, utility bills, etc.) The solution IMO is to switch your payment mode, and stop using the credit card for 'routine' spending, even if that does forgo the relatively trivial amount of cashback/interest-carry-over from delaying spend. The biggest thing that got me to behave with my spending, was switching to a monzo (one of the other new cards might well work fine, it's just Monzo did the trick for me), and putting a budgeted sum of money into it each month. That way I could be comfortable whether I could afford to splash out this month or not. When it's gone, it's gone until pay day. So now, I have an expected amount for 'spending' on some stuff on a monthly basis - groceries and fuel primarily. That goes through the credit card. So does ad-hoc annual things, like car tax etc. But in this way, I can fairly easily keep track of groceries + fuel spending on the credit card - and still get a bit of cashback (although now natwest have cut their rates, I might review that). But then I spend my 'pocket money' through a monzo, and can much more easily track if I'm running out this month.
1/ If you're still on track to make enough contributions between now and retirement, don't bother. 2/ Probably not. Financial advisers are great when your finances are complicated. If you're a multi-millionaire, or you've international taxation and allowances to figure out, then maybe. Otherwise they're not going to give you much insight. (But they might help you feel more comfortable, and that can be worth paying for). 3/ Probably not. As investments, houses are mediocre. They can make a return, but they're not very liquid, have quite a high maintenance cost, and a lot of the 'return' is from leverage and speculation on the UK property market. The major reasons to invest in property are therefore: - Because you want a part time job as a property manager (which pays fairly well) - Because you want to 'secure' a property that you'll need later. - So you can move into it, and use 'not paying rent' to subsidise the return-on-investment. You can make money on property, but pretty fundamentally there's a reason why a lot of the UK lettings market are private landlords - there's no shortage of investors out there, for things that offer a good risk-adjusted-return. And property doesn't. £163k at 37 is a decent sum to call a pension pot. if your employer offers salary sacrifice, you can quite possibly start transferring that money into a pension, and - effectively - get a 47% return. If you salary sacrifice £1000 of your gross pay, then because of tax at 20% and NI at 12%, that only 'costs' you £680 of your net pay. So you could potentially salary sacrifice say, £20,000/year into your pension, and 'subsidise' your cost of living out of your pot with the £13600 short fall. If you're living in Asia though, it would depend a lot on whether it's a UK employer. I'm not sure if you're eligible for LISA/ISA/SIPP because of your residency. Presumably you're being taxed locally, and so UK tax relief options don't really apply? But you could probably just open a general investment account, buy an index fund and generate some return on capital that way.
Adversity does teach you valuable lessons. It teaches that you can probably endure much more than you think. And that when everything is stripped away, you have a unique perspective on what really matters. But most of all, it teaches you that there is nothing noble in suffering. That you - like everyone else - can be broken. There is no reason to go for round two.
I don't think excadrill was available last time either. At least not so widely.
Time spent buddying and the rather fierce cost to max out a medicham.
You mean this isn't a dating subreddit?
Seems fair. I _can_ be bought, but my price is high.
I'm forgiving of omitting the company name for that reason. But without a title, location and payscale I'm still going to press 'delete' :)
The 'effective APR' is what's important. And that's the interest + fee that you'll pay _before you remortgage_. If you're on a longer term deal - a 5 or 10 year - a fee makes more sense to get the lower APR, because over 5 years, you'll be better overall. You _might_ want to look at 5 year deals if you're on 83% LTV, because if you're repaying at a 25 year pace, you won't drop past 75% LTV in 2 years time. (Which is the next break point on lower percentages on the mortgage).
It's not a risk I'm worried about - I'm learning and developing all the time. If they replace me with someone cheaper, then ... so be it. I'll move on to somewhere else and do something new and interesting.
I don't think it was at all clear for the first couple of episodes that was what was happening. And sure - you can pick it up that there's more than one timeline. But it's confusing for no particular benefit as it stands.
It's exactly the same, but with smaller segments. Imagine you've a basic 4-way junction - a pair of tracks running north south, and a pair running east-west. The 'simple' signals are just to turn the whole blob into a single block - chain in; rail out, on each of the primary rails. This is probably what you've got - it won't ever deadlock, but it does mean that you block the junction for one train at a time. However imagine instead - you use just chain signals to cut the junction in half (vertically or laterally - ignore the other rotation for now, for simplicity). What happens then? Well, chain signals 'look ahead' on the route the train is following - so a pair of trains can both enter the junction - but only if they're not turning across each other. This means practically, they can turn left or right, depending on whether your double track is left or right handed, or go straight on - but they can't always turn the other way without waiting. Then rotate that, and do the same. You've subdivided your 4-way into 4 subquadrants, but allowed two trains that's paths don't cross to enter it at the same time. Note though - you might need a wider junction to do this, depending on how you've configured our parallel tracks. This boosts your throughput somewhat. You can potentially increase it more with a more complicated or wider junction. The "Compact" here is probably about what you're thinking of - note how there's internal 'chain' signals, but very few 'rail' signals. https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?t=46855
Because as "payday lending" goes - small amounts for short periods when a bill comes in just before payday - it's fine. Spending 10p a day to borrow £100 isn't all that big a deal when it's only a couple of days until pay day. 19% (or 40odd now) is if you are perpetually overdrawn. You shouldn't be using overdraft facility that way in the first place, but instead getting a much lower rate on a longer term.
If the community day move were say, meteor mash rather than hydro cannon, would that still be the case?
&gt; my parents generation seemed to do well out of (housing generally, I suppose). This is the thing that rings huge alarm bells for me. I mean to unpick that a bit and ask "Why?" Houses have done well, for things that are - essentially - pretty static assets. There's not much to a house that makes it's value rise - at least not without investing in things like extensions and improvements. You can probably get a positive ROI by building a garage, for example. But if you leave a house unmodified - and just keep up with maintenance each year, it _should_ remain pretty static in value. It'd be a reasonable inflation-hedge, but that's about it. But this hasn't been the case for the last few decades even. Why not? Well, for starters - absurdly low interest rates, means people can afford to borrow much larger sums. And as interest rates have fallen, house prices have increased. But they can't fall much further, and if they went the other way at all... what then? A bunch of people who've bought in at the market-high, are then finding they've got HUGE debts, at unsustainable interest rates, whilst the property value is dropping putting them in negative equity. I don't think that's too likely to happen, because the Government undoubtedly _know_ how bad that would be. But they can't really cut interest rates further, and chucking fuel on the fire with help-to-buy isn't helping in the long term either. If anything it's making the problem worse. And pretty fundamentally - the UK housing market is _NOT_ a rational market. We're all a bit too obsessed with being owners. But being irrational also means that weird trends can just appear out of nowhere. If I had a time machine? Absolutely, buy UK residential property. Looking to the future? I'd be VERY wary.
The problem you're having is lanes - splitters preserve lanes when they merge. So you can see the 'top' lane isn't moving, but the bottom one - because your input priority is empty - is the one that is. So the easy fix is - add a splitter and a sideload to the 'empty' side of the belt upstream, so your priority belt has coal on both sides. Then the priority will work the way you want.
Rule of thumb is you can borrow 4.5x combined salary. The interest rate is tied to the loan-to-value ration. 95% LTV is the minimum you'll get (generally), and the rate is a bit feisty. With a H2B equity loan, you can borrow at 95% and pay interest as if 75%. And yet, I wouldn't call it an obviously good deal, because you're not necessarily going like for like - new builds have a 'new' premium, and they do sometimes have a 'H2BEL' premium, just because of the elevated demand. This means you can end up in negative equity over a short term, and end up paying more than you 'should' overall. This isn't likely to burn you too badly, if you're planning to stay for 5 years or so, but you should be aware of it. I've been looking at new builds, and the things in particular I'd advise is: - Look at the parking. How many cars can park outside your house. If you have a visitor, where to they park? In my experience, new build estates simply don't have enough parking. - Look at the amount of green space - there's a drive to minimise it, because more plots means more houses, and those are what's worth money. But it can quite easily end up with a future-slum, of high density housing oppressively close. - Be very wary of empty rooms. They do that because they look bigger. Take a tape measure, and figure out how much space in that room a bed, wardrobe or chest of drawers would take. How much space is there now? - Ask about square feet. (or square meters if you prefer). In my experience, UK consumers buy based on '3 bedrooms', not on size of property. But that means developers often build pokey, because if you'll pay almost the same for an 800 sq ft 3 bed as a 1000 sq ft 3-bed... that's a couple more houses they sell. Very roughly older houses are 'about' 800 sq ft for a 2 bed, 1000 sq ft. for a 3 bed, and 1200 sq ft for a 4 bed. So watch out for the 850 sq ft 3 bed houses, because all the rooms will be small once you've got your furniture in. Also watch for 'house dressing tricks' like putting the dining table up against the wall. How much space do you have if you pull that dining table out to sit around it? Be aware that you can buy 3/4 size beds, and some builders use those in show homes to give the illusion of the room being larger. - Ask about extras. Some places play a 'bare bones + upgrades' game when it comes to fitting out the house. The show home will have high tier, and that'll cost more than the base house price. But they also sometimes discount or offer incentives on that. - Assume they'll be more reluctant to move on price than on offering other incentives. The price is reported to the land registry (https://landregistry.data.gov.uk/app/ppd - click on 'price-paid-data') and if they discount that, they potentially devalue every other plot on the development. However, they can offer you deposit contributions, free upgrades, stamp duty covered. - Look at future plans for the development. How long are you going to be living on a building site? It's not uncommon to have phases to a build, where they build batches of houses for consecutive years. Also look at where they'll be building - don't assume your 'view' will remain unobstructed. It's altogether likely that the field in front of you will be covered in houses in the next 3-5 years. - Look at house prices nearby, and use that as comparison. See how much a 1000 sq ft 3 bed house is going for, and try to estimate how big the new build/help-to-buy premium is going to be. It's not bad to pay a premium to get what you want, but you should be aware of what it's actually costing you. - Look up the builder on the https://www.hbf.co.uk/policy/policy-and-wider-work-program/customer-satisfaction-survey/latest-results/
&gt; To have a numerical way to tell how many points to hit excited +cooldown would make your buddy feel like an artifical/robot creature. Having a bar might feel a little more organic. E.g. progress to next 'tier' (I'd really like the cooldown that doesn't have me using a stopwatch though)
They also lose value because... well why would you buy a £300k house from someone, when next door you can buy a house for £300k and it be at your own convenience, new, etc. But that should recover over time, fortunately.
Indeed. It could be. I wouldn't say the OP should walk out the door or anything. But they should be ready for what comes next.
You're unlikely to be able to get the credit search 'removed' - because it's record of what happened, whether you proceeded with the finance agreement or not. And it mostly doesn't matter either - credit searches aren't really a thing to worry about. A bunch of them in a short time span looks anomalous, and might make it hard to get credit - but only for a short while, because it's not like you've actually changed financial circumstances, it's just repeated credit searches looks like you're desperate. And as for 'originally quoted' - if you've not formed a contract, then either of you can withdraw. They might honour that original price, but if it's substantially better than the 'going rate' ... they'll typically rather just lose the sale.
That's kinda my fear. Right now I'm sort of content to do my daily 10 hearts, and rely on activesync to get me candies. I'm altogether more concerned about some of the mobile gaming nonsense sneaking in - and I say that as someone who's paid for PoGo, and know it's made a lot of money in the last year anyway.
I've turned off AR+ just because it makes that part easier.
Promotional material has negligible value a year later though. If it's not really driving more sales, why shouldn't it be opened up _just a little_.
Given it had sold 10 million in February 2019, it's slowed down massively. Which is kinda my point. Even if you assume those sales were _only_ driven by 'being able to get a melmetal' which frankly I doubt - you've still got a LOT more meltan candies coming from Let's Go, than you would get by walking
I think they might just not bother to increase it. I mean it's not like there's any cost to the state if you tap your SIPP early, unlike the fairly significant cost of the State Pension.
Sorry, misunderstood. Yes, that's the right one. As for US being best returns: Yes, that's true. And it has been for a while. But: - Past performance is not an indicator of future results. - Diversification is a hedge against particular sectors or economies doing badly - As a UK citizen, your buying power in the UK is what's important, and your exposure to the dollar is high. That last point IMO is why it's more sensible for a US citizen to 'double down' on their home economy, but I'm quite wary of it as a non-US. I've gone for the FTSE Global All cap fund - which is 57% US but includes other economies around the world. Non-US hasn't performed quite as well, but I feel a lot more comfortable about my diversification.
I'm often turning up to gyms and seeing considerably more people than are physically present attending the raids. I'm also quite often seeing gyms being battled with no one physically present. Even leaving aside the number of 'benefit-of-doubt' gyms, where you can't truly see everywhere. The gym in my village, I do keep an eye on because I want to say hi to ... well, any of the 'regulars'. But I've never actually seen anyone stood there interacting with it.
I'm upvoting not because I agree with you, but because I appreciate your perspective, and you contribution to answering the question the OP asked. Which is - IMO - what upvotes _should_ be used for. (But I think commenting with disagreement is also valid)
The US doesn't have a 'left' and a 'right' when compared to the rest of the world. They have a right, and an even-more-right.
Upvoted for answering the OPs question.
Two caveats: New builds often have a premium. Both for being 'new' but also because H2BEL drives prices up. So ensure you're not paying over the odds for the property. The second is: The amount you're borrowing is linked to property value. So it _could_ be more expensive than just getting a bigger mortgage. E.g. if house prices go up by 2% per year, you might find that's more than you'd have paid on your mortgage. Otherwise, the major benefit of H2BEL are: - You can borrow more (which you don't need to) - You can get a better loan LTV - moving from 80% LTV, to 75% should make a difference to your borrowing rate, but it might not be all that large. However, you'd have a decent amount of cash on reserve for fees, furnishings etc. so that might be worthwhile none the less.
Typical mortgage breakpoints are: 95, 90, 85, 75, 60. It's rarely worth putting in more than 'just enough' to get to the next breakpoint, because you don't really save much money in the long run, and buying a house _tends_ to include a load of extra costs, for which having some extra cash is really handy.
They update their site periodically to report "previous year". They might have missed that fund, or the update broke or something. But the sampling interval being different - and giving a very different result - is what I was talking about. You should see that performance is very similar to the accumulation equivalent, because it's essentially the same fund. Just sample resolution and frequency obscuring the comparison.
Quite easily. By being the lesser evil. By winning an election on a single issue. By winning an election as a popularity contest between the leaders. Take a quick straw poll from the voters you know. See how many read a manifesto. Any manifesto.
What's the largest sensible reactor size? I mean, given the scaling of reactor cores -&gt; heat pipe -&gt; exchangers -&gt; turbines, the more cores you have the larger the power plant radius is going to be.
I have a theory that there's a 'romance-randomizer' app that needs to be written. Set an bunch of 'romantic things' and an approximate frequency of each. So 'buy flowers' might be weekly, but 'surprise meal out' might be monthly. etc. And then your randomizer-app 'reminds' you at approximately that frequency, but not regularly enough to be obvious that you've got a pattern. I know I'm kinda ok with the notion of 'buy flowers, just because she likes it' but then I forget about it until something prompts me.
The simplest answer with the OP would be to (IMO) treat each pay period _as if_ it was a month and budget accordingly, and the 13th one a 'bonus'.
I just tend to wing it. If I'm using a lot of something, I'll decouple it and make a subfactory and train-ship it. (plates, etc.) If I'm using a medium amount, I'll ship in the raws and manufacture on site. (Usually gears fall into that category) And if I'm using a small amount, I'll use the logistics network. But the question is always how much space will my production line take, vs. another station, and do I have multiple consumers of this thing which might benefit from scaling up the production.
How long can the pipe be? Should you assume a smaller number of boilers (or more pumps)?
My general goal was simply to decide how many reactors to build, and what size.
It's still 180 deletions, even if you do spread 'em out. But there's plenty of people who catch in bulk, and then IV check later.
https://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/digestive-diseases-liver-failure
I have this one earmarked for "one day" https://stonebrookjewelry.com/
No, it's fine. The power grid acts as a single blob, and so accumulators all charge and discharge concurrently. However _each_ accumulator can only charge or discharge at 300kW. The reason that's relevant, is if you place a power pole either side of the accumulator, such that they are both connected to the accumulator, but not to each other - then the accumulator counts as being in both networks concurrently, so can be charged by one , and discharged by the other. At that point, the accumulators are being charged unevenly, because of network asymmetry - presumably one network is in 'surplus' so the accumulators are getting charged on the boundary, but this won't be true of accumulators elsewhere in the network, so they'll all charge and discharge collectively.
It's a decent pay rise in percentage terms. The baseline of pay rises is 'about 2%' because that's what inflation is. And some companies don't even do that. So you beating inflation is good - it means your company do actually value you more. But the simple truth is - you almost never see large salary increases within a company - you have to move jobs to do that. If you're intent on chasing higher salaries, what you need to do is get up to date on your CV, and look for better offers. If there's no one prepared to 'outbid' your current company, then you're just not worth what you think you are. And if they are, then off you go.
Lifestrategy is already well diversified. So you could: - Open a general investment account, and put more into Lifestrategy. - Look for a different asset class, and invest in that. Funds exist for most things - you can invest in a REIT to get property market exposure. There's commodity funds. There's even a whisky-fund these days. https://www.scottishfield.co.uk/food-and-drink-2/whisky/worlds-first-regulated-whisky-fund-reaches-the-uk/ - Residential property - become a landlord. - Investing 'manually' in a thing you know and expect to see future growth. (Some people just like owning a cache of gold sovereigns, for example). - Consider SEIS/EIS if - as I'm assuming - you've a pretty hefty income. It's a way to invest in startups at high risk, but with tax relief. https://www.gov.uk/guidance/venture-capital-schemes-tax-relief-for-investors
Yes. I'm just the other side of 40, and am looking at _maybe_ buying a house. And I'm hugely anxious about it, because whilst I need somewhere to live, and I accept the rent vs. mortgage disparity, I still think the market is badly broken, and I am very worried about getting 'burned' by it. As far as I'm concerned, stuff like 'help to buy' schemes are pouring fuel onto the fire of ultra-low interest rates. They've driven prices up, and have now done so for long enough that the market is distorted by it. Inevitably there will be a 'market high' and anyone who's late to the party will end up with a double whammy - having overstretched themselves on borrowing, with a rising interest rate and a falling property value. It's pretty much a pyramid scheme. Only one that it's not really an option to 'opt out' of, because we all need shelter. I can - and will - be cautious about taking on that risk, but I've just seen the problem get worse and worse over the last 40 years or so. So I am considering relocation. My problem is that salary correlates with local cost of living - my good salary right now, is being chewed up by rent (and supporting a long term ill partner, but that problem doesn't go away). But it might well mean I'm 'pseudo-renting' until retirement, at which point I will need to relocate to retire. My consolation is where I am 'losing' on the housing, I am 'winning' on the pension - I've got a decently large pot at 40 I think, and I'm contributing at a 'good' rate. So if I do end up renting into retirement, I'm not totally screwed.
It's hard to say for sure whether it's all, most or some, just because you won't really notice the well behaved examples. But that's broadly irrelevant - badly behaved is still a problem, regardless of what proportion it is.
Maybe cutting police numbers and staffing levels heavily under austerity might have an impact?
Don't think it matters if it's some, most or all. You wouldn't notice the ones that don't. But _any_ is a problem, and it's clearly frequent enough that it can't be easily brushed away.
Not with a Conservative government I don't think.
No, but the past pattern has been: - legendary release - shiny legendaries - shiny with a non TM special move, so you have to raid more. I am expecting this to happen with Kyogre and Groudon in particular.
They didn't become monstrous overnight. It happened gradually. They rode a tide of nationalism to power, and built up to progressively more authoritarian policies. They used propaganda and "fake news" to simultaneously stir ire, but also build uncertainty. This is worth a read. http://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/511928.html Don't assume for one minute it could never happen here. Germany didn't see it coming.
The statement is the thing you have to pay. A balance doesn't "count" until it has appeared on a statement. The statement date will tell you two things: - The minimum payment. (It's typically a fixed sum or percentage of the statement amount). - The full repayment. You must pay off the minimum, because otherwise a later payment or default is recorded, and this damages your credit score. You _should_ pay off the total balance, because if you don't, you'll pay interest. If the card is settled in full, you pay no interest charges. Money you add to the card after the statement is generated doesn't 'count' until the next statement. You can still pay it off if you want, but because it's gone again before the next statement is generated, it won't appear on your credit file at all. So you can end up showing 'zero usage' on your credit card if you pay off early. If you pay the statement in full by the due date, this is optimal because: - The balance on the last statement date is recorded in your credit file, showing your credit usage. - That you've made the payment correctly is recorded, and lenders like seeing a track record. - You pay off in full and thus accrue no interest. This doesn't actually affect your credit score much either way - if you 'carry' a balance the biggest consequence is the interest payable. But having a higher utilisation due to your debt increasing _might_ reduce your credit scoring, because that's a sign that you might be getting into difficulties.
&gt; Or whoever first acquired the land through force, So it's proceeds of crime? Ultimately, all land ownership stems from once upon a time 'I got here first'. And there's some justification in that - empty land might as well be used. But the thing starts to unravel when the empty land is occupied, then used, and then _sold_ to the benefit of the occupier. Or worse - rented. Because then it means you've a cascade of 'I got here first' being the people who control a huge amount of the world's resources, by occupying it then selling it.
I had hoped something steel. A fire resistant steel type might be interesting.
I'm saying it's probably the biggest thing you save for in your life, and therefore it's an important part of any 'am I saving enough' question. Saving £300/month whilst having no pension contributions is bad news. But saving £0/month whilst having £1000 going into your pension is entirely different.
I currently get a return on direct debit payments. So I overpay it, and asked for the credit over Christmas. 'twas kinda handy ;)
Actually the threshold is more like £950k. It's £475k, but each partner in a couple has their own allowance, and it's transferable.
I'm ok with being taxed more. I earn pretty well. I can afford it. I want a level playing field though.
If you review Conservative policy in light of having an income threshold in order to be considered 'human' an awful lot of their policies start to make sense.
I'd argue that clothing falls into a halfway house. Being able to see and try on clothes is a decent 'value add'. But you need to do a little more with your presentation to beat the cost-edge of online retail.
Indeed. Flicking through this thread, there's a lot of people angry about 'paying inheritance tax' but I'm honestly doubting it's an issue for many. I mean, it does start to bite when you're inheriting £2million or so, and you only get to keep 80% of that, but I'm still sat here thinking 'nice problem to have'. In much the same way that I feel being taxed at an annoying marginal rate because of tax allowance tapering when you hit £100k/year, isn't really a thing I'd be sad about.
Well that's the huge irony. I suspect it _should_ be in the running as the _least_ unfair form of tax. But perception matters. It doesn't raise much, nor does it actually hit many people. But lots of people are angry about it none the less.
Shadow ball's nice, but counter's a beast too now. I'm less sure about going L40, because being able to ultra-league it _and_ rocket battle it would be nice. I'm going to need several I think - one for great league, one for ultra, one for rocket, and a couple for raiding. ... good thing they're not rare, right.
A ghost moveset might give it some sort of niche. SE Vs ghost and resistant to the damage.
A cannon. Because when you're a re-enactor, a cannon is the ultimate pussy magnet\*. Also you have a cannon. \* Not actually true.
Oh they really aren't. The shitstorms of '$BIGCOMPANY employs racists' is a thing that plenty of places want to avoid.
I'm less sure - for me the problem isn't convenience, but the calories. Most take out has a collossal amount of fat and sugar in it. Ready meals do too, but to a slightly lesser extent. But I pretty fundmentally - as far as I'm concerned the whole point of 'takeout' is it's extremely low effort.
I tried making Sushi once. It was a dismal failure, and _WAY_ more effort than it looks.
Was so delighted to find I had a delivery-sushi place in my 'catchment area'. It's not exactly healthy - sushi vinegar has a rather impressive amount of added sugar - but I still think it's 'better' than most take out options.
I think they're good if you've an easy way to access them - such as a partner who plays or a second account. I think they're bad if you don't, because 500 dust isn't worth the effort of asking a group 'anyone want to PvP' for the 5th time, to no response. It's why I'm very keen on the matchmaking feature, if it doesn't suck.
"most toxic"? No. But it's up there.
OK. 1.15% is a good rate on a cash ISA - but you can get slightly better - a Marcus for example, will give you 1.35% instant access. If you're over the PSA, then it might not be as clearly beneficial - I'm not sure I'd be all that bothered over 0.2%. But when Natwest dropped be to 0.25% I was out of there :). And if you are ok with a bit of faff, there's always: https://www.bankaccountsavings.co.uk/
https://www.gov.uk/guidance/tax-free-allowances-on-property-and-trading-income#trade &gt; The trading allowance is a tax exemption of up to £1,000 a year for individuals with trading income from: &gt; - self-employment &gt; - casual services, for example, babysitting or gardening (helpsheet 325 has more information about other taxable income) &gt; - hiring personal equipment, for example, power tools &gt; If your annual gross income from these is £1,000 or less, you do not need to tell HMRC,
I can't see anywhere enough water pipes here. Your reactor will probably run dry under load. If you're any distance from water, pipes can run about 1000 units per sec reliable. Each heat exchanger consumes about 103 units of water per second, so you really need about 1 pipe and pump per 10. That number goes up significantly if you're very close to the pump, but I'd err on the side of caution. That's the biggest reason you see people building reactors on lakes - because they get very thirsty. Otherwise your numbers of heat exchangers and turbines look about right for this number of cores. The steam tanks are a little redundant though - you produce surplus steam, but you've nothing that will ever consume that surplus. You might want to consider a 'burst' turbine bank, that'll use that steam under heavy burst demand (e.g. a bit like accumulators).
Exactly that. Your turbines will consume steam in response to demand. This means when under low load - you've a surplus. But if you're running significant solar, or perhaps have some 'bursty' manufacturing (idle assemblers use a lot less power than busy ones) being able to cover surges without brownouts is useful.
And the bus strands so close together you split them off.
Oh yeah, underground the whole lot, and 'turn' a belt in the gap. But still.
I mean, you can. But if you're using landfill helpers, you might as well just go the whole hog, and go for a tileable design. I've got one that basically uses banks of heat exchanges in close rows, between the heat-pipe, so that I can 'just' spam more tiles. Not _quite_ like this: https://www.reddit.com/r/factorio/comments/9py9rh/fully_tileable_nuclear_reactor/ But broadly inspired by the same concept.
Well, there have been 'hit' and 'miss' community days already. Amphoros wasn't nearly as well attended as Larvitar. There's a bundle of things that make up 'value' on a community day, and only part of the picture is the shiny debut. - Auxilary bonuses (stardust gets people out) - Meta relevance of the pokemon - Relative rarity of candies (which is very regional). - Catching a shiny - Catching more shinies for trading, getting good IVs or using. etc. All forms part of the picture. IMO.
It's meant to encompass most of the social security mechanism in one payment. So housing, unemployment, ill health, child support, even pensions. The idea being you prune back massively - you won't get rid of _all_ social security, but enough of it to vastly simplify the whole mechanism. Then - you take the tax system, and throw that in the bin too - you remove the 'personal allowance' and the 'lower tax bracket'. You pick a breakpoint at which UBI fixed sum == taxed amount. People earning _this_ number are paying zero tax. So for example - if you say 'all tax is 40%', and paid £5000/year as UBI. If you earned £20,000/year, you'd be paying £8000 in tax, but seeing £5000 in UBI to 'top you up again' - thus your effective tax rate is 15% overall. If you earned £10,000/year, you'd be paying £4000 in tax, but seeing £5000 of UBI - so you'd be getting £1000/year extra. And if you earned £50,000/year, you'd pay £20k in tax, but see £5k UBI - so pay £15k net, for 30% overall. Numbers illustrative, but that's the idea of how it works - you counterbalance UBI with tax rates, such that high earners are still net contributors, and low earners are subsidised. This is exactly how social security + tax brackets work _now_ it's just pretty damn complicated, and leads to weird 'traps' and super high marginal rates.
I'd still turn out for it on Community day though.
I like excadrill, but getting people to turn up to it has been difficult. Most people are multi-accounting it :/
They do, but the flee rate stays the same I think - I had at least one piplup flee on me. Abra flees almost all the time on a failed catch which'd be rather ... irritating if you run into a high CP shiny (who's thus harder to catch).
I buy a new box when I either run out of passes, or I've plenty of spare coins. I don't really analyse the value proposition of it, unless I've got both plenty of passes and plenty of coins.
My minimum goal is 1 shiny. I'll go for more if I've time, inclination, and that's more likely if there's something really good to be had - meta relevant stuff (raids, pve, or pvp - I'm not choosy). But at my standard rate - I got 6 shinies in 3 hours last time (my first one was in the first 5 minutes, but that's how it goes). If I only played 90m I wouldn't call that a wasted day.
I think that's the thing though - I'll do community days if I can. But I don't mind missing 'em occasionally. And most of all - I'll go hard on the ones I really want, or bunk off to raid or have a beer if they're not quite as desirable. That's all good as far as I'm concerned.
Top of desirability is lucky-shiny-hundo. Getting 'lucky' and high IV is a diceroll on most pokemon - but trade a full community day worth of catches, and your odds are good. By making that slower (because special trades) and cost a fortune in dust, it means 'just' grinding it up is harder.
This is one I didn't know, and it makes me happy.
Nah we don't. We just need people to adopt mongrels from rescues. Dogs breed on their own. Most of them are lovely. Most of them are perfectly suitable as pets. Working dogs - sure, breeding program makes sense. But they're bred for temperament and ability, not 'breed standard' so you find a much higher genetic diversity. But for most dog owners? Any dog is 'good enough'.
Burlington bunker was set for a similar goal.
Also, there was the adminspotting T-shirts: http://www.adminspotting.org/ (Trainspotting reference, to those philistines too young to have seen it).
But honestly, it's redundant for most people. You have a lot of power in a uranium ore patch.
Mud shot poliwrath
More mining drills.
Marcus gives 1.35%. It's reaonable. If you have longer term goals consider a lifetime ISA for house buying. (But be aware there's a withdrawal penalty)
Higher road position, and it feels like you are driving a tank. Great if you drive like an arsehole...
You make an excellent point. The purpose of bitcoin is to be a currency. And it simply cannot do that whilst it's volatile. Speculation may be fun, but until it's simply not suitable for speculation, then it's not suitable for it's primary purpose.
Annuity yields generally are pretty poor. 2-6% depending on circumstances, and age is a significant factor - Retiring pre-60 significantly increases your 'cost' to an annuity issuer. But because the yield of gilts are absurdly low, the cost of annuities is high. Draw down is a solid alternative for that very reason (that might change if annuity yields stopped being terrible).
I've done an expression of wish with my pension provider. I don't yet have a will, because my estate is 'basically my pension' but have plans to sort one just as soon as the 'buying a house' thing is actually looking close enough to matter.
Because too many people perceive themselves as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.
Host writes DIRECTIO, and then acknowledges to remote that order was received. Loss after acknowledgement is what we're trying to avoid, and that means we need to make sure any buffers are flushed to non-volatile storage.
But with the legacy moves coming back, and dratini is a thing that newer players might not have seen much. The unique move not so much.
No they aren't. Polls are useful. They do need to be sampled correctly though.
Legally? Yeah. Practically? It doesn't happen.
Still way better than an additional car journeys though. People inclined to cycle mostly already cycle or ebike. But that's not everyone, not least because bikes are inconvenient (even the folders) as hybrid transport. I think that's the win here - if you make bike + scooter or train + scooter more viable, you decrease the number of car journeys as a result. I'd _prefer_ they invest harder in cycling personally, but this seems like low hanging fruit to me.
The simple truth is this: Most people are bad at personal finance. It's rarely taught, and frankly even when it is - most people in schools have simply no concept of what £10,000 is, and why pensions or mortgages are going to be super important one day. So always do your own research. This sub is a goldmine, but even then it's not always right - or entirely suitable to your particular situation. But that's ok - if someone gives you advice, and you think 'that doesn't apply, because X and Y' then you're _usually_ right. Not all advice is right for everyone. But knowing enough to understand it, analyse it, and draw that conclusion for yourself is what's important.
But that stopped being true 100 years ago, and we're broadly irrelevant now.
OK. Even then. 'at will' employment means people do stupid stuff to not get fired.
Skip the easy access ISA, and go with whatever cash interest account you can find. Most ISA rates are pitiful, so the 'tax exempt' nature of them is irrelevant.
3 batches if I read? So presumably I'll be able to do a 5k walk 3x per day, and get the full quota. Could be worse - could be up to 15 battles per day, but 1km per, without stacking. That'd make me cry. I wonder how many a raid pass buy - I'd imagine it's 1 pass for 5 battles, but ...
I am _assuming_ that rank is at least in part a function of frequency of play, and between spoofing and phone swings, that means there'll be a group that get their 3x5 every day. So yeah, probably. Then again, if their rank is high because they play a lot, but they genuinely aren't very good, then that presents and opportunity. (I am assuming 'high rank' also means 'better rank boost if defeated')
https://www.facebook.com/pg/LickyLoopyLunaLaLupa/photos/
&gt; Not every league is for everyone. Whilst I agree, I don't think it's master league that's the 'one true' league. The problem with it is that it significantly favours the people who've been playing long enough to have a stable full of powered up legendaries. So it's "not for" newer players. If you're an established player, then it's trivial to put together a decent great league team, so that doesn't really apply in the same way.
It's likely not a 'number of servers' problem - it's quite easy to end up with code that doesn't scale. If you have that problem, it doesn't matter how many servers you have. If you're doing things involving many-to-many meshes, then they can quite easily spiral out of control. Imagine a simple case - every player 'polls' every other connected player to see if they're wanting a battle. With 100 testers, this won't hurt. But once a million people start using it, you've got a million possible 'polls' hitting a million different targets. *shrug*. I'm betting this is more a code inefficiency than a 'server hardware' problem.
Yeah, I think you're right. Labour's a bit more democratic about policy selection, but it does mean all sorts of oddball stuff gets thrown up in conference. Greens have the same problem TBH - if they were in danger of being elected, some of the stuff that comes up at conference (and gets shot down, because it's nuts) would be a real stick to beat them with.
Maybe. I think it's actually maybe the case that _costing_ the manifesto was the mistake. By trying to seem diligent on the numbers (because of past reputation no doubt) they opened new avenues of attack. Ironic perhaps - but it's far easier to handwave something vague.
I think the key reason is signature moves and IVs. If you're pretty active and raided 20 Dialgia, you'd have what, 60 candies, some rare candies as raid rewards... but you might very well not have a high IV specimen. (And lets assume for now, that Niantec doesn't revisit and add signature moves later). You're left with 'investing' around 200 rare candies, and 300k dust to pump that one dialgia to 'master league' level. Maybe a few TMs too, thanks to the joys of the TM system. All adds up to a very expensive effort for a _single_ team member. 25 legendary candies are 'expensive' - that's still 500km walked (ok, half that with an excited buddy). And you might very well find yourself 'obseleted' by a higher IV/signature move later. Dialgia + Giratina-O are going to be high on the list, assuming enough people have them 'in stock'. (Which isn't certain, but trading is a thing, so maybe...)
&gt; “People are just glad it’s over.” Oh my sweet summer child.
It's a poor substitute for a referendum. Ironically perhaps - because there was no referendum, the election was a proxy for a referendum, but with some voters voting 'don't bother doing a referendum'. E.g. a great stinking mess. But really, Brexit is probably going to be less impactful overall than 5 years of a party in power.
Oh absolutely. But as it turned out, it got rubbished as a 'ridiculous waste' without really thinking through the implications.
Giratina-A wouldn't be too bad given it's a solid ultra league pick.
But closed until I walk again I guess? Maybe tomorrow then ;)
No. Until you spend it on a house, it makes no difference. If you do spend it all on a house, you might very well consider that enough of an emergency to warrant dropping to zero until you can rebuilt it. There's plenty of people with net debt and no emergency fund. As long as you are aware of the risk exposure, then it can be an acceptable trade-off for the opportunity cost. Although, you will probably need extra on top of the deposit anyway, which might be as low as £2000, but probably will be double that if not more.
The 'sitting on the couch playing' is covered extremely well by the main series games. If you take out the 'moving around' bit, then PoGo is rather simplistic.
Leading with Poliwrath does quite well for me, but I think that's because it's off meta enough that people forget it has ice punch. Mud shot followed by power up punch has a pretty good chance they won't bother blocking the ice punch that follows. Medicham can do the same, but might be a little too well known.
If mobility is an issue, then a geolocation game is just not going to work out for you. I don't think you can square that circle.
There will be an element of selection bias. To have had a full set of battles thus far, you need to have been quite an active player. And levelling up is an absolute number of matches/wins at this level. So maybe I will wait for the less enthusiastic players to catch up. Could be timezone thing too. At certain times of day you will get different demographics.
I don't know if it's different people, just different rewards. I think it would be a shame if premiums passes only squared off against each others.
I'd assume it's going on ELO. But for the first few ranks, it's basically random. Past that, you should be winning about 50% because you are contesting people with similar success ratios
Bastiodon will trounce all 3 with ease.
I think there's selection bias there. It's opened to higher levels first, and more active and enthusiastic players will be playing disproportionately more and everyone will be close together in rank and rating. It should settle down somewhat, as people start to converge about their skill level.
You need to use a raid pass. They are available with coins. But getting 2 wins is easy enough.
Or spend your free coins on a pass or two. You don't need a lot of luck to get 2 wins out of 5.
Yes, I think so. As it releases to more people, there will be more participants looking to get a bit of dust of various skill levels. Early on is level 40s, enthusiasts and the really active players getting 3x5 in a day - so inevitably "better" players (or at least people with plenty of dust and a good selection of Pokemon) will be more commonly encountered. That should dilute with the widening of levels, and people should start to converge at natural skill levels.
Perl is win.
It's not all _that_ great. Heavily leaning on charge moves means it suffers to shields.
Alteria/Azumarill/Bastiodon is self counting.
True. But it's one of a few I might actually think worth buddying for that reason. There's a couple of others like maybe sableye.
Played a bunch of free. Then went 0/5 on my first premium. It hurt.
Nearly inaccessible? Hardly. Even as a FTP player, you should be earning coins. In both cases: - You get some for free 3 x 5 battles - with lower tier rewards vs. 1 raid. - You get more if you pay (via coins, so can be 'free' still). - You can't buy _more_ than 3x5 sessions per day, even with premium passes. So for 3 premium raid passes per day: - 4 raids, 4 chances at TMs, Candies and catches. (And tier 1s are acutally sometimes more desirable than tier 5s, but whatever). - 3x5 battles (same as zero) with elevated rewards. Considerably more likely to get a 2/5 streak for a Scraggy than a 4/5, but the 5 TMs still needs a 4/5 wins, so it's far from guaranteed. Over time the expected win rate should converge around 50%. Either way: - No passes -&gt; Some loot. - More passes -&gt; more loot.
Because what you've just said is wrong. You can change to premium. Each set of 5 you get to choose basic or premium.
My general rule of thumb is this: You should take on jobs based on a 2 year timeline. You should AIM to be there for 2 years, and after that period review your circumstances. (You can stay if it's still meeting your career needs. You should NOT stay out of habit/complacency). However, that's more like guidelines - if your 'career average' is 2 years or so, that's fine. There's LOTS of jobs out there that 'just don't work out'. If you're still in probation, it might be the case that it doesn't work out from _their_ end either. So I'd say be discreet, but go to the interview. Consider the career history element for what it is - a smudge on your CV, not really a black mark. Multiple times? It's a pattern. One off? Easily explainable to future employers. And yes. See what they offer, and move on to the one that will make you happiest in the long run. And be kind to your current employer - don't burn your bridges. Just be square with them - it's not really working out, I can't stay.
Awesome. It didn't even occur to me. Thanks for finding out.
It's impossible to know. The thing about markets is - anything 'known' is already priced in. The impact of Brexit for example - everyone knows it's happening, lots of people have done analysis based on that. The pound has _already_ moved in value based on probable outcomes. It might shift more as new unknowns come into play, but ... they're unknown, and might go either way. So don't overthink it. If the rate today is reasonable, make the transaction. If you're not sure, you could always split it over a few months in instalments - this will spread out your risk a little. But no one can give you a good answer on 'should I wait or not' because known and expected things are already priced in, and so it's only 'unknowns' or the '25% chance of X' events becoming 100% when they happen that change the number.
Which charge move(s) do you use? 2 of them, or just one?
Not much point IMO - the people making new posts don't read 'em anyway.
It's diverging today I think. Yesterday it was very noticable that the matchups were with 'hardcore' players based on making mistakes with matchups, shield strategy etc. I think that's a selection bias - the early adopters will be the enthusiasts. Today, I got some much more reasonable spread of matchups. Although, fielding a counter-meta pick as my lead has also paid off quite generously.
With your free coins you get for 2 days gym occupancy.
It's early days yet, so so you've a lot of selection bias. It was worse yesterday, than it was today - I think because yesterday the 'first out of the gate' was the hardcore enthusiasts, so _everyone_ knew what they were doing.
On the first day, you're seeing all the players at all levels bunched together, and selection bias. You're mostly fighting people who are enthusiastic about the new feature, and that _usually_ correlates with having resources and enough knowledge to be at least 'pretty good'. Today has been a lot better in my experience, not least because I'm leading out with a counter-pick for azumarill/altaria, and really enjoying hosing people with it.
Lapras is a research reward, sorry. There's a bunch of stuff you won't have available that attendees of community days have - they're good 'starter picks' - but trading for them is usually pretty easy, as a lot of people have 'spares' . Probably more work than you really want, at least until you know you're enjoying it. But honestly, Great League is IMO one of the best, because a lot of the 'pretty good' choices require minimal investment to be useful. Perhaps ironically, Master league also has minimal investment, because of being able to reuse PvE stuff. Ultra... well, you can wild catch stuff at 2500CP, although here there's some legendaries that are _really_ good, but those get very expensive. Starting point should be 'have a look at gamepress PvP rankings, and compare to what you have'.
That's how it works. A pass is a gamble - you're betting on your own ability to get a streak. The most notable reason IMO to go for a pass, is that 2/5 gets you an encounter, where you need 4/5 under 'basic' tier. And the stuff you encounter is at least a _fairly_ decent pool.
I am altogether more surprised there isn't more Azumarill though. I can't see mantine as objectively better, although I suppose bubble beam is a pretty good alternative to hydro pump.
Ok your problem is you have no safe switch if you lead Azumarill. Altaria is hard countered by common stuff and so is meganium. Your can insta lose if Azumarill gets pushed out. Why not try something else on lead? Either meganium or Altaria, and use Azumarill as the safe swap?
Yes. I am. It's the same as if you want to rubbish charmers and confusion users as low skill because they don't spam out their charge moves. All these moves have a huge drawback, in that even if you win the first round, you might have lost the game for yourself in doing so, because you are going into a shield disadvantage fight. But the skill is in the judicious use of your one charge move, recovering the switch, or restoring shield advantage.
It's a bit of a trade-off I agree. I think it would depend quite a bit whether you are leading it. In the front row you want to preserve that mirror. In the back, when one of you will have energy edge, or damage accrued it's more questionable and team dependant.
I've played something similar, and the answer is 'no, not really'. Fire types just don't like the rock typing on bastiodon particularly. Cherrim's a bit more of a nuisance, especially if you're at shield disadvantage because it's not taking SE off your rock damage, and solar beam hits neutral. (Where it wouldn't on a registeel). But if you can land a flamethrower, it's toast.
Agreed. If your baseline is 'nothing at all' then you can fail a lot of times and get back to zero each time.
Not as crazy as it sounds actually. Bear in mind working as a contractor you're an expensive temp, and will be expected to live in a hotel or commute hours per day to attend your gig. And then get sacked at short notice (well, not even 'sacked' just "we have not work; bye". £500-1000 per day doesn't go nearly as far as you might think.
Emergency fund sizing is a risk tolerance decision. We can't really decide for you. If you're happy that one month's expenses is 'enough' then it probably is. There's no emergency fund that's big enough to cover all eventualities. You just weight up the risks and impacts and go from there. With few dependents and costs you need less in your fund in the first place, but that's because your _costs_ are lower, not because the _time_ is less. So I'd say if it's one month of _salary_ you've put aside, it might or might not be enough. Because I think you should still aim for 3 months of _expenses_, which looking at your scenario is probably 'just' rent and bills, so it won't be a particularly huge number.
Meganium being able to take registeel is what makes it the MVP. I've been using Venusaur/Bastiodon/Sableye, and I really do choke hard on a registeel lead. I've won it, but I can't win it reliably. Anyway, Sableye's trick is that it only has one vulnerability - to fairy. It also has one of the best fast move in the game - shadow claw. So whilst it looks bad in a lot of matchups in 'the sims' it wins quite reliably due to getting an energy lead. It only takes 4 shadow claws before it wins the Azumarill matchup for example, so if they're slightly slow on the switch in, you win. And that's true of a lot of fights - it 'barely loses' a lot, so can turn that into a win with an energy lead or conceding a shield. And in the meantime, it does a lot of damage with good shield pressure thanks to shadow claw+foul play. SC is a good damage, high energy move at 3DPT, 4 EPT. That's the opposite of 'counter', and IMO ghost typing is much more useful, as it's only resisted by Dark/Normal. So it makes a really good safe switch: - With energy lead, it takes a lot of fights you might not expect (e.g. azumarill) - It charges fast, and applies a lot of pressure with Foul Play hitting hard. - Shadow Claw on it's own is a great 'farm down' move, to set up an energy lead. - You've really only two things that hard counter you - charmers and umbreons. They're present, but not a catastrophically common risk.
From experience: When you book an outage like this, you include: - Time to take a full backup - Time to do a full restore. - Time to do the work, then realise you need to do the full restore. So as a result, you end up with 8 hour downtimes for what's theoretically a 2 hours job - because you spend the first two hours doing a cold backup, 2 hours doing the work, 2 more hours trying to forward fix whatever went wrong, and still have two hours left to roll back again.
Thank you, I'll give this a try.
Yes, that's a good point. I think I'd be very angry if my 1280 coin ETM got nerfed soon after.
Interesting. I'd like to know more - do you have a link to the detail? I didn't see anything in the downtime post. But even so - migrating a database can potentially be done as a sharded transfer, it's just probably cleaner to take it down, back it up, ship it over, bring it up again... and that way if it does go wrong, you 'just' revert to the originanl.
There do appear to be a couple of charm breakpoints - with high ish IVs on your end, you'll do 21 damage per charm instead of 20. And with lowish ATK on their end, they'll be doing 13 damage not 14. But it does seem to depend on the rest of your IVs - I can't see any of the 'optimal' wigglytuffs that you win against, but there's a pretty good chance it's _not_ an optimal one.
Probably, yes. I mean whilst there's fewer steels, they're still not going away. But I think it's worth considering - losing the mirror might be acceptable in return for the coverage it offers. https://pvpoke.com/rankings/premier/10000/overall/metagross/ Psychic appears to slightly 'edge out' EQ overall, but I agree you definitely need to think about your anti-steel. That might be worth it for not being walled by waters.
It's more I've got a sliding scale of tolerance. Grom does fine with stomping helves, so I didn't really notice the lack. I think it's an embarrassing one to have slipped through the net though. A bit like the T-Posing thing - so many people have posted about it, it's not really a 'niche' bug, it comes up rather a lot. But I'm also not in quite so much a rush for them to fix that, where the 'weapon damage' is a huge horrific oversight, that significantly screws with campaign balance.
3 weeks of ultra is worth an investment IMO. Ranks inflate over time, so getting to the next rank gets easier. And 3 weeks is 105 sets. On average with a 50% win rate you should expect about 50 rare candies from that, and around 200k dust. That's worth some investment IMO.
I'm not sure I like deliberate tanking, but I've definitely been happy with losing rating 'trying out' a suboptimal team. I figure that rating comes really quite easily if you're currently underrated, and it's slow and grindy if you're not really learning anything. (You're staying 'about the same' but slowly drifting upwards due to inflation in the upper ranks). So I've been ok with the notion of dropping 300 odd rating playing around, and then climbing back up again.
Actually no. Up to £30k is tax free.
Ironically perhaps, the legendaries can actually be the cheaper option - you don't need to power up a Giratina far to be 'usable'
It is, but getting walled by steels is a problem them. That's why EQ is good - it works against Giratina and Registeel.
Ultra's a bit of an oddity, as there's some behemoths of the League. Giratina pairs well with a lot of things, as does Registeel, Cresselia or Mewtwo. Personally I found Scizor/Swampert worked quite well, with a A-Muk safe switch. Scizor's good against most stuff that isn't fire, Swampert's good against most stuff that isn't grass, and A-Muk is good against anything that isn't ground (e.g. Swampert).
I use One Note for personal stuff, and Confluence for shared stuff. I start at the basics - a 'how to' procedure. It sounds noddy, but trust me - you'll thank yourself when it's 4am and everything just broke horribly. Write down 'how to do...' almost any task you do. Pick out the decisions you make, and how you make them, and why. Note down the commands you run. Copy the screen output. Make it a very easy document to follow - include everything someone might need, up to and including server names and usernames. (Don't include passwords, but have at least a reference to allow them to _find_ the password like "It's in the safe, black book, page 22"). Builld on your 'how to' documents, when you see a place where you need to develop a design concept - like 'why did we go raid 6 and XFS for this server?' or 'so how many shards do we need to run elasticsearch?' Then write those out, explaining the process of making a decision - and why you chose what you chose. How-to documents are more valuable than widely assumed I find, because it's easy to say 'yes, I know how to swap a disk, and everyone does' but it's actually not as easy as that when it's 2am, the server's crashed hard, management is screaming at you, and you can't see which drive bay has the red light.
They had, and the face-to-face with Articuno was still a loser for them. Stuck with the same 'play' - shield the first HC, soak the second. It stings a bit more, but they go down faster, so actually I think it worked out better for me - I came out with a bit more energy from farming so could IW the next thing more easily. I think Swampert's one you don't want to lead with a shadow, because it's 'shadow power' can spaff off shields too easily. But then maybe that's got some value, because people are more likely to 'use up' their shields on a charge move that hurts more, even if you do get 'walled out'.
I went Articuno, Granbull, REgisteel. Articuno is mostly a bit of headology, because it's frustrating to fight a debuffer. Granbull comes in as a 'switch' - not really _safe_ but in the same sense as Haunter or Shiftry 'work' as switch in - they come in and apply massive shield pressure and try to steal energy advantage. And then registeel at the end, hopefully when everyone's running around naked and I can batter them with charge moves. (Or better still, if I've got shield advantage). Does need a bit of 'cute' playing to take best advantage of Articuno. In some ways you _want_ to lose the lead, because if you can debuff, switch in, and give them a choice to 'stay in whilst debuffed' or 'get locked out of an otherwise good fight' can make them misplay. And if you do that, you might manage to icy wind something later on, too.
Rank 8 isn't 'stuck' it's good. But anyway. I'm using my budget team of: - Scizor - Swampert - A-Muk. They work pretty well together due to broad coverage and limited weaknesses. I reckon Shiftry's pretty good, but it'll be expensive to power up - granbull likewise.
Lots of people try to play it like it's registeel, but it's only superficially similar. IMO it wins harder and it loses harder. That means suddenly 'switch advantage' is the thing you absolutely need to win the match, and if you don't have it, you'll be losing hard. (Unless they forget their steel counter today, or you got SUPER lucky and it's a fire type _and_ they don't have hydro pump on their Azumarill). It's a lot more difficult to play IMO as a result - Registeel is pretty forgiving. Even in it's worst (common) matchup against an Alolan Marowak, it still hurts it and takes a shield in the process potentially too. Plenty of 'bad' matchups with regi still leave it mauling things whilst losing. Bastiodon you can forget about it - switch locked with a whiscash and it'll delete you whilst farming up energy to blizzard the next thing in your lineup.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hge2T560SfjDDvlPLUT_FXIm_JZ5nCeP/view?usp=sharing Hopefully this one's public access (no sound or commentary though, I'm still trying to decide if I'm brave enough to do that)
I love irondrakes. They are terrible in some fights, but amazing in others. In a dwarven melee, your armour superiority means you don't have to worry about "friendly fire" so you can mosh on surrounded by an inferno. Especially if you get fire resist gear on one of your heros.
I think you mean psycho cut, but yes. I know what you mean. Either way it's slow to charge, and reliant on huge bulk.
I like bullet punch, because whilst it charges slower, it does some decent damage. Iron Head or Night Slash are both good picks, and I think you need both for fairies.
Still didn't have 'cleavage'.
1/ Tech up the free zombies 2/ Make an army of free zombies. 3/ repeat this with 4 lords. 4/ suicide your 4-lord/19 zombie stack on a nearby settlement (like templehof/drakenhof) whilst there's an army there of at least 14 units. Walk your zombies in one at a time, climbing the walls to overrun the city. 5/ You casualties will be grievous, but you'll get a MONSTROUS raise dead pool 6/ Repeat this process, but instead of just zombies, add a couple of elites (I like black coaches and blood knights myself) to do the 'heavy lifting'. 1/ SPaming invocation is fine. Vanhels is also a great spammy spell. 2/ No. Invocation is all you _need_ and vampire lords are better as melee dudes. But recruit Necromancer lords too, and use those as well, because a necro-lord with 20 skellies is a potent army. 3/ Top tier mounts are godly, but I tend not to bother before that, because lords in melee on foot are also deadly. 4/ Skellies are your basic building block of your army. Add in monstrous units to 'stiffen' them in melee, and then some flank-and-gank options like blood knights and black coaches to do the serious killing.
OK, Meganium's unusual, but it's a decent pokemon, so that's got some milage. You should know that there's not _much_ water in the meta, so meganium's primary schtick of beating on Azumarill, Swampert, Whiscash, Lanturn etc. is basically just 'it'll whomp on Swampert and Registeel'. Solid niches, but ... well, niche. And you don't have any ability to cope with fliers with meganium, so it sees limited amounts of play. Snorlax is a lovely safe switch though - lick's good, body slam is amazing, and backing it up with one of Earthquake, Outrage or Superpower gives it a LOAD of utility. Of those, I'd say Blaziken's your weak link. Fire/fighting is great against steel, but gets trampled by almost everything else in the meta. I wouldn't look for a legendary at all particularly - of your list, it's only Cresselia I'd be considering really. Maybe Armoured Mewtwo. For non-legendary, Alolan Muk's really good, as is Scizor. Both can do dark damage, which means you've got Giratina, Cresselia and Mewtwo handled. Scizor can also do steel with bullet punch/iron head, so the Togekiss threat is also somewhat mitigated. Alolan Muk similarly, can sludge wave fairies, and snarl/dark pulse are downright dangerous. Also instead of meganium have you considered venusaur? It's probably the better contender for Ultra if you're looking for a grass type particularly. Mostly because sludge bomb gives you coverage against fliers and fairies, where earthquake doesn't. (Although EQ does admittedly really hurt registeels, and does decent damage to Giratinas).
Ah yeah. OK, I see what you mean. I think the Risk Rating should be treated with caution, because it doesn't really take account of the flow of play in GBL. Getting 'good' overall coverage doesn't mean you have a good team, because you can end up reliant on lining up your 'good' matches, and you can't count on that. Edit: wow, my team's just clocked 735. That's .... a little higher than I thought.
Articuno might work. Still does horrible with steels though. But debuffs can even the score with good play later. How about scizor or zangoose? Those can dark on things with night slash. I liked shiftry, but it's an expensive pick for UL. Poliwrath maybe?
In a year it will come to steam
More melmetal than registeel to my eye. But I am ok with that.
Don't get me wrong - I'm still quite annoyed that I miss the ATK breakpoint. But you can play around it, and it's not _disastrously_ limiting. You just can't face off another Dialga in a straight fight.
I think I am ok with that. Good fire power and on something fragile ish makes the leagues more interesting than just a bulkfest.. There's a lot of timeout victories happening at the moment in Ultra.
And with a IMO a better 'coverage' move in Play Rough, so it doesn't get walled by Azumarill. (For Great at least. I'd probably go Night Slash/CC for Ultra)
Looks like they are fairly ATK oriented which means they will be more glass cannons that hit hard. How that plays out in practice is hard to say. Purrserker might take on melmetal rather than registeel. Looks promising though.
Don't forget the debuff attacks from Articuno...
Zyonik did too. Just lead with the Swampert instead.
Or just wait.
Or you could just wait, and get your reward anyway, for free, without taking any risks. But sure. That's Niantec's fault.
Counter's a reasonably good 'consolation prize'
Zangoose does it too, but doesn't have the steel typing.
I've run into a number of double-charmer teams now, so this idea scares me. But then, sometimes a 'hard lose' is ok, when you otherwise dominate 'the meta'.
Water used for hand washing is pretty insignificant compared to water used for gardening, industry, baths, etc.
I know someone who fielded that team, and it did them very well. There's not a great deal of flying in the meta, but neither is there a lot of counter-flying.
Galarians is mud steel with mud shot, rock slide and earthquake. It will be good if you have no other steels on your team, it does well against a lot of things with ground typing. Most notably other steels. And rock slide will make it dangerous to a bunch of stuff too. But earthquake whilst powerful is an expensive nuke and shield able. As a result it's probably being a bit overrated by pvpoke because the sim there assumes bait always works. (Not massively though, as mud shot charges EQ quite fast) But unova form gets better anti water (Azumarill) and better against Skarmory. Electric is a good versatile type that hits well against a lot of the meta, and mud bomb is a great spammy move. The virtue of this one is it has decent matchups against most of the meta. Galarian form doesn't really handle Skarmory or Azumarill all that well, and most people pack a dedicated steel counter because of the threat of registeel.
But if you want to PvP you may even want 2 of each.
I've run into a Suicune, and wasn't overly impressed. Maybe it works better in a different lineup. But the debuff attack thing is good on paper, but bad in practice I find. I'd imagine drapion has the same problem, for all I looked at drapion as part of a 'no shields' team - drapion + Fell stinger, Lucario with power up punch and a charmer. I'd be interested to see how they work out.
Does sound a lot like Shiftry is the tool for the job there! Grass and Dark crosses off all three. I'm still toying with 'splashing out' with Ultra - I've a _decent_ pick list now, but I want to play more.
I've got the same problem. I've not yet decided what I'm going to spend my 'pocket money' for Ultra on. Shiftry's definitely in the running though! It's a lot more expensive to mess around in Ultra, so people are a lot more conservative overall.
That's a high stakes gamble in a league with both cress and A-Mewtwo in it.
I've been quite impressed with it when I ran into it. It's a proper nuisance for both Cress and Registeel, and ... I can't actually remember what I was using that it drill-runned, but that hurt a lot more than I was expecting even when resisted. (Might have been an articuno? I can't remember). Not seen enough karrablast though, and still in lockdown so no traading. That might have to wait. (Or I can start walking I guess!)
Moot point really, because I've burned my Lapras candies getting one for Great. I'll be needing to walk it a bit first. But I think I will try my already-powered-up one with the legacy move, as DP does at least _feel_ like a decent 'coverage' option overall.
It's doable. Not really easy, but doable.
kieng has a video of it in Ultra. https://youtu.be/86CGtGhGYGg I have to say, I wasn't massively awed by it.
Yes indeed. The number of people who've lamented a venusaur, meganium, swampert, or indeed charizard because they missed it and didn't know they needed one. Just having them in the pool as rare encounters would make it a MUCH more attractive reward.
Second move on Stoutland is cheap
Now I've not downvoted your opinion, for all I disagree. I'm pretty disappointed that others have actually. I mean, I think you are wrong, but that's ok - you've given your opinion and explained why you don't like it, and that's constructive discussion, and worthy of upvoting not down. Anyway, to pick up your points - the new Waaagh is a LOT more useable I find, even if on paper the units aren't so good - I mean I've had a few black orcs and boyz come along, and with GS quantity is a quality of it's own. But in particular not having to stall and wait for the waaagh to catch up is a HUGE improvement, and I like this result a lot better. I consider having units that don't slow me down more than enough compensation for them being 'worse'. I mean this way I can attack another army, and get the waaagh to come along, rather than ... not. And in the battle, the 'waaagh' battlefield effect feels just kinda spot on - a bit of a surge periodically. Black Boss I find really does work well - the skill tree is pretty meh, but the baseline stats are there already. It's great for stiffening particularly lower tier units, so your night gobbos don't just leg it. I found the trick there was to dismount, so it can work in the middle of a melee infantry unit (I guess mounting would be OK if you wanted to keep up with a cavalry unit). Scrap ... well, you're kinda right there's less buffs in the tree - but there's still a decent number, and I think the scrap boosts are big enough to be worth having instead. I'm sorta ok even if it is 'break even' because it feels more immersive. And grom... well, I didn't have the problem with enemy doomstacks, but maybe that's just me. In particular unbreakable trolls, with frenzy and phys resist and regeneration on the gobbos worked really well. But it's very much about the cauldron IMO, and getting a good set of boosts out of that. Grom himself with the chariot was oodles of fun to rampage around. Anyway, I'm _not_ playing on Legendary, so I imagine that's why our perspectives differ.
I find that I don't need wind of death, I have spinning loons. They're just nuts if you're frontal charging with a bundle of night gobbos, and can set off 4-6 concurrent 'breath' spells to spiflicate their front line before they hit. I've wiped empire armies barely getting into melee, and I swear most of my losses were 'friendly' fire from the loons.
- Cresselia - Alolan Muk - Articuno - Lapras - Togekiss - Clefable - Shiftry - Obstagoon - Gyarados. - Snorlax - Lickilicky
grass complements bastidon nicely, and no you're not weak to fire - Bastidon is neutral, and hits SE vs. fire, and Azumarill ... well, that's fine too. How about Shadow Victreebel? Basti/azu are chunky and can 'donate' their shields and victreebel hits like a truck if you've got shield to spare.
I didn't get along with Honchkrow, but yes, it's a solid choice - glassy, but then some of the above are too (shiftry for example).
Micrometa. There's a completely different set of things you face at different slices of the ratings, as you pass through a wall of steel - and everyone running counter steel, into a place that's sufficiently steel hostile that to continue upward needs a change in core team. And changing the core team is disruptive, so people backslide, and get stuck on that rung of the ladder
There are slices in the meta where steel is uncommon, simply because of the availablity of registeel and melmetal. . And poison is always uncommon. I can see it. Especially if you do snarl on Granbull and use it with close combat and crunch for a bit of coverage.
Also you can do excited without poffins if you are keen. Takes a few hours though of doing interactions (feed, play, photo, battle leader) at 30m intervals and any interaction at the intermediate step to reset the decay clock. You gain 8 emotion points per hour like this, and end up excited at 32. So it can take 4 hours, but practically it will be less, because any gym fights, rocket fights and distance increments also boost motivation points.
Yes. But almost nothing uses it as a primary move, and you can shield sludge waves whilst dealing neutral.
You can deal with the steel if you go Superpower or Earthquake on Snorlax.
I would add luminark and steam tank to that list. The luminark is a great lord or monster sniper (turn off fire at will).. Steam Tank are basically cannons, with mobility armour and a massive charge bonus.
You are making a mistake in thinking of it as progress and points. It's not. It's rating. Rating follows skill and is multiplied by team. (And league) If your skill and team are unchanged, then your rating isn't going to either. It will go in circles maybe slowly increasing as the average inflates. The way you improve your rating is by improving your skill. Practice helps, grinding doesn't.
That's why I said "team is a multiplier". An Average team with average skill gets you a good rating. And excellent team with average skill gets you a higher rating. And an excellent player with an average team is probably still able to win a more than the average player would with the same team. But at least part of the skill is in being able to read the meta, and adapt to it, and also assemble teams with an underlying strategy. It doesn't do you much good to copy Caleb Peng's latest, unless you also follow his reasoning on how to play this team effectively. In any case - if you're just being carried to a high rating by having a good team, you'll actually plateau harder - because the team 'did the work' and your skill hasn't improved. It's actually beneficial at that point to switch teams _expect_ a rating hit, but learn a different set of skills, move counts and switch sequences, because when you com back again, the rating you just burned will come back quite quickly, and may increase a bit because your skill has too.
Locale settings exist. There is no excuse for an app to hardcode a locale. I might accept if it was hardcoded to an international standard. ISO 8601 defines time and date standards. But really. Let me format date and time how I want it. It's really very easy.
I would be quite happy if they made a triple game like Warhammer. Three theatres, with a combined map. But definitely with naval combat.
Also works for targeting certain spells.
I'm playing because I enjoy it. Bring out a fun team, stop obsessing about rating. You'll get encounters about 50% of the time, and the 3 RC about once a day on average, at almost any level you play at. Oh, and about a million dust a season. And if you're not having fun, play a different team. And if you're still not having fun... then stop. The world won't end.
No one's mentioned the flowchart yet: https://flowchart.ukpersonal.finance/ If your near future goal is house buying: - Some into an emergency fund - Rest into LISA. You can _currently_ get money back out of a LISA without net penalty, but that likely won't stay that way. So you need the emergency fund. I wouldn't suggest stocks and shares investing given your circumstances, except I would suggest having a play (with a stocks and shares ISA). Set aside a token amount that you can afford to ignore for a decade, and look to open a stocks and shares ISA and invest it. It doesn't have to be much - £100 is sufficient - but the idea is you'll get a feel for how 'investments' work, and how market volatility plays out, without really risking something you can't afford to lose.
I was one of them. I had a few high IV hatchies. And I've not really been bothered by it in the slightest. I've even powered up _two_ of 'em now, one with 'high IV' (bad PvP IV) and one with _good_ PvP IV. The recent 2.5 events helped I'll concede, but it's not like Azumarill _suddenly_ got good. Bellossom and Sunny Cherrim on the other hand, got good mid season, and I had to scrabble a bit to find one. I actually quite enjoyed that though, tracking down something I want is part of why I enjoy the game. (And I didn't _need_ them you only genuinely _need_ 3 pokemon per league)
And most people wouldn't even think of it, had not this game made it very obvious that it meant _something_
I do it quite a bit, yes. I mean there's limits how much you can do with it - registeel can't overcharge much for example. But it's nice to have a bit of energy in reserve when you put something down, just because that'll reliably win you an otherwise equal match. When you don't know what might be 'next up' it can be worth staying in, taking a bit more damage in the process (togekiss was definitely hurting that Gengar for example) but in order to have 1-2 charge move ready for whatever's next. A double tap with something like a shadow ball or sludge bomb is really very dangerous, and you might _still_ get a third move off before your opponent gets their first. (E.g. close combat on the granbull - if I switch it in just after an opponent's launched their charge move, I can probably hit them with 3 close combats - 300 damage in total - before they get another one)
It's dreadful design. The _whole point_ of MMR, is to try and get decent ~50% win rate fights that are fun for everyone. And Niantec's reward system chases the very streaks that Elo MMR tries to prevent. And then they assign a rating threshold for 'rank' which is entirely arbitrary and meaningless, being a relative measure. If they changed the rewards to be cumulative wins (e.g. every 5 wins you get an encounter, every 10 wins some rare candies, etc.) and 'rank' to be percentile based, then all the grumbling will go away. And so will the 'tanking' because it's no longer the optimal way to play.
You've inspired me a bit. I tried something on a similar theme: - Granbull lead (Snarl, Close Combat, Crunch) - Gengar (PARTY HAT SHINY!) - Articuno. Conceptually similar I feel, despite looking very different. I mean Granbull's trying to pretend to be heracross with snarl/CC. (Crunch over EQ gives you a different set of utility). Articuno is pretending to be a cloyster, and debuffing with the Ice Wind - you gain some matchups, you lose others. And of course Gengar in the back. It's a bit hit and miss, but it's fun. I even did a video (please ignore the muttering in the background) of it working: https://drive.google.com/file/d/11Ay0Gyln9jkdH0zDZjV2NBTu4WDl11Wn/view?usp=sharing
I'm still enjoying it. My 'goal' is to score a rare candies bundle per day, once out of my 5 sets. It's achievable, although technically a slightly above average expected return.
Starts at 4/4. Buff is 5/4, 6/4, 7/4, 8/4 Debuff is 4/5, 4/6, 4/7, 4/8 When you see it happens "sharply" means a 2 stage boost, and "harshly" means a 2 stage decrease.
90% of that is just psystrike though.
Mantine's only one stage - you'd have to land 4 bubble beams to drop their firepower to 50%. But the core point of it is IMO that even a 20% reduction in damage is enough that you can survive one more charge move. The reason I find it potent is because it acts as an 'extra shield' - with Ultra now, I'm bring articuno out to play, and most things I can shield; debuff, then not shield again and reliably win. That's especially true against the tanky-types that are so prevalent in Great/Ultra, because tanks don't hit hard in the first place, and kill slowly - you lower their mediocre DPS and the longer the fight lasts, the more favourable it is to you. Articuno works very well in Ultra, but it's a disaster in Master, because of this.
It's certainly a lot more expensive. I am doing it a bit, but that caught me out last time as I ran dry before ML hit. But I have blown a fair bit powering up a granbull and Gengar of all things. And a Registeel, but that hardly counts as a spice pick, aside from maybe making it a bit easier to go spicy with other team members. I am still tempted with a Perrserker or Obstagoon though. I do definitely need to keep aside some resources for a Swampert for Premier though. Not quite sure if I am brave enough to ETM my shadow Hundo, but I'd like to have the option.
Ikit and Gelt top my list too
Having tried one - Togkiss is a disaster to encounter.
Well, mostly Swampert/Garchomp both don't get along too well with fliers, and most especially dragonite. Neither of them are keen on ice types particularly either. I'd like to 'bait out' a back row togekiss, because that I think will be quite common, and ruins the day of Garchomp. To the point where I'm thinking the Garchomp might have to be the switch _in_ just in case there's one waiting.
Actually, I suppose a hard anti-flier might be the tool for the job there. Something like Rhyperior perhaps, as that's going to be demolishing both Togekiss and Dragonite alike.
I tried Honchkrow last season, and just couldn't get it to work. It charges fast, and sky attack hits hard with good coverage - but it's super brittle. I've actually had a bit more success with Gengar, but even that's very hit and miss. Gengar works well if you can switchlock with a fighter or fairy, and farm it hard, but that's not common enough to really be useful. (I mean, it is hilarious when it does work). I've also considered Shiftry, which I've not seen much but really liked the super fast leaf blades. And granbull - again, I've had some limited success thanks to just how brutal a double-close-combat can be. But I think just generally, Ultra's much more about endurance than Great, and so 'glass cannons' just don't really work.
I tend to just go with an honest answer these days. I name the price that would make it easy for me to accept that job in that location. It's usually quite a high number, so a lot of places go 'no thanks', but that's fine - no one's time is wasted. I mean right now I live outside Oxford, and London's at least £20k more to be 'break even' on commute, and more still to be actually _attractive_. But I'm happy to tell recruiters that 'If we're talking about £X or higher, I might be interested' and mostly they go away again and stop bothering me, but occasionally they lay out stuff that is prepared to cough up that price. Note - my 'acceptable price' varies hugely depending on location, job, and how desperate I am. When I am passively looking, I want a 'better offer'. When I'm actively looking, I'm wanting some sort of improvement. When the money's starting to run out I'll take a step down as long as it covers my costs. But my starter is: - Current salary + £5k + cost of commute delta(can be negative in theory) + travel time delta. (I assume an 'hourly rate' for my commute that's based around my salary, but it's got some fudge for being 'snoozing on a bus' vs. 'hellish drive in rush hour traffic')
I think it depends on the lead - I think in most circumstances I'd be better off charging up a meteor mash, maybe eating a charge move _then_ swapping out. If I do 'draw out' a fairy, I've got to be able to kill it whilst it's still switch locked, and whilst dragonite goes down fairly fast, it's still a bit of a race.
I'm really not convinced. Ultra and Great are both unkind to things with overweight ATK, and ... well, Alakazam is an extreme case. I mean, do it if you're having fun and some success with it, but I don't see a strong case for it in the meta.
Realistically you're squishy enough that you need to shield the flash cannon _anyway_ so it doesn't really matter that it's SE. Neither Melmetal nor Perrserker do primary steel damage otherwise. The only real threat is the increase in Scizor leads, because bullet punch really stings, and so does Iron Head. (Although they do seem to have a habit of jumping the gun with night slash). Also Scizor isn't vulnerable to fighting. It's sorta working for me, although I'm still trying to get it to a happy place overall. I certainly had some success with Scizor/Amuk/Swampert, because I wanted the 'single weakness' thing. I've tried various iterations with Granbull now - my current is just silly and not really working, but it's Granbull, Gengar, Articuno. I think I'll try at least one set with Granbull, Amuk, Swampert tomorrow, so thanks for the inspiration. (I've no chance of getting a Heracross, so I'll see how it plays out)
That's it. So you often swap with someone else, maybe as a lucky. Or walk a lot.
They also want you to get the job in the first place though, so they get their commission at all.
Sludge wave on Swampert or Alolan Muk can make 'em pretty miserable too.
Yes, I didn't make that clear. You can't have cday + return, within ETM, but it's the community day move you get in preference.
I'm not sure you won't have the same problem with stuff like Snorlax and Milotic and Lapras though. (Maybe cloyster too, because icy wind) The CP cap means 'bulk wins'. At least Premier/master, high ATK becomes sorta viable again - Dragonite's glassy, but it's got the headroom to it's CP to do good work, where it can't really in Ultra.
IMO if you're single moving Giratina, you probably want two different damage types - and that means shadow claw/dragon claw. Otherwise you get walled by fairies/steels.
Perhaps. Like I say, I think I want to reserve judgement to see how Premier works out - dragonite/garchomp/metagross/Tyranitar etc. are super high CP with gaping vulnerabilities so I have hopes that we'll see a more balance meta there overall. Anything that improves the snoozefest that's a Cresselia face off though.
A day or two is something wrong. It usually does that initially, because it can't tell how warm your system is, and then adjusts dynamically. So as you said home lab - how's the dust build up looking? It might be an airduster clears off the temperature sensors and improves the airflow so it stops doing it.
Yes. I hope they realise how bad an idea it is
I think the Halberdiers have a place for defending wall assaults/choke points. The skirmishers can just get in the sea though.
When the crash happens, it's already too late. By definition - a crash is when things have dropped. You should only "do something" before the crash happens, because otherwise you've bought high and sold low. And since you can't predict that - no one can, that's _why_ crashes happen - you just need to start off with a strategy in the first place.
I was going to say, the fact that FTL may be genuinely impossible, and thus any 'interstellar' fantasies are ... well, fantasies. The stars are out of reach. Unless we go 'generation ship' but even that has different problems - that's an orbital colony with a directional vector into deep space, not interstellar travel.
Special relativity means there's no absolute measure of 'before' and 'after'. It'd observer dependent, causality propagates at the speed of light. Therefore if you can exceed the speed of light, you can also time travel. They're intrinsically the same thing. In a universe where time travel exists, causality doesn't - and all sorts of things get VERY strange as a result.
And pranking strangers can work just fine if you accomplish that. But you're taking a big risk by doing that with someone who you don't know their sense of humour. A lot of "pranks" are indeed just bullying though.
No. Both are wrecked by charmers, and have trouble with Azumarill.
I farm up it excited pretty routinely. That's why I won't buy poffins. It doesn't take that much effort, just a few hours of prodding the phone occasionally. Can do it whilst at work.
Power Gem does decently vs. fliers. I did Venusaur, sableye, Bastiodon, but swapped the Venusaur for Victreebel. Still had trouble with steels, but Victreebel actually has a decent matchup with registeel. I have also been using Sableye with shadow gardevoir and registeel too. My stunfisk team was stunfisk, shiftry and Altaria. I think that would work with the Galarian Fisk too.
Icy Wind is amazing as "bait" given how much damage it does. Hurricane is rare enough that a lot of people "risk it", especially when the non legacy moveset you resist.
Obstagoon's good against all 3?
Well done. Kudos on Rank 9. Definitely harder this season than last. Does feel good to nuke stuff with a trashcan, but people are getting wise to that one now, and starting to expect it. But so it goes, at least you get a shield off them.
&gt; But you can have counters for those on your team. Well yes. Of course you can. But you'll need to counter all 3, between the remaining 2 of your team if you don't want to lose to the most common team in the meta.
I like Articuno, but found a 'steel meta' was just too much of a problem for it. If you want to keep it, you'll need two steel counters with decent coverage against 'everything else' and that's quite burdensome. Swampert's probably last on the 'to-cut' list, and A-Muk is excellent because ... well, dark types are great in the current meta, especially dark types that aren't wrecked by fairy and fighting!. I might swap it for an Obstagoon, as that's the in thing right now, but, it does well enough at its role. For your third I'd say you need something that's got decent all-rounderness. How about Snorlax?
Yeah, I've had some milage out of Articuno/Swampert/Registeel. That's worked pretty well. You do I think need hurricane though, because otherwise your cresselia matchup is a losing one.
You've two steel counters, but limited capability against giratina or cresselia. Roserade in particular is probably handicapping you, being ranked at 206 on PvPoke. https://pvpoke.com/rankings/all/2500/overall/roserade/ What role is it filling in your team? If it's just counter-swampert, then IMO there's better things to use for that job, or just ignore the problem as Swampert isn't a big threat to your team in the first place. It also counters fairies, but again - a charmer isn't a big threat to your team. I would also suggest that Snorlax with Earthquake is the way to go. Whilst SP is good against steels in particular, EQ gives you capability against Giratina _and_ steels. I'm not sure what I'd run in your team instead of Roserade - aside from the obvious 'it's a good slot for a giratina or cresselia of your own'. But how about a togekiss, or a gyarados instead?
You should also probably not expect GBL to return quickly. They may not have an easy fix for this problem, and they may not be able to fix it over the weekend.
I keep coming back. Warp lightning spam with that Regeneration skill is just delicious. And I just can't decide which weapon teams I like best. So I bring lots to the point where I forget the melee infantry.
The food economy is complicated, and will screw you over. But it's also the weapon teams - they're hard to use effectively if you're new, because the default 'skirmish mode' actually makes ratlings and globardiers ineffective.
Oh I have got the knack now. But it's definitely a high risk play to have almost entirely ranged. I usually have 6 ratlings ;)
Works quite nicely when skavening. My standard 'play' is a proper army, and a second army of skavenslaves. The 'main' army pretty much always goes into ambush stance, and the skavenslaves just trundle around playing bait or meatshields. The second army can be lead by a master assassin, and maybe 1-5 'supporting' units like triads, or death runners. (Or an assassin hero). Then whilst the main army proceeds to batter at the walls and towers with artillery, the master assassin can kill off their arty back row and/or their general.
That's when people start multi accounting.
32 points at 8 per hour takes 4 hours. But in realiity it's a little less, because you get 3 points for a 2km walk, and other interactions like battling a gym/raid/rocket are worth a point as well.
If there's one silver lining of the Trump presidency, this may be it - he's pushed too far, and people who would have shrugged off 'casual' racism, aren't prepared to do the same with blatant and overt racism.
If happens faster if you do the intermediate. Slightly anyway.
Assuming a zero starting point. But you can see when the decay happens by watching for the "smile" to switch.
I think GS Gains value if you're using goon as a safe switch rather than a lead. BEtter to have anti-fairy coverage if you might get locked in, but if you're leading with it or sweeping, having the types is more useful.
Stop thinking of being nice as something special. Congratulations you aren't an asshole. Lots of the world aren't assholes. But if you want to form a relationship, being nice and waiting for them to notice you is the worst way to do it, because it's made your relationship transactional. Be nice -&gt; get sex. That's just cheap prostitution, and pretty skeezy.\* Why not instead just take the time to get to know someone. Without expectations. You will definitely find out something about another person, maybe make a friend. And just maybe get a bit of practice in with engaging with another person. This might lead to something. It might not. Either way you grow as a person. \* nothing wrong with sex work, but it's not really the start of a relationship.
&gt; Is it very complicated/costly to get a planning permission once you've bought the plot? Oh my sweet summer child. Yes. UK planning permission regs are labyrinthine and painful. There's _no_ guarantee you'll get PP, and plots _with_ planning permission are worth a hell of a lot more. There's even people who buy likely looking plots, apply for planning permission, and resell them at a markup. There are a few 'self build' developments out there though, such as Graven Hill in Bicester. If you look there, you'll see the _plots_ clock in at a hefty price, even without the house on top of them. Starting at about £180k for the smaller plots. That's in no small part because of all the 'other stuff' like utilities as well as the planning permission. https://www.self-build.co.uk/finding-plot/ &gt; You should never buy land without planning permission so, resist the temptation to buy a cheap plot of land on the basis that ‘it will get planning one day’. &gt;By all means, make an offer subject to achieving satisfactory consents but if you sense that you won’t get them, walk away. &gt;Ask yourself the simple question as to why outline planning has not already been obtained if it’s a feasible plot; it costs just £335 to apply for and can turn a relatively inexpensive field into a plot worth possibly several hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Observe the filth in the picture. A filthy heretic, that's who.
I'm here for the rare candies and lapras candies.
&gt; How is this any different than their "secret prizes" for go fest for example? What? WHat are you even asking here? Is a glitch, that got discovered and exploited for a small amount of time somehow comparable to planned content? The reason this is a problem is that it's availability is uneven based on geography - NZ has always been the 'beta test' region for anything timezone based, and this glitch in particular favours people in later timezones _significantly_. No one in the UK knew about this when the spotlight hour was on.
No, probably not. The thing here is that dogs count as 'surfaces' that can be contaminated by virus. So if I've got it, I smear it on your dog with petting, you can catch it off that. With your dog - and not being petted by other people - it's a non issue. Part of the reason I'm just so annoyed at people who have taken the lockdown as an opportunity to spend a lot more time with their dogs off lead. Mine doesn't like it at the best of times.
If they really need to bring the walking back, I guess. Honestly - I'm walking just as much, if not more than before even without the set distance thing - I want eggs, rare candies, and I'm looking for 'PvP grade' candidates of more common stuff. I think bringing back the walking distance will disenfranchise players in a way that's ultimately harmful - more competition and diversity in GBL is what makes it interesting.
This isn't a negotiation. Niantec's going to do what they want, and we'll just suck it up.
And a whole load of spoofers.
I mean, you're not wrong. And yet....
I reckon you could fit a pi-zero inside a potato. You'd probably want to battery power it and ensure it was well sealed though. Rather than potato-powering it.
If people use them as a 'normal' bank, then overdrafts - and fees there - are routine. But people don't - I know I don't, and for me _not_ having an OD is a thing I like about Monzo. (Which I appreciate means I'm not a customer generating them revenue)
NetApp's a still a top player in it's niche. The ONTAP model delivers what it sets out to, very nicely indeed. Really it's only downside it it doesn't scale all that well, but actually there's really not many NAS products that do. (Lots that _say_ they do, but hardly any that actually pull it off). But a petabyte scale system - which honestly, is often 'enough' for most consumers - it does just fine.
Still annoyed it's US only.
What I meant was that because _most_ people don't pay CGT on house sales, due to the primary residence exception, there's Stamp Duty instead. I think if they changed it so CGT was payable, but SDLT was abolished, that would be a lot fairer overall. Everyone would pay a similar sort of amount (e.g. once per house move) but tail loaded rather than front loaded. And in proportion to capital gain, so you're clearly only paying on 'profit' transactions.
Here's how it's done. Note: Don't try this at home, it'll get you banned. https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonGOBattleLeague/comments/hb7swm/this_video_explains_how_the_cheater_did_his/
Probably true. But literally anyone who's ever run an online game could tell them why that's a bad idea.
So could I be a proud American if I went and became a citizen? :)
Eminently reasonable. And also eminently reasonable that we can take down statues of people who did nasty things _whilst_ remembering the history there.
I don't think anyone really knows - it depends how deep the bug goes into the code. Code release cycles take weeks. There's a sliding scale of how much effort it _could_ be to fix: - A simple bug - change a value in a file, push the update. Either 'overnight' or 'until a new version of the client is pushed and forced'. - A more complicated bug, that requires implementing a new 'feature' (effectively) - think how long it took to change the move-UI to show overcharge. That's about how long - multiple weeks. - A serious design flaw, that requires an extensive rewrite, and starting from scratch: Months. Sadly I think there's a danger this bug is in the latter category. It looks to be because of trusting the client too much. It might not be possible to 'fix' without a rewrite. We'll see I guess, but don't get your hopes up. The fact that they've not said anything yet, nor released anything yet makes me think this is as bigger problem.
If there's a lot happening client side - which clearly there is, or this cheat wouldn't be possible - that would actually explain a lot. It would mean any time you're fighting someone who's running on a potato you'd be getting lag because the 'remote server' (e.g. their phone) is slow. Or if they had a bad network connection.
Whenever there's an obvious cheat, there's 10 more who are less stupid about it. Cheating _discreetly_ is much more effective, because you get away with it a lot longer (and there's less community outcry). It wouldn't surprise me at all to find there were people who were deliberately 'just' cheating odd number matches or using clever switching to make people doubt they were doing it. I mean imagine if someone charges up two moves, uses one then swaps out. You'll have a much harder time spotting that they've got more energy than they "should" - move counting is easy in a head-to-head, but it's much harder if the pieces keep getting shuffled, and extra moves can sneak through on switches and charge move activation. I'm still not sure - I can think of a few cases where I was surprised at how fast a swampert earthquaked me, but I'm not sure if this was this bug or just me miscounting. And that's what they rely on - I'm unsure, it could be cheating, it could be just lag or me not keeping track as well as I thought I had.
And Niantec did. They 'hotfixed' GBL by taking it offline. If the flaw that's being exploited is inherent in the game design, it's not going to be quick or easy to fix, test and release.
Stick an old CD in a microwave sometimes. Takes about 2s to 'die' .
I've got 17,000 electric mining drills active in my current base. I'm harvesting around 5M of copper and iron ore per hour. So yeah. This game is open ended. Megabases get REALLY big :)
&gt; Holy shit, that sounds like so much fun! Oh you're in for such a treat. I almost wish I could forget starting to play, just so I could experience it again.
It's not a matter of size though. It's a matter of people feeling the need to have lethal force at their fingertips. Maybe that's right too - I mean the constitution was written the way it was for a reason. But as a consequence, lethal force is also FAR more common, and that has knock on impacts.
Well, yes. I'm still a little frustrated over the uneven availability of: - Tropius - Heracross - Melmetal - Dialga - Deoxys. I think that's ultimately harmful. (I'd be ok with melmetal if the candy distance wasn't truly absurd)
Until we know how mega evolution works, the answer is impossible to give. Either PvP spread or Hundo look likely to be good.
Charge bonus is the same, but time based, decaying over 15s.
I think you are doing PvP a disservice thinking of it as rock paper scissors. There's quite a bit more nuance to it. And for me that's my goal. It's the point of collecting Pokemon, dust and candies. But Pokemon Go isn't a particularly deep game. A lot of the challenge is amplified by the real world game theatre. And it's free. Means more people, but also a more casual game. If that isn't what you want the main series games are popular for good reason. Edit: Really? That was worth downvoting? Sheesh you guys.
We aren't talking about value though. The value of 'stuff you get for free' is functionally infinite. You can pay $13 for an ETM. Or you can pay zero because coins. Or you can just not buy it. Different pricing models - if you want to spend 'a WoW sub' worth of money on Pokemon Go, you can.
Wind blast is surprisingly potent too.
It doesn't mean they _do_ have power either. But they definitely have the power to move on and find a better situation.
I'd pay for better expected return on rare candies. Premium track giving me 0.25 is _worse_ than the 0.5 of 'non premium' and so I never will.
https://www.gov.uk/inheritance-tax There's actually a decent chance that there's no IHT payable, thanks to the tax allowances. - £325k per person. Transferrable between spouses if unused. - Increasing to £475k if there's a property going to descendants. So most people don't pay tax on inheritance anyway. &gt; Reading around, the advice isn't clear on the deceased spouse's allowance and how that trickles down to the overall estate. A married couple gets £325k each. Any unused is transferrable. Therefore if the _total estate_ is less than £650k, or in this case £950 because of the house - then there's no IHT payable. Some of the allowance may have been used already, for the stuff that went to you and your brother when your mum passed. But actually that doesn't matter too much, because presumably 'the house' is most of the estate anyway. You might find there's a value disparity between 'value when inherited' vs. 'value today' but generally this will even out to be broadly equivalent. &gt; His company pension which is a defined benefit pension scheme. At 80, it's unlikely this pension will be inheritable. Usually pensions are transferrable (with some loss) to a spouse, but the _point_ of an annuity is it's like reverse life insurance - you pay a lump sum to 'bet' you'll live long enough to see a return, and if you don't the insurer profits. A fund _before_ it 'activates' and starts paying a retirement income can be inherited, but once it's been 'tapped' it usually can't. But specific pension scheme details may say something else. &gt; His savings That's the easy bit for this - if savings + house &gt; £900k -&gt; IHT is due at 40% on anything over that threshold. This is likely to be best payed out of the savings if possible.
Have a read through the comments here, and you'll see the justifications: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/he3jno/most_black_british_people_think_boris_johnsons/
15 atk and 15 defence is what I look for. The STA matters for a couple of HP - and the 3 or so HP difference you've got over a perfect _might_ matter occasionally, but it's literally only one fast move difference. Where missing a def/atk breakpoint might be 1 damage _per move_ difference.
&gt; Piers isn't wrong I agree, but agreeing with Piers Morgan makes me feel sad.
&gt;On what basis do you possibly get to 80% of people catching it? I'd assume 'it's contagious, there's no vaccine' means that it'll continue to spread until 'herd immunity' as achieved. And that means there _has to be_ a fairly high percentage of people who've caught it.
I've just had a Cresselia vs. Cresselia, and they got 3 in a row against me with moonblast. So a fairly even matchup turned into a significant loss. Fortunately I returned the favour later with Articuno.
That's because the US doesn't really have a 'left wing' they've got a Right and an Even More Right. The Conservatives are 'lefties' by US political standards.
I find it fun. I like having reasons to find and power up more unusual stuff, and I like the tactics and strategy involved in putting together a reliable team. But perhaps the biggest is that I don't lag all that much, and so it's not really enough to spoil it for me. I also take it seriously _enough_ to try and 'git gud' but not so seriously that I find it frustrating to encounter 'bad luck' - and I count getting 'bad' buff/debuff rolls in just the same category as lag - something that _can_ screw up your game, but ... doesn't always, and you can play through it
IMO it depends how you're using Garchomp. On lead - you probably want a bait move. As a sweeper? 2 nukes do nicely.
&gt; But is it irrational? Absolutely. - We have an obsession with home ownership in this country. This drives irrational behaviour. - Most sellers are private individuals, and are much more loss-averse. You see people refusing to sell at 'fair market value' because they're losing money they never had in the first place. - We buy based on room count, most specifically bedrooms. This leads us to some batty price-per-square-ft ratios and property density - the optimal housing estate from a builder's perspective is as many 'small 3 beds' as they can ram together. - New but shoddy is worth more, thanks to help-to-buy incentives but also just in general - than older properties. You wouldn't _have_ a 'new homes warranty' if there wasn't a pretty high likelihood of needing it. - Somewhere to live is an inelastic supply/demand thing - we all need somewhere to live, and will rent if we can't buy. So demand doesn't fluctuate much. All these factors converge to give us a market that's been bubbling for decades, and a crash is on one hand 'due' and on the other ... probably not going to happen.
It's how they built such a good auto-select system for raids.
Hurricane's a good coverage move for Articuno now ancient power's been nerfed. Honestly though, you won't get much use out of it, because 95% of the time you want icy wind, and of the remaining 5%, at least some is charizard where ancient power's better. A nuke move doesn't really fit all that well on a debuffer, although it does get you a few 'clutch' wins. The core problem is that Articuno is just wrecked by steels, and there's no shortage of those in the meta. I'm running into increasing numbers of double steel teams.
&gt; Do you know what pairs well with Scizor or Esc? The bug steels are really vulnerable to fire. And fire in turn is suppressed by water or rock. (Ground works too, but not against Charizard which is probably 50% of fire types on it's own). ... and having just gone down the list of candidates, I've excluded a WHOLE bunch of them for being legacy (lapras has legacy move, hydro cannon etc). Gyarados is about the closest I can think of - it's pretty good all round actually, being Swampert and Charizard resistant, and with dragon breath, Crunch and either outrage or hydro pump, it's got some pretty wide coverage generally. Electric wrecks it, but I've not run into much electric in the meta.
&gt; An algorithm is impossible (in the lead-losing sense) because every lead is either neutral for both players or positive for one and negative for the other. What I could _possibly_ see is some matching algorithm based on TDO or whatever mechanism they use for raid selection, with a view to grouping players based on how good their stuff is. So the people rolling with high TDO stuff like Giratina/Cresselia get matched up against people doing the same, a little more. And I could see the benefit in doing that too - you'd get two different streams of the meta - one where legendaries dominate, and one where they're rarely seen. That might be easy enough to prove too, just by alternating a 'bulkster' team with a 'nonbulkster' and see how often you see cresselia with either. (alternating match by match, so you don't drift into new micrometa)
"Eventually" is a long time coming. The bubble as it is today, has been doing that for 20 years or so.
Well, they already override 'MMR' and match on rank first, MMR second. Which is fundamentally misunderstanding the point of MMR in the first place. And they also set MMR thresholds for ranks and rewards. And they set a streak-based reward system, which is also fundemntally at odds with MMR in the first place. It's just I can see this as being _technically_ possible, if someone - for example - wanted to reuse the 'raid team pick' code or something to TDO-match. But Occams razor applies - it probably isn't happening.
But like what when I roll a 6 twice in a row! Must be algorithm, it's like a 1/36 chance otherwise!
It's an arms race. Every method you use to detect 'rooted device' can be subverted by the person who has a rooted device that they've complete control over.
Gryphons
Oh I agree. Part of why I love Warhammer so much is there's some factions that work very well on the defensive, but others that really don't. And plenty more that work somewhere in between.
Charizard is solid with overheat but I don't think you _need_ it if you've a swampert to use to kill steels. Swampy's good all rounder, so the danger there is really in 'using it up' on something it's got a decent matchup against, when there's a steel in the back.
Some, but not catastrophic. Overheat's a very powerful nuke move with a debuff. I normally prefer it, because Charizard's not all that robust - so debuffing yourself to deal EVEN MORE damage is a decent tradeoff. 130 damage for 55 energy is amazingly good (2.36DPE) FT only does 90 damage for 55 energy. Decent, but not stunning. (1.64DPE). Blast Burn's a straight upgrade over FT - 110 damage for 50 energy. It's arguable whether it's 'better' than overheat, as slightly cheaper, lower DPE but without the debuff. I find for PvP - where you don't get off more than a couple of charge moves normally _anyway_ the suicide moves are actually really good.
.... why would you moonblast something with a poison subtype anyway? Seems nuts to me.
Hmm, I suppose. Neither FS nor GK are going to deal neutral damage against Gengar's poison subtype. I'm just used to the notion that Cress is running FS in preference to GK.
Thing is. Rating goes up pretty fast if you are currently underated too. So this doesn't really do much.
Would "ruining regionals" really be so bad? If a remote trade required lucky, then it would still take a lot of time and effort to get just one regional that's either chaff - and so s wasted trade - or meta relevant, and shouldn't have been regional in the first place.
Night Slash is better than pure steel. It's passable with bullet punch and NS, Iron head's mostly for coverage.
Are you sure it was charm? Because snarl absolutely charges that fast. 3 snarls for a Crunch and 7 more for two close combats. More than double the energy gain of lick. You will get there before the second body slam. Honestly granbull isn't that good as a charmer, not with the competition, but as a snarler it's pretty impressive.
Yeah, but people still post about The Algorithm too.
Yes. The tax office has a lot of power, and you are legally obligated to pay. Tax Evasion was what brought down Al Capone in the end. If you don't PAYE (tax through payroll) you need to fill in a self assessment. Despite being paid in cash, your friend might still be paying tax, I was back 20 years ago working a supermarket job. Your employer can pay cash and still do the normal tax and NI. .... But most don't. It's cheaper for both parties to not pay NI and tax. But HMRC aren't kind when they catch up with you. For occasional income, there's a £1000 trading allowance, and just generally they might not notice. Tax evasion and fraud are pretty serious things to be caught doing though, so even if you weren't swayed by the moral argument, there's a pretty big risk there too.
They don't matter until they do. Basically, a good IV spread is a few percent better. In most matchups this makes next to no difference, because have 5hp more doesn't matter if a charge move is doing 100. But occasionally it means you will survive a hit that you wouldn't, and that flips the matchup. Attack costs 1.4x as much as defence or stamina for the CP formulation. So normally with a capped CP, you get a slightly higher stat product with low ATK high sta/Def. But occasionally a higher attack is beneficial, because it means you hit a breakpoint on fast move damage, or you win charge move priority. (Simultaneous charge moves). So mostly it's worth keeping an eye out, but not a disaster if you don't have a good PvP IV spread.
I doubt without fail. The fizzles won't get air time. But the successes are just jaw dropping.
Tip 1: You don't need to do advanced oil all the time. I mean it looks like worse productivity, but that's only true if you've actually got a use for the light/heavy oils, and otherwise you waste a lot of the gain in building the cracking. Tip2: Circuits make cracking super easy. Tip 3 - you don't actually need circuits to do cracking. You can actually do it passively if you want, because of fluid flow - if you have a pump to accelerate the flow to the 'primary' consumers of the fluid, then all the fluid that _can_ go that way, will, and any surplus can continue up the pipe line to the cracking plants. Tip 4: Don't try and do a single refinery for everything. Instead build a refinery to do a particular job, and skim 'byproduct'. So a rocket fuel processing plant will probably have enough spare heavy oil and petroleum gas to let you skim off lubricant and sulfur. But you should probably just do plastic production elsewhere, and maybe not even bother with the cracking/advance refining, just petroleum gas and coal.
Don't honestly think it's needed for Great. There's not a lot of legendary dominance there.
Must admit, I've been playing a double-charmer team, just because they're annoying, and can just imagine the frustration and anger on the other side. Just generally ice is a great type, balanced by it's weaknesses (4 vulns for 1 resist). And those weaknessses are covered mostly by water as a secondary type. Lapras also has the bulk and the coverage. I just haven't figured out a good Lapras team particularly yet.
No, but I am considering Galarian Stunfisk. Same typing as steelix, but with mud shot, rock slide, earthquake, makes it IMO a lot more dangerous than steelix.
Earthquake, because it works against registeel, Cresselia and giratina.
So does adding another refinery though. Oil's infinite.
My concern is that the distribution of saving is bifurcated. There'll be a load of people saving because lockdown. And a bunch of people who can't save because of job losses/loss of income/etc. This increases wealth inequality, and makes problems bigger.
Yeah, granbull is a monster. Especially if you double stack the close combats. (7 snarls for 200 fighting damage)
It's not legacy on Clefable. You can make do without iron head on scizor, ice punch on Poliwrath and just meteor mash on Clefable. You will lose some fights that your won't otherwise.
It's hard to know really, just because it is so dependant on the micrometa. Usual I swap around a bit to one of my other teams if I get stuck for a few days. Sometimes it backslides too, but I am ok with that.
Didn't want that zekrom anyway.
LO_BS is walled by ghosts, so IMO you want shadow ball as your second. Which also covers steel. Either that or drill run.
Possibly took quite a lot of damage though - all those slayers could have been 50% health.
&gt; Tl:dr is it impossible to beat Giratina teams without having legendaries myself? Not at all. Giratina's a crutch. It's a bulky bulkmonster, but has a bunch of weaknesses. I mean I'm rockin' around 2350 rating right now, with Charizard, Togekiss, Clefable, and it's working actually very nicely. And I'm routinely running into 'non legendary' teams. The thing about Giratina (and cresselia and registeel) is they give you some 'free' wins early on, but then you hit a wall - because you've not developed any skill of your own in reading the meta, and playing effectively, so you just sorta plateau and get stuck. You can win quite reliably against Giratina with: - Scizor (Scyther's featured in the event right now even!) - Anything dark - Anything ice - Anything fairy - Quite a lot of steel-stuff. - A normal type with ghost attacks (zangoose, lickilicky, snorlax). etc. But you do need to be ready for the 'core meta' threats of Giratina, Cresselia and registeel. Giratina can handle all three acceptably (it doesn't win _hard_ but it doesn't lose hard either). That's part of why it's so popular. But you can absolutely win without it.
Don't know why you're getting downvotes. Downvoting shouldn't be for disagreement, it should be for getting rid of bad contributions. And when the question is 'what's your favourite league' it's just not really justified to downvote someone who gives a good answer.
I like Great, because experimenting is cheap. I don't think meta variety makes all that big a difference though - as more people invest in having a pool of Ultra contenders, the variety seems to increase quite steadily. (e.g. in the pre-season, giratina was the only game in town. But today you'll see a spread of teams and some real variety out there). I mostly like all of them though - I just prefer Great _simply_ because I can play around with different stuff, and not blow vast amounts of dust and candies to do so.
If you record some matches, we might be able to tell you. Otherwise it could simply be a team composition that's unable to deal with the current 'meta'.
Putting all your money on a single number on a roulette wheel also could be the opportunity of a lifetime. But it probably won't be. Expected return is the thing here. The expected return on the market is around 3-5% over inflation over a long enough timeline. The shorter term return is highly volatile, as we've seen over the last 6 months. And that's the core of the assertion that you should invest long term - if you've held for 10 years, with 5% average growth, a 20% downward swing leaves you still in profit. If you've held for 2 years, it leaves you at a loss. And in 2008, the markets took a plunge that took multiple years to recover. That can - and will - happen again. It's almost inevitable. But if you're investing for 5+ years, it doesn't matter.
I'm not honestly sure. I've got one now, but only as of today because it caused me a lot of grief and I decided I wanted to try one. I know it makes a mess of fires and fairys, as well as being just generally carrying around steel resists - so does decently against dragon type (DB'tina, and DB'gyarados) and resists everything that a Cresselia can do (well, except grass knot, but even that's just neutral, and relatively uncommon). Even hits neutral vs. Registeel, so that's pretty handy too. (Doesn't like getting focus blasted though, but what does?). *shrug*. I think it's got some play against a lot of the core meta, although I'm going to reserve judgement until I've built a workable team around it. I mean with steel/water, you're taking a risk with bringing a lot of the other contenders like Swampert/Registeel out to play, but that still leaves you Giratina, Cresselia and Togekiss to pick from, along with a bunch of the other meta picks. I mean you could probably even go Scizor or Escavalier, thanks to having entirely different resistances.
Hawk Conservancy trust is my preferred charity: https://www.hawk-conservancy.org/ They're a bird of prey sanctuary, who treat and care for birds of prey. They do rescues, but genuinely care for and fly their birds to ensure they're well exercised. In particular, they do a lot of work with Vultures, and if you're thinking now bad things about vultures, I'd recommend you go and see, because they can totally change your mind about these amazing birds. Anyway, amongst other things, they do some good work - and were significantly part of the re-introduction of red-kites. They rescue and treat injured birds, and release the ones they can. They do have a few disabled birds who for various cannot return to the wild. They do flying displays throughout the day (although better weather does mean they can do more - Bald Eagles just don't want to fly in the rain, but the fish-eagles are quite happy). It's both a lovely day out, but also they do invaluable work in conservation of some endangered species. So you can also see where your donation goes, and how it gets used. They do 'experience days' which include flying hawks and owls, and occasionally they'll do a vulture day too. (Vultures are great, did I mention? But they're a bit more feisty!) For bonus points, you can set them as your 'destination' on Amazon Smile, so if you've not set yours yet, please consider this one.
I don't know if you've tried it, but I found ice fang worked particularly well. It does decently against a lot of the meta, being not resisted by many things overall. Most especially it worked really well when 'everyone' was bringing giratina/swampert/venusaur.
The reason the standard advice is 'invest long term only' is because markets are volatile - if you can expect to gain 3-5% per year +inflation _on average_ this counterbalances any short term volatility, like we saw at the start of this year. The problem is only really if you _have_ to cash out during a downturn - you end up losing overall. With 5 years of +5%/year average, a 20% haircut isn't really a loss. But if you're flexible about timeline, that doesn't matter nearly so much. If you invested today, there was a sudden spike in the market, and you decided 'hey, I could cash that out and buy a house early' - then nothing stops you from doing so. It's just you need to be aware that the other side of that coin is a crash happening tomorrow, and it being 3 years until we see a recovery. (Which is what happened in '08). If your plans are flexible, then the '5 years minimum' guideline can be too. I mean, if you can choose to defer your plan - up to about the 5 year 'guideline' for safety - without having your hand forced, that's good enough. The risk you're taking there isn't of loss, it's of having to wait a bit longer, and the tradeoff is ... well, potentially getting there a bit sooner instead. That's all. In either case though, you keep the emergency fund liquid, so you're not forced out of the market during a downturn.
Oh it's easy. It's because they don't know how to measure productivity. They don't understand what you do, nor how long 'things' take. So they rely instead on the assumption that looking like you're working is basically the same as 'being productive'.
If someone came up with a reliable and successful but deeply immoral technique to 'design' elite children, I guarantee you there'd be some very wealthy people lining up.
Don't know if it's still the case, but I a real headache with unnecessary VSANs a few years back. As in - someone decided 'best practice' was VSANS + zoning + masking and created a bajillion different VSANS. Resist the urge to use the feature just because it's there - it has a place, but most environments simply don't need it.
It's better in no shields, worse with shields up. Mostly it's about neutral so just a flex opportunity.
Don't lump us who live in Tory Heartlands in the same pot as the rest of the people in this district, who'd vote for a donkey if they painted it blue. (and pretty much that's what happened).
What's the cost of living like? Oxfordshire is BRUTAL, and I think I can't afford to stay here.
I have decided to go with it too. Works so much better for chewing on Empoleon and Cresselia, not to mention still doing good work as steel bait as well as being able to take shields off them. Gets walled by other fairies ironically, so I did consider PR I think crunch works better overall.
