That tickles my fancy as a perfect hybrid spell. Blah Blah Blah 2(U/B) Instant Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 3 if U was spent to cast ~. Up to one target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn if B was spent to cast ~. You may cast a spell from an opponent's graveyard with converted mana cost 2 or less without paying its mana cost if you control a pirate.
Not even that, it's that they don't have enough minutiae. I don't know about anyone else, but I have no interested in seeing the Stormlight archive turn into Wheel of Time (how many times do we hear about what color dress Moraine wears, wehter its brocaded, what color the accents are, etc) or Song of Ice and Fire (where it's important that we know exactly how juicy the meat is when it drips).
You can do that with a Toshiba FlashAir card. I just drag and drop files into a web browser window, walk over to the printer, and start the print.
If your group doesn't agree to a wishboard, it's identical to DT. And if they do, it's strictly better. If you have any interest in wishes and run DT, there's no reason not to change it out.
So "remake" in the sense that ALBW was a "remake" of the LTTP world.
In Cura, sometimes you need to hit the "lay flat" button for the model, even if it seems like it should already be flat.
Awakening does feel dated in its menu/item system. LTTP suffers from this as well, though at least the sword/shield don't use an item button. 2-3 readily accessible items (not counting sword and shield, mind you) would be a huge QOL improvement in both games. LTTP doesn't need a visual update, but LA would really benefit from visuals at least on par with LTTP or Minish Cap. And at that point, I'd expect them to just build the remake on the ALBW engine.
Have you checked to see if you have any belts on the printer?
Yeah, do a cold pull or two and there's a good chance that helps. Even if you don't have major blockage, a little piece of charred filament can cause issues like this. The beginning of the lines likely has a little extra backpressure to help them push out a little smoother, then becoming rough. Cleaning your hobbed gear might also clear up some inconsistencies.
In addition to BAC and ZXP, there is a homebrew version that pops up on [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/HDMI-adapter-GCPlug-with-HDMI-cable-for-Gamecube-DOL-001-GC-Video/263318526076?hash=item3d4f01d87c:m:m4GZG6hsa8ByTFI9mRbWvjw). Out of curiosity, I picked one up a couple of weeks ago, and I find it to be fantastic. It's just a guy making them in his basement, I suspect, but the end results are quite good. The 3D printed plug is excellent, which was my biggest concern. Only downside in my book is that it uses a mini-HDMI connector, but it comes with the cable anyway and that also allows the GCPlug and cable to be a bit smaller so I really don't mind. If you want GCVideo now, and don't mind paying a couple bucks more than the BAC/ZXP versions (Though when you account for shipping, it gets pretty close), this is a pretty good option.
There's a difference between production quality and content quality. You can make higher quality content with a lower production budget, by taking the excessive CG out of every shot.
The radial fan isn't running in the video though.
Yeah, it is. I'm not the most electronically inclined, so the eBay one I linked to basically amounted to me paying someone else to source/assemble/program the unit. The eBay listing even has links to the necessary posts to DIY one.
It wouldn't actually be in the weakest direction, it would be offset by ~45 degrees.
I might, if I had any clue what a grand sister was.
https://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/588436-the-legend-of-zelda-a-link-to-the-past/63517032?page=20
Yes, in a sense. They screwed up my order, and auto-cancelled it after like three weeks. So I guilted them into giving me $100 regular credit after I placed a second order a month late.
That's because it's a different kind of button. Have you tried unbuttoning it?
Are blind people known for roaming? "Did you ever hear about the priest that walked everywhere?" might be a better opener.
Yuuuuuuuup. You're not the only one. I posted a thread a week or so ago and several people have had it. I think I've had a total of 4-5 reboots since my update. As is, it's less of an inconvenience than a factory reset though, so I haven't bothered.
Skies of Arcadia and Fire Emblem. I had no clue Ikaruga was up so high!
It's also a stupid way to holster, because it presents the grip in a way that makes it easy for someone else to draw your weapon to use against you.
I strongly recommend Elantris before Secret History. Spoilery reasons.
But if he was really "into guns" he'd know how improper it is. So maybe he's just new to the whole gun thing and thinks he's cool doing things backwards?
It's a valid question though--why would you enable ironing for the top flat surface of only one layer, when you could use it on all layers? For the mug you mentioned, the solution you mention here probably does literally nothing different than just turning ironing on.
My MK2s gets its enclosure up to 45c just with the ambient heat from the bed. Works well enough for me without additional hardware.
With a $3K budget, I'd get a MK3 and a $2250 SLA machine and have the best of both worlds. Until something like the BCN Sigmax comes in under $3K, there's not a lot of compelling reasons as a hobbyist to get anything but a MK3.
Yeah, for example don't do this with a Prusa MK2. Threaded rods will happily twist out of plane if given the chance. You can get the same effect from a $5 concrete paver from your local hardware store, which also helps prevent the vibrations from transmitting through and resonating in your furniture.
I mean, if OP is going with rails for Z, they might as well spring for rails on X as well. Actually I'd go the other way--just use v-slot wheels for the Z-axis constraint, and put a nice set of rails on XY.
I suppose you could do a rack and pinion drive, but that would also have potentially high noise and backlash issues, plus you'd have to find a supplier of precision parts. The best you could hope for are [linear stage servos](http://www.everythingbends.com/2017/06/first-videos.html), but good luck getting them with your disposable income. By the way, I highly recommend reading that whole blog. It's some serious printer porn.
Unfortunately, I haven't tried ant of those and can't offer much advice. All I can say is give the eSun PLA+ on Amazon a try. It's only a $20 gamble, and in my experience prints perfectly with completely vanilla everything.
Only time I ever noticed it is trying to unlock it while reaching out of the shower. But that's literally dripping wet. Never had an issue with any other scenarios.
Capturing a shiny Trevenent on turn 1 with a timer ball. That was also my first Trevenent encounter in the game.
You'd still want to have one option for neutral nature.
A light scrubbing with Scotch Brite.
That edit at the end really makes you sound like a shill.
As of right now, I don't see any appreciable difference between this and the open source version. I guess this one has a standard HDMI port instead of mini, but that also makes it bigger so that's a moot point. Nitpicking over 3DP versus IJM isn't any sort of meaningful difference. I'd say the biggest difference between the open source version versus the GCVideo X is that this one has a prolonged history of stealing peoples' money, with the promise that it'll eventually be better than what's out there. It's nice that you got one and you're happy with it, but so far you're the only one telling this story. So the reason you sound like a shill is that there's a product here with a very, very questionably history that you alone are portraying as the be-all-end-all best-of-the-best and not putting any effort into justifying it. You're just saying "It's great 5 star, don't worry that others have been robbed to make this".
If you don't like it, you don't like it. No reason to change your mind. Here's the problem: The game isn't *objectively* good anymore. It was good when it came out 20 years ago. It was also an important, revolutionary game. So when you hear people talking the game up, that's what they're talking about. And playing it now, you need to look at it through that lens.
Not bad. You could almost think of Fi as an $80 "unlimited" plan, with $10/GB a month refunded if you use less than 8GB.
Yeah, I was just going for a quick explanation. Basically, a slightly above average unlimited plan, that becomes cheaper than the competition if you're not using a ton of data.
TIL that less than $2/mo counts as "robbing you blind".
More like you're paying for matchmaking services, lobbies, and friend management.
Just stop using ridiculous hyperbole when describing a small fee.
sexims don exits
Who said anything about impossible? I wasn't arguing for or against, just making a bit of a correction.
I'm predicting console-themed joycons when VC finally comes out. NES-colored joycons with a proper d-pad, and the d-pad and joystick flipped. Gamecube Joycons with the bean buttons and analog triggers. Maybe even N64 joycons with two extra face buttons and no second stick. Though that might be a stretch.
Kids learning to make things out of cardboard is the first step to becoming a maker. STEM is the new hot fad, and I love it.
Different colors/shapes/locations of indicators for different keys.
Heresay, or heresy?
It "prints" on 3d objects. Yeah, it's a stupid-ass description.
Just make sure you have hardened rods (if a magnet sticks they're not hardened), and you'll be fine. There's no reason to buy replacement rods when Prusa will ship you the correct ones for free, and the bearings are fine when used on the correct rods.
Why would you pirate them, when Nintendo will just provide the templates for free and you can cut up Amazon/pizza boxes? &gt;Note that the kits will not be mandatory - although the cartridge is needed - since Nintendo plans to offer the cardboard design pattern for free for aspiring builders
Your analogy doesn't really work, because a book or article is a continuous single piece of writing. It's not several, mostly unrelated things. It's more like buying a short story compilation book, and skipping one of the short stories because the author of that particular short story has never written a story you liked.
Sure. But if you watch dozens of them between TG and GT, and don't enjoy it, "you might like it with different people" isn't a compelling reason to spend my time on it, you know?
On all three, you can skip 95% of the maze. You land above the shrine, look for the nearest door and you're there in like two turns. The Hebra one is the least cheesable and even it took maybe two minutes to get in that way.
I bought one a while back. Works perfectly and the plug is more than adequate. Unless you plan on kicking it, it's going to last.
I'll give them credit for a slick looking product and packaging, but that's a pretty steep pricetag. Having Amazon protection in case it's a POS is nice though.
Plug and play can definitely pull audio from the digital port. Any version that doesn't means they cut corners and should be charging less.
For CRT? Yeah, sure. For a modern display? No way I'd pay double for something strictly inferior.
If you have a $17 AV to HDMI converter that does the same quality, you should be buying, repacking, and selling for $100. Because people would pay that for this mystical converter you have.
Not all modern displays have component, and they all have HDMI. It's as easy as that. Component also forces you to rely on your TV's deinterlacing algorithm, whereas with GCVideo you get to choose between the built in line doubler or your TV's deinterlace, whichever is better. Also scanlines, if you're into that. And, minor though it may be, the option to adjust volume at the GC level. Of course you can get all of these functions with component if you add in something like OSSC or Framemeister, but that's even more cost on top of the already more expensive option. There's no upside to using component compared to GCVideo, unless you're on a CRT. And since component cables are so expensive (even compared to this overpriced version of GCVideo), it's a no brainer for anyone playing on a modern display to go with a GCVideo solution.
Nothing wrong with preference and feel. Ultimately that's all we're looking for, right? Something that makes things look and feel the way we want. As for your availability, I got my open source GCPlug in less than a week. And it looks like this version will be two day shipping starting the day after tomorrow. Price wise, it's cheaper than other HDMI solutions like UltraHDMI and Hi Def NES, though I'll agree that $150 is pushing it. I think $100 will be the sweet spot, with cheaper options settling in the $75 area. Not sure what you mean by "the work required", though. You just take it out of the box and plug it in.
They already exist, you just have to find them.
I actually seem to notice the opposite--mine happens the most often while I'm in the car (4/6 times it's rebooted so far), not connected to WiFi at all.
The TNG scale is n't a perfect scale--it's cW^3, from warp 1-9, but a completely different scale after warp 9, since it approaches infinity at warp 10.
No. All that does is show that you know you're being too lazy to do the work and are admitting to it. If your assignment is to do research or write a paper or whatever, you have to actually *do* it. That's why they say "write a paper", and not "turn in a paper you wrote".
Ohhh. Well, I guess that would have made sense if it was funny.
My understanding is that the Prusa Slic3r profile has a specific line of code somewhere at the end of the file, and the printer is looking for that. If it doesn't see that line, it gives the warning. Gcode sliced in a different slicer won't have that exact line, so the printer will warn that it may be incomplete, even if it is in fact fine. If this is the same print file you've been printing with successfully, then your slicer profile is probably generating the right end code. It's possible that the file is actually incomplete and you need to slice and save again. Try comparing the last lines of this gcode file to another file that printed successfully and see if they match.
Unfortunately, I have no idea *exactly* what it's looking for to determine tat the file is complete, and there's no obvious comment line or anything that says "; file complete". My best guess is that it knows the printing ends with M107 and M84 or something like that. Full disclosure--this is all speculation on my behalf, because I got the "file incomplete" error while I was playing around with my Mk2s trying to get it to play MIDI files I converted to gcode. That was raw gcode, with no normal print commands in it, just LCD beeps. So if slicer is injecting a specific line, or if the printer is just looking for M107/M84, that would explain the error. Still working on getting the scanner to play a chime when it starts and stops printing...
No I don't think that will give an error message at the printer end, but some slicers won't let you save gcode larger than the printer profile.
Knightfall
Nobody's mentioned Earthbound yet?
That would be medium picture quality. For best quality, you'd need GCvideo, either an internal mod or a plug and play version. Your proposal is basically the GC taking digital video, converting it to analog for s-video, then another box converting it back to digital so that it can display on the monitor. Each of those steps is a loss of quality and introduces lag, and top top it off you can't do 480p over s-video.
I'm sure they'd be willing to sell you spare spools if you asked.
Yes, that!
Sure. Yeah. That's exactly what I was saying. Good comprehension there.
Until there's further clarification, it's only safe to assume that you'll get SMB3, Baloon Fight, and Dr Mario.
YEAH WHAT WERE THEY THINKING MAKING A VINTAGE-LOOKING MODERN VIDEO ABOUT VINTAGE-LOOKING MODERN CARS.
You must have a pretty exciting life to spend your weekend online, complaining about a video filter to people that don't know you and don't care.
All current signs say that they're going to be near identical. ZXP even copied the case from the open source version for his third revision. Both run the same software and menus unless ZXP changes something, which he hasn't indicated doing. The only meaningful difference will maybe be the plug material. I have one of the eBay ones, and can vouch for it. While it has a 3D printed plug, it's a very sturdy design and will hold up fine unless you kick it or something. If that's a concern for you, wait for reviews of the ZXP v3 and see if his plug is also printed. Badassconsoles and GCHD are both injection molded, and BAC says he also has some software tweaks. But if a printed plug is okay with you (it is for me) and you want one that's available now, the eBay one will do you nicely.
That sounds about right--All MK3-related stuff is on backgrounder. Printers and kits are 2+ months out, and it looks like they're considering upgrade kits to be 1+ months out.
Terran empire never recovered the body, so via the laws of TV she's probably still alive.
Which, really, is probably true of all villains. We just have substantive evidence for this one.
And in case anyone is curious, as of a week ago, Mobius Strip Technologies still had several in stock for installation at a decent price. I've been camping on the big distributors for a while now, waiting for pre-orders on the next batch, when I stumbled across MST's Twitter. Don't know how many are still left at this point, but it's worth reaching out if you've been jonesing for one for a while.
I actually started with one of those--I got the open source one from eBay, and seeing how great that was really pushed me over the edge on UltraDHMI.
Previous comment refers to GameCube HDMI.
It does. The only ones that don't are the ones that physically cover the analog port. There's nothing electronic in the plug that prevents it.
Oh dang, price has gone down on that one. Good to know! It was worth it at $125, and even more so at $108.
It's compatible with most TV IR remotes, so it is likely to work with something you already have on hand. All these plug and play units use the same protocol for that, so it's the same upside/downside to all of them. I had an old LG remote from a dead TV, and it worked just fine.
A) the opponent doesn't have to accept the shortcut, and B) if you propose a loop like that and your opponent accepts, you immediately warp to the end of the loop and it takes zero time and you don't actually get any closer to time in round. You've just iterated a thousand loops in a second.
Sigilyph is BA, because it's hilarious when someone lets you set up and doesn't happen to have Houndoom or Incineroar. With maxed out Cosmic Power, nothing does significant damage without a crit, and it OHKOs most non-darks with Stored Power, and can just chip away darks with a guaranteed burn status.
As someone who has done the PEI replacement, I can say it's not particularly fun, but it's also not that bad. You can use off-the-shelf Goo Gone instead of Limonene. For me, the timeline went like this: 1. Freeze for a half hour, remove the PEI. 2. Soak in Goo Gone for a half hour. Scrape away as much adhesive as will come off cleanly with a plastic scraper. 3. Repeat step 2. The rest of the adhesive came off, but you may need to repeat additional times if you still have adhesive. 4. Clean with IPA, and install new sheet. All told it took about two hours, but only maybe a half hour of that was active work time. The rest was just letting it sit. I was worried about doing it for a long time, but once I actually pulled the trigger and committed to doing it, I found it really wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. That said, I'd definitely probably do the 2.5 upgrade if I was planning on sticking with that printer for a while.
Yeah, s-video as a minimum.
Some people buy them as collectibles. Others buy them for in-game functionality. Neither is wrong. Just because you only see them as figurines with a bonus doesn't mean the rest of the world is wrong for seeing them differently.
It's still additional content at additional price, locked in a physical object that scalpers can jack up the prices on. Call it microtransactions, physical DLC, whatever. It doesn't matter what word you use, the point of the discussion is that in-game content is locked behind physical collectible objects.
One of their DLCs (MK8) had great value. Other games (Fire Emblem series, Smash Bros 4) are huge money sinks whose DLC can add more than the cost of the game in nickel and dime small items. The most recent example (Breath of the Wild) is average at best.
The bridge officers. You know, all the nameless weirdos who had one or two lines of dialogue and mostly just looked neat standing there. They were all finally introduced and named properly in the most recent episode.
Fair enough. It's the first time it really stuck out to me though, since they were all back-to-back and felt like they were being actually introduced for real, instead of just being background characters.
Takenoko and Tokaido both fall pretty well into this category. In Takenoko, all actions are somehow related to the bamboo garden, be it a panda eating, a gardener regrowing, or the emperor saying what their favorite garden patterns are. In Tokaido, you're on a vacation, journeying up the Japanese coast road, and every single aspect of the game is tied to that concept--you're painting landmarks, buying souveniers, helping on a farm for extra cash, meeting strangers, praying at shrines, and even trying to be the first person to the inn to ensure that you get first dibs on dinner and don't have to eat the same meal twice.
So...there was no "yes" at the end? Downvote.
If the figurine is 100% meaningless and useless to you, then it doesn't matter. That's the while point--you are required to buy a physical object you may not even want, because that's how Nintendo packages their microtransaction. If they offered alternative purchase methods, like say a digital amiibo of something, then those would be called microtransactions and physical amiibo would be statues with bonuses. Until then, they're both microtransactions and collectibles, and anyone is 100% justified in classifying them either way depending on what purpose they're buying them for. Consider the cereal analogy others have been using--that's like buying a box of cereal because you only want the prize and complaining that you got cereal. Well, I don't eat cereal. And the cereal box is literally the only way to get the prize. And I don't want the cereal, so it's of literally zero value to me and I'd just as soon dump it in the trash as have to keep it. So yeah, I'm going to complain that I have to buy a box of cereal that I absolutely don't want to buy just because some marketing executive knew they could con us out of our money by packing it like that. If amiibo were strictly cosmetic items or early unlocks or arrows in Zelda or something like that, it'd be fine. But when you lock things like the BotW wolf companion behind them or Return of Samus's hard mode, then it becomes de-facto DLC with a forced statue purchase.
I understand your point, but I disagree with the premise. It's a way to get certain in-game content unlocked, therefore it's a microtransaction (or DLC or content unlock, or whatever you want to call it). Whether it's a collectible first or a content unlock first is a matter of what you happen to value. For me, I have no interest in owning a Wolf Link or Samus statue to sit on a shelf. None whatsoever. But I do have interest in unlocking that in-game content. So to me, these are just DLC. To you, they're statues with a bonus. Neither of us is wrong.
Also, the "a physical collectible can't be a microtransaction" is a slippery slope. If we accept that, than EA could just sell physical "collectible loot crate statues" in stores, which can be redeemed in-game for a loot crate. Is that a microtransaction, or not? You're still paying money to get the same effect as an in-game MTX, so what's the difference? Does that mean EA could just shift to "statues" instead of in-game loot crate purchases and immediately get off scot-free of the whole loot crate controversies? After all, it's no longer microtransactions if they call it a collectible. Yes, yes, I know. It's an exaggeration and a stupid example. But it's a demonstration of how a physical object can still be functionally the same as a digital microtransaction. Can you explain why you believe that a physical object can't also be a microtransaction? I'd really like to try to understand where you're coming from.
I feel like it's obvious, but that's a different kind of upset.
Bowden and flexible filaments are natural enemies. You can go bowden and maybe print *slightly* faster with regular filament, or stick with direct and be able to print flexibles.
I'm pretty sure I soloed Cynthia's team with just a Vespiquen my first time through the game. I was able to use Defend Order six times to max out defenses, and kill everything except for Lucario by just Toxicing them out. Garchomp couldn't even put a dent in her. The biggest issue with her team, in my opinion, was Lucario's immunity to Toxic. I had to use all my Attack Orders, then sit and wait and keep spamming useless Toxic/Defend Orders until he struggled to death.
Alternatively, Ford is in there, and all the times Bernard looks "off" is when Ford is talking to him.
You should have done it in the other order-Spellskite until he ran out of lands, then pitch one of your own to the spell to redirect it to him. That would have been delicious.
Except for when it does.
Don't forget Minish! The original glider.
Yes. Harmony has explicitly had communication with Hoid regarding fighting Odium.
A not particularly mighty woman may be slain by several bullets?
The video game series, *The Legend of Zelda*.
That sounds like an anti-trust suit they'd lose in a hurry.
Yeah, just shell out $100 for a 25-year old hunk of grey plastic that could die at any time, plus $60+ for the console to play it on, and some other huge pile of cash for a way to play it on a modern display without it looking like utter garbage. Yeah, I can't imagine why people would prefer a $15 port that's faithful to the original to just going out and playing the original in the first place.
Encase it in a block of resin or concrete something. Nobody would ever see it unless for some reason they decided to spend hours carving away a solid block for no reason whatsoever. Even better, put it in the foundation of your house or something. Or an urn, who the fuck looks in grandmas ashes?
This is a [[Wingmate Roc]] effect, not a [[Patron of the Kitsune]] effect. Not very good in Karlov.
[[Wingmate Roc]], [[Patron of the Kitsune]], and [[Righteous Cause]] all do this already, and better. But it's always nice to have redundancies.
Well except for the tiny amount of defense it gives. It's a trade off-lots of utility with no defense, or specific utility with lots of defense
I did exactly that. The model doesn't require sports by the way.
I always run as soon as they break out of the first ball. A quick tap of B, A right after the escape animation will always be faster than then escaping.
Do yourself a favor and watch a speedrun of it sometime. There are some pretty cool boss fights.
Golden berries in the Chansey cave are both abundant and high dollar sells.
What are you talking about?
Jeremy Parish is doing this for the NES, SNES, and Game Boy. His are longer than Glenn's and are a combination of reviews and commentary about how the games fit in historically.
That and Electivire are the best Sinnoh Stone targets. Rhyperior is almost as good as Tyranitar as a rock attacker, and is the best non-legend Ground attacker until Garchomp is available. Definitely a good investment.
It also listens for engine noises, so i'm guessing your bodily noises are somewhat similar to the idle sound in your car.
Skorpeon for poison, anyone? Wraitheon for ghost. There was a bumblebee Hunneon posted a few days ago for bug. Drakeon is easy for dragon. Quarreon for rock maybe? Turfeon for ground? Meleeon for fighting. Oreon for steel. Breezeon for flying.
They won't us cloth/scale/coat. To the best of my knowledge, they've never allowed a Pokemon to evolve with an item that it couldn't evolve with before. Same goes for babies/breeding. Presumably this is some sort of continuity thing--if Leafeon could have used the leaf stone, for example, there needs to be some explanation of why it couldn't evolve in old games. Since moss rock didn't exist, that's why you in-universe couldn't get one in gens 1-3.
Sure--you could add additional things that weren't available in previous games. I was only commenting on why you can't use a vanilla leaf/moon/sun stone.
Different timeframes mean that those rocks weren't there yet in the older games. It's not a great explanation, but this dodesn't break continuity.
And there are the more interactive types of these--Detroid Become Human, Until Dawn, etc.
Looks pretty good actually. To get it better, you have a couple of options. If you print in ABS, you can do acetone smoothing. For other materials, you can use something like XTC-3D to fill in the layer lines. Or you can always do a lot of sanding and priming.
Yes, though how compatible it is with hardware other than the MMU would need to be tested.
You're a human who fights dirty (Bite, Foul Play, Beat Up, Sucker Punch, etc.), so are you a dark type Pokemon? That logic doesn't really hold up. I don't see how fighting is any less of a characteristic than, say, psychic. They're just trained to attack with their body to the fullest extent, rather than using their mind.
Sure. And 1M stardust and 1K candies for a second move wouldn't technically be gated for them either, but for all intents and purposes it is.
Well if you ignore the fact that we knew it was going to be released this morning, then yeah. Out of nowhere.
Or, you know, he just had one of his spare expando-discs to get out of QR like he did in the first movie.
It's all good. Surprise trailers are probably better anyway!
Who said minimal effort and minimal cost? All I'm advocating for is reasonable effort and attainable cost.
Speed doesn't matter past a certain point. A 100Gb connection is going to be exactly the same as 10Mb for gaming. Having other people sucking up your bandwidth can definitely hurt you, especially on a 3Mb connection.
How do you tell a rich businessman and his family from a family who has to use food stamps to afford to eat? It's pretty much like that. Except in Luthadel society, there's no avenue for the lowly to make their way up through the ranks. At least without pretending to be noble to begin with. &amp;#x200B; IIRC, in some of the early drafts, Skaa were actually somewhat non-human with insectile features. That was obviously scrapped.
I've seen both a wild Breeloom and Alola Exeggutor out in the wild within the last two weeks. Couldn't fix the Exeggutor and Breloom fled, but it was kind of exciting. Aside from that, the only other fully evolved things I've seen are Nidoqueen, Parasect, and Xatu.
Still doesn't matter when it comes to the premise of the argument. Saying "It's okay for the government to freeze if the president is sued for some old civil issue, but not for anything current or criminal" is preposterous. Old, non-criminal things are the the thing that should least be allowed to freeze the government. Current, criminal charges are a much more serious deal.
If you're catching a bunch of these fellas on a CD, you'll get a good handful that are high level and decent IVs. You don't need to max them out and keep them maxed out, just getting them at a respectable level to begin with is a boon.
Well obviously if you already have a bajillion things that fit that role, then you don't need another. This is just a great option for anyone who doesn't already have that, or are lower level and want mid-high tier stuff to help them with raids until they are able to max the really good stuff.
Alternatively, anyone that already has a memory card loaded can just duplicate their cards with the GameCube memory card manager. I've made several copies of a Wind Waker-booting GBI memory card for friends that way.
The only vaguely Zelda-related thing I'd consider playing on that is Soul Calibur. &amp;#x200B; You're better off ignoring the sweet paint job and loading it up with good arcade games, rather than trying to shoehorn in console games just to fit a theme.
Gollum's shadows and interaction with dirt/leaves on the ground could really use an update.
Then it should be put into the timeline when luckies were added, not when they were fixed.
Sure, it benefits dupers. It also benefits people with friends, or people with spouses that play. Dupers are already going to be ahead anyway, so hurting them at the expense of hurting others doesn't really make sense.
I'm 4/10 overall. Four rolls at it per day through PVP is a big deal--I only ever had a single stone before this rollout, and I'm already at +3 from duels.
You can do the same friend. And you can get a Sinnoh stone even if you lose--I battled my wife tree times today. First round, neither of us got stones. Second round, I won and got a stone. Third round, she won and we both got stones.
Maybe if you unlock it on community day, but not now.
Machamp was at 1.96x and is now at 2.56x. Bulk is also up if Tyranitar has dark attacks. But with only a \~25% damage boost and a potential of a little extra staying power, I still don't think it'll happen solo.
Until there's some sort of tournament ladder, there's literally no tangible benefit to winning PVP matches. You get dust and stones whether you win or lose. So dumping dust and candy into second moves for low tier mons is absolutely pointless right now. Unlimited tier are at least the guys you want to be using in raids, so there's some merit to those. But even then, adding a second move will rarely actually make them more useful in raids. So aside form Mewtwo and maybe like Moltres, why bother?
If second moves were that cheap, they'd make charge TMs much more useful. Right now, if you have a Fire Blast Tyranitar and want to teach him crunch, using a TM is a 50/50 chance of getting it. And if you don't get it, it's a 50/50 shot to do it again. It's plausible to have to spend 3-4 charge TMs to get the right move. With a second move slot, you just unlock that first with a 50/50 shot of getting what you want. If you don't get it then, the TM is a 100% chance. So they have to be priced with that in mind. Maybe 25-50K dust at the high end, and 25-50 candy?
Sure. And I evolved 3, and have enough candy to get them to maybe level 33 or so. If I dump all my candies into one move on one of them, they'll all be stuck at low levels.
UHDMI has been available for quite a long time and on a large scale. At least in the US, there's a batch every 2-3 months through Game-Tech US. I got mine from a random modder that had extra stock.
For Smash only, it's a matter of preference. OG is a little more premium, but is missing a lot of features and needs an adapter. If you want to be able to use it in other games, Power A is the only option.
Once against any team leader, three times against one or more real people.
Interestingly, very few of those work for me--ground, ghost, grass, and ice match what I already use, but the majority of these just don't populate in the game.
Yeah, I did that. Not even all of those work and I had to swap out 4 or so of those. Not a big deal, I just don't like all the options I have to use.
They could go in as like 5% drops and it'd be great.
I got a stone on a very close loss, so that's not what's happening. There are people doing tallies, and the current most likely case is a 12.5% chance of getting a stone, regardless of anything--league/npc/win/whatever have no influence.
Pokeball Plus also auto-spins.
It'd just be too much. You'd be able to solo 5\* raids, gym battles would end in no time flat.
And even if we don't get him this event, I'll happily keep a handful of level 30+ Swinubs and a few hundred candy on hand for when he does come out. I've literally seen one ever in my biome, so this event is a blessing on that front.
You sure Wednesday night wasn't after midnight?
Composite on Wii is always 480i. Component goes to 480p.
Right now, no. There's no point other than bragging rights. Maybe when there's a benefit to winning there will be a reason to care.
Works great. I always leave my reward claims up until I can snag a bunch and do a load of evolution at the same time.
Pokeball plus is also a choice, and "free" if you already own it for the Switch. It basically has three modes: * Manual catch and manual spin. Just like to Go Plus. * Manual catch and auto-spin, as long as there is a Pokemon in it. (Mew is in it by default, or you can put any Pokemon in from Let's Go.) * Auto catch and auto spin. Use a rubber band to hold the button down and it works just like a Gotcha.
Shadow ball still hits opposing Gengar harder.
I can't be bothered to do the maths, but I wouldn't be surprised if Shadow Ball still hits them harder.
I can hear Saffronolive brewing already.
Pretty sure that's 100%
I disagree with your premise, but don't really feel like arguing it. I see no reason a company can't have two consoles in the same generation, if it's still competing with current-gen consoles from other manufacturers.
Sure you can--assuming you're not talking about familial generations, and are talking about social generations (Boomers, Gen-X, Millenials, etc.). This statement also runs counter to your previous statement that a PS4 could, for example, count as multiple generations of consoles. A person can't be in more than one familial generation, can they?
Definitely doubles. I got well over 250 Meltan candy today.
/r/unexpectedunexpected
After all the free Pixels they just gave out because of their bumbling sale schedule, I doubt they're in a hurry to pour more money onto us.
pay2completedex, maybe. But hardly pay2win. There are only like four actually useful things in eggs, none of which are in 7k eggs, and all of which are either raid bosses or just had a huge community day. Eggs are mostly useful as XP sources with random shinies or occasional extra candy for your Tyranitars or whatever. If you've not gotten anything good despite buying loads of incubators for months, you should have figured that out by now.
I'm stuck on not catching a Cubone, and there's a huge Lileep nest nearby that'll probably be gone by the time I'm ready to get them...
Well you can always hatch as much as you can hatch during the event too. It's just a nice little bonus that you don't have to do all the walking during the event to reap the rewards. I will say though, that's like the single worst perk for CD. Dust, XP, candy...anything is better than egg distance. Unless they do special egg spawns too, I guess.
Probably nothing specific--just anything worse than desertion. Murder, treason, maybe rape, a combination of multiple things.
And why do you want to win? There are only two reasons I can think of. Rewards, or "because I want to". Using raids and gyms as example,99% run them for the rewards. Very few people invest into powerful raid teams just for fun.
Is 3.5 weeks really not enough time to put in a time off request or find someone to cover your shift?
That's not the glitch. The glitch is when you keep doing it and it breaks.
You clearly haven't seen it get to the point where it looks like his ear is pointing inside his head and the mesh of the hat is clipping through his skin to try to stay attached to the ear.
Recifyling lore with mechanics is never a good reason to change rules. Oherwise Birds of Paradise couldn't use equipment, a lot of creatures would have to have their toughness buffed/nerfed because they don't make sense, etc.
On the plus side, you can use the ball's strap to hold the button down and get auto-catch without having to modify it.
That Hellboy trailer was a fucking disaster. Killed 100% of my hype. This looks oeverall great, except for the stupid eyes.
So far the least controversial thing here.
Wow how did I miss that? I evolved my shiny Azurill last night and stuck him in my buddy slot all day because I only had 46 candy after. Whoops.
He's also really hard to get unless you're in a lucky spawn area. I think I've seen maybe three. Ever.
\[\[Shields of Velis Vel\]\] says "Exile all creatures target player controls" in my \[\[Hazezon Tamar\]\] deck. It's great.
While we're at it, Little Samson.
Ganon has a history of conflict with the royal family, sure, but Ganondorf was a Gerudo king. Why wouldn't they know about it?
"I meant shutn't down"
Melmetal is a solid electric attacker.
Wasn't that the only gold MM cart?
Just really rare.
Nope, but there's a very easy way to mod it to add a switch that will toggle between the two NTSC modes.
It's just new capacitors. Eventually the old ones will burn out, these are just to replace them pre-emtively.
100% more fun if you ask me.
Sure, just leave the filament unconstrained, there's no way that will cause problems. I'm sure there's no good reason Prusa specifically put that part in there.
Random is random. For every person that gets 4/5 different drops, there's someone who gets all Suicune. At least you got Entei, who is pretty useful. &amp;#x200B; Just to drop on another data point, I'm at Suicune, Moltres, Articuno, Shiny Articuno, with one more opening on the 31st.
Nice quality case and controllers.
Well I won't spoil anything for you, at least not any more than saying he's in an episode is a spoiler.
Is it just me, or when he showed side-by-side on Mario's face, did the RGB mod video look like the colors were totally fucked? It looks like it gave Mario a sunburn. Yuck. And that cheap converter he's using isn't doing any favors either. I've gotta say I'm not very impressed. Maybe I'm just spoiled by having UltraHDMI and an OSSC at my disposal, but this video seems like the end results aren't very impressive compared to his composite capture.
And he was playing way more hours per week than your casual gamer, I'd wager.
For you, sure. Try telling that to someone in Australia.
&gt;a 2D game where you can change the camera angle
[http://hslpicker.com/#435c05](http://hslpicker.com/#435c05) &amp;#x200B; Here you go. First three bars are what they're talking about--first is hue, second is saturation, third is brightness. Fourth bar is transparecny, which isn't really relevant here.
[http://hslpicker.com/#435c05](http://hslpicker.com/#435c05) &amp;#x200B; Play around with that. The second bar is saturation (how close the color is to "gray"), the third bar is brightness (how close to black or white).
&gt;I have a tone to pick with you Well that's a new one.
I didn't save any females save for the shiny, so now I have to go out of my way to hunt more because I'd really rather have a shiny, angry Glalie.
If you let it be, sure. A lot of people find absurdity and unexpected to juxtaposition to be funny, and moreso when repeated a few times. On the same note, some people are a stick in the mud and like to put other people down for having a laugh that they don't approve of.
I'd downvote most of those all the same, doubly so if the title is questionable. If it said "Arena GUI strikes again" or something, I would have just ignored.
No, but I do sometimes have a mild expectation of title-to-content. If you can even call this content.
Except A) it does produce colored mana a significant portion of the time B) it can only gum up one colorless land slot while in play, and C) he specifically included Urborg to help it out.
Tyranitar are still in rotation, don't know why you're being told otherwise. I just saw one day before yesterday. For reference, here's the current list of raids: [https://thesilphroad.com/raid-bosses](https://thesilphroad.com/raid-bosses)
If you're not high level and don't have huge excess resources, evolve things at levels 30-35 regardless of IVs, so that you have something to use while you're waiting on good IV drops and enough spare dust to pump into them to level up. Once you're higher level and have plenty of dust to spend on high tier raid counters, then start focusing on waiting for 90% or better mons. No reason to cripple your gym/raid fighting ability just because you don't have perfect things right now.
I'd say the landing can be collapsed. Just agree on another tile for the coal chute to land in (furnace, for example), or just draw a random tile for it and use that until that room collapses. Alternatively, the coal chute is just a dead end and goes nowhere.
Right, but remember that time he wore a tan suit?
Could be worse--they could give us Shedinja and Suicune only for three months.
Lugia: 1394-1587 Ho-Oh: 1461-1655
These days, a trekker is a trekkie who feels like "trekkie" is a derogatory term so they use a different word. But it's exactly the same thing.
Depends on where you are. In Illinois, we get windy weather all the time.
Saying 1.57 weeks is perfectly normal.
b0rm8?y71x61?ht4 Second ? has to be R I think, maybe B or P. That first question mark cold be darn near anything.
I'd say .57 weeks, or .57 of a week.
Meryn Trant is definitely up there.
Weird. It should work based on your description. There's a little reset button to the right of the strap that you can push with a pen. It leaves your Pokémon in, but often fixes issues for me. On a side tangent, you can put the strap around the ball, tighten the slider, and hold the button down to get auto catch.
I still think you do need someone in a cell to start a regular raid, too. I live in a rural area and it seems like about half the raids I see are at 59:5X minutes on the clock right as I get near them.
Definitely happened on Lapras day. I went to an out of the way park at 11:20 and there were no raids. As I turned around to leave in the parking lot, every gym immediately populated.
You don't. But for something like a Combee or Sneasel it's an option.
Having a double weakness like TTar has against fighting basically makes it 60% easier to kill.
Also open 20 gifts and do 4 PVP battles.
Close down your game entirely. Then go into Google Fit and Apple Health and track a 10-minute walk. Take note of how many KM it says you walked. Then open PoGo a minute or so later, and you should get a notification saying Adventure Sync tracked that same number of KM since you last played. &amp;#x200B; Adventure Sync only tracks while the game is closed, and only tracks steps logged in Google Fit or Apple Health. You shouldn't have to manually trigger exercises, as those apps should auto log whenever it sees you walking. But starting the exercise int he app guarantees it gets tracked.
Still worth trying just to be safe. It might be such a thing that syncing the steps from Apple into this could cause them to be flagged as third party, and thus invalid.
You got it. &amp;#x200B; [https://pokemongo.gamepress.gg/adventure-sync-guide](https://pokemongo.gamepress.gg/adventure-sync-guide)
But those are all charge moves, not quick moves. Bad comparison. The only CD quick move we've had is Smack Down and it's not exactly rocking any boats.
I whipped this up a month or so ago and have been making great use of it. Is it overkill? Sure. Is it more convenient than cinching down the strap all the time? You bet it is.
I'll also chime in and say that the Morton Arboretum and Chicago Botanical Gardens are both pretty darn good, and a nice change of scenery. Definitely farther out and only really an option if you have a car, but highly recommended both as sites on their own, as well as solid PoGo locations.
The problem is when you get to the definition of "unplayable". Is a 7-land hand unplayable? What about one land and a signet?
Grenzo plus knowing you have X creatures on the bottom is inherently stronger than completely random Grenzo. And Grenzo has the potential to be pretty darn good. I wouldn't say this breaks him by any means, but makes it easier to get three lands and an \[\[Ahsnod's Altar\]\] or \[\[Hearstone\]\] and know you have three creatures on the bottom to start going off.
In-app distance tracking has always been questionable.
Other way around for me. I'm at 27KM so far this week, 95% of which is AS.
It looks like it's now updating at 1/4 the distance interval, instead of giving 4x candy at the normal interval. I walked 2.5km via AS right before it started and ended up getting two Gible candy.
Not true. You get 1 candy per 1.25km walked. I tested by adventure syncing 2.5km, and I got two candy.
It seems like it's calculating based on 1/4 the distance--I got 2 Gible candy after walking 2.5km, even though it shows 5km as the buddy distance.
It's just a visual bug. It shows 5km buddy distance, but is paying out at 1.25km.
There's supposed to be a wireless option of this coming out soon, which A) is coming from a more reliable company and B) is designed to mimic the Hori Mini pad. &amp;#x200B; [http://static1.squarespace.com/static/55ef0e29e4b099e22cdc9eea/55ef1423e4b030b646dd5fc2/5cb0e509eef1a1db3021281d/1555174615812/tribute64.jpg](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/55ef0e29e4b099e22cdc9eea/55ef1423e4b030b646dd5fc2/5cb0e509eef1a1db3021281d/1555174615812/tribute64.jpg)
Yeah, I would never put that much effort into a gym. If they care that hard, they're just going to knock my guy back out immediately and I'll get no gold anyway. If you have to actually put effort into fighting a gym that's being actively defended, just go do another gym.
A normal type move would have to be "rebalanced" into the stratosphere to ever be relevant, especially on a non-normal user.
Why wouldn't you?
Yup. The only reason to evolve one now is if you want the dex entry. If that's all you want, just evolve a crap IV one you find in the wild or from an egg.
Do you think the word cupboard only applies to small compartments in the kitchen? I'll save you the time of pulling out a dictionary: cup·board /ˈkəbərd/ a cabinet or small recess with a door and typically shelves, used for storage. "a kitchen cupboard"
Just throw it in the laundry. It'll last about forever.
There are also lots of online services that can print things for you. On the page from the OP, there's a "order it printed" link, or just google "3d printing services" and you can find all kinds of options.
I think the bigger issue is the prevalence of the Lileep/Anorith hatch 2 eggs/find 3 candy tasks. I'm not exaggerating at all when I say they're at least 50% of the research tasks. Considering those things are literally everywhere in the wild, in 2km eggs, and in raids to boot, why do they need to take up all of the tasks?
I always see people say something like "X is 50% of spawns" and just ignore them because it's almost certainly confirmation bias/exaggeration. So I made sure to put a lower number here than what I feel. I agree, though, that those two tasks do feel like 80%. It's almost not worth looking for anything else. All I want is to check for shiny Onix while hunting for rare candy and Cranidos tasks. Maybe Shieldon, but that's a tough one to complete. Everything else is pretty much useless, and I imagine a lot of people feel the same way right now.
And not only are they wild, they're also cluttering up raids and 2KM eggs! Do we really need four ways to encounter these things? I do have to disagree about the evolved forms though--it's nice to catch them for higher dust, but it would be a bit of a feel bad to miss out on shiny chances since they're evolved.
That's a weak reward for so much effort.
No way in hell if you just mean a regular phone charger. You'd have to get a laptop USB-C charger, and at that point you might as well just use a regular laptop power supply with a regular DC barrel jack. That's not uncommon for cheap prunters with unheated beds--my Printrbot Simple and Monoprice Mini Delta use those. You can get a 12v/10A 120w power supply on Amazon for $20 - [https://www.amazon.com/BINZET-Adapter-Converter-Regulator-Flexible/dp/B00Z9X4GLW](https://www.amazon.com/BINZET-Adapter-Converter-Regulator-Flexible/dp/B00Z9X4GLW/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=12v+10a&amp;qid=1559922862&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-1) Compare to my $65 Lenovo USB C charger which tops out at 20v/2.25a 65w. Plus there's the issue of your printer having to properly negotiate USB-PD which is a whole thing. It's not like micro-USB where you can just plug in and get power. If your device doesn't actually tell the charger what kind of power it wants, the charger will only deliver "safe" voltage which means 5v/2.4a and it's basically a phone charger.
Just to chime in and point how how ridiculous this ordeal is--I'm on a Pixel 3, always let PoGo auto-update, and adventure sync has always worked without having to do anything other than check the box.
Sure. But why settle for 25K when you can get another 1K from trainer battles, 1K from opening gifts, 1K from feeding berries, and 10K from hatching a set of eggs?
For some iPhone users it works perfectly. For some it doesn't work at all. For some Android users (like me) it works perfectly. For others, it doesn't work at all. There's no obvious, simple pattern.
Why would you max out more than one? You can only use one on a party, and there's only one moveset you want.
Levels 20-30 is 66 candy. Plus 49 to evolve and you're looking at 135 total candy per task Cranidos and that's just to get to level 30. I'm talking the hell out of mine and Pinaping everything, but I'll still need to invest rare candy.
Acetone does damage PEI though. Back in the MK2 days when we just had PEI sheets, people who frequently used acetone to clean their beds would end up with cracks and chips coming off. This isn't anything new. The only apparent difference is that the powder coated sheets are affected after only a few uses, instead of prolonged exposure.
Isn't Hariyama strictly worse that Machamp after the stat re-balance last fall? It used to be Breloom for DPS, Hariyama for TDO, and Machamp for balance, but now I think Machamp beats Hariyama in both DPS and TDO.
My rewards, with dust broken down between a 50K bundle and the rest: &amp;#x200B; 15 candy 10k egg 5k egg 10x great ball 20x pokeball 50,000 dust 1,000 dust
So 14 is safe, 13 loses a point to Entei, and 12 loses a point of damage against Zapdos and Alolawak.
Hell, Lucario is even an option over this and nobody thinks Lucario is a good raid counter.
We have three explicit direct sequels, and one series of implied sequels. Zelda -&gt; Zelda 2 Link to the Past -&gt; Oracle games -&gt; Link's Awakening (Implied) Ocarina -&gt; Majora Wind Waker -&gt; Phanton Hourglass
Short answer: Dragonite is good, and only slightly worse that Salamence or Rayquaza. If you don't have access to those, he's definitely your best option. Gengar is good, but is even better if it has Lick/Shadow Claw. If you don't have a legacy Gengar, your next best option is Giratina-Origin. If you don't have those, cuurent moveset Gengar is the best ghost. Personally, I'd rather invest in Weavile/Tyranitar than a non-Lick/SC Gengar. They're super effective against the same things.
Joanna Dark when?
Android.
It was a threefold event: * Shiny hunting (like every other event lately) * Rampardos/Bastiodon farming * 50km rewards Speaking for myself, I don't go way out of my way for shiny hunting unless it's something I really like--like for Machop, I checked 900+ that week and only found one on the last day. That kind of effort is not worth it for a Lileep or Anorith.
And dark has the same coverage as Ghost, so they're used in the same raid teams and are generally interchangeable.
You might only get one Darkrai depending on if it's special research, or you might get several from being an EX raid.
Yes. And so were Giratina's, but then it ended up with Shadow Ball. Game master is a nice idea of what to expect, but not a guarantee.
Doesn't matter. Shadow Ball without STAB does more damage than Dark Pulse with STAB.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/bxdddl/analysis\_very\_early\_look\_at\_the\_fairy\_fast\_move/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/bxdddl/analysis_very_early_look_at_the_fairy_fast_move/) &amp;#x200B; According to this, that puts Gardevoir somewhere in the Hariyama tier against dark types, Latios/Weavile tier against dragons, and Gardevoir/Rayquaza tier against fighting types. In cloudy weather, it becomes the best counter for fighting types, but still falls short of the crown against dragons. tl;dr: Still not very useful overall, though will probably be one of the best counters for something like Kommo-O, Hydreigon, and Scrafty. Woo.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/bxdddl/analysis\_very\_early\_look\_at\_the\_fairy\_fast\_move/ According to this, that puts Gardevoir somewhere in the Hariyama tier against dark types, Latios/Weavile tier against dragons, and Gardevoir/Rayquaza tier against fighting types. In cloudy weather, it becomes the best counter for dark and fighting types, but still falls just short of the crown against dragons. Its additional bulk against dragon types, however, makes it a fair consideration in cloudy weather. tl;dr: Still not very useful overall, though will probably be one of the best counters for something like Kommo-O, Hydreigon, and Scrafty. Woo.
Ganondorf and the person sealing him, presumably.
If you read the post from the link, it does address that. Short version is that it's a good choice in those encounters.
You can't compare MSRP on one device to sale/resale price on another device. Either compare MSRP to MSRP, or sale/resale to sale/resale.
So do that, nobody's stopping you. You don't have to whine to strangers on the internet every time someone makes a product that you don't want. Just don't buy that product, and buy the one that meets your needs and wants.
That could be--I'm using the Gamepress analysis from yesterday.
Agreed, definitely out of date. But overall it's still probably not a great investment. Metagross is still miles ahead, Dialga is better and uses the same rare candy you'd have to spend on Jirachi, and it looks like Machamp/Roserade are still better counters against most things you'd use it for.
I'm expecting nest shifts in an hour, as that's when the Horsea spawns start worldwide.
I'm at four and only played for an hour at lunch.
There have been reports that Abra/Clefairy were mistakes and have been removed.
If I'm using PB+, then it's a time when I wouldn't be actively playing anyway. So anything "lost" by it is still a step up from never even having a chance at it in the first place.
I don't care either way. I'm just saying that if they changed things and I saw a "missed" shiny, it wouldn't be the disaster that everyone else acts like it is.
This worked for me.
Yeah, and that very well could have screwed people too by only being in certain regions. We just got lucky and it was an intended test rather than a bug. But you shouldn't rely on something unannounced as a fact, without at least setting your expectations that it might not actually happen.
Check again. Horsea was on the Chicago poster. In the fountain. Buckingham Fountain at Grant park has seahorses decorating it, hence the connection. https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/HwafjASBfZ61h8ywnopd_Fwz-4Gn3k7McJoHvW4J0hkgQjWtTfMRgnufTTYtCVA9-WXIRw6YCjZpX42chSCr5Q=w2880
I delete encounter tasks all the time. Sitting on three trade tasks in the morning could prevent you from finding and completing a dozen other encounter tasks throughout the day. Not to mention finding rare candy/silver berry tasks.
My wife and I are at three since rates "reset" and no non-horsea shinies. I'd say horsea are likely boosted.
Too easily exploitable. It would let people get "free TMs" by rolling a second move on something (e.g. their pile of raid-caught Machamp or Tyranitaar, or on something like Mamoswines where you have infinite candy but limited TMs). If it doesn't get the desired move, just transfer it and get your money back, then try again. If this existed on Mamoswine day I probably would have saved several hundred thousand dust by just selling back my Swine that didn't get avalanche.
&gt;If it was one guy per week, maybe you could blame Niantic. But this is happening daily to hundreds if not thousands of people. You got a source for that, other than that you completely made it up?
To be clear--I like any idea that makes the game better for users. You should be able to pick what a TM or added move gives you, and so on. I'm just describing why your idea would never happen in the game. It loses revenue.
\[\[Pyxis of Pandemonium\]\] it.
You have to buy raid passes to get TMs. There's a clear revenue path.
Allow me to be more specific then. If you want enough TMs to build competitive raid teams or PVP teams, buying raid passes is all but required. Yes, there are rare events with TM rewards for tasks. Yes you can get one here and there in PVP. The amount you get from these is negligible and can disappear on a single Pokemon when re-rolling for the same move. My record is 8 TMs for a 98% Machamp, AFTER buying a second move. If you have the ability to do T5 raids every day with your free passes, then it may be possible to have a steady supply but that's not an option for the majority of users. If someone is only doing T1-3 solos on your free passes, or are only using 2-3 per week to do T5s, it's highly unlikely that they are getting enough TMs to keep up.
Find a nest. I had a big Electabuzz the next town over and was able to get 600+ candy, a perfect, and several level 30s with good IVs. There's a Magnemite nest nearby now and I intend to farm that a bit, too.
I don't think you can call removing Abra/Clefairy a goalpost shift. Those were never on the table from Niantic's point of view, so their planned event and what most people got matched. If anything, the players moved their own goalposts by assuming a glitch was intentional and permanent.
You can do some fun stuff with birds: [https://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/birds-26-01-14-1/](https://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/birds-26-01-14-1/)
Well nests did just shift yesterday after the event ended, so beware that those reports may not be accurate!
It's a very cool concept. Sure, we'd all love FPGA emulation for all the consoles but that's just implausible at this point. And if you can't do it for everything, there's not much point in doing software emulation for half of it and FPGA for the other half. Doing it all in software saves on hardware costs, as well as lets them focus their resources on making the emulators as good as they can. I'm in a similar boat--there's no way I'm buying one, but am super happy that it's a thing that exists. It'll probably be a major go-to recommendation when it's "hacked" and you can load ROMs via SD.
How are you doing that when you play a colorless land T1?
PS1 FPGA is pushing the limits right now, too. Kevtris has said in interviews that N64/PS1 could technically be done in FPGA but would be such a huge undertaking that it's just implausible to actually produce. He's not the be all end all authority on what can be done in FPGA by any means, but he certainly knows more than most considering his experience with the three Analog consoles.
I would argue that looking for all those stupid Korok seeds and finding all the map labels is much stupider than just leaving the game unfihished.
Well then we're just arguing semantics and it's an entirely moot point.
I took it as him saying it's unlikely that anyone would make one anytime soon, not just that he didn't have the time to do it. But the way he said it kind of felt like it could go either way.
Earth day was double candy only for event spawns--diglett, sandshrew, cubone, etc. Groudon was not an event spawn.
Most likely it will get something like Earth Power as a CD move making it a more powerful Groudon. Or Dragon Rush might be added for it. Basically, I'm not going to evolve it now when there's good reason to believe it will get better.
15/9/13 is good enough for me to keep. Relying on CD only catches/trades to get good stats is too unreliable in my experience.
"Double resist" is simply how immunity is implemented in Go.
Because I didn't? Not only did I not say the same thing as rednefed, I was actually communicating the exact opposite. Also what's the contradiction in my statement? Rednefed was implying that Groudon candy wasn't doubled so we shouldn't expect Kyogre to double. "Double candy" and "Double candy for event spawns" are two different things. Groudon wasn't an event spawn, so it didn't get doubled. Kyogre should be expected to be doubled for a flat double candy event--like we've had in the past for Valentine's day, as an example.
Pokemon will still sell like gangbusters. The amount of hardcore players with a huge bank that they feel entitled to transfer is a tiny percent of the player base. The biggest portion are people who just don't care or even know about online components and cross-gen transfer, and people who know about it but don't consider it a dealbreaker.
100 max, oldest go away. But I still wouldn't risk it.
If you're filling out your dex every generation and paying for Bank, you're definitely on the hardcore side of the spectrum.
You know that "these two things have been in the game since the start" and "new players can easily do things" are opposing statements right? I'd say Roserade is the easiest to farm counter, but at 100 candy a pop, Sinnoh stone requirement, and only 1/4 charge moves meeting your needs, it's not exactly easy to make a team out of nowhere. That's realistically a few months' work.
I usually just evolve a Roserade whenever I get enough candy. If it doesn't have GK or poison, I just trade it off and evolve another. They're common enough spawns here I can just re-farm unless it has relaly good IVs.
The only thing you're ever using a psychic team for is soloing Machamp, which you can do with levels 30-35. Other things, however can be used for duoing T4s, trioing T5s, etc, and can be maxed out for those purposes. Since there's (currently) nothing in the T4/5 pool that you're going to be duoing/trioing with Espeon, there's absolutely no point whatsoever to maxing.
I duo Tyranitars all day with my wife using L30 Machamps with no risk of losing. Nothing wrong with maxing, mind you, I just want to make sure anyone reading this comment doesn't think they need to max them just for Tyranitar raids.
Yup. On average, I'd say two best friends with 4x L30ish Machamp can duo a Tyranitar in any weather with 60s left on the clock. You probably want a fifth to be safe against something like sunny weather fire blast TTAR if you don't dodge. But that's the only really scary set.
Gotcha. I interpreted it as trading them in to the game, not with others.
A fine idea, but I honestly can't imagine any scenario where I actually do it. Unless the eggs re-roll from a special trade pool or something.
Personally, I find Groudon much easier to farm candies for. I've encountered about a bajillion of them in the last six months, but haven't seen a single Gible.
Next year's adventure week, they'll be available as shinies and will be spawning like Lileep/Anorith were this year. That's a pretty safe expectation.
Hmm. I wonder if they can do that one, wait two hours, then jump over to another and get multiples in.
Same for most people under 30.
It's illegal if you distribute a patched rom. But the patch itself is legal to distribute, in the same way it's legal to distribute gameshark codes.
You can absolutely sell Barbie sized clothes without Mattel's permission. You just can't use their trademark while doing so.
Sega CD on an FPGA is easier since it's basically just an optical drive emulator. Cramming a 32x in is tougher since it actually does a lot of processing, plus you'd have to have two video ports for the console video passthrough.
Interesting. TIL. Still, the 32X appears to be significantly more. For starters, the CD uses the same processor as the Genesis, which means that portion has already been implemented in FPGA. The 32X uses a completely different set of processors, which are significantly more powerful and presumably haven't been implemented into any FPGA projects yet.
&gt;I don't even care about dinner. 3-6pm was already ruining most of the day, so it was hard to organize anything else in the evening with other friends that don't play PoGo. Now, with 4-7pm, the whole evening is now definitely entirely ruined for everything else. &gt; &gt;I want 11am-2pm back. That was your original comment they replied to, and it does absolutely nothing to indicate that by "everything else" you mean "raids". Additionally, you're specifically mentioning organizing things with people who don't play POGO, so your original comment and this one are extremely contradictory.
You can't put food in the crock pot an hour later?
People are latching onto the Pokemon things becuase you're giving clear examples in your statements. The stuff about non-POGO players is vague and kind of nonsensical. Do people who don't play Pokemon Go go to bed at 7PM? Are they not awake in the morning or early afternoon? The other person in the chain commented about how these hours were nice because you could plan your whole morning and afternoon, do this in the early evening, then have the rest of the evening to make other plans. They said 11-2 is splits the day up in a weird way. And you blew up on them, citing nobody playing POGO in the morning or raiding after 7, and some vague comments about nobody who plays POGO apparently being willing to do anything outside of these hours. Honestly, I'd have to agree and say that 11-2 is a little weird. With hours from 4-7, I can easily do all of my errands and chores before CD, then do CD, then make dinner plans with people in the evening or just go home and relax. If it's 11-2 I have to split up my chores/errands between a couple of hours in the morning, then in the afternoon, eat lunch at a weird time somewhere in between, then do dinner. It breaks up the "useful" time in the day into multiple chunks.
There are newer RGB mods that have VI de-blur like UDHMI offers.
Probably emotional association or something. Listening to the song not only gives you the song to enjoy, but brings back the memories of the film as well.
I don't disagree at all. Just pointing out that UHDMI isn't the only option for VI-deblur.
Sure. But she'd just regenerate unless Vin knew to keep punishing Jasnah until she ran out of Stormlight.
What's this thing people keep talking about accessing berries to run away?
Ground should go up a pretty good bit if Garchomp gets Earth Power as a CD move. Right now everything that's a good ground type is stuck with Earthquake, and Earth Power is stuck only on weak mons.
Okay, that makes sense.
Okay, that makes sense.
Hopefully the raids are things that actually make this worthwhile--things that are near-duos becoming doable, etc. Otherwise it's pointless. &amp;#x200B; Edit: This might actually make Raikou reliably duo-able outside of sun depending on how big the damage boost is.
It'll probably be something short more like the Halloween one. Jirachi won't go global until after all the Go Fests are done.
Have you read Oathbringer? I won't spoil any details, but we know exactly what happens when a surgebinder gets shot in the head with a crossbow or stabbed in the heart.
If say it counts as "most" but you've gotta be above 90% to be "pretty much everybody".
If you have enough Gyarados, you always just lead with a team of them. Groudon doesn't hit for super effective with any moves. Then on the re-lobby, just use the second team based on the charge move.
Just guesstimating here, I'd say that 3 hours of Plus catching on an alt account will get you enough candy to fully evolve 3-5 Garchomp. (That's based on my personal experience of getting \~2,000 candy on a full 3-hour CD with pinap berries and close to 100% catch rate. Divide that by four to account for no pinaps and a 50% catch rate.) Evolving all on that account and trading on a later date does give you a few extras, but not a lot. On your main account, you'll have the option of evolving \~16 high level Garchomp, or selecting your highest IV low level ones and using your candy powering them up. The numbers get fuzzy there, but let's say you can get about six high IVs on the main account. Realistically, we're looking at somewhere between a 25% and 50% net increase in the number of Garchomp you get on a CD. That's a long way away from doubling your gains. And that 25% to 50% boost will most likely have mediocre IVs and many players would throw them out for a net of 0% gains.
Can't argue with that.
Someone mentioned in another comment that just doing one alt is small beans, when you could run five or ten. That would certainly start to add up. So I guess in that hypothetical scenario, you'd have to weigh the costs of a handful of extra phones and Gotchas that could be used on multiple days against the cost of repeat travel to farm CDs.
You have two 1-week periods to walk 50km during each. Rewards are the next two Monday mornings so get to walking.
No, it's a ice lure only spawn.
They were not boosted spawns--just available at the occasional random rate they always are.
I suspect most people in this thread are talking about Hollywood, so yeah that's exactly the problem.
The majority of them in Hollywood are white men anyway, so you're just picking out a subset of the same issue while also probably being anti-semitic.
Honestly, don't worry about it. The sales they had on the google store last month were \*way\* better than $10 off. I trued to use this coupon on a couple of things from the store, and they ended up costing more with this than just buying them. It was a pretty fake gesture overall.
Probably worth looking into MiSTer if you want an FPGA console that can run a lot of different cores. I don't see Analogue or Kevtris releasing a firmware update that lets you effectively download their other products for free, and no developer is going to spend time trying to crack Analogue's firmware when they could just be developing directly on MiSTer.
It's been retro for a long time.
6 lv30 Rhyperiors isa pretty easy duo, so anything more than that is just convenience.
Whenever there's something large and easy to hit as a research reward (e.g., Onix during last year's Adventure Week, Snover, Ponyta, etc), I like to keep a stock of them stacked up in my research queue. Then whenever I get a Spinda task or similar, I can easily just knock those out with mons that give super easy targets.
I always do my own tests with 10/10/10 level 30s. Gives a better idea of what an average player can do--and if you have better than that, then obviously you'll just be faster.
It also can't keep a graveyard on lock down by removing one card per turn, while Relic can. It also targets the single card you want while Relic doesn't.
Do we know that or is this just speculation?
Deino/Gible/Litwick are all CD shoe-ins, so I wouldn't spend a lucky trade on them. I'll be trading dozens and dozens on CD, so luckies and wild high% are all but guaranteed.
For candy, or for more bodies to cross-trade for luckies. Don't spend premiums on it, just do a raid whenever you have a free pass that you wouldn't otherwise use.
Or 50 if you just evolve a traded one.
That raid ranking chart is really confusing at a glance. Having it in the fourth slot and numbered 5 requires a double take.
Terrakion would realistically need a fighting fast move, or Sacred Sword would just have to be absurdly powerful to make up for A) not having a matching STAB fast move and B) none of its fast moves being close to Counter in power level.
Lots of people want new VB games. There's been a relatively active homebrew scene doing translations, hacks, etc for years.
No Clue and Never Looked, because that's what he rolled, and I don't foresee any situation where I'd A) want to use him or B) spend literally all of my TMs and still not end up with what I want.
Trading a Machop to someone who hasn't caught one yet and whom you just friended this very second costs 20k dust, which shouldn't be the end of the world.
I had the privilege of spending 8 CTMs on my 2-move Lucario last night. It felt great.
Opposite for me. Trading is way easier now that I don't have to argue with someone about whether they're right about the price or I am. We have a neutral third party telling us market price, and as an adult I can recognize that me losing 50 cents or two dollars or whatever on a trade I want to do is way better than A) not making it or B) wasting time trying to go exacties.
I had one hatch two minutes after CD ended.
Cresselia and Darkrai in raids for lunar new year seems appropriate.
Lunar new year is like a month long celebration isn't it? Edit: Looks like about 23 days. Could easily have a week of Darkrai/Cress in there.
Probably because they wanted to cycle through all 9 current forms now that shiny is out before releasing anything new.
To my knowledge, all forms currently in the game have been released. I believe there are 4 forms that have not been re-released since the shiny came out.
I love that model--I have like six around my house.
Just a thought here--better safe than sorry. Just because joe schmoe on reddit says he doesn't think a piece of machinery can hurt you, is it really worth trusting them? Considering the best case scenario of you sticking your hand into one while it is running is tat you get to say "I wasn't hurt" and the worst case scenario is that you're permanently maimed, I'm going to trust my gut more than this guy's judgment.
It's not like we're running down a pound of food every day. At most it's typically going to just be a small amount of scraps or trimmings that stick to the dishes. At least for me, most stuff goes into the trash, and the disposal is just for things that would require extra effort to collect or scrape up.
So if you have a bee in a bottle is it an escort quest? What about collecting stray fairies in Majora? I agree with those saying this isn't an escort quest. You just have an extra sprite on screen that does nothing.
Stone Egde Rhyperior is basically tied with TTar, so any amount of buff will take him over the top.
I never said otherwise--I was just addressing the assertion that Omastar has it in Gen 8.
The only things that have baby forms and can be shiny in the wild (at least until now) are Pikachu and Roselia. Everything else has required you to hatch a shiny baby--no wild shiny Togetic, Magmar, Electabuzz, Jynx, etc.
I really want to see someone succeed with the Arcanine duo.
I've seen two on radar.
They weren't "added" to the pool. They and Darumakka COMPLETELY replaced the normal 7k pool except for Riolu. So no shiny babies or Alolans for this entire event. All you get are garbage hatches that are already in the wild, with only Magby, Magikarp, Shuckle, and Wurmple as shiny possibilities.
Here for your amusement is my first ever mini paint job, done just last night. Primed with Citadel Wraithbone primer, and mostly done in one layer applications of Citadel Contrast paints. My wife and I picked up a bunch of these when my LGS went out of business, and it's hard to believe just how much pop you get from one coat. I had always avoided mini painting, as it seemed way too indimidating, getting the highlights and shadows and details just right. But now, I just might be hooked! &amp;#x200B; * Primer - Citadel Wraithbone * Cape - Akhelian Green contrast * Pants/Sleeves - Ultramarines Blue contrast * Leather - Snakebite Leather contrast * Armor/spear - Basilicanum Grey contrast, generic silver dry brush * Fire - Gryph Hound Orange contrast * Base - Ork Flesh contrast * Skull - Morghast Bone base, Reikland Fleshade wash * Face - Kislev flesh, Reikland Fleshade wash * Spear Haft - Wildwood contrast * Hair - Armageddon Dust texture, Mournfang Brown base, Reikland Fleshade wash * Finish - Munitorum varnish I gave most of these a test run on another mini to get a feel for how they worked and what kind of brush control was needed, and even just the 30 minutes spent on that mini left me with a perfectly satisfactory result. I did much more detail on this one, and it took somewhere between 90 minutes and two hours.
Here for your amusement is my first ever mini paint job, done just last night. Primed with Citadel Wraithbone primer, and mostly done in one layer applications of Citadel Contrast paints. My wife and I picked up a bunch of these when my LGS went out of business, and it's hard to believe just how much pop you get from one coat. I had always avoided mini painting, as it seemed way too indimidating, getting the highlights and shadows and details just right. But now, I just might be hooked! * Primer - Citadel Wraithbone * Cape - Akhelian Green contrast * Pants/Sleeves - Ultramarines Blue contrast * Leather - Snakebite Leather contrast * Armor/spear - Basilicanum Grey contrast, generic silver dry brush * Fire - Gryph Hound Orange contrast * Base - Ork Flesh contrast * Skull - Morghast Bone base, Reikland Fleshade wash * Face - Kislev flesh, Reikland Fleshade wash * Spear Haft - Wildwood contrast * Hair - Armageddon Dust texture, Mournfang Brown base, Reikland Fleshade wash * Finish - Munitorum varnish I gave most of these a test run on another mini to get a feel for how they worked and what kind of brush control was needed, and even just the 30 minutes spent on that mini left me with a perfectly satisfactory result. I did much more detail on this one, and it took somewhere between 90 minutes and two hours.
Gotta take out caterpie, wurmple, and pinsir--they can be shiny.
TSR is reporting a 20% hatch rate. That means there's a 10% chance of not hatching any after 10 eggs.
Probably around 1%
While I agree with your general sentiment, I do think the fire ones are too good to not be intentional. The only one that's even remotely a stretch is Typhlosion being a "rat", but since Cyndaquil is canonically the Fire Mouse Pokemon, it's really not much of a stretch at all. Considering how broad and varied this patter is (compared to, say, grass just being reptiles), and doing this with the red starters (red being the appropriate color for Lunar New Year celebration), means it's either an extremely unlikely coincidence, or intentional.
You're completely misrepresenting my argument, and it's clear from this comment that you aren't even really reading what I wrote.
My argument was that there's a strong pattern that probably has some intent behind it. You're the one that argued against me as though I stated it was a rule. I actually completely agreed with you at one point here and said as much, but you kept arguing even though we were on the exact same page.
Pokeball Plus: \+Rechargeable battery \+Standard USB-C charging port \+Can use the built-in strap to hold the button down for auto-catch \-Bulky \-Vibration can't be disabled
The 31 choice card will be: Choose one or more: * White * Blue * Black * Red * Green There are 31 color combinations.
Choose one or more: * White * Blue * Black * Red * Green Would be a template that gives exactly 31 available choices.
Depends on what you need help countering. I use poison jab on mine. I lose a little speed on my charge moves, but pick up a huge amount of coverage on fairies. Since I don't get as much energy generation, I stick to Dark Pulse/Acid Spray. This gives me an excellent shield bait move, and a lot of potential for getting them to shield incorrectly as both moves charge at the same time. I also lead with mine, as Togekiss seemed like a very common lead in the last season, and against Giratina they almost always shield your first Acid Spray and then have to switch out giving you tons of momentum. If you don't need a strong fairy killer on your team, and want to stick to a higher energy move like Sludge Wave, then you almost certainly want Snarl.
I showed a 5-choice modal spell template, in case you missed it. I didn't build a full card around it, but it's a simple concept and can easily be expanded to be damn near anything. Examples: * Color choices and "Destroy all creatures of the chosen colors" * Color choices and "For each creature of a chosen color, its controller draws a card" * Land type choices and "Lands of the chosen types produce an extra mana of any color when tapped for mana" * Permanent type choices and "Players can't activate non-mana abilities of permanents of the chosen types" * 5 completely independent modes like Casualties of War
I wouldn't expect it to be good at harnessing and directing physical force except in very specific ways. Compare to, say, a dragon with sharp claws and fangs or musclebound dude carrying a steel beam, or a literal sword.
I'm sorry. No excuses, I just should have been better.
Yeah, especially the participants holding molotov cocktails, the others throwing objects at police, and the ones trying to blind people with lasers. Super peaceful.
Sounds like we're pretty much on the same page. My biggest concern here is that having such a role on something that's designed to be publicly distributed is dangerous to the cause. Better to either have it as a non-documented backup plan, or have the documentation be very explicit about when and how to use these tactics.
I'm not even complaning, mind you. It's an interesting way of making your charitable donations with the expectation of them being profitable. It's just important to read that "5 million minimum" as a "2.5 million minimum" plus 2.5M going to non-charity sources that they expect to give them a positive ROI. Most companies I've seen so far pledfing to make charitable donations have just been pledging straight donations, so "yeah they're a company" isn't really a meaningful statement. Again, not complaining or calling them out as doing something wrong. Just making sure people buying tickets understand the details of where their money is going. Overall I think it's a very good plan, and above-average response. Edit to be clear: I think it's a good program, but expect that there are others that will find it dubious. Whether or not I agree with them, I think it's important that they're informed.
Quoting myself from another comment: &gt;My biggest concern here is that having such a role on something that's designed to be publicly distributed is dangerous to the cause. Better to either have it as a non-documented backup plan, or have the documentation be very explicit about when and how to use these tactics. I'm not opposing the principle of people defending themselves. I'm opposing the apparent recommendation of aggression as a primary tactic, and the risks it brings. Don't give the media a gift wrapped presentation of protestors having instructions on throwing burning projectiles, when that's not at all what the protests stand for.
Correct. I think it's a good program, but expect that there are others that will find it dubious. Whether or not I agree with them, I think it's important that they're informed.
Quoting myself from another comment. &gt;Correct. I think it's a good program, but expect that there are others that will find it dubious. Whether or not I agree with them, I think it's important that they're informed.
Quoting myself from another comment. &gt;Correct. I think it's a good program, but expect that there are others that will find it dubious. Whether or not I agree with them, I think it's important that they're informed.
Quoting myself from another comment. &gt;Correct. I think it's a good program, but expect that there are others that will find it dubious. Whether or not I agree with them, I think it's important that they're informed.
No worries. I'm in perma-defensive mode after the last few days, so I'm taking people as being argumentative more than they are trying to be. My apologies for that!
That will largely depend on UE5, I suspect. They've confirmed that it supports Wwitch, but it remains to be seen how badly it's impacted by the hardware.
IS there an error with the "S Pinsir multiplier" column on the shadow bug set? Scizor has a higher TTW, but its multipler is less than 1x. Volcarona is listed at 1x despite having a much higher TTW. Is it maybe using a Volcarona multiplier on them instead of a shadow Pinsir multiplier?
Immediately after that, a woman came on the broadcast and made it clear that use of force is not authorized. So better than nothing I guess.
I think everything except for Regidragon or whatever looks great. That one though, it just awful. Completely misses the entire design concept of the Regi family.
Probably not all the way caught up, for sure. But I'd hope a Switch 2 would at least match PS4/Xbone base levels of performance.
So what you're saying is just put a pebble in your shoe whenever you commit a crime, and you'll be safe?
Could be more malicious: &gt;While we understand that many of our students believe in god, we trust that they will respect the beliefs of those that do not.
There's no reason for Audino. 7-day catch streak is a flat 3,000 bonus. An Audino is worth more dust than a regular catch at all times, but there's no special advantage to doing it on your 7-day streak other than having a somewhat higher number.
If it takes up a drop slot from gifts, that means fewer 7k eggs during events like this. That's a major issue. It would also mean fewer balls, healing items, etc. which is pretty relevant to anyone whose country is still on some level of lockdown.
Does it matter? I don't see anything in the TOS that says the "friends list" is only allowed to contain personal friends. Limiting the invite system to only people who you happen to have external contact info for would be a waste of a feature. It sure would be nice to invite some people from Germany and New Zealand to Azelf raids, and be invited to their Mesprit/Uxie in turn when they're back up.
Honey gather: * Pokemon that make physical contact with this Pokemon have their held item replaced by honey. Unique effect, gives great strategic options for switch ins.
Yeah, I would never actually play like this. Using a less sharp filter helps, but I'd personally rather just keep an LCD hooked up for these.
Your line of reasoning assumes that all new players understand the flavor of the library. They don't, and will just think of it as a deck. From that perspective, milling cards can reasonably be intuited to grinding down that stack.
If it's anything like my 20M2MDU, you can disable the speaker in the menu. I thought it was busted at first, but eventually stumbled on to the setting to re-enable it.
Yeah, maybe during normal times. But flying is risky business right now.
Trinitron's aperture grill was a huge step up from the shadow masks of their competition. By the late 90s, other companies started using slot masks in their higher end sets and more or less caught up with Trinitron picture quality. In this case you've got a 32 year old aperture grill set up against a 14 year old slot mask. I'd expect the Samsung to look better.
Yes. You use a HDMI to VGA adapter on the MiSTer HDMI port and enable the direct_video setting. You can do this with no IO board at all.
Portable console games are OK on a CRT, but can't be scaled to fill the screen and I'm just not a fan of scanlines on those consoles. Additionally, there are some excellent LCD gridline filters that you can use over HDMI to make it look like an actual old portable LCD. This one is purely preference though, as a lot of people played GB/GBA on either Super Gameboy or Gameboy player and like that look. Tate arcade games are designed to go on a vertical "3:4" CRT, rather than a horizontal 4:3 one. If you want to turn your TV on its side whenever you launch one, it works just fine. But let's be honest, that's not going to happen. Some people daisy chain a second CRT so they always have one vertical and one horizontal, which is overkill for casual use. If you play these cores over HDMI, you can rotate them on that output. Additionally, if you're using a consumer CRT (which you probably are because you're using component), then anything higher resolution that 240p/480i just flat won't work. That means some computer cores, and the Vectrex core at a minimum. Lastly, the Atari 2600 core is really wonky, and a lot of games just don't display right on a CRT for some reason.
If 90% of leads are this, you should really be capitalizing by running something like Scizor that acts as a hard counter in your lead. You either get a free kill, or force a switch and gain a huge amount of momentum. That said, it's still not as bad a AP Tina in my book. The debuff chance is nowhere near as strong as Tina's was, even though it's easier to proc. Getting a debuff from Cress is an annoyance, but very manageable. Getting a buff in Tina often leads to an immediate and insurmountable advantage.
*Was* the king of ML. He's dropped down to 7th on the PVPoke rankings. Still an absolute unit.
Raids/gyms are PVE. Your comment says that Ray is the best for gyms/raids, but Dialga/Palkia are better at gyms/raids.
I have a similar issue. If I use VGA to connect to my projector or either of my LCD displays, everything is slightly purple. Not a big deal for me, since I do have a DB15-&gt;BNC breakout cable and both Component and RGB output work just fine.
Don't forget Pikachu in a Rayquaza hat.
Yeah, unfortunately I don't really have any good advice for different things to try. It should just work out of the box.
Why do you have this at the bottom? Try removing it or setting to 0. You really shoudl probably re-download a whole new ini file and start from scratch though, yours is missing a ton of options and documentation that would probably make things clearer. [SNES] vga_scaler=1
The GCHD MKII has a Wii component cable port.
That's not really true, blindfold speedruns heavily rely on audio cues. Muscle memory plays a part, but you can't react to something that comes in a random order with muscle memory. This game basically gives options to enable additional cues.
Honestly, digital IO is the way to go unless you really want dual output. If you're just going full HDMI use, or even full CRT the DIO board covers everything you need. Heck, it'll even work fine for switching between the two outputs if you have a HDMI switch and two MiSTer ini's set. You really only need the analog port if you need both outputs running at once.
We had like nine on our screen, caught one, then when the map came up it was full of Tauros, Throh, and a bunch of other stuff.
You're reading into this way too hard. Calling it a "loss" is perfectly normal and does nothing to imply that we "owe" it to the industry. You're the only one that seems to think it means that, everyone else here apparently understood it just fine on the first read.
The point of the top level comment was to try to pedatically use the colloquial definition of "loss" in place of the accounting definition. Nobody else in here said anything about the use of "loss" implying that anything is somehow owed, which is what I was referring to.
Just ignore it. Nobody has any clue how megas will work, so it's all just baseless speculation.
But that's not what it was, so it doesn't matter.
I didn't even make an argument. I think you're mixing meat up with someone else.
You just want to argue with anyone about anything, don't you?
While all of that is accurate, one of the stretch goals for the Kickstarter will be to use genuine leather, so that kind of goes out the window if this does well.
Neither is this. So far we have one 25-second teaser, and nothing else. If they keep drip feeding stuff for several months, then sure. Right now they've only hyped it for less than a minute.
No, during CD it's increasing from 2x to 3x, then will return back to 2x.
Kobo readers do have lighted displays, and even have a adjustable color temperature so you can pick a color that's comfortable to you. Kindles only have a blueish white light.
Page turn buttons and adjustable light color temperature.
Not super sensitive, but I still trigger them by mistake on occasion. Touchscreen is still an option for page turning though, and they have models without buttons.
I have the Libra H2O and have no complaints. I think even their entry level model would be sufficient, but I splurged for the page turn buttons and waterproofing.
Neither can I.
What you described is exactly how they already work.
No clue how your experience is so different from mine. There's no Kobo software on my computer and I don't have any accounts synced to the reader.
It's just more comfortable for some people. Nothing wrong with having prefwrenfes. I used to have a paperwhite and had to swipe and now have a Kobo with page buttons or the option to swipe. Ever since getting it I've never once swiped the screen for a page turn. It's just quicker, easier, and more convenient. Not by a lot, but enough that it's made swiping irrelevant.
You act like 40 is some sort of techno phobic dinosaur age, when in reality they've already been using touch screens every day for over a decade. Maybe you'd have a point if you were talking about 80 year olds or made this comment a decade ago. For me, it's just less effort to do and quicker. I just slightly squeeze and the page turns, as opposed to moving my thumb onto the display, then swiping, then returning to a rest position. And that's after using a Paperwhite for several years and having to swipe, so it's not like I just don't know how it works. Not to mention there are some reading positions that don't allow you to swipe to turn pages one handed.
It's maybe a little better. I don't think anything with an e-paper display can really be described as snappy.
Everything official is available on the github. CPS1 and other various cores are unnoficial because their creators haven't added them to the official repository. Jotego is the biggest one to note, as he has CPS1 and a handful of other arcade cores. There are a few other scattered devs with their own cores, but I don't know them off the top of my head. Best thing to do is just use something like RetroDriven's updater script. It downloads and updates all the unofficial cores and adds the necessary MAME and MRA files for all arcade cores. It's kept up to date with less than a day's delay usually, and keeps you from having to hunt stuff down manually.
There are always lots of "non-pictured" spawns. In the past we saw things like Absol, Alola Vulpix, Clefairy, Abra, and more. Usually there are a very large number of shinies to hunt. Typically, however, there aren't any regionals other than the featured. I also don't think legends have played a major role in Go Fests since the first one, and are usually reserved for the "post-Go Fest global rewards".
A 0/0/0 shadow is still way higher DPS than a 15/15/15 purified. Unless you're specifically trying to collect a hundo Tyranitar, keeping it shadow is almost certainly the best option.
Shadow mons have a 20% damage boost, at the expense of a 20% defense penalty. As a raid attacker, Tyranitar is somewhere in the 5-10th best as both a rock attacker and dark attacker. Shadow, however, is the #1 rock type and #2 dark type. (Disclaimer: All of these rankings are off the top of my head and may be off a bit, but the general message is correct.) I think a purifued 100% might be preferable if you want to max it for Master League though. But for me, I've already got plenty of high-IV normal specimens, so a shadow would be a no brainer to add to my collection.
It's the age old question of separating the art from the artist. In this particular circumstance, it has an additional quirk where buying the art (singles on the market) does not benefit the artist materially.
So the tl;dr here is that everything about this is wrong.
No. Someone else posted about him on Twitter, and he tried to get ahead of the news and do damage control by posting his apology immediately. It seems that most people saw his apology first, but it did come an hour or so after some industry folks were talking about abusers and he was the subject.
Have you ever tested the original consoles on this particular screen? That's always nice to know, in case it's not actually a MiSTer issue. Also, have you explicitly tried both PAL and NTSC modes in these cores? Could be that it's running in the wrong mode for your screen.
3) You have a 13/13/13 or better shadow that you want to use in Master League (or other league where a max level 100% is legal), and it's not a case like Gardevoir/Victreebel where shadow is superior for PVP.
If it works fine on a 31KHz display (presumably with force\_scandoubler=1), then that means everything's there and working fine on the software side. No reason it shouldn't work on a 15KHz one with the settings you have listed here. What brand/model CRT do you have?
I had a KV-27FS100 and it worked no problem at all. I've seen several posts from various people with sync issues using YPbPr on Phillips/Magnavox sets, specifically on the cores you mentioned. Was hoping that you might have that issue and could direct you to those threads. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Here are those threads anyway just in case there's something helpful. [https://misterfpga.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&amp;t=87](https://misterfpga.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&amp;t=87) [https://www.reddit.com/r/fpgagaming/comments/f5cx87/mister\_ypbpr\_sync\_problem/](https://www.reddit.com/r/fpgagaming/comments/f5cx87/mister_ypbpr_sync_problem/)
That was the plan for Dark Tower, too--alternating movies and miniseries. The more adventurous Gunslinger, Waste Lands, and Wolves as films. The more sprawling or introspective Drawing, Wizard, and Song as series. Don't recall what the plan for Tower was. And look how that turned out...
Can probably use the monitor's adjustments to scale it some amount, but yeah this is expected. The monitor is outputting at 640x480, and a doubled SNES resolution is still only 512x448 windowed in that space.
The items in the link are actually components for modifying/converting hubs for compatibility with different types of dropouts, but I suspect the ones they had you make are just for transportation purposes.
I'd guess your friend has thru axle style clamping mechanisms on their bike rack, but also has traditional skewer style dropouts on their bikes. Something like this: https://images.singletracks.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Yakima-HighSpeed-9-1200x803.jpg The cylindircal part that's going into the rack is actually the bike's axle, with the wheel removed. This is a relatively new (last decade or so I think) design that lets dropouts and hubs be stiffer and stronger by having a thick axle and dropouts that don't actually "drop out". The axle has to be completely removable to be able to take the wheels off. A more traditional skewer clamping mechanism would look like this and doesn't require the spacer. On these types of hubs, the axle is built into the hub, and there's just a skewer going through to allow them to clamp onto the dropouts. So you take the whole wheel off (including the axle) and just clamp the dropout into this mechanism. https://www.etrailer.com/static/images/faq/review-saris-fork-mount-bike-rack-satr1blk_644.jpg Here's a thru axle dropout compared to a traditional skewer one: https://www.robsonforensic.com/images/uploads/articles/Quick-Release-Expert-Witness-4.jpg
They're still dice. They just have debatable fairness. You're the worst kind of wrong. And just so you know next time you want to try to impress people with your pedantry, you should know that standard d20s aren't even laid out in the fairest possible distribution, so make sure to point out that they're not dice too.
You can't. Without downside. You can change the vscale mode, but non-integer scales can be wonky. I'd recommend make 2 ini files and switch between them depending on which display you want to use. You can toggle inis from the main menu.
Shouldn't. That menu resolution is based on the SNES pseudo-higi-res 512x224 resolution. I'd be interested to know if you can test some SNES games that use that to find out if the same thing happens there. Secret of Mana uses that resolution for all its menus, and according to the MiSTer video OSD, it boots into 512x224 right away. See if that has the same issue at the top.
Darn, I'm at a loss then. I just copied this directly out of my ini and it works fine here, so double check that yours matches: video_mode=512,42,62,64,224,11,21,6,10689 If that's still no good, here are some other resolutions you can try. They all worked for me, but the one above was the one that gave the best aspect ratio for the menu itself. video_mode=320,8,32,24,240,4,3,16,6048 video_mode=384,31,25,71,224,12,3,23,8040 video_mode= 480, 12, 48, 36, 240, 4, 3, 16, 9089 video_mode=640,6,56,66,224,14,8,18,12000
Nope, but I am on a PVM that might be more forgiving than a consumer set. I don't remember if I ever tried that resolution on my Trinitron.
Yeah, I really don't know. It should be nearly identical in function to the Secret of Mana resolution, but apparently there's something about it your display just doesn't care for. I lucked out and snagged a 20" for ~$275 this year and think I made out like a bandit. Only reason I got that price was that it got a fair bit of cosmetic damage due to poor packing and shipping, and I scored a heavy partial refund. Still works like a dream though. It's a weird time to be buying though--prices keep going up, and lifespans on these old devices keep going down.
Has an RTC for animal forest and doesn't require you to hit the reset button to record the save data. But I think that's it.
Composite to yellow, Right/Left to red and white.
Power supply still seems like a likely culprit, in my non-professional opinion. The ray gun is barely firing at all when showing a blank screen with just an input label, and it's going to be sipping a fraction of the power it needs to fill the entire display. I'd suspect that it's producing more heat under load and is tripping a thermal fuse.
I've got a couple of the controllers, actually. Never use them, but they worked fine last time I tested them. PM me if you're interested.
You have to wait until all of your notifications--friends opening/sending gifts, nearby raids, adventure sync, gym activity, even buddy bubbles--finish. Then it'll come up after a few seconds.
Yeah, agreed. Why give it an existing good fast attack, and then make weird hacky workarounds to work, when you can just give it a unique fast attack with the effect you want. If people want it to have "scratch, but only work half as often", just re-stat Yawn to have half the DPT/EPT of scratch and you're in the exact same place.
Really glad to see a standard disk image based setup procedure. The old SD card installer tool (or at least the Windows version) was a disaster. It was super picky about whether or not it felt like recognizing that you have a valid SD card to flash, and then even when it did detect one, it was a total coin toss as to whether it would actually work, error out, or just BSOD the PC entirely. I had one PC where it would never recognize an SD, one where it sometimes did, but always errored out, and one where it would always BSOD. I was eventually able to find an SD card and adapter combo that didn't cause the third one to BSOD, and finally got an install after like an hour of nonstop frustration.
