BOOOO
Why are people such trash... we can’t have anything now without a shooting?
This was such a fucking shameful turn of events. Absolutely disgusting.
I’m also blaming the belligerent drunks and pot heads who can’t go a day of their lives without getting absolutely smashed. Trying to trash office lobbies and smashed bottles everywhere. How is this enjoyable?
ETF
What are you deleting?
This should be illegal. Seriously. Toronto has been consistently named one of the most livable cities in the world, and for good reason, neighbourhoods were NOT made like this, instead full of greenery, natural trails, easy (not to mention friendly) pedestrian access to shopping, etc. Then you enter the suburbs and it looks exactly like this, it’s like they’ve learned nothing. And they wonder why the transit systems all suck. This is depressing.
Yeah okay chief
It’s better off without you don’t worry
What’s your point? People aren’t walking anyway so whatever then? It’s not just walkability and greenery. I was mostly talking about Toronto. There’s nothing there. It’s just a square block of houses. No stores, no offices, nothing.
I would’ve given her a literal penny but even so, it would still feel like too much.
Oh for fucks sake get over it you incompetent asswipe. You embarrassed yourself for not knowing who he was and now you want to sue.
The fuck is wrong with everyone here lol
The diesels never came in manual AFAIK
Because this idiot ran away, and I’m sure he didn’t instantly change his clothes after stabbing those people, someone might’ve seen him run off in a particular direction or get into a car, etc. I’m not sure why suspect descriptions get so much criticism around here...
It raises about as much fear and intimidation in me as “The Village People”
Well said. Too bad it’s not a common or accepted opinion around here.
Thanks for the explanation. I’m not sure why they couldn’t just properly explain this to me rather than being ridiculously vague. At the same time, screw drivers who pull this kind of thing. It honestly never occurred to me that you could at one point scam a pax like that.
I wonder how the rest of the world gets on, innovates, develops new and exciting technology while good ol’ Ontario trudges on like it’s 1979 because if it ain’t broke don’t fix it!
What’s their car of choice anyway?
Oh they’re really the ones to talk aren’t they 😂😂😂
Seems to be Quebec. Probably sentenced to eat poutine *with ketchup*
You have been permanently banned from r/Canada
That's some bullshit you spewed out lol.
Another prime example of York U being unfairly represented in the media. York Regional police wouldn’t respond to a call at York since it is located in Toronto, especially for 4 people getting stabbed. This happened at some industrial location that has nothing to do with York. Meanwhile people get stabbed/assaulted by Ryerson everyday and nobody bats an eye.
I really don’t understand posts like this, you have an off day/week/month and suddenly Uber is the worst company in existence. Guys, you know what you sign up for, this job varies from driver to driver and so do expenses. Stop with this pessimistic ass posts and just let people figure it out on their own. Shockingly, this can be a good side job while you’re interviewing or just picking up extra coffee money. Jeeze, it’s as if it’s manual labour or something.
Pizza Planet paying decent money these days?
If you consider this manual labour I really don’t know what to say to you..
Oh yeah that 6 year old Camry with leather sure is expensive lol. Leather is hardly luxury anymore.
&gt;m’oron m’sides
Ah yes. Thanks for reminding me why I don’t deal with the bar/club crowd.
Never buy an American car* in its first year
You don’t know how happy it makes me to see a completely bone stock, unmolested 3 series from 1999 no less. No stupid fake “M” badges, no stupid aftermarket halo lights, etc. It’s just bone stock and looks the exact same as it did when it left the factory. And it looks perfect. I really miss this era of BMW. I still love them, but there was a much more intimate undeniable identity during this era.
&gt;Well, (ex-)partner is another matter. Yes, definitely another *Matter*
I don't think it's all that ridiculous. Seldom is an ambulance safely travelling at high speed beside stopped traffic. I think the idea is to get there safely, rather than hit 100 mph and have to slam on the brakes or get into an accident.
It kind of pisses me off they insist so much on the Dracula BS with this place. Dracula wasn't real, Vlad the Impaler (the inspiration for Dracula) never set foot in this place. Bram Stoker had no idea of it as well. It's completely arbitrary. &amp;#x200B; The castle instead has historical significance with Queen Marie and the Hapsburgs. It's not that interesting of a history but for crying out loud enough with the Dracula narrative, it completely overshadowed any true history to create a cheesy, cringey tourist trap.
I watched this while I was on vacation in the Bay Area/SF and it was really interesting/unnerving to Google places as I was watching the movie and realize how close they were to where I was... &amp;#x200B; It sucks that I couldn't finish it in time, and especially since it's not on Canadian Netflix ugh
Coyotes routinely walk down the street, making a complete mess out of garbage bins here when it’s garbage day, it’s quite unnerving.
Snow removal, street cleaning, road maintenance, etc
What are you on about? What proof do you have he was part of the incel community?
X5 owner here. No spare, just large trunk
Nowhere near Bucharest lol, it’s located in Transylvania in the middle of the country, whereas Bucharest is in the southeast.
Too bad it’s rated only 55% on RT ...
Poor service would’ve meant no tip. This is how insane tipping culture has become and nobody bats an eye or speaks up at fear of looking cheap. The difference between 15 and 18% is a few dollars at most, definitely not enough to confront the paying customer for a justification.
A police officer saying he suffered a concussion as a result of a small shove by a special someone is a touch dramatic. Waking up completely alone on an empty dark airplane seems like a fucking nightmare if you ask me. I wouldn’t know what to do.
Sure, hindsight is 20/20, but let’s not pretend like this is just as “normal” as ending up in the bus depot. Her phone could’ve been dead, airport operations are dwindled past 1:00 AM, the aircraft could’ve been remotely parked for maintenance or whatever else.
Canada here, yes
Talking out of your ass 101
Man, he should’ve played Begbie, that would’ve been an incredible movie. That outbreak would’ve been over in days if Begbie was in charge.
Meh, I don’t think it’s that much out of the realm of possibilities really, much easier to keep an eye on a population if they’re in one localized area.
28 Years Later: Francis Begbie is released from prison
28 Years Later: Francis Begbie gets Parole
It’s usually closer to $10, and it does add up over time. I mean if you’re already there why not? I seldom wait more than 10 minutes.
I get 2% back because I have an exec membership, it literally pays for itself. Many people don’t realize this.
Absolutely. Toy Story was my entire childhood. Toy Story 3 came out when I turned 18 and was headed off to college myself, is resonated with me in a way I never thought possible, and I absolutely loved it because of it. &amp;#x200B; When the 4th was announced I kind of felt like it might be ruined, but I was crying with laughter and was so happy to see another instalment. I hope they continue to make more.
I mean damn how much longer can they keep the Pizza Planet truck running for lol
Yeah, this I see. The exact minivan for the guy who has given up on life.
Don’t steal that line. The line needs the delivery too, that’s what makes it so great.
Meh. The crapping on Air Canada over here is completely over done..
I understand you’re upset, and rightfully so, but your ideology and “too bad” justifications are leading down a really dangerous pathway. I mean you’re seriously suggesting cyclists and pedestrians take no responsibility for their own actions and the blame falls solely on the driver every single time?
I don’t think you’re a moron, in fact I’m sorry I was too forward. You have to look at the fundamentals of salt use really. It’s cheap, and it works well. And unless you miraculously convince cheapo local governments to spend more of the highly precious tax payer dollar, they will continue to use the method that is cheapest, and works best. I mean it’s like the holy grail of cost and benefit, who cares if the environment suffers, “big deal”. Sand clogs our already useless sewers, so that would quickly rule it out. Also, have you seen the “winters” the rest of the world gets? I mean, other than Russia, many major European cities hardly see any snow anymore, anymore than a dusting really. Over here, we have some incredibly economically important cities, Toronto, NYC, etc. It’s vital to keep these cities moving, and because they’re largely car based, salt is the catalyst to keep the economy moving in a snow storm, as best we can. Also. I can think of 1000 ways auto manufacturers can persuade you into a new car, rather than formulate a secret monopoly on salt use.
Trust me, I’m all for eliminating salt use, at least for the damage it causes to my car. I wash it meticulously in the winter and it still finds ways to salt. And primarily for the environment, when I heard that some streams contain as much salt as an ocean it made my stomach turn ..
Exactly, it’s not that hard to figure out why they’re still being paid.
no no no no no no no no. Please no
At least the windows are able to be opened. Try riding a VIVA bus in the dead ass swamp middle of summer and have some airhead of a bus driver who can’t understand why it’s not normal for the bus to be 35 degrees inside; the windows can’t be opened either. I couldn’t believe the idiocy on them...
Very well said. I always got the shit end of the stick around here by saying that driverless cars aren’t anywhere near to being mainstream. I mean crap we hardly have driverless subways, much less actual trains or planes which have had a form of autopilot for decades. I currently own a car that can, under certain circumstances, drive itself. 60-70% of the time it works okay, but it slips up sometimes and would nearly cause a collision. What’s even the point, if I have to constantly monitor it to ensure it’s not about to kill me?
Yeah, it’s easy being an ignorant ass isn’t it? “WhY dOnT tHeY geT a rEaL JoB!1!”
That’s, just like.. *our* opinion, man. (FTFY)
Don’t really know what you were expecting to be honest. A student centre should be a building that fits the needs of whatever is currently needed. Could it use some more benches? Sure. But to make dedicated rooms for specific uses when in 25 years they’re going to have to renovate because the use no longer fits seems silly to me. It should be a versatile building. This isn’t a physics or chemistry building in the end .. University buildings stand for decades, I personally would prefer a simpler, easier to maintain design that still looks modern years from now rather than a convoluted mess that begs the question of “wtf were they thinking”.
Don’t act like a vigilante, you’re allowed to use that lane up until it ends, otherwise why would it end there?
Why is 72 million such an outrageous number? It’s perfectly reasonable, Ryerson’s new student centre was $112 million. You can’t build an enormous building for like $10 million lol.
Well nobody is forcing you to stay in your slow moving lane are they? Not using all lanes legally available too, causes traffic.
I’m saying it is functional because it is a simple design. A simple design can be easily modified to meet whatever needs this building may need in the future. It’s going to be around for a long time, it should be versatile.
Hey ho made by Bombardier!
I mean, their child passed away, I think this “blame” can be attributed to one of the steps of grief.
“....the fuck does that guy want?”
Happy to hear you’re okay. Stay safe out there.
I agree, at least for the time being. I remember years ago how hyped up the government (my own provincial government that is) was about EVs and how it was the future in only 10 years. This was about 7 years ago and I really doubt we’ve made significant progress. However BMW, why did you discontinue diesels in North America if they’re so popular? The X5 diesel sold in good numbers, as did the 3 series.
I’ve taken Ubers here and there, nothing too routine, but I was shocked to see my rating at a 4.27. I mean I literally just sit there, I’m not late, I don’t slam doors, I don’t smell, I’ve held my girlfriends hand once and brought a pizza with me (wouldn’t dare eat it), yet I’ve managed shitty ratings. Some drivers can be huge assholes just like passengers.
That’s an asshole of a salesmen, with Tesla being who they are, they should’ve at least tried to make some sort of arrangement.
Meh, you’ll lead a much happier life if you just accept the fact that tips are optional. If you don’t get a tip, great, if you do, even better. In my last pay, tips accounted for about 3% of what I made, and I don’t really mind, some people can’t really afford to tip, others don’t want to, whatever. Around here you’ll here stories about how every passenger is an idiot, is clueless, etc, but apparently we still expect to be tipped from the very people we shit talk.
Well, I’m not sure why you’d need a licence if you’re not even driving. He could’ve explained the situation, how he’s always wanted to ride in one, and they could’ve at least tried to work something out. Sure, there is another side to the story too, and I acknowledge that.
I believe they’re mostly just frustrated, worried, etc. It quickly becomes apparent that this is definitely not a job to support a family off of, but some sadly have little choice. But at the same time, expecting to have a good salary from a job that literally requires no experience, some clicks of a page to sign up, and a schedule entirely based on what you want is a little far fetched. A trade off has to exist somewhere.
I hate that this is a thing. Can’t people just fucking sit there for their 10 minute ride and just chill? Do they need to listen to their shitty trap music? Honestly, I don’t complain much about pax behaviour but this just annoys the hell out of me.
Amen to that friend
Seems kinda unfair and shitty to stereotype all e-bike owners as drunks and receivers of DUI convictions lol
Yeah, good luck with that.
&gt; None of the charges he faces have been proven in court. Hm. Funny you conveniently don’t mention this. Lots of “experts” around here love to criticize the government, the justice system when things don’t go the way they personally believe they should, but literally none have much idea what they’re talking about.
Red light cameras at all lights? No
Whoa bud save some pussy for the rest of us
Lol are you serious? I hate pedestrians because I don’t want the city to literally turn into a cash grab? You don’t need red light cameras at EVERY SINGLE intersection, that’s extreme. No city in the world has that. Get real
A) because it’s stupidly expensive B) it wouldn’t solve much, and lead to more collisions C) It would create a huge amount of unneeded stress on the roads. Drivers who strike pedestrians already aren’t paying attention clearly, what good would these do other than make driving that much more stressful for normal drivers?
You can probably offer some other form of advice other than coming off as a condescending gate keeper. How about the fact that many credit cards already offer some form of travel insurance?
If you’re that much at risk of injuring yourself when travelling specifically to the US you may want to look into travel insurance wouldn’t you? I’m no fan of DoFo either, but you’re really reaching here. That OHIP coverage sucked. You still would’ve had to pay an enormous amount if you were to have gotten injured in the US. Your best bet would be to stop shopping there for your virtually non-existent savings. Support Canada, not Buffalo.
Because most drivers want nothing to do with red light cameras and will either choose to blow through a yellow quickly or slam on their brakes to prevent entering the intersection completely. Whatever, it’s useless arguing with people like you because it’s evident such a ridiculous idea will never happen. Even in the most progressive Vision Zero cities such as Stockholm or NYC, none of them mandated red light cameras at every intersection. I mean if you want such extremist ideas implemented just ban driving altogether and get it over with.
It’s organized crime. What do you honestly expect the mayor of all people to do? This would’ve been the mandate of the TPS, OPP and RCMP to keep this crap out of Canada. We were warned about this last year, increased violence due to the mafia.
Meanwhile Antarctica an area 1000x the size of Toronto has had a mere 0 murders from 1899-2019. Seriously how could you make such an incredibly irrelevant statement?
I wasn’t trying to say they’re dumb as a whole, I’m for the idea 100%, but every intersection? That’s the part I had a problem with.
Well be serious all you want, it’s never going to happen.
T2 is much better in my opinion. Kind of redeems Edinburgh in a way lol.
Dear Tony, STOP. *Yours Truly* Ferrari NV
To be fair that age limit should probably be raised as well. It’s getting a little fetishized.
Stupid question as I don’t buy cannabis, can a non-resident purchase legally from a government store or?
At what point do they not care though? I mean if I were to buy some 15 year old salvage F430 and do this crap to it, would they care?
The streetcars which were just retired were also working perfectly fine weren’t they?
Yeah seriously literally the entire point Crime Stoppers was set up for.
Yeah I know, I was making a point. Those buses likely had the same fate. The OP didn’t note that the buses were sent to actual agencies. There are plenty of private charter bus companies which could’ve made use of the older GO buses, and bought them on the cheap.
Yes because the tallest structure in our nation, a shining beacon of Canada is named after an American new conglomerate. How fucking stupid are these people ...
Not to burst your bubble but precipitation levels are expected to be normal-slightly above normal. But I'd take snow and milder temps over that -20 windchill bullshit any day.
Oh wow really? Apprehensive? Short answers I'm guessing?
One LED strip: C Class Two LED strips: E Class Three LED strips: S Class
That’s what you get for buying the shittiest laundry detergent. Also, reported
What does a congestion charge have to do with pedestrian fatalities? You can’t just copy and paste other solutions here.
Rafiq keep your snake mouth shut next time OMG
Why are you assuming that? And since when is no description better than a vague one, even if that’s the best they have? I’ve seriously have never understood this argument.
I’m sorry but what’s the horseshit? That he can’t be publicly named? What’s the big deal? He’s still facing charges.
Oh you poor thing.
I just love how so many TPS critics on r/Toronto are just complete experts on all of the workings through nothing more than casual observations.
Well it did help get guns off of streets. I’m sorry to hear you had a crappy experience.
Whoa stop the presses! Overhaul the entire justice system! This guy definitely knows what he’s talking about.
I seriously don’t understand the correlation between condo development, a tourist attraction., and gun violence. Are these detriments to any other social progress being made or something? I mean as an aside can’t we argue more “fun” things can actually be a positive change for the environment for once? Why are these solutions always so mutually exclusive? Seriously you take 1 or 2 things you have absolutely no personal interest it and use it as an example of how obviously nothing is being done to rectify any “real” problems in the city. We can, you know, still solve problems of gun violence while still maintaining a prospering city.
Yeah sure. Kids were much more normal back in the 2000s right? Like in 2007 when 15 year old Jordan Manners was shot and killed in the hallway of his own high school by two 17 year olds. And a myriad of other stabbings and shootings which have occurred around that same area. Much more normal child behaviour lol.
Rags about “arbitrary” dates as the official start of a season but states the true start of the season as “weeks ago”...how arbitrary.
Seems a little shady, but I also think the CVT hate on here is very overstated. There are tons and tons of bad transmissions out there, even from the likes of Honda. I’d pass, but I’ve sold cars fairly cheaply before, just to get rid of them quickly. Maybe check it out just in case?
And setting up animosity towards an officer for no reason is helpful because?
Nothing to add other than good on you for actually taking the time to research a topic properly.
That’s the drink talking.
I don’t get it, does it actually mean something? I thought it was just a stupid name
Ah Christ
This thirst needs water
In any case .. 160
Yeah sure. I’ve never had it yet I know the shitty sauce it comes with and the drenched-with-lard bun it’s served in too.
North Korea
Don’t bother. This is r/Toronto. If he doesn’t get a 10 year jail sentence the justice system is a failure
Plenty of cars have daytime running headlamps. Next to no cars have daytime running tail lamps.
It is actually. Nearly every car with automatic headlamps also come on when the wipers are activated.
No
He got 10 no he’s not out calm down
Sure
Lol where do you people come up with this?
Because locking him up for 600 years even won’t bring her back. It’s redundant.
Impaired driving causing death doesn’t necessarily carry with it the implication that you were purposefully trying to kill someone. Manslaughter does. If you punch someone in a bar and they fall and hit their head wrong and die, that’s manslaughter.
So you haven’t bothered to keep up with the case means he must’ve gotten out? Come on, just quit while you’re ahead.
Well for one I couldn’t imagine being locked up from 2014 to now, being practically unable to drive for the rest of my life and knowing that I took a little girl’s life. Seriously, there is more to “punishment” than just the amount of years spent in prison.
lol. But trump nearly starting a war which ultimately led to this tragedy is all good boys
I’m not looking for a fight online. I honestly wish people would stop running around losing their heads about this whole justice system bashing and actually take some time to appreciate why things are the way they are.
Yes more than likely he will. He plead guilty as well, he probably got a few years/months knocked off just from that, and at the same time a child was killed.
Oh my god they can do both
That’s up to the parole board to decide. Again, his actions resulted in the death of a child, I doubt he’ll get parole.
I’m sorry your feelings were hurt
Maybe let the guy eat next time? You sound like the wiener here.
IIRC correctly a missile doesn't necessarily hit the target, just explodes in it's general vicinity causing structural disintegration
I mean we just see this one frame.
Oh please enough with this holier than thou bull crap. There have been countless accidents at the sole responsibility of inattentive and irresponsible semi drivers. They’re not the safety gods of the road, EVERYONE needs to pay attention and be safe out there.
He actually makes a nod to this line in Deepwater Horizon lol
There’s a video of it being shut down. Jesus.
I made a post way back when on here about these sketchy locksmiths and was actually contacted by someone at CBC about my experience. Unfortunately I had to learn the hard way what a complete mess and scam these guys are.
That’s messed up
no u
This is some hot bullshit, and I’m super glad to see you downvoted for this blatantly ignorant and elitist view. FYI, London doesn’t have a city wide congestion charge, just for the core of the city which is already adequately served by transit options, cycling options, not to mention walking and favourable walking conditions. There is really no reason why you should ever bring a car for personal use into inner London. Toronto is totally different. And really? Torontonians do these things too? Is my filthy York Region dollar not worth as much as a Torontonian’s is? Get off your pedestal lol.
Those Green P lots are city owned. You want to tax the tax here or what?
Why do you people have this much animosity honestly? What’s with the superiority complex? You think those people are just sitting in traffic just for the hell of it? You don’t think, oh I don’t know, they work downtown? This entire GTA region was based on inter-regional movement for economic growth and for people to work downtown but not have to pay downtown prices. Are those people not good enough anymore? Seriously have some damn thought about the fact that it’s a complete shit show out there in terms of living expenses and housing prices, because more than likely one day you’ll be the one commuting into the city as an “out-of-towner”.
Well I can’t fathom how you can come to that conclusion but the ease of access into the city and the goods and services those people consume and work for do eventually contribute to the maintenance of it.
...what?
Oh boo fucking hoo. How will you possibly feed your family with all these leeches coming into your precious city
I’m not complaining bud, I’m just here admiring these extremist views you have. It’s quite something.
Oh but when people come in to spend money in Toronto everything is peachy? Look at the bigger picture here why don’t you, your argument is nothing but elitist. I don’t know where you and everyone else gets these made up facts that the Gardiner is solely used by residents from outside of Toronto and nobody else. Like the entire cause of the desolate state of that piece of shit bridge is because people from Woodbridge are driving in. I work in Toronto, I buy goods and services from Toronto, I pay for parking in Toronto, I use the TTC in Toronto along a myriad of other things. But I’m still a detriment to Toronto because I drive on the Gardiner “for free”? What exactly is free here? Why don’t you pay a toll when you head north of Steeles?
Meh. Personally I’m glad to be aware of this rather than not. We don’t know anything, nobody here is a nuclear physicist, so quit yer bitchin and go back to sleep if your jimmies are so rustled. Odds are it’s an ongoing situation that has an infinitely small chance of going very wrong but still a chance nevertheless, so why not warn people just in case?
Wow dude, I have no idea you had a premonition and knew from the beginning it was sent in error. Tell me sorcerer, how does one learn your power??
It’s a child being kidnapped but sure
Make it the motto of this sub. If you aren’t complaining are you even living??
Notice how you didn’t get a reply? Don’t bother with logic and reasoning here, this place is nothing but experts and specialists from transit operations to child abduction response procedures. Everything and anything is wrong in the eyes of these guys and only they know best.
The most important distinction of all!
&gt;11-year-old girl in Amber Alert dead, dad to be charged with first-degree murder https://torontosun.com/news/local-news/11-year-old-girl-abducted-by-father-found-dead-in-brampton-home By all means continue being an insensitive ass Edit: you’re all fucked up. I’m so happy the GTA made one of the top posts on r/trashy for people complaining about amber alerts.
It’s a sad state of affairs when I, a “childless government bootlicker” have more sympathy towards even a false alarm of a child missing than you, an “actual father”. But enjoy your grocery shopping and the fact that you’re still wrong. I hope for your own sad sake your kids never go missing and people don’t throw in your face what a waste of time your crisis is.
So what’s the answer here? People complain about amber alerts being used properly even when there are tragedies that prove the alerts helped in one way or another. If we didn’t have any alerts then people would complain about the lack of alerts. Imagine the shit show if today’s false alarm was real and nobody knew about it or at least had the opportunity to prepare. I’m not doing any holier than thou shit but I guess it’s too much to ask of some people to at least have some sympathy not to bitch and moan over a three second alarm on their phone when someone’s kids life is in danger. Fuck me there are some shitty people out there.
That’s a cool little device you have there.
Used to have an ‘85 5000. It was an electrical nightmare, as in I’d shut the trunk and the wipers would turn on but I also loved that thing. First car in Canada! And with Quattro too!
Special editions of regular cars. Remember the Rogue One Nissan Rogue? The Call of Duty Jeep Wrangler? Eddie Bauer Explorers? Made in low numbers (relatively). Completely worthless.
Oh no
There’s no sauce beard you hear? You tell anyone there’s a sauce beard you get a claw to the eye bang bing boom done.
*covers nose*
Not sure what you’re trying to prove here. The very same article you linked to states that iodine pills can in fact be useful in protecting the thyroid from a common radionuclide used in a nuclear power plant. I don’t think anyone stated these could save you from a nuclear attack.
Yeah really. Move on with your day
And you link to an American site? I’ll be sure to be saved when I’m texting a help line in another country! /s https://www.ontario.ca/page/nuclear-incident
Yeah, walk up to a hidden police car and peer at the officer through the window. Fantastic idea.
Why the hell can’t you mind your own business? They go on breaks as well, are you going to dictate what they can and can’t do or what? Do you have nothing better to do?
Send this to CityNews and/or Kerry Schmidt of the OPP. I’m sure they’d love to speak with this idiot.
You’re completely correct. I’m sorry. You know what, next time, just reach for the constable’s gun and demand to inspect it, I’m sure as a representative of the state they would be more than happy to comply with (the taxpayer) demanding to inspect their firearm just to ensure your tax dollars aren’t being wasted.
You really think that was a smart response? As if having to jump to such a stupid response doesn’t poison the well and make you look like a ridiculously foolish person with a desperate bias to defend, no matter how embarrassingly transparent it is.
Dude, calm down. Why said that an iodine pill will make everything okay? That doesn’t mean it can’t help either.
You tell ‘em chief.
“No MSG” is a complete fraud. The entire scheme was started because of blatant racism. Don’t be worried about MSG.
I think we’re completely fucked. You build four lane municipal roads the width of airport runways that are straight and run for kilometres on end while a sidewalk is barely wide enough for two people to walk past each other, you build massive shopping centres which are virtually inaccessible by anything other than a car and definitely not pedestrian friendly, and you build a nice big parking spot complete with a garage for every house. This is the reality of living in the suburbs. Where is the consideration and space for virtually every other mode of transport? You keep building like it’s the 80s and nothing will change. And now they want to start forcing people to “walk and cycle”? On what infrastructure exactly?? For crying out loud why don’t the damn buses go right into the station as part of the passenger drop off loop? Maybe that would actually incentivize people to take the bus rather than walk across a monstrosity of a parking lot just to reach the platform from a stop 5 minutes away on foot. Such a mess
Alright, I was trying to get my comment across more as a PSA than anything else.
You know.... (not a bad idea) /s
I read the article and I still can’t see what part of it was intentionally misleading. Because all I got from it is that our complete imbecile of a education minister wants to follow a proven failure of an education model that fulfills nothing but Ford’s abysmal cost cutting goals. Seriously, what part of this is good? Completely online high school degrees by 2024?
Well excuse us for not having a professional knowledge of trucks. There are many specialized trucks that don’t necessarily fit the most basic definitions.
Also why the fuck do we ALWAYS have to look to the US for inspiration?
The TTC needs to be working towards a fully accessible model, not one that only a few would consider using. Not everyone is an able bodied 32 year old.
You don’t see the difference here even a little bit? Two private homes vs. a public arena space?
Tokyo, Scandinavia, Singapore, some other completely irrelevant location people love comparing Toronto to, etc;
https://mvlri.org/blog/how-effective-is-online-learning-in-michigan/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf#_ga=2.77755028.1619582356.1579119302-268661606.1579119302 There you go. Enjoy your 48% pass rate for low income household students. And yes, I personally would like to have an actual physical person as my teacher, because then maybe they’d inform me I should be using metric measurements in Canada.
Yeah it’s best to stay as far away as possible from commercial trucks in general. Our safety regulations are severely lacking and they tend to kick up a fair amount of crap too
I heard about it on a CBC Radio 1 documentary but I can’t for the life of me remember what it was called. Essentially the story was that when the proliferation of Asian restaurants began in America in the 70s and 80s there were rumours and false science linking American Chinese food to headaches, chills, and general sickness because of a growing animosity towards China at the time. The catch is that these correlations have never been proven to be anything legitimate, and the fact that MSG is actually found naturally in many foods like tomatoes and mushrooms, and not to mention in many American manufactured foods like Doritos and KFC.
Yet they spent years and years running ad after ad of Coke drinkers discovering Pepsi and loving it.
It was a major winter storm.
Thank you! While I understand not everyone likes -13 weather this +5 BS is so unnatural.
Go spend a night outside and tell me what you consider extreme cold
The only problem with the Rogue is that it’s getting a little long in the tooth. I owned a brand new 2014 fully loaded one and it was perfectly fine for what it did, but then again you shouldn’t expect anything more. I can’t think of anything in the segment that’s really any better or worse. Everything is about the same.
A shady massage parlour and tattoo shop is character?
I wish the government would mandate metric measurements for groceries at the very least. I hate using pounds and ounces. It’s so lazy and meaningless.
Well yeah that’s how you prime the booty hole
I don’t think there is any fast food establishment out there that has such little respect for its consumers than Tim Hortons. I admit, I don’t mind the coffee, and as a frequent decaf drinker I appreciate that theirs is always hot unlike McDonald’s. The food is just atrocious, complete garbage.
I find that ironic considering how much we damage our water streams and lakes with the insane amount of salt every season.
So a prevalence of sexual assaults on campus wasn’t enough for York, now they have sexual assault ambassadors so the entire city can experience it! Seriously, what a PR nightmare. Anything less than immediate termination would be a complete disgrace to every YorkU sexual assault victim.
He can’t, just talking out of his ass.
Complete idiot, I mean you really have to try and crash like this with an AWD car, doubly so with a BMW that will do so much to not make you crash. This guy was driving way too fast.
Yeah man how can you tell? Why just spread crap for no reason?
Okay, let’s not blow this out of proportion. There weren’t “a bunch”. There was one guy shit posting a thousand comments and one guy fairly questioning if the prof should be named and shamed before a legitimate investigation. Most people on there were criticizing the one poster defending the professor’s actions, and a couple of others saying what a shitty prof he is.
Poor little guy :( I hope you find him soon. Obligatory comment about leaving litter box outside. It’s not much but it can help. Best of luck
What a stupid reason not to buy a car lol
Hold on, but why does that matter? You’re not a true BMW owner unless you have a 440 or what?
&gt; If you’re driving like an asshole Yeah, hence trying to crash. This doofus had too much confidence in his car.
Oh god what? I mean I hardly went to that overpriced crap but jeeze...roaches? That’s disgusting.
Sounds like the article got the exact response it wanted to.
You know if this were an illegal grocery store or car dealership nobody would bat an eye for the TPS doing its job. But it’s about weed and suddenly it’s a huge waste of money and people should be fired.
This was done by the city, not TPS. But sure, tell us more how you would manage things.
How did you come to that conclusion? I’d love to see the math.
Just as someone who can do simple math and has a bit of common sense... $350,000 amounts to about...wait for it... 0.0025% of the city’s operating budget. I too wonder how the city could continue to function after such a drastic and irresponsible expenditure.
The article states that the picture was taken after the incident had occurred and the woman moved away from him. Or did I read that wrong? I’m not being sarcastic I’m just too lazy to reread it. If it’s made up then they’d be real stupid to use their accounts to make up a story as he could sue them up the ass for libel.
You’re comparing a corn stand of sorts to multiple locations of a marijuana dispensary bringing in millions a year?
Is there a law against suing poor people? You definitely can.
It is just a few people. This is one of the largest schools in Canada, yeah you’re going to have a few issues. I went there and I met a lot of great people, to be honest I’m not sure where these guys come from or why it happens mostly at York, but I’d say 99.99% of students are just there to get through school. A big part of it is the geographical location. It’s more or less deserted, crimes of opportunity are very prevalent and being a commuter school it’s very empty at night and it becomes a little unnerving. So it doesn’t surprise me, but I’m not sure why the school continues to just drag its feet at implementing any serious security standards at the expense of looking too “tough”.
Okay, no I didn’t but whatever. If you want to justify why an illegal store like this should exist while completely screwing over legitimate dispensaries go right ahead.
A zebra crossing would be nice. For me at least it’s very prevalent and makes it very obvious a crosswalk is present.
No they’re not chill
It's funny how people who "don't give a fuck" seem to make the biggest noise about the topics they claim to not give a fuck about. We get it, you don't like the royals, blah blah blah waste of money just don't comment and move on with your life
That’s some of the stupidest crap I’ve ever read. Meme on a gay porn channel...?
Jesus Christ we’ve lost our damn minds
What’s the point of this comment?
You play stupid games you win stupid prizes. Relax, nothing will happen to him. He’s still a raging dumbass.
You’re being sarcastic right?
As someone who lives in the suburbs I’d like to acknowledge the absurdity of this whole situation. And before anything, I do advocate for transit and try to use it whenever possible, especially in the city. But this is just BS. The entire model of the suburbs is built around the car. Every single household has a patch of driveway dedicated to at least two cars, not to mention a garage. 4-6 lane arterial roads dominate the area, and in between is nothing but a sea of homes where transit is virtually non-existent save for a community bus that comes every hour or so, and you’re lucky if it’s on time. Bike lanes are a complete joke, I mean who would want to bike on a road where drivers can easily hit 80-100 and aren’t used to seeing cyclists? And then we have the idiot minister of transport or whoever telling the people to “look into other options”, as if they even exist to a practical level. Maybe stop allowing this out of control building model of a sea of homes with nothing but roads, maybe stop widening roads to airport runway widths which make walking seem dangerous not to mention crossing a road, and then you’ll see people exploring different transportation methods.
No, the “this” refers to you being a smart ass and making smart ass comments towards something you clearly have no idea about. Let them do their jobs.
It’s not BS it’s quite a valid point. Your argument reeks of “I don’t use it, why should I pay for it” which is exactly what those idiots in America love to say about anything that’s shared or paid for by taxes. This isn’t about subsidies or whatever else, it’s just a way for Metrolinx to make more money.
Those college students who have a post secondary reduced fare? Hmm, I wonder who subsidizes those? Stop being so damn bitter Jesus lol, you’re acting as if you’re personally paying for what is still free parking. Did TTC fares drop when they introduced paid parking? No. Direct your anger somewhere else, or better yet don’t get so wound up, those people are just trying to make a living as well, nobody’s shitting in your Cheerios.
I seriously cannot believe what an incompetent bunch of morons Ford’s government is. How many times have they tried to implement idiotic and backwards legislation or policies only to be met with an absolute uproar of backlash? They’ve done nothing for the province other than tire us out from protests and strikes and giving us a taste of what Trump’s America is like. Of course, instead of trying to work and implement more bilingualism into Ontario where it is virtually non-existent, let’s cancel any initiative to do so, *because we’re saving you money folks!* only to implement it after wow! More backlash! Complete waste of time. And people vote for this nimrod.
I don’t know. Lol I’m not fuming but it’s irritating seeing this government achieve nearly nothing but having to continuously backtrack their decisions because of backlash. It’s clear they either have no clue or no care (probably both) of what Ontario really wants, save for some super rural communities up north where nothing happens anyway.
Yeah I’m wondering are these the same as the ones we already have? Some of the “new” trains are pushing a decade old.
Oh wow, a logical answer!
Yeah, why bother actually planning for the future when you can wait until everything has gone to complete shit instead, spend 5x more of a budget trying to desperately fix said problem and do a half ass job doing so. It is in the end, *the Ontario way*
Salami breath? Can’t remember his name
I was really happy to see how badly he fell in the industry. He thought he was the hottest shit around, completely untouchable. He would bad mouth other radio presenters at other stations like he was something to look up to and suddenly he couldn’t even hang on to a gig at an AM station. I hear he’s a part time host on a station either up north or out west, can’t remember.
Fords back on the cheeseburgers
TIL generating a reliable frequent rail service to cities around Toronto will make them suffer.
Oh it was Adrian! I just remembered
Typical media fear mongering bullshit. If you want to paint YorkU as a shady area at least report the location as YorkU when it actually happens on YorkU property. They could’ve very well said near Keele+Finch but no.
Same. Undergrad at York post grad at Rye High and I hated going to the campus.
Yeah. Congratulations. After going to Ryerson and U ofT and encountering crazies and crime in the area on a near daily basis York seemed like a great recluse to get away from all the downtown crap.
Does any reasonable person call Dundas Square Ryerson?
That’s the whole problem. It’s peoples perception shaped by the laziness of the media and just an ongoing stigma towards York being unsafe. In reality the Village is a completely separate entity full of private residences unofficially associated with York, just like Ryerson is unofficially unassociated with Dundas Square but does not face the same scrutiny whenever something happens there. As an aside, I’ve faced MUCH more “unique” situations at Ryerson than I ever did at dangerous dingy York.
&gt;The Village is a residential neighbourhood just beyond the south boundary of York University’s property. Residential dwellings in the Village are privately owned and York has no ownership or legal jurisdiction within this community. Many homes in the Village have been converted to “rooming houses” that do not comply with Provincial building and fire regulations and rooms are rented to anyone, not just students. Many owners do not live within the rooming houses that they own and may not be immediately available to tenants when issues arise. Please read About "The Village" for more information. Oh look I told you differently.
Forget it, it’s not worth explaining it for the millionth time
I'm not so sure that's true. I'm renting a 4 bedroom, fully detached 3 year old home in Aurora for $2500/month. I have a yard, two car garage, all day GO Train is a 5 minute drive away/10 minute YRT bus. What kind of shoebox does that get in Toronto? 1 + den? It still sucks living here, but I do enjoy more space, and a little seclusion from the city every now and then. (I'd still live in Toronto)
I also could not be happier for the existence of the Greenbelt as a developmental barrier. Had it not been for the protection, I'm sure the likes of Ford would've built up the entirety of the GTA so much so that it would be one concrete pad from Lake Ontario to Barrie. I also think it's a good thing people are starting to look into moving into outer cities in the Golden Horseshoe, namely KW, London, even greasy old Hamilton. Not because they shouldn't be allowed to live in Toronto, but I think over time these cities are going to get much needed investments and infrastructures built as a result. Especially Kitchener, I visited recently and I was really quite impressed with the LRT and the main downtown springing up. I'd definitely place it at the top of my list if I ever had to leave the GTA. And again, they also have all day GO Train.
lol
Hey thanks for that info. I’ve never seen them used here but I’m glad to know they’re illegal as to not expect one.
Well I’ll be dammed
Modern engines are nowhere near as pollutant as they were even 15 years ago, I think it would be more beneficial for people to keep their cars as long as financially possible before upgrading to the newest and greatest every two years. Excessive consumerism is catastrophic to the environment. I drive a diesel BMW, you bet I’m keeping it until the wheels fall off.
Better yet stop drinking this sugar water crap
Yeah fuck the economic centre of the nation! /s
Now about 120k. It’s a 2012, bought it three years ago with only 25k on the clock.
&gt;In 2013, he was number three on Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid comedians, and became the first comedian to get a Netflix stand-up special. He also won the Peabody Award and the International Emmy Award for Best Arts Programming for producing Hip-Hop Evolution. Doesn’t sound that one hit wonder to me. I never understood why the success of others made people so salty. Let the man be.
It’s an X5 so auto only. But it’s my commuter, I wouldn’t want a manual in traffic anyway.
Where the hell do you guys pull this from? I mean seriously as juvenile and plain stupid as the anti-police rhetoric is around here, some of you *seriously* believe that the police do nothing all day? I’ve spoken to plenty of YRP officers and during a normal shift they have anywhere from 15-20 non-emergency calls pending, and of course an emergency call takes priority. Where is the time for aimless street patrols? I think by far the biggest problem is ignorance.
You’re the one wasting your life trying to start useless Reddit arguments with a dumbass alt account. You lost before we even started, get a life
Yeah it’s super fucking annoying. Shut up already, nobody cares how “woke” you are. This is like Kony 2012 all over again.
Fuck.
And do what? Imprison everyone who came from Wuhan for half a month just in case? This place has 20 million inhabitants. I HIGHLY doubt he was the only person to come into Canada from Wuhan. You can’t possibly quarantine everyone just for the hell of it.
40* We’re a metric country damnit.
Who said we’re not asking? Screening questions are in operation.
What does bilingualism have to do with it lol?? We learn metric units in science, we use Celsius for weather, but I’m supposed to know what my temperature is in Fahrenheit just because the boomers can’t be bothered. Why we insist on continuing with this crap confuses me. We’re just as stubborn as America sometimes.
I understand your point but I think we should all focus on being 100% metric. I hate this dependency on the US for nearly everything. Using metric measurements for non common metric measurements would only leave North Americans confused, but the rest of the world has no problem doing so. I wish, at the very least that advertisements for produce is primarily in grams and kg, not pounds and ounces, but that’s just me.
The Chinese couldn’t give two shits about what Canada thinks or does to them lol. At this point it’s more beneficial to our economy to keep them happy, as unfortunate as that is.
Is it bad to think that’s kind of a silly question? I mean isn’t it entirely dependent on your driving history and also yes it’ll be quite a bit since it’s a Porsche?
The last brutal winter I remember was like in 2015. In 2017 I remember in February we had a day that reached 12 degrees or so, it was crazy.
&gt;If you're operating a transit fleet, having many different kinds of vehicles adds an awful lot of expense and decreases efficiency," Perks told CBC Toronto. &gt;For every type of vehicle that you see out on the street, we have to have a parts warehouse and a repair yard that specializes in that vehicle, as well as crews of people who are trained in maintaining that vehicle and a spare parts supplier," Gord Perks said. &gt;It makes sense to stay with one vehicle." Yet bus fleet are continuously made up of two or more models. It’s 200 Bombardier trains and 60 more from Alstom. I think we’ll be okay chief.
? What does this have to do with bombardier?
You really think the entirety of the GTA commutes into Toronto for their careers? Housing has priced so many out of the market, they have no choice but to commute in. Not everyone relies on the GO, many people work and live in York Region. Also, my municipality is home to one of the largest automotive parts manufacturers in the world, so business development is definitely not lacking.
That’s okay Captain Smartass, I’m sure you’ll be there to save him
This seems like a truly piss poor design. In case of emergency read this wall of text on an ambiguous panel above and away from the actual doors you’re trying to open.
Hah I’m sure the risk is LOW to someone in Vancouver, Yukon or St Johns, but what about the GTA?
Fair enough. I’m just tired of Bombardier’s BS. I’m all for supporting Canadian industry but it’s definitely not an attractive option.
“It’s absurd” lol it’s absurd to believe anything that comes out of this predator’s mouth.
No
LOL
I cannot (cannae?) believe how unbelievably gorgeous Edinburgh is. It was such a surprise when I visited it.
You mean the standard **3.65m** Canadian igloo home!
It’s like both sides realized their respective cars were garbage and just bought the safe one from there on out lol.
Bruh I’m from Romania and my grandparents were the same lol. It was just ignorance, nothing else. Interestingly enough the Romanians have a very high regard for the Chinese, mostly because of communism though.
“Droppin’ a Terry” sounds... interesting
Oh boy just quit while you can
I wish we could all band together and form an awareness campaign for how impersonal these bathrooms are and how little privacy they provide. I don’t get this North American obsession with having bathroom stall walls that are more like small partitions. Is privacy too much to ask for?
Calm down..
“Pride Toronto stands with BLM, who, on multiple occasions bulldozed our events and straight up harassed us until we for some reason met their demands of banning uniformed police officers because that’s how they solve their issues”
You make a good point, but we can’t realistically expect everyone not to muck up somewhere and cross contaminate. I know I have, but yeah definitely don’t be handling cash and food with the same glove.
No
I’m not denying any wrongdoing by the police against the black community and even the LGBTQ community over the years, especially in the 80s. However for years members of the Toronto police have attended and been included in the festivities without issue. There are many members of the police force who are also members of the gay community. It’s a sign of progress and a sign of peace. I’m really not sure what’s so wrong about that. Now these bullies came along, halted the parade and demanded the Pride coordinator sign their list or else the parade doesn’t proceed. What kind of crap is that? The coordinator even stated he signed it to keep the parade moving; it’s also been widely documented that what they staged was completely inappropriate and did absolutely nothing since the TPS were invited back years later. So what did they solve in the end? Nothing.
Well it’s just that I’d rather not support a group which prides (no pun intended) itself on “minor inconveniences” (read: throwing temper tantrums until their wants are met) as a way to resolve absolutely nothing but create noise. The TPS came back to the parade years later, so what was the point? We’re supposed to be advocating for inclusivity and progress not further divide.
You also failed to realize your article was from February 2016, months before the sit down occurred in the first place. And not to mention the article stated the group “will help lead” which implies they weren’t taking a 100% lead. So in other words they did nothing but throw a half assed protest to further divide the police and community only to have the decision reversed a few years later.
Well sure I’ll admit you got me there, an article from October 2018 stated they would welcome them back for the 2019 parade, but in all honesty this all that tells me personally is that they’re even more full of crap than I thought. I seriously find it just sad, I find it sad that so many people believe this is the only way forward, that for some reason the police not attending the parade is somehow the only way the community won’t feel oppressed.
Well this is exactly my point. Pride Toronto is not solely a BLM event, it may make a part of it but Pride represents the LGBTQ community as a whole. From what I’ve read from other posters the entire parade was created as a result of the tps bathhouse raids in the 80s. Having the police attend and be an inclusive part of the parade for so many years especially after what happened was a huge step forward and a massive sign of progress and peace. BLM did nothing but destroy that. Look there are plenty of news articles criticizing what they did and calling them bullies and too radical. I’m not the first and won’t be the last.
That’s some of the most tinfoily crap I’ve ever read lol. Whatever dude, I guess we’ll agree to disagree.
-BLM
It goes to show how strong the echo chamber is on Reddit sometimes. I didn’t say anything hateful against either groups, BLM was widely criticized for how they handled that event and how hypocritical it is to advocate unity when they themselves create divide. I’m not a TPS advocate, I’m not some bootlicker, I’ve had many issues with them over the years and fully acknowledge their abuse against the black community and others. But having their presence and welcoming them for years to Pride especially after what happened was a huge sign of progress and peace. BLM destroyed that. Ignorance is ignorance is ignorance. There are horrible cops, there are good cops, there are peaceful protesters, there are looters. Officers joining in on the peaceful protests was applauded all across this site, but by BLM TO standards they should have been shunned instead? Anyway, I’m done with this thread. Receiving straight up hate PMs attacking/threatening me over this is just ridiculous.
Except for the “fact” that they proved nothing. The article they sent was from **February** 2016. Pride happens in June. They may have agreed to BLM’s participation but I’m sure as hell they didn’t agree to a takeover that BLM orchestrated during the parade.
Never truly understood this. Mercedes is definitely seen as a premium brand in Europe as well, it’s not some Toyota competitor or something. They’ve just sold more “workhorse” type models to be used as taxis and what not, but a fully loaded Merc is a fully loaded Merc.
Yeah, was just thinking the same thing
Vector vs. Raster representation
I’m wondering is it pronounced “Lee-cop” or...”Lie-cop”
I lived in London last year for a few months (incredible experience). As extensive and reliable as the Tube was, the incredibly long history of the stations and tunnels does not allow for the fitment of air conditioning on the cars or even ventilation. There are many reasons to not like the TTC subway but I’ll never take a Tube train again when it’s 36C on-board. It was excruciating.
There’s nothing quite like badge whoring when you lease a base model4 cylinder Macan for $700/month $10k down and 12k annual mileage allowance. But you got a Porsche bro 😎😎
That’s not really saying much, but it doesn’t mean it’s still not a nice car. A well loved 996 would still grab my attention.
My point was that most people can’t afford a huge monthly payment but do it anyway.
It’s not broken, just sensitive (like me /s)
That was a great read
Jesus you’re as stubborn as a mule. It was a joke, I pulled those numbers out of my ass, they’re completely arbitrary; the entire point was that some people tend to lease high end cars with terrible finances and receive a terrible deal as well only for the badge and to show off, why is that so difficult for you to comprehend? Obviously if people can afford it go right ahead, but anyone with half a brain can look at some of those lease deals and realize how bad they are. Why anyone would be jealous of that is your problem not mine.
I understand you’re concerned about their wellbeing and I appreciate that, but completely taking over a park and littering it with needles and other garbage is unacceptable too.
The panera also recently closed there. I’m hoping for a Krispy Kreme Renaissance
Those donuts are anything but meh. The original classic glazed are the best ones. Tim Hortons can eat my ass.
Yeah, those overly sweet diabetic coma inducing cinnamon rolls completely doused in layers of various forms of liquid sugar are so much better...
That’s some fresh BS from Johns Hopkins of all places. Kind of makes you wonder doesn’t it.
Well, no it’s not a guarantee. But it is incredibly hypocritical to say it’s okay to protest but not okay to sit in a park.
I've always found that comparing parking tickets of all things to fare evasion on the TTC is just a projection of some deep rooted resentment against those who have the "luxury" of driving in the city. They're not the same thing at all, they don't offer the same service whatsoever, why even make the comparison? Parking fines vary greatly in cost. You pay $30 regardless if you paid for $7.50 of parking or $0.75 of it. They're out like hounds during rush hour to slap any car with a $150 on the rush hour routes. Handicapped parking runs a $450 for not displaying a permit. There is also the idea of what you're "stealing". Sure, parking is a service, but it literally is paying for the luxury of occupying a spot of asphalt for your car. I mean is it that expensive to maintain? Especially on street parking? Versus the millions it costs the TTC yearly to run? I think you should prioritize your blame towards the assholes who refuse to pay.
Yeah, outdoor transmission is unlikely when you’re not in close proximity with someone. Protests like these are volatile, social distancing can be very difficult, nothing is guaranteed, but yet a blind eye is turned. I have an issue that many people and officials criticizing those for gatherings and whatever else are now undoubtedly giving the protests a pass as its “important”. In the end what are the restrictions really about?
Not this time no, but don’t stray from the narrative here or else your ass is gone.
Yeah throw a brick through a small business window that’ll show em!
Where their priorities lay, what their agendas are. Public gatherings have been discouraged for so long yet now it’s okay because it’s a protest?
Are you 14 years old? Am I incapable of having an opinion or merely questioning a decision because god forbid someone challenge the doctor from Harvard..? I’m sorry but a protest against systemic racism, while important and encouraged, should not supersede an unprecedented viral pandemic that is killing people, especially when the manner of protesting is something that was widely discouraged a few weeks ago (large gatherings).
And lo and behold, he took full responsibility, apologized, didn’t bullshit or beat around the bush and the world moved on. Funny how simple it is. I’m not too crazy about him but I’ll definitely agree that he’s a respectable man.
Black face has its origins in mocking plantation slaves and just general insensitivity and racism. It is also just offensive to take someone’s culture and reduce it to a fun Halloween costume, especially when it’s a minority culture.
Injustice only occurs in black communities?
Definitely true as well. That being said, it’s just a sign of progression and strive for equality. If you want to embrace a culture, it’s best to treat it equally and not just take the piss out of it and treat it like your party theme. You’ll never see it as equal, and maybe it’s not equal in a power aspect, but it still deserves respect. I myself went as a “Mexican cowboy” as a kid and obviously never realized it was wrong, but looking back if someone went haphazardly dressed as someone from my ethnicity I’d probably feel not too great.
I mean I hope from your own sake your move to Canada isn’t based on the PM; even our Conservative party prime ministers are still fairly progressive and not totally bone headed with religion and homophobia. In short, and speaking from my own opinion, I appreciate that he placed Canada on the map once again, and showed that we can be an independent nation that doesn’t need to hold America’s hand in everything. Although I don’t partake in marijuana consumption I’m glad we have the choice as Canadians. All these BS issues like same-sex marriage, climate change, gender equality, refugee crisis, all things that have fairly clear and obvious answers other countries get hung up on, I feel that Canada has been leading on and doing well on. That’s definitely not to say we can’t do better, and have faced obstacles on the provincial level with more stubborn premiers who are more concerned with their own face value than solving real issues. On the downsides, I feel like he’s a bit too left leaning sometimes and it can come across as a little ridiculous. He made a complete fool of himself during a trip to India by trying ridiculously hard to blend into the culture. I guess it was well intentioned but my god was it cringe. Then comes the terrorist stuff, he’s great on welcoming Syrian refugees but when it comes to welcoming terrorists it’s too far from me. He believes “former” ISIS members can be successfully reintegrated into society and deserve a second chance. Tall order if you ask me, many countries just revoke their passports and we should be doing the same. I’m not sure if this is still going on, but it was at one point and I strongly disagreed with it. In any case, I’d strongly recommend your move to here. With all the crap going on in the world I’m starting more and more to believe we live in one of the best countries considering the relative peace and harmony.
Nice to hear man! And if it makes any difference I absolutely love visiting the US, although we share many similarities I always marvel at the differences, I love some of the things you guys have in America, the Pacific Coast Highway was breathtakingly beautiful and I genuinely enjoy every trip i take to the US. Even when it comes down to visiting major cities, seeing them in movies and TV shows is one thing, but being in them and experiencing them first hand and what they offer is just exhilarating. NYC always feels like the centre of the world to me. Also, I’d recommend your next visit to Canada not include Canada’s third most dangerous city haha.
If you’re going to completely ignite the fact that nobody gave two shits back then, sure. What do you want him to do?
Taking the piss out of someone’s heritage/culture is fine?
Wouldn’t recommend? Not really, I’m not even overly familiar with that area but I know Thunder Bay isn’t good news; However, if hiking/trails are your thing, the entire Niagara-on-the-lake region is quite picturesque and easily doable as a quick hop over the border day trip. And it’s a very nice region, not run down at all. If you can make it up to Hamilton, about an hour from the border you’ll find not only trails but beautiful water falls as well. The city itself is a little bit of a weird place, wouldn’t recommend seeing it but the area around it is really quite nice. Hell, even Toronto has great trails available, lots of green space and expansive parks, including a huge national park right on its edge.
Also forgot that the Toronto “squad” cars have slim LED light bars on top, a luxury not yet afforded by the TPS.
“muscle” , “back” roller Ya bud sure ;)
Dude you can downvote all you like but you’re getting absolutely no where. I’m not the deciding factor here when it comes to these things; I’m a white guy from Canada, but I sympathize when someone’s culture is made a mockery of. That’s what Halloween is about in the end, you’re not going to tell me every girl who dresses as Pocahontas or dude who dresses as some Native American chief did so after strenuous research and admiration for the culture. And what’s this about jeans and bikinis? That’s such a false equivalency that proves nothing. Jeans and bikinis are normalized the world over, they’re a fashion piece they’re marketed as such and encouraged to be bought. The hell are you on about lol...you’re telling me you can’t see the difference between wearing an Italian suite and a turban? And intentionality? Oh wow everything is okay *as long as you have the right intentions*. Oh boy.
u/bucajack this is why these laws exist. Because people like this exist. Why are you going to such extreme lengths to prove a point here? Why do you have to make out like every responsible person who wants to enjoy an alcoholic beverage in public is of course going to end up a raging alcoholic costing your precious tax dollars up the roof?
No it didn’t. Your comment painted the consequences of excessive alcohol consumption leading to hospitalization and a detriment to society. I hardly drink. If I have more than a beer every two weeks it’s plenty. That doesn’t mean I shouldn’t be allowed to have the liberty to enjoy it in public responsibly because nanny staters (or trolls) like you have an agenda, or some idiots can’t handle themselves. If anything the real heavy drinkers (ones that end up in hospitals) could not care less about public drinking laws and do so anyway. But something tells me you wouldn’t dare say the same about cannabis use.
You should base yourself in reality and realize those who are financially disadvantaged tend to eat unhealthy food more often as it’s cheaper. You’re only hurting the ones who would need those taxes the most.
I still don’t see how. I have a Golf and a Tiguan, had a Jetta and Passat in the past, changed my tires every season, used the pinch welds and never had an issue.
And clearly you haven’t.
Never understood this argument. What will defunding do? Magically make them become more resourceful? Make better use of their time?
My sauerkraut source in Canada comes from a air tight sealed jar from Germany. It’s delicious, I’m sure you can kind decent sauerkraut in the US too.
I was going to actually thank you for taking the time to type this out and making some good points that I agree with, even though I don’t agree with taking a school resource officer (if that’s what you meant) out of schools as seeing the police as a positive role model can do wonders for the entire issue. Alienation is never the answer, we want these two groups working together, not against each other and full of resentment and hatred. I might also remind you that Reddit is not a peer reviewed, highly prestigious scientific journal where only those with the highest of credentials are allowed to comment. I’m sure you’re aware of AskReddit which exists here, and that it may actually be informative to get answers from a wider breadth of sources that are even more up to date. I wasn’t being a troll, I was simply saying I didn’t understand an argument. So instead of preaching your holier than thou bullshit you can cut to the chase and leave out the rest next time. Thanks.
Why aren’t quads equipped with turn signals in Canada like they are in the rest of the world? Seems like they’d be useful.
I know I shouldn’t laugh at your misfortunes of being with an insane person but your answering machine physically breaking is just hilarious.
You have to have realistic expectations of what happens when you place these signs up. Even on the Toronto website it states that it isn’t illegal to drive down these streets, merely that it should discourage motorists from doing so and find an alternate route. You can’t expect only local residents to use these routes, but you should encourage it. These are good because they act as active and passive speed inhibitors. I drove down these roads and was much more careful knowing I had to share the road with other users. Not that hard.
You’re seriously asking me if I’d rather have someone realize their wrong doings and be better than just continue on a path of irresponsibility and arrogance? Yes? I would? Did I get that right? And please just stop replying, it’s been a day, I really don’t care to have arguments anymore.
Yeah I read that comment and don’t really understand what they expect the police to do. As of now, she’s not been charged with anything or wanted in connection with any investigation. Obviously I know she’s a reprehensible sack of shit who committed horrific crimes against children but without any formal allegations or a warrant they can’t do anything ...
I have to offer you a word of advice here; stay based in reality and inform yourself of how these types of legal proceedings occur and why they do. You can’t direct the police to investigate a matter just because you want them to, without any form of evidence other than seeing lights on in a property that is somehow linked to her. Like it or not, it’s illegal for them to do, the police can’t go around knocking on people’s doors and telling you who lives there. I mean on top of the previously mentioned illegality of it, it’s also a huge invasion of privacy. So I’m not sure what you’re really expecting here. Secondly, yes, this is above their pay grade in the sense of she is under the radar of far more powerful investigators from what I can assume are a very wide breadth of police organizations around the world. We all know she’s guilty, but as of right now it’s still circumstantial evidence and must be proven. You can’t throw “innocent” people in jail. I’m beyond sure that she is being investigated, evidence is being gathered and at the right moment she will be hunted and destroyed by the legal system. Lastly, I think you really should tread lightly when it comes to things like this. It’s obvious how volatile the entire situation is, and you probably don’t want to attract negative attention. Just be safe about it.
There is a major difference between an accusation and an actual conviction. I understand everyone has seen the Epstein documentary painting her into the monster she undoubtedly is. However, if they are too quick to arrest her there can be major flaws in their proceedings and if she has a good enough defender, can easily get her off the hook for many of her crimes. Building a case of this magnitude takes a lot of time, especially considering Epstein is now dead. It’s a major setback in her own prosecution. If you can imagine they’re still combing through all the Epstein stuff, the evidence against her will take even longer. That being said, she is under federal investigation.
There is an investigation and it isn’t secret; the local police are really only involved if she commits a crime while (supposedly) there in their own vicinity. You can’t possibly expect a local police unit to have the capacity to investigate such a major case like this. I’m not sure what we’re expecting here. If she were to abuse children while there, or an accusation came forth, then yes it’s the job of the police to immediately investigate, but expecting them to “verify” who lives there because of some lone vigilante is unrealistic.
Yup, you’ll actually see much more of this even north of the city throughout York Region too. Lots of intersections are undergoing “jog eliminations” to get rid of the annoying habit of driving along a perpendicular road in order to realign and continue on the road you were originally on.
Except this is not a “well being” check. This guy straight up wanted the police to verify who lived there and inform him afterwards, which is just a huge no-no.
Very well put.
Dropped pin Near 3001-3527 Vandorf Sideroad, Whitchurch-Stouffville, ON L4A 7X5 https://goo.gl/maps/9JKEqwT112gWyGPB8 That’s what I mean, that road continues on in both directions but you have to realign yourself with the road that cuts through it. Nowadays they’re curving one end of the road to line up properly with the other
The 905 is in the GTHA...yeah, all you virgin torontonian souls would never do any wrong, it’s just 905ers who drive 1 hour to get to a filthy overcrowded park lol.
I mean it can serve that purpose too which is actually a good idea now that I think of it, but a roundabout or even traffic light would do the same.
Gah I miss that show. It was borderline therapeutic.
Yeah. Tends to happen when your province is the size of a small country lol.
I don’t understand your point...
‘18 Tiguan here. Same thing, something about navigation and media is through smartphone. I agree, really dumbs down the system
Ah man. I’m actually really jealous of this. I’ve always seen this car as a no nonsense sleeper (sort of) with the quintessential DSG burps. I’ve always been a little concerned with the option lists, would’ve liked real leather and maybe blind spot monitoring? Have you ever felt it was missing some stuff or? In any way congrats, still love these, still love that VR6
Ah, good to hear. I’m thinking of picking one up but they really are super rare.
My goodness me the sheer audacity of pronouncing an extra syllable!
It was philosophers stone in Canada.
My entire family is like this. It’s fucking ruining my relationship with my own girlfriend because she says I don’t stand up to their crap enough. Go figure. I just want to lead a peaceful life and not constantly bicker back and forth. Oh and the best part? We live in Canada lol.
Yeah, making a real difference is arguing until you’re blue in the face only to have the same arguments two days later. Such a privileged life I lead! I especially love your post about calling for violent anti-trump protests because one way to really help your cause is violence. Through history, always a proven method to really get the message across and to get people on your side. Hate fuels hate you hypocrite.
No doubt about that! Our geographic proximity isn’t helping either at this point, seeing confederate flags flying around Ontario and Quebec is just absurd. Not to mention Alberta as well. We’re becoming America Lite and it seems that too many people are okay with that because we have socialized healthcare.
100% agreed. I can’t stand these people who guilt trip you into not doing anything for their cause. Yes I care, I’m aware of these issues and I’ve changed things in my life in the most practical sense possible, but don’t shove this propagandist BS in my face that if I’m not part of a highway shutdown I don’t care.
Don’t feel mine man it’s full of lead.
I used to live across the street from the razor :(
I have a lot of respect for people who adopt older cats. Good on your partner.
I mean, Pearson is at the near epicentre of the 401. The 407 and 427 are nearby, as is the 400. These trucks aren't going to be using side streets to get to Whitby lol.
Look I'm sorry but you have to admit to yourself at one point that the "answer" here isn't a few small paragraphs written on Reddit of all places. Many major cities around the world have 2+ major airports serving them, Pearson cannot physically expand in any direction as it is obviously surrounded by development. If you're looking to add 30 mil pax/year you need to also compensate for travel to/from airport and the added strain on the already catastrophic 401 and other limited transportation methods. We can't survive on one major arterial road network and expect it to suffice forever. I'm beginning to think it's more about you not wanting a giant airport in your backyard and are therefore deflecting to other ideas. But airports aren't planned for the next 5 years of use, an airport will be used for decades upwards of a century, long after these farmers are dead and with them their concerns. We need to stop being so self-centred and only support ideas/infrastructure that works for only our immediate needs. It's infuriating.
You’re right, don’t bother coming.
Please the preferred nomenclature is tito/tita
A dealer plate means next to nothing, why even bother. My last car had a Brampton dealer plate, I don’t live in Brampton, it’s just where I managed to get a better deal.
My main gripe with the VIVA ones is that they should’ve just bit the bullet and turned it into an LRT, at least with some lines. Much faster and quieter, much more encouraging to ride. The main issue of encouraging transit has still not been addressed correctly. The stations are not friendly, they are gigantic glass structures which seem more concerned with form over function. Located in the middle of the road requiring pedestrians to cross the behemoth that is Highway 7 to board a slow, noisy diesel bus at over $4 a ride is just lost on me. But hey at least they’re heated.
Yeah, but the thought process should’ve been to establish a master plan that does not favour this unsustainable 1950s nuclear family crap anymore but actually gives people options. The vast majority of people in York Region live in a house; where you have a little plot of asphalt to store your car, not to mention a garage, roads that lead to bigger roads, which lead to airport sized plazas where you can park said car and shop. And they think that throwing in a fancy bus system and some bike lanes here and there will change things? LOL. How about changing how these idiotic subdivisions are built? Incorporating community shops that you can actually walk to without meandering in between cars in a giant parking lot on a 1 metre width sidewalk? I’m sick and tired of them doing the same thing over and over and over again. Enough with the “Smart” Plazas already.
Yeah well I’ve been reading that for the past 12 years lol. I’ll believe it when it happens.
But that’s just the thing. The most horrendous part of Viva Blue (Newmarket-Finch) is along Yonge south of Highway 7 where those bus lanes don’t exist. It’s also ludicrously expensive for what it is. I truly hope more people use transit but they need to actually incentivize it better and not make the designs of our cities so car centric.
Elmo after suffering explosive decompression
Next time keep a look out for my Passat :(
Just as an FYI, Muzzo did not get released because he was wealthy, but because that's how it works; after you serve 1/3 of your sentence you're allowed to be potentially granted parole
It’s not murder.
It just surprises me that so many people share this sentiment yet have we seen any actual instances of people committing murder via car? This entire thread is also quite disturbing seeing people describing different scenarios of pain and anguish for that driver.
Okay, whatever you say!
If he murdered 10 people you really think we’d be celebrating his life and admiring him?
What is the purpose of a gun other than to injure or kill? You use a gun with this intention. When you drive a car it’s not necessarily a weapon.
Thinking of cars as “giant murder machines” is just ridiculous. Even more than comparing using a car to using a gun. It’s such a false equivalency it blows my mind.
I mean the one in the picture is practically brand new lol.
I’d say the bigger issue is that this entire deal took **13 fucking years and counting**. Seriously are the courts this incompetent?? There isn’t anything inherently wrong with a suspension with pay, especially for a police officer but this is just ludicrous.
Do you have the Scholastic version or something? It was the Philosopher’s Stone officially in Canada and the UK, only in the US was it Sorcerer’s.
Is it perhaps that drinking culture in the UK as a whole is on another level compared to Canada? Or what exactly makes us pussies here?
Considering I find most of their radio presenters insufferable I don’t mind.
I mean you don’t see how that possibly could go wrong?
They gave Muzzo the highest sentencing possible...
You honestly expect people to still be holed up at home?
Okay tough guy. It’s going to be 49 degrees in Death Valley on Tuesday, I guess we can’t say today is hot and complain about it lol.
Unless you live in Canada, where they have completely rusted out. https://static.carthrottle.com/workspace/uploads/comments/2015/06/mazda3-55881bc1a1199.jpg
This idea is just a complete dumpster fire waiting to happen. There are far too many variables to consider to correctly place the blame on someone like that, short of them literally coughing into someone’s face which of course would be assault.
This may be a dumb question but is salt used prevalently in the Netherlands on the roads? In Canada it’s used so, so often and in copious amounts. It’s near impossible to have a car more than 5 years old without the beginnings of rust..
You’re talking about two separate things now. Dispersing your nasal droplets by breathing and infecting someone isn’t aggravated assault lol. If I go out while I have a cold and infect someone does that mean I should get charged? And this is obviously before any practical legal proceedings that would see such a ridiculous charge thrown out. The laws exist in the emergency declarations that the various levels of governments have adopted in order to prevent the spread; symptoms or no symptoms you can still be spreading the virus and therefore we all need to take a sense of responsibility.
Seems to be cooking off after Tuesday or so.
There’s always a “one upper” in these types of threads isn’t there lol.
They gave him the longest possible sentence...how did he get off easy?
Good for you
Damn it lol ...cooling*
Yeah man 15 years will do that lol.
That’s one of the best things about TPB. Two full out gay characters in a trailer park in rural Canada and nobody gave two shits. Great show, too bad about John Dunsworth though.
Fuck off Cyrus
The closet is strong with this one
But god forbid if they’re 905ers then it’s totally okay! The bane of Toronto’s existence are 905ers according to this place.
Okay relax
Yeah you lol
2 metres damn it. Why is it so hard to use metric measurements....
Christ. I thought it was bad enough I went to school with the Yonge St asshat but I’m ashamed to admit I went to school with this dumbass too.
I don’t think the system is broken, but this evil bitch definitely is. These articles highlight the extreme cases, plenty of other people drive drunk and face consequences and learn from them.
Yeah, another extreme case. You’re proving my point here.
Those people could pull what they pulled if they got 5 weeks in jail or 5 years. I’m not so sure what your articles prove other than people who break the law shockingly continue to do so.
You mean people shouldn’t be driving drunk or what? Yeah no kidding.
The van attack guy. I’m not repeating his reprehensible name.
I agree with what you’re saying in theory but there are so many practical hurdles that many people on here don’t acknowledge or consider and instead falsely criticize the entire system as a “failure”. First degree murder carries a life sentence with no parole for 25 years but there is still plenty of murdering going around is there not? But sure, we’re talking about drunk drivers not murderers here.. For me personally, I’m hopefully much closer to driving drunk than committing first degree murder, and I feel the vast majority of people are in the same boat. So I’m thinking even if I do drive drunk and get caught, the immediate thought would be the shame I’d face from my family, friends, peers, etc. The consequences I’d face from my jobs, increased insurance, etc. This is even before fines and jail time. The point being the “punishment” extends past a judicial one here. And don’t forget this is just drunk driving, not impaired driving and injuring someone. Then comes the sense that our jails aren’t an endless commodity with an extensive budget where we can house everyone. Offering day parole and full parole is just a different method of punishment, and I believe far too many people leave their emotions in the way and won’t accept nothing short of 4 concrete walls for decades as a suitable sentence.
Her I don’t remember really, i think she was younger than me, but I know I don’t remember her positively , kind of a trouble maker. Him he was in the special ed class, he was definitely suffering from some form of autism/aspergers, had some weird tendencies like meowing at people in the hallway, but never seemed violent or anything like that. In fact he was fairly well liked.
Can’t imagine why pedestrians don’t always have right of way at crosswalks, it’s absolutely absurd. But hey I guess the convenience of not having to slow down is worth more than the safety of pedestrians.
Or you could demand people just not make bad decisions and that would work too, but no it’s always someone else’s fault.
There’s no sense of personal responsibility anymore is there?
You’re very, very naive in thinking that homelessness is only a huge problem in Toronto. I mean have you been to Hamilton? London? Niagara? Ottawa? Don’t be so dramatic.
Nothing. I suggest the addicted/those living in those tents make better decisions in their own lives. The focus has been far too long on the city not doing enough, because apparently we’re all entitled to a safety net in life if we do nothing but make terrible decisions.
He didn’t murder anybody. He’s not out, he’s on day parole. Any felony committed is treated the same, 1/3 of the sentence is served and then conditional releases are considered. You’re not a free man under parole. I wouldn’t consider merely being able to be in my house and having to constantly check in with an officer, living with day-to-day restrictions, saying goodbye to any travel as “living”. This place really needs an education on the judicial system, but I’m glad it represents a small minority of the population.
Okay well you’re still incorrect in terms of the law but sure.
Absolutely agree. It’s pathetic where I live that they’re trying to encourage bike riding by painting a line on the road and calling it a bike lane while cars fly by at 70+. I’ve started to see no right on red signs even in York Region which was like unheard of even a few months ago, but the province should really mandate pedestrians always have right of way at crosswalks. I mean I was at a park in Oakville last weekend; the pedestrian pathway in the park that crossed a small road still didn’t have right of way, what the hell where they thinking? Families and kids can’t have peace of mind because god forbid the cars stop every now and then??
Haha that was exactly the intersection I was thinking of too. There are a few schools in the area; I’m glad it’s there, more intersections should take this approach. York Region (and others) need to eliminate this crap urban sprawl development that does nothing but favour the car. Enough is enough. But they won’t, because it makes them too much money.
So would their grammar teacher Christ
I understand the point of “opening the window”, but there is something more serene about closing all the windows, being isolated from all the outside noise and just enjoying peace in your house. And I genuinely enjoy not using the AC but sometimes it’s just needed. That and not having to suffer an unbearable few weeks in the summer that are inevitably going to become more prominent as the climate changes.
Where’s your damn proof.
Using Fahrenheit is the dumbest fucking thing we do as Canadians. I can almost excuse using feet/inches because of Merica but for crying out loud stop taking your damn temperatures in Fahrenheit. Tim Hortons has a sign stating not to enter if your body temp is higher than 98 and it just felt stupid as hell. 38C, there you go.
It’s all the boomers who use Fahrenheit and feet/inches like it’s nothing. I don’t know why the government just doesn’t mandate all packaging/advertisements must be predominantly metric. I’m tired of buying produce by the pound at one place and by the gram/kilo at another. If we’re metric then let’s be metric damn it.
I mean even in Europe sometimes which is 99% metric you’ll find imperial measurements. TV sizes and car rims are still measured in inches even there.
I hope you don’t get tired of the idiotic transmission and the underpowered wheeze fest of an engine, otherwise it’s a great car. I still like mine despite all of that.
I think the ovens are just sold as a North American model and nobody bothers changing the numbers.
This is terrifying. Look at that Cailou looking motherfucker on the right smh he’s gonna haunt my dreams.
Believe it or not conditional releases are mandatory in Canada. Because he’s not in a physical jail does not mean he’s not serving a sentence. It is what it is, and “good behaviour” does not entail just sitting around not causing trouble. Everyone here seems to think the obvious solution is to throw everyone and anyone who does such a thing in jail forever, but they also have the luxury of forgetting about it after two weeks. Our prisons aren’t a bottomless commodity available for every single citizen of the country. He was more realistically let out because he doesn’t pose a violent threat to the public and he had served 2/3 of his sentence behind bars. He was reviewed before a parole board and released on some (probably) very strict conditions. I wouldn’t call that “free” but that’s just me. Though I do understand being rich probably helps in some aspects of being at home.
That’s good to hear honestly, never liked using teaspoons/tablespoons/cups, always seemed too ambiguous.
It would be great if more and more people understood even the basics of the judicial system. Every time something like this comes up there's a lot of outrage and not a lot of knowledge.
Again, parole does not make you a free person.
*now tell us how the magnets work*
Second cyclist...? She was caught driving impaired again, I don’t think she killed anyone.
Don’t you wanna call your buddy first you greedy shit?
Take that with a grain of salt. They’re not going to send you a $5 fine for going 51 in a 50 zone. They’re also probably not going to flat out admit that they have a tolerance of “error” too.
Lol my dad once told one of these rats that our house was 50,000 sq ft. and the guy on the phone told my dad to kill himself.
No, hopefully a software update for the transmission but even that’s unlikely.
There’s nothing wrong with those wood posts. They’re used quite commonly and without issue. My only complaint is that I think they just look aesthetically cheap.
Oxymandias did my man Hank dirty get outta here.
Send me $5 and I’ll gladly find out for you lol
I wouldn’t bother anymore if I were you. Reddit is an echo chamber and nothing short of fantasy sentences with completely arbitrary punishments will do. I really wished the education system focused more on the workings of the judicial system. But it’s probably in their best interest to keep everyone dumb about it.
Yeah who says they haven’t? That 600% increase in stunt driving figure came from somewhere.
You honestly expect them to tell you “hey, actually the “real” limit is around 8 km/h past the limit so don’t worry”? You’re either speeding or not speeding but that doesn’t mean there isn’t some margin of error built in. They’re not 100% correct and neither are most speedometers. I’d expect around a 10-15% margin of allowance here.
I can’t stand people like you buddy sorry. They had like 4 months of trial runs, there is signage everywhere warning you of a speed camera, you’re in a school zone where you shouldn’t be speeding anyway, they are barely any in the city but no.. “ItS A cAsH grAb fUcK tHaT!1!1” I’m sorry but fuck that. Slow down and you’ll be fine, what’s so hard about that.
Good. And we can blame those fart can dipshits for them too.
Then you should have no issues here either, unless you’re making assumptions. This is a good thing, Toronto and Canada as a whole have been so backwards in any form of speed enforcement technology but we scream outrage anytime we see someone speeding excessively. What’s the solution here then?
Last cruise I went on had plenty of Filipinos as well as many Romanians as the “help”, even some white South Africans, so let’s try not to generalize too much.
I was talking about your assumption that only whites are visible to the passengers and they keep the POCs below deck, it’s just BS. I’ve been on nearly 10 cruises on multiple companies and have seen a wide array of crew from all over the world both in senior positions and down below deck. And the entire tourist industry is a microcosm of global capitalism and lastly Romania is a highly developed nation which has been a member of the European Union for well over a decade.
Keep in mind that we’re all going to die anyway.
Yes it was
I thought Italy’s cinque terre was magnificent until I saw what Highway 1 offered, absolutely magnificent. One of my most memorable trips with my girlfriend with a convertible driving the entire length of it.
&gt;people in Toronto don’t drive Lol
People can be incredibly self centred. Not necessarily a bad thing, but when you generalize you don’t tend to think about anyone outside your socio-economic bubble.
There is a major difference in saying people in Toronto don’t drive and lots of people cycle. Looking at a basic StatCan report the vast majority of people are still driving, followed by public transit. Cycling still remains low, however the general consensus is that people aren’t as reliant on their cars anymore, which I guess is a good thing.
Well according to StatCan it seems 2x people drive in Toronto to their workplace also in Toronto compared to those who take transit so I don’t know what to tell you.
[Knock yourself out genius](https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2016/dp-pd/dt-td/Rp-eng.cfm?TABID=2&amp;LANG=E&amp;APATH=3&amp;DETAIL=0&amp;DIM=3&amp;FL=A&amp;FREE=0&amp;GC=0&amp;GK=0&amp;GRP=1&amp;PID=111333&amp;PRID=10&amp;PTYPE=109445&amp;S=0&amp;SHOWALL=0&amp;SUB=0&amp;Temporal=2017&amp;THEME=125&amp;VID=27653&amp;VNAMEE=&amp;VNAMEF=)
Oh gosh darn it
We see a lot of that influence in Toronto; which is why it gets consistently rated as a very livable city. You’d think we’d apply the same design characteristics to the rest of the GTA but no, we’ve got a hard on for American Midwest idiotic sprawl instead.
It’s literally right there in the chart, I don’t know what to tell you. Too proud to admit you were wrong or what?
Meth Coast* /s
Yeah even our Ferraris have maple leafs on them instead of the prancing horse!
God damn it this took me way too long.
Not trying to diminish the importance here but the NASCAR “noose” turned out to be a garage pull handle, I can imagine makeshift handles to be more common in a construction site of all things; how can we be certain this was in fact a racist message?
Yeah absolutely, I’d rather just see better use of space honestly. I don’t mind houses, but make more community shops, make the roads narrower, throw in a low rise with street level retail and encourage people to actually discover their own neighbourhoods and not the corporate garbage that is a “smart” centre.
I really wasn’t, but I’m guessing with finger pointers like you around quick to judge I should’ve known better than to ask. Guess what, I don’t work in construction, I have no idea what the industry is like. NASCAR as an organization is widely popular with the Deep South where this sort of garbage comes from yet they’ve consistently proven to be one of the most progressive organizations around in terms of advocating for equality. So clearly things aren’t always as they seem and you don’t have to automatically pool me in with trying to silence the movement just because I dare have questions or god forbid a doubt.
It’s always so shady of the city to continue to accept payments even though they’ve stated on street parking is free; like they’re praying on the village idiot to continue paying. Especially when it comes to encouraging retail consumption when people are strapped for cash. Don’t shit on your own residents like this.
Another shitty plug for Burgers Priest is that their customer service is trash. I wanted to refund a cold burger made incorrectly after waiting 25 mins for because of a lost order. Their CS guy couldn’t give two shits and completely lied about sending a gift card to make up for the hassle.
I mean I’d rather not get heat stroke but sure. Wait until you hear about how the TTC idle their buses over night.
