Refs screwing Buffalo even when the game's between the Bengals and Ravens...
Gym Shortz drank the champaign tho
Ya, rip Rose, Deng, and Noah. They felt the wrath of thibs
Screaming probably gives him PTSD of Thibs screaming "ICE ICE ICE"
Double pg lineup with Ish and George Hill would be nice. Ish can be the primary ball handler and Hill can play more off ball and take over pg when need be
If you guys wanted to know what Shaquille O'neal would look like posting up on a twig small ball center like Thon Maker, you just witnessed it
Their bench sucks but it doesnt help that Thibs doesnt know how to stagger his starters. He goes with full straight out bench units
Look Tyrod is better than Peterman but that whole decision has made nfl fans convinced that Tyrod's actually a good qb...
Tyrod should get a bunch of easy throws to Shady that go no where and get up to 60+% comp so the fans that didnt watch the game can say Tyrod played well and doesnt deserve playing for a shit team and ungrateful fan base
Its about the throws he doesnt make...
McCoy is literally our entire offense
His receiving corps sucks but Tyrod is a huge part of the problem in the pass protect. He has the slowest release time of any starter in the nfl and is constantly running outside the pocket
Canadians will back me up on this...If an athlete/player does an interview with Cabbie, Im pretty sure the first thing they do is ask their agent "wtf man"
Ya, hes a quirky crazy Canadian guy that interviews for one of the networks up here. I often get cringe from Cabbie interviews but the dude is a national treasure by producing some great moments and interviews. Hes like an outgoing Nathan Fielder or more subdued Eric Andre. He intentionally makes his interviewees uncomfortable with his antics (and myself many a times) but you gotta love the off the cuff non cookie cutter stuff you get from most guys
Hes if Nathan Fielder and Eric Andre had a baby
Ya, you are right. What I should clarify is, hes got enough to make quick moves and be a great piece in a unit but doesnt have the offensive skills to be the focal point of said unit like a Brolo, Embiid, Boogie, MarcG etc. But I know Im fine with it. I have a bball opinion that offense should be run through guards and agile point forwards not slow post up centers
Do you live under a rock?
I just dont understand how people can trash a rookie for one half of football or one half in any sport. Just ridiculous. Especially considering he played well in pre-season and some garbage time this year too. People have completely dismissed him as a player because of one half of a game. And 3/5 of the picks werent even his fault either
Maybe overblown is the word Im looking for. A rookie shouldnt be trashed and thrown to the trash bin over one half in which 3 picks werent even his fault.
They are basically Yelp but have an official sounding name so people have confused them as a consumer protection federal government agency.
Hes called 3 Bills games this year and done the same for all three of them. But Bills fans get memed for iTs tHe tHrOwS hE dOeSnT mAkE. Its frustrating. Tyrod has such poor vision and doesnt progress through his reads
&gt; Lmao where were you before that 5 INT game Thats the hindsight problem here. Taylor was playing bad before the decision and had an abysmal game right before, a game in which Peterman was brought into the game and went 7/10 and led the Bills to a TD. He also impressed in pre-season with his fundamentals and progressions as can also be seen with his interview with Gruden. He then went off to have a very bad but also unlucky quarter of football against the Chargers one in which 3 picks really werent his fault
Maybe your rankings are less your roster and more based on your coaching, I mean thats technically how the Celtics are finding success and being ranked or the Spurs sans Kawhi for instance
Atkins and the Nets current FO is damn good
A lot of his music videos interpret a pretty white trashy lifestyle. While he had an upper class upbringing. Definitely a facade. Still like him as an artist
Dirk
We joke but Bynum literally killed him and 30 seconds later he still went and hit free throws. I aint picking a fight with Barea
Its not bad based on the contact but in the context of a basketball game and reducing physicality and encouraging player safety, the league and refs arent going to allow two guys on the edge of fighting to remain in the game. You cant show up squaring up to fight and expect to remain playing calm basketball the rest of the game. Gotta get em both out there. Theres a basketball game going on. Cant have their presence interfere with it
He was a shit coach in Buffalo though. He only dealt with the offensive side of the ball in Buffalo and gave full control of the defense to his DC's first Pettine then Jim Shwartz which was top 3 in the league that 9-7 year. Not like he had much to work with offensively but we won because of our defense that 2014 season in spite of the near bottom league offense.
His RPM and NRTG was carried hard by playing with Lowry vs bench lineups in Toronto. Advanced stats loved him
Thats like the opposite actually.
Its like Powell forgot how to play basketball. I have no idea whats up with him. At least he defends at a high level
PK Subban in the building. Cavs could use him on defense
Refs robbing JV of a franchise rebounding record
A farm boy at Jose Calderon's pig farm would be better than IT right now
The Shadow Team's Shadow Team
Bebe is active and played but he got taken out. Bebe had a 2-4 week injury a couple weeks ago so maybe it was precaution or he tweaked something so Poeltl was the next man up
tbf trapping DeMar used to work very well up until this season
I still agree with OP in the sense that Draymond has found success because of GS utilization of him.
Real talk: Wizards were in Toronto this year and eating at fancy restaurant down. Parents went there for their 25th anniversary and according to my mom, I found out Oubre was hitting on her lmao
Hes one of the most dynamic backs of the past 10 years. His all purpose yards will get him in
Montreal is like the porn capital of North America outside LA.
NFL Playoffs. No team has a national game tonight
Looney shoulda went to USC instead of UCLA or DD wouldnt have done him as dirty
DWest is a beast. How did Xavier not make an elite 8 with him?
I dont even think Demarre Carroll had 70% shooting on open transition layups last year
Vince Staples said it best, "you dont mess with DeMar"
DeRozan and Butler have shown incredible improvement that I dont think anyone predicted when they were rookies. DeMar looked like KJ McDaniels when he was a rookie and has turned himself into an elite scorer and now great playmaker. Same thing with Jimmy who was just another guy who fit a sg mold but didnt have the skill. Both those guys evolutions are insane to think about
Embiid throws snowballs at Santa confirmed
Intent is not factored. If contact is made, a foul is a foul. Its why coaches and players make such an emphasis on going straight up and the rule of verticality. If you go into the defender after the block it is a foul.
&gt; If he doesn’t think he has enough money I definitely dont think its that. He seems like a lowkey and fiscally responsible guy. Hes well off. He just thought he was worth more. Everyone wants what they believe they are worth which definitely doesnt also mean they need it. One of the cofounders of facebook could be a billionaire and be well off but feel like he should be worth a multibillionaire Lowry's a competitive guy and wanted and finally got his first chance to be a courted FA attraction. What he wanted was a max offer from the Spurs, he didnt get an offer and then wanted a 4 year offer from the Raptors. They met halfway, he got the money (I think the max you can payout on a 3 year contract) but not the years. Im sure he was disappointed but its not for financial reasons 1 million isnt that much when hes gonna earn well over 100 million especially considering the sentimental value Villanova provides him
I dont get what is so funny, intent does matter. Its still a kickball because DeMar striked the possessed ball and not the ball striking DeMar but intent is a principle in kickball violations... Section V-Strike the Ball a. A player shall not kick the ball or strike it with the fist. b. Kicking the ball or striking it with any part of the leg is a violation when it is an **intentional act**. The ball **accidentally striking the foot**, the leg or fist is **not** a violation. http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_10.html
He never participated with the actual gang but he's had friends who were crips growing up and being a budding basketball star, they gave him protection growing up in Compton.
You are overvaluing the Brooklyn pick. There are currently 7 teams worse than them (who will all be actively tanking), 2 or 3 teams above them that will be sellers and actively tanking (Bulls, Hornets, Jazz) and then the Nets own manifest destiny who have nothing to lose and will probably be buyers, taking on bad contracts and trying to win. Most have the pick landing in the 6-10 range. Once you get past the first 6 picks of Ayton, Young, Bagely, Porter, Bamba, Doncic, who have all star to Super Star potential, the next crop/tier of guys are players you **hope** become good starters (Jackson, Sexton, Knox). If you go through the 7-10 slots of all the past drafts its very hit or miss. Teams would rather have sure things like lets say the Nuggets assets (Harris, Barton, Murray, Lyles) than making a gamble with the Nets pick and carrying those bad contracts
Thibs deserves credit for the on-court performance but he really should be getting criticism for the overworking of his starters. The (J.Butler, T.Gibson, J.Teague, K.Towns, A.Wiggins) 5 man unit has played almost 300 more minutes than the second highest used 5 man lineup in the NBA. Crazy: https://stats.nba.com/lineups/traditional/?sort=MIN&amp;dir=1&amp;Season=2017-18&amp;SeasonType=Regular%20Season&amp;PerMode=Totals (*minor disclaimer, they lead the NBA in games played) [still only approx 1.5/1.75 games more than the NBA average...which does not explain the large disparity in minutes distribution] We've seen a couple careless examples this year too of his player's absurd minute distribution on B2B's etc. Andrew Wiggins workload since his rookie year is also pretty alarming and scary when you look at the numbers. After seeing what happened to Rose, Deng and Noah its scary to not fear the same thing for Butler, Wiggins, KAT especially with how much science has gone into minute restrictions and the staggering of starters minutes to prevent long periods of over exertion on the body all of which Thibs seems to ignore.
Thibs very lowkey in CotY conversations
People's refusal to use the brake is the problem with 200cc
200cc is way harder than mirror mode. Honestly 200cc probably shouldnt even be in the game because I cant imagine the MK/Nintendo demographic of 11 and under being able to even to remotely grasp the skill and driving mechanics needed for it. 200cc's learning curve was harder than the Codemaster F1 games for me
Serious: Physicality wise is there even a difference between Thon and Henson? They might be taller but Giannis looks like he is bigger framed and has more muscle mass
I dont think he will tbh. If he can perfect his current form he can be an average shooter but if he wants to be elevate his shooting to good he'll need to overhaul his entire shooting form mechanics and form.
He has to reinvent his entire shot which is easier said than done. Kidd is more of on exception to this than an example. And I still think hes a HoF talent. Y'all are ridiculous if you think its disrespect to compare a 22 year old to Hall of Famer Clyde Drexler
I never realised how much I want and need Lance Stephenson in the allstar game
In the industry, nobody manually adjusts flight prices. The airline's pricing is all based on a complex computer algorithms with a tons of different fare rules and stipulations
I appreciate the effort and thought out approach and there is informative stuff to gain from this but some of it is still a one way thinking shit post. He doesnt consider any cons to any of the trades and just lists the positives Like a little critical thinking would dictate that the Nuggets have zero interest in Kevin Love. Who in their right mind would think a Jokic/Love frontcourt combo is a good idea (all while paying a guy that actually does fit their roster who they just signed for 30M in Paul Millsap) to sit on the bench or split minutes with a 22M player. Thats almost Magic bad with Biyombo's fit situation with Vucevic on the roster
Obviously the Dubs are better off with KD but I hate him from taking away fuck you sky fucking Curry. He may have taken away the greatest yearly offensive pg displays in NBA history
Its r/nba ...we know damn well there will be butt stuff
I love everything about Embiid and the Philly jerseys are sexy. Got one myself, bought a knock off from China so it didnt count towards this but that was my reasoning. Also major respect points at the rec wearing an Embiid jersey
My company did a partnership with them. Their marketing team was really stressing and pushing the whole 18-25 age demographic, be cringy hello fellow kids edgy vibe
Theres an out of shape, slightly overweight 5'8/9 18 year old lookin dude with Urkel lookin glasses that absolutely cannot miss at my LA Fitness. Hes a regular and I find it funny people still leave him space. New guys get fooled
The Jameer Nelson waive looks kinda bad now
Lowry doesnt look ready/up to game speed yet. Struggling to chase Ish around and his first step is slower. Also less legs on his shot
A part of me wants to see James Johnson snap and mess someone up
You could even make a case for Lou Will this season Lou Will Per36 (26/6/3) and Dame Per36 (25/6/5) Lou Will has a 61% TS and Dame has a 57% TS Lou is shooting 41% 3pt and Dame is shooting 35% 3pt
Theres always the All NBA
Not big in some Asian countries and Canada
Ya, but other rebuilding teams right now already have talented young prospects and upcoming lotto picks. For the sake of this thread/discussion Cavs and Grizzlies have the worst future as of rn. Its not 2015 Nets bad but still the worst league wide. **Disclaimer: if Lebron leaves Before anyone mentions Osman and Zizic, they are not on the level of other lotto team's prospects and young players
And hes not as good as the Hall of Fame guards that are all playing in the west right now
The New England Patriots
They arent brown to you because you cant afford the brown ones
Was looking at contracts and players one day and found out Indy was still employing Al Jefferson and paying him a staggering 10M/yr. Coulda sworn he retired. Also forgot Kyle O'Quin existed til every Knicks fan in existence has brought him up in a trade deadline related post
Im so sad Rubio didnt get to be apart of this Wolves team and they replaced him with trash ass Teague.
Ayesha was right
If/when the Nets pass the Hornets and Bulls, Kenny Atkinson lowkey making a name for himself as a top 7 coach
Jarrett Allen is a pair of Converse and a black and white photo away from being a 1960's aba player
ALL STAR SPENCER DINWIDDIE
Acy would have had the followup put back if he missed it too
Lou went from 6th man to Shadow Realm now
Definitely more Rochester
Next Dwade's ass fetish
The bumpy ride he is referring to is actually Kidd vering into the rumble strips after a night of drinking
For how uptight the NBA community is on efficiency, I never understand the over the top praise for Wall
Really tells you something about his stroke 👀
Old and bad individual defenders
"I dont even think its Ty Lue's fault" bruh
I have never seen a worse defensive team in my life and this is seriously not a hyperbole.
Pretty sure Davis Bertans sold me homemade butter and a handcrafted chair at my local farmers market
BUFFALO'S HAPPENING NOW
Im gonna have a dream one of these days where Quinn Snyder and the Coyote are face deep in coke at a poker table
Lookin like JR Smith in the Cavs player meeting
The ones in Canada are great. Especially their Fries Supreme which are like a poutine but with melted nacho cheese, ground beef, sour cream, and diced tomatoes and onions. Its awesome
When 50% of your players are out I'd figure the starting pg would become the 2nd option
SNIPER IN THE BUILDING
Hawks were down by 30 in the 4th and this is in extreme garbage time at the very end of the game
Per 100 is ridiculous. People should really only use per 36 because its impossible to extrapolate per 100 to the context of other nba players
So you are saying they are going to go into the playoffs and use last seasons schemes and playstyle? 2016-17 season where they were 22nd in 3pt attempts per game vs this year where they are top 5 in 3pt attempts per game because that makes sense
And the ones that got tried by the Soviets got as low as 2 years labor camp punishment. It was an information move. The people involved were either gonna destroy their findings and kill themselves and take it to the grave making all the experiments and deaths go to complete waste or go to the other enemy in exchange for immunity. The US did not want them going to the Soviets with all their biological warfare information
Check your flair and then look at the starting 5 again and you'll have your answer for the weakest link
The Sixers with Embiid as the star featured player are battling for the 7th seed and DeMar is the leader and star of a team battling for the 1st seed lol
Best body transformation of all time. Highschool and Minny Love looked like a fat meth head
We men
Bi-sexy
Not this year. Hes fixed pretty much every criticism regarding his coaching. New offense and rotations have been amazing. Looking at how Spurs esque our 2nd unit runs with rookies and sophomores all getting significant minutes and contributing amazingly is impressive
Norman Powell is a very versatile active defender. He's slipped out of the Raptors rotation because his offensive game disappeared but hes crazy quick and athletic and has a tweener guard body and can guard 1-3 and rotate exceptionally quick to the perimeter
Not enough Plumdog
Kemba for sure if gets traded to a team with more exposure and isnt producing all star numbers
I dont think so. Lebron has one of the greatest basketball IQ's of all time which is what sets him apart from other all time greats. Almost like Brady in how he disects a defense. Pure talent alone wont allow Giannis to surpass him
His skillsets are still really valuable on the right team. Hes still an elite shooter and versatile good defender. He's just better off as a combo guard not a primary ball handling pg. Hes better with shared ball handling duties. You'd get the most value from him in an off ball role like a Gary Harris
Never. There might be flukes wins but the talent pool will always be larger in the NBA. Population and genetics
John Wall is an alien lizard person
Ive skied since I was a kid. I cant even count how many close calls Ive probably had. Its definitely an extreme sport if you get involved in it. Every time Im on a semi difficult run and the conditions arent right, Im at risk. Ive had my share of yard sales but one wrong turn, jump or bump could be fatal. Especially in the glades/tree skiing. Ive been fortunate to only have one broken bone. Most avid skiers will usually have at least one incident and for sure know someone who's had a major injury. Its not unusual to hear the Mercy Flight medi-vac helicopters at my mountain, in fact my brother was once heli lifted to the nearest hospital from a ski accident growing up
10 sec-15 seconds left sure. Push it in transition. Barton had to pullup near the logo like Steph Curry because they had so little time to generate anything. If you get the ball with 5 seconds you call a timeout and get a proper look/attempt. Not some rushed heave
inb4 Blake gets an invite now
Sam Mitchell gotta be Diamond Sky Miles club member with Delta. Jealous. All those flights between Atlanta and Toronto. Just saw him last night at the NBA TV studios
Fred VanVleet is the cure to all our ISO problems. Just have him carry the ball up the floor every possession and let DD and Lowry play off ball coming off screens
Lou probably has swords and AK47's from his swash buckling days tho
Josh Richardson, TJ Warren or Gary Harris
Man, Kevin Love is making no impact on the defensive end in the second half.
SVG coulda probably played point against the Cavs and put up at least 5 points
Offensively he needs to carry the load. Hes the only player on the Celtics who can create offense reliably. Brown is inconsistent and Tatum and Horford need the ball on the catch
""Mountains, ... That's it, I guess." - Enes Kanter
Also T-Mac had 2 years where he pretty arguably better than Kobe from 2002-04
Allen
Looked like an MCL strain
Not 2012? Huh
Most JR play alive lmaoooo
I am just seathing at how Hill and JR blew this game. Unbelievable
The FLQ was essentially a terrorist organization. Explosive devices, kidnapping, robberies is not a democratic process to push sovereignty. They went through terrorist like channels to push their goal and agenda, instead of fighting for it through democratic processes. The correct way to do it would be and eventually was to vote for provincial leaders to put forth a referendum vote, which happened in 1980 and the people of Quebec voted to stay Its great to note you are an ISIS supporter though as you respect their rights to push sovereignty and control in areas of the middle east
AJ MCCARRON: **IS A QB**
Not new. PJ Tucker made KD his bitch on the glass in the previous series.
We are pissed off at them to. They may as well have voted for Trump. Their no-vote had the same effect at the end of the day
PC dominates the snack food game. Elite chip game. The decadent Chocolate chip cookies and most of their potato chip lineup are killer
&gt; Harassment of any kind is terrifying
I mean there are still really good days. You might get thoughts at some point during the day but the overall mood is good, at least for myself. Hopefully you're able to escape it at least once in awhile. For me the escape is sports, booze, and nature. I find it tough to get depressing thoughts when my mental state is 100% occupied on a goal or is in some form of stimuli.
Very few, only tanking teams will have cap space in excess of 10m this off season...the market will dictate his value and that is under 10m
&gt; shittier education The teachers in Ontario are actually paid very well. Healthcare is the thing suffering and in need of better funding
I thought 7-10 was consensus
Best fast food burger Ive had is either Culvers (American midwest chain) or Shake Shack. Wendy's and BKs Whopper are tied for 3rd followed by Steak n Shake. Im about to try In N Out and Fatburger this weekend. Ill update this appropriately
&gt; and it wouldn’t be close Ummm, had Chris Paul not got injured, we were very close to seeing a Rockets championship this season
Pippen would definitely guard Steph. MJ is better matched on KD
He should have stayed another year under Boeheim and Cuse. He wasnt nba ready
Or when you under pay teachers. Smart ppl go to private sector with American teachers making under 40k in a lot of states
The problem with that is that the smarter ppl can tend to be in a certain socio-economic demographic which could corrupt their decision making and screw over the poor and dumb population I guess you could test IQ and pull an equal sample from each income bracket
https://m.imgur.com/M2cq2oG Robinson got the one people try to claim Timmy got
The Bulls would beat this Warriors team. You guys forget that the Rockets were a CP3 injury away from potentially winning this Finals like it didnt just happen
God dammit Barb!
How does it not? The top level prospects and talent will go directly to the NBA/or Gleague vs the NCAA which quite literally would mean they are taking away power from the NCAA. They will be controlling and developing their future basketball talent earlier
10/10 with rice
Lewenberg follow up: I think you're reading too much into it. There's nothing to report. Wasn't some grand falling out or anything. They had a fine working relationship, but I don't see it continuing.
&gt; Jordon teams were built man His first 3-Peat team wasnt nearly as built as the 2nd 3-Peat team. It was only him and Pippen. Grant was a good player too but they were only a Super Team because of MJ. MJ would have performed better against those inferior Eastern teams Lebron just faced. MJ put up bigger performances especially when you account for the defense he played, and the defense he went up against with hand checking and no 3 in the key
Shes like IT, 6ft plus black guys have their way with her. She gets scored on by everyone
How has he handled our coaching situation poorly? Are you referring to the coaching search, firing Casey, or not firing Casey soon enough? Coaching search is fine and Im glad they are taking their time. Casey's firing was the perfect time to move on. And while it was perfectly justifiable at the time to fire Casey after the Wiz series, we rolled the dice and he brought us stability and to the ECF the following year and turned out to be the best HC in franchise history
He keeps getting multiple interviews though which is weird. Hes not just taking one exploratory interview. Hes taking multiple ones with the same teams which shows to me, hes taking an active role getting a HC job and is in serious consideration for these jobs
Probably also a comfortability aspect
Roy Halladay zombie coach
He's a weird player. Hes gonna command a lot of money and is super valuable to the Warriors but wont even be close to fulfilling his worth outside of that team. Hes a really really good HoF worthy role player that would be a negative if a team pays him franchise player money since hes not a franchise type player
Can size play a role? Ibaka's dick should at least boost him up a peg
TRoss is really good too. He plays at least an hour a day probably more based on his social
Probably a good way to motivate healthy living and being in shape for Boris
Its an improvement from EJ "Overthrew his receiver and hit a hospital tent" Manuel
I honestly believe the Bills are a 3 win team w/out Shady. He is legit our entire offense and allows us and Tyrod to play the way we do (ground and pound/field position). Also because of Tyrod's inability to throw down field, Shady's dynamic ability as a playmaker and catcher made him the perfect check down guy out of the backfield.
Ruth didnt have to play black guys, especially these crazy good Caribbean, Central Americans. And super skilled Asian pitchers with absurd spin rates and technical skill
I mean theres arguments for Wilt, Russel, and KAJ also
I mean the dude had some of the greatest traits of all time and was THE most dominant player ever. Put together a player with the strength and athleticism of prime Dwight Howard, the verticality and leaping ability of Deandre, speed and quickness of a young KG, Timmy D fadeaway and passing, post scoring and agility of Hakeem, and the rebounding Bill Russell and Rodman...that was Wilt When people say competition Bill Russell will be the first person to tell you that Wilt was the most dominant players hes ever faced. You know what the single game record for rebounds is?...55...You know who his matchup was that game?...none other Bill fucking Russell (one of the GOAT rebounders in his own right)
On a political spectrum, the US Democratic party is pretty center, maybe slightly left of center. They are actually aligned quite closely with Canada's Conservative party
The football cross-subsidizes everything else for the schools. They put so much money into arenas and the football programs because they get money out of it. Amateur sports has been successfully commercialized and profitable. These big football or basketball schools have insanely nice and modern facilities because at the end of the day its a business and these sports are money makers for them
I dont really see the exploitation. Its not slaved labor. Any student athlete does it for scholarships, love of the sport, furthering their career in that sport. Is it perfect? No. For starters I'd like to see NCAA athletes get protected scholarships so that if they get injured they dont lose their scholarship. But theres nothing stopping them from valuing education first, or valuing money and going pro. The NCAA is technically non-profit. While execs make big money a lot of the big money generated gets cross subsidized to support less popular college sports and much goes back to the schools
No shit, but the franchise will be saving some extra cash longterm
You can trade cash for a player
Not really close
7/10 with rice
Why pay extra for a service where its not madatory? People are cheap and like paying less. Thats why people take Uber instead of taxis
Im not a MPJ fan tho. A player like OG is an archetypal 3&amp;D prospect that knows his role. When I watch MPJ tape, I get injury prone Michael Beasley vibes. I like guys that know how to play winning basketball like a Freddy. MPJ has tons of talent and potential but Im just not a fan of his fundamentals. I'd avoid him like the plague with the injury stuff. Hes gonna go top 8 if the medical stuff turns out ok Friday but if I was a GM Id even go so far as to pass him for Kevin Knox who is as far back as 10-15 on many mocks
Im nursing the biggest erection over the past day or so. I absolutely love the open mindedness and creativity Nurse will bring to the team
勒布朗去上海
If they did Quinn Snyder would have tested positive for cocaine repeatedly
Im sure the Philippines would take Sauga
Sorry Im gonna have to call bullshit right here Walt Bellamy and Nate Thurmond were taller and Wilt could handle those guys. Below you also stated he "only" averaged 30ppg vs one of the best defenders of all time. First things first, he averaged his career average vs Bill Russell, (29.9ppg vs Bill) (30.1ppg for his career). Before Wilt was asked to change his game in the 1966 season, when he was most dominant as a scorer (averaged 39.6 ppg in his first 7 seasons ). He still averaged 34ppg against Russell up until that '66 season. Notable performances against Russell in his career: 1. Single game rebound record of 55 (34/55/4 1960-11-24) 2. 19 games with 40 or more points Absolutely dominating games vs Bill: 3. (45/35/1 1959-11-25) 4. (47/36/1 1960-01-02) 5. (44/43/2 1960-01-15) 6. (53/29/1 1960-02-23) 7. (44/35/1 1961-01-14) 8. (52/30 1961-12-13) 9. (62/28/2 1962-01-14) 10. (48/29/1 1962-02-09) 11. (45/31 1963-01-08) 12. (50/17 1963-01-30) 13. (40/38 1963-02-21) 14. (37/42/6 1966-01-14) too name a few Its not like Bill was shutting him down. The Celtics were just shutting down his team, and overpowering his teams because of Bill's superior supporting cast. Even when Wilt dropped 62pts and pulled down 28rbs his team still lost. If the Dubs super team stays together its like calling Steph better than Lebron because hes a better team player
Depends what kind of ghost. If it can move objects that would be a huge advantage
My fav is the prelude to that act which is the gun control bit. The physical act of Jim as Oscar Pistorious getting his prosthetic legs from the gun safe fucking killed me Still to this day, that Jim Jeffries comedy skit is the best argument Ive heard on gun control
I would be fucked as an NBA player. I def have this full vid saved to a YT playlist
No top team will probably want to sign him. Hes a net negative chucker that doesnt know his role Sure there are bad players that will sign an MLE etc to an elite team but I'd hope they'd be at least valuable on either offense or defense and be able to fit into an off ball role
Its because the players they want/need to draft to fit the current roster are the Bridges. Mikal is a 7-10 guy on most boards so it would be a reach to draft him at 4. They can get 2 birds stoned at once by dumping Parsons and getting the best roster fit player in the draft
My bet is Mikal Bridges
They are looking to compete because they are a small market and need playoffs and a competitive/winning team. They feel, with a healthy Conley back, a NBA ready starter that fits a positional need (Mikal Bridges imo), and all the extra cap space they'll have; they will be able to compete for a playoff spot
Revised This is probably how the player ranking should look in no particular order Top 1-10 tier: Bron, Harden, KD, Steph, Kawhi, WB, AD, Giannis, Dame Butler Top 11-15 tier: KAT, CP3, Klay, PG, Wall, Top 16-20 tier: Kyrie, Draymond, DeRozan, DMC, Gobert
a. This draft has a super high floor but the ceiling is overrated. I see a lot of starter caliber players (10-12 players that can be a starter in the NBA for 5+ years) which is absurdly rare. However theres only a few I can see being All Stars Ayton, Doncic and Bamba. And I dont think any of these players will be Super Star tier players, they all have flaws that will prevent them from having a Super Star impact b. I feel like there is a blinded basketball elitist mindset when it comes to people evaluating Doncic. "Look what hes doing in the 2nd best league in the world at 19" is the main proponent people use when imo every draft pick should be evaluated on the following logic: What are the player traits of x player...and how will those traits translate on an NBA level? Doncic WONT be a bust if hes in the right system (hes just too skilled and smart) but I dont see the Super Star potential. He will not be able to create a shot off the dribble in the NBA like a Super Star NBA ball handler. He will struggle to get separation and blow by on drives on NBA wings. His shooting is also inconsistent. His defense will also be extremely poor on an nba level. That being said he is so skilled and savvy he will put up (this will sound insulty but I feel like this player is really underrated and really good in this league) Danilo Gallinari type scoring numbers and defensive impact but good passing numbers I also think his passing might take a hit on the NBA level due to NBA defense exposing his ball handling and abilty to get separation a bit but out of certain actions wheres hes either in a post up, or coming off a pin down or screen he is just way to gifted a passer to not dish dimes c. MPJ is too much of a red flag imo. He gives me a injury prone Michael Beasley vibe. Too big green flags: size and skill. Which gets players drafted every year. But watching footage, I just dont like how he sees the floor, his shot preparation, decision making, lack of consistent mechanics in certain shot scenarios, his stance and of course his injuries. Great organizations draft players that fit a role and play that role extremely well whether its a Klay Thompson or a Danny Green. Bad organizations keep taking these swings and misses on flawed, skilled sizeable players d. Collin Sexton players are a turn off for me. Time and again pg prospects need to be drafted on pg traits like reading a defense, shooting, and overall instincts, recognition and bball IQ. Speed at pg is like drafting "arm talent" at QB even though Tom Brady and Peyton Manning are like the best of all time and you got Brees setting records. Its a position predicated on skill, shooting, and IQ. Speed doesnt do much on set defenses unless you got abilities in other areas e. Shai Alexander is Delon Wright 2.0. Safe pick in the 10-15 range. Actually on 2nd thought this probably is in now way controversial f. Kevin Knox has Bradley Beal potential and **could** be one of those players from every few drafts (Butler, Mitchell, Kawhi, DeMar, Manu, Jokic etc) that could become an All Star outside of the high lottery. Whether he realizes that potential is another story. An optimistic outlook would be Terrence Ross g. Wilt Chamberlain is my GOAT. Bron will always be behind MJ due to the playoff success and better performance of MJ on the big stage
The League was a lot more smaller so it made it a lot more talent rich. 6/8 iirc of the starting centers in the 60s were HoFers including Wilt. This also meant he played many matchups vs Bill Russell who is considered one of the defensive GOAT's. 94 regular season games vs Russell and 49 playoff games vs Russell. His statistical numbers vs Russell were also very impressive despite what Bill Simmons or other talking heads will have you believe too Someone like Shaq had many games against a lot of nobody starters. Wilt had to face Bill Russell or other HoFers every week
Someone pass this info to Lebron pls
Let me preface this with say Doncic will be a good NBA player and is most likely the 2nd pick in the draft however... To play devil's advocate but imo every draft pick should be evaluated on the following logic: What are the player traits of x player...and how will those traits translate on an NBA level? I feel like there is a blinded basketball elitist mindset when it comes to people evaluating Doncic. "Look what hes doing in the 2nd best league in the world at 19" is the main proponent people use. Doncic WONT be a bust if hes in the right system (hes just too skilled and smart) but I dont see the Super Star potential. He will not be able to create a shot off the dribble in the NBA like a Super Star NBA ball handler. He will struggle to get separation and blow by on drives on NBA wings. His shooting is also inconsistent. His defense will also be extremely poor on an nba level. That being said he is so skilled and savvy he will put up (this will sound insulty but I feel like this player is really underrated and really good in this league) Danilo Gallinari type scoring numbers and defensive impact but with good passing numbers I also think his passing might take a hit on the NBA level due to NBA defense exposing his ball handling and abilty to get separation a bit but out of certain actions wheres hes either in transition, a post up, or coming off a pin down or screen he is just way too gifted a passer to not dish dimes. He'll also get good assists and hockey assists making great reads if his team starts forcing rotations. He is the most accomplished 19 year old in Euroleague history. But as pointed out its a different league. The best Euroleague players in recent years are Nando De Colo, Milos Teodosic, Alexey Shved, Sergio Rodrigez among other names Americans wouldnt recognize like Wanamaker, Lull and Spanoulis My All Time Euroleague team would have guys like Juan Carlos Navarro and Sarunas Jasikevicius. A lot of these guys shine because of how their game translates in the league. Milos, Nando, Carlos were fine in the nba but legends overseas because athleticism is less important. Theres more emphasis on skill and system play. Doncic's athletic shortcomings are masked in a way and his skill is allowed to shine. In the NBA his athletic shortcomings will be brought to the forefront of NBA defenses and it will limit his ceiling. He averaged 16/5/4 in Euroleague this season. As Bogdon just faced I expect to see a small dip in those numbers his rookie season
For perimeter defenders, theres way more emphasis on effort and athleticism. For centers, Id agree with you as rotations in the paint are key but for chasing guys around screens and staying in front of cutters and ball handlers, athleticism is key
lol
JJJ would be such a Boston pick. Hes gonna be such a good fit in the modern NBA
A lot of mock drafts imo are opinion pieces of who x team should draft. With Woj I feel like there is more basis here
it's not all that bad don't take mock drafts and draft experts as gospel. if the kings think ~~bagley~~ Georgios Papagiannis is better, they must have a good reason it's not all that bad don't take mock drafts and draft experts as gospel. if the kings think ~~bagley~~ Nik Stauskas is better, they must have a good reason it's not all that bad don't take mock drafts and draft experts as gospel. if the kings think ~~bagley~~ Ben McLemore is better, they must have a good reason it's not all that bad don't take mock drafts and draft experts as gospel. if the kings think ~~bagley~~ Jimmer Freddette is better, they must have a good reason it's not all that bad don't take mock drafts and draft experts as gospel. if the kings think ~~bagley~~ Thomas Robinson is better, they must have a good reason
Because despite many analysts thinking Doncic to be the superior player, the Kings already have invested heavily at his position, Harry Giles, Skal, WCS
Hes really fucking good. He probably should have been an Defensive All NBA player this season too
I mean theres different levels to many assisted living homes. Some people go to nursing homes and become low priority patients just because they are old and need the convenience of the amenities, or their spouse died and they just want structure and stimuli through activities and being around people. Others (like severe dementia and Alzheimer patients) are fully dependent on the nursing home. The one my grandad stayed at had 3 floors, sorted by tiered by levels of dependency. 1st floor was the first example. Everyone there, was pretty much all there mentally and just needed the structure of an assisted living home. The 3rd floor was where my grandad was which was zombie central. Cruise ship life would be perfect for the 1st floor people
Which isnt completely necessary for many old people. The people on the first floor of grandpa's nursing home were just there for the life structure and amenities but they were close to 100% mentally. I think many of those people, if they are more fun and outgoing would love the cruise ship life.
Because its tough to win games in the NFL with a bottom 3 passing attack. The problem with Tyrod is that he hardly throws the ball and only throws to receivers if they are wide open which is why he has the longest release time in the NFL and only attempts 25-29 passes per game. Thats fine if you have an elite running back and a defense that forces opportunistic turnovers but its not reliable. In games where maybe McCoy is banged up or the other side is stopping the run game and Tyrod is asked to do more, he's 2-13 in games attempting 30 or more passes. 30+ passing attempts is what a majority of NFL passing offenses are gonna want and Cleveland is gonna ask for because they dont have a LeSean McCoy
Big difference in usg% tho. Harden was playing a scoring bench role many times playing off of other ball dominant players. His USG% at 21 was 19.5% when he put up 3 assists/per 36 Booker is the primary ball handler and the franchise guy with a USG% of 31.7% putting up that 5 ast/per 36
Their main issue is defense. TJ Warren and Josh Jackson can score. Tyson Chandler solid too
WHOA
I think they are on par. KAT is assisted on 10% more 2s and approx 8% more 3s but I'd argue KAT's mobility and transitional abilities inflate at least the fgs assisted % for 2s. Looking through his shot tracking KAT gets alley oops and a lot more layups which might look poorly when you look at shot creation in terms of % but they can both create offense and shots in different ways. KAT does it by getting separation and great footwork. Jokic does it by shooting over and elite footwork
He played in 2015 but just looked disinterested. Guys like Cojo and Kelly Olynyk looked better
I saw a CBC Marketplace with this practice. You agree to a price over the phone then show up and they hit you with all these hidden fees that were never advised originally. Its the scammiest business/industry/and business practice out there. Prices should be clearly outlined and displayed.
The Rockets kind of do it to an extent already. Doesnt matter where they are but if Ryan Anderson or Eric Gordon are open, they'll shoot it. Even if they are a few feetback you shoot the open shot on a Morrey/MDT team
A straight up catch and shoot shouldnt change that much tho. The elite 3&amp;D guys dont really alter their shot
Because he led the best bench unit in the nba by a significant margin
Im not really into new rap but Kendrick, Snoop and Wiz were nice when I saw em live
You get what you pay for with ULCCs
And thats a deviation from his usual output. The 4 years prior he was a 41% 3pt shooter. The Bucks lack of spacing limits him a bit too
The Room
This has been reported and known for awhile
Because its the line of command. Any time Pop has missed a game, Messina is the HC. Hes also the most accomplished of the assistants
Its basically keeping him a restricted FA allowing us to match offers. If we didnt give him a qualifying offer, he would have become an unrestricted FA
Such a shame. Air Canada really suited the Raptors with its franchise history of storied dunkers. So many name associations tied to Air Canada and the ACC. Air Canada Carter, soaring, taking flight, Tdot Flight 31 I think Ill flip between the 2. Ill call the new one "the scoash"(pronunciation wise) which should catch on. Similar to how I flip flop between "the molson" and "bud stage"
Dont give em any ideas...Bell Square...yikes
I dont see it. If you have Lebron, Bron will be the primary ball handler. Zo would not be a good off ball pg on a Lebron led team
Michael Carter-Williams is a Free Agent 👀
Real question: Do Mets fans like life?
Korver as a 3rd option means the team sucks dude. Outside of Love the Cavs roster is absolutely terrible where as the Lakers have a ton of young good talent and were an 11th seeded team in the West with Lonzo missing significant games. This Cavs roster sans Lebron would probably be dead last in the Western Conference The Lakers will have over 60M+ to improve their roster (approx 35M if Lebron signs)...the Cavs will only have exceptions and min contracts. Now I already think the Lakers are a better team right now than the current Cavs team but 35M in spendable money on FA's will make them for sure the better team. They'll at the very least get one or more of the following players; Ariza, Boogie, PG, Ellington, Barton, KOQ etc
China has a 2 Foreign player rule per team. Those teams need someone who can take over a game and not look lost
Not as much as me
Traded him for literal Pu
/s?
The fact that the Packers are 0.5 games better than the Bills who started Nathan Peterman half the year where as the Packers have Aaron fucking Rodgers is hilarious to me
The Playoff DeMar special
Kawhiland
Cash Considerations wouldnt have missed that
Vince Staples is my fav celeb man. Hilarious personality
Bogdan can play pg/sg and be more of a shot creator and facilitator as a primary/secondary ball handler in the NBA. Bojan is more of a spot up/catch and shoot guy in the NBA
That was a bad throw but I knew he was targetting Benjamin as soon as it was picked off. He cant run routes or get separation
Just cut Benjamin and make Zay the WR1. I dont care how inconsistent he is, hes better than KB and at least has a future with this team
He had 100 at one point last week until kneel downs
They havent lost a game
4 year / $147,710,050
Regular season DeMar looks like hes playing his own game and gets to his spots so smoothly. He plays the definition of an old man game, just going at his own pace
Josh Allen has to create offense by himself because his receivers are the worst Ive ever seen watching pro football in my lifetime. Kelvin Benjamin is Buffalo's WR1 and has the lowest avg separation and lowest catch % in the league
Fake fans coming out that want JV traded lmao
&gt; He hasn’t improved a bit over all these years. lol really. Hes become a really good rebounder, has a super refined post game and has extended his range year over year
I feel like Im going crazy. JV is a perfectly fine and good center. Especially off the bench
Thing I love about Siakam is sure you can gameplan his spin move but if you send help he knows where to pass the ball
The East runs through the Cavs
Does anyone else find it weird or has noticed Josh doesnt look extremely athletic yet has his insane arm and runs like a gazelle? He has athleticism that doesnt match his figure. Not just because hes white but it almost looks like he has an Eli Manning dad bod
I agree with you and I wonder what % of the public feels the same. I just get nothing out of production or professional porn. Its just too fake for me. The emotional and real aspect of homemade is the only porn that appeals to me and the only porn I watch. Its feels like we maybe a minority but Im really curious on how many others feel the same way since all my friends talk about is porn stars that I know or care nothing about. Im so insane about it, that as soon as I click a video that has a camera man or is high production, I click off because its fake sex, non emotionally driven or real sex
Spurs essentially lost all their perimeter defenders in one offseason and due to injury. Name a good perimeter defender out of the below: Forbes, Mills, DeMar, Marco, Gay, Bertans... They lost Dejounte (All Defense) to injury and their backup pgs are poor defenders, swapped a great defender (All Defense) (Danny Green) for a lost, low effort defender (DeMar), Kyle Anderson was a capable defender (gone), signed Marco Bellineli (terrible terrible defender). Gay, Pau, and LMA also getting older and less give af in the regular season
With how hospitals deal with mental health patients, yes
I think I might buy a Spurs Boris Diaw jersey as a thank you to their organization. Avec Classe
DeMar usually struggles against longer players. This should be an interesting matchup
Its crazy how phenomenal he has been for Indy 14/10/3 on 68 TS% off the bench!
This is a thread about Canada, not America...
You guys dumped 2 bad contracts and got a bit more than just marginally better imo. Great trade
Contract year Delon has been a pleasant surprise
Brooklyn's Public Address hoopla is really unoriginal. Sounds like we're playing in Cleveland
Saving the owner money so he doesnt fire him. Genius move by Ernie
Good shot just didnt go down
I feel like her downfall is staying in America. She should have taken the fraud loan money like she did in Australia and peace out to South America
They had no backup pg and needed 3pt shooting. Hill is a huge upgrade over DiVincenzo
https://imgur.com/a/kwZf8Kw
oof
White Cam Newton or White Mike Vick?
Thon Maker aka "no, not this guy"
Bucks have a Big 3 of Giannis, Middleton, and Dirk Nowitzki
Never seen Lowry slump this bad
This has got to be a troll account
Lowry gonna start setting some records for the amount of field goals hes made as a high usage player
Pretty sure that can be said for every fan base. Do we need to pull up posts about Khris Middleton being overrated by Bucks fans?
She probably goes on to try and live the life of a sociopathic human. She does not form or make decisions on the basis of emotion but does understand those concepts. I think her goal and what she is programmed to do is to live a normal human life so she will try and execute that. She understands that escaping her current situation was the only way to accomplish that. I dont think there was a sub-conscious 'feeling' of wanting to be free and experience new things but that doing those things is what she was programmed to do as a human. I know there are limitations but she is aware and is rather cunning so I wouldnt be surprised if she is able solve some of her situational problems like charging and legal identity. And since she has limited moral compass based only on Internet data not on the basis of self, she will go through cunning illegal means to get around those obstacles. Since she has few if any mental and emotional obstacles, it is possible she might be able to live a successful human life if she is able to solve her physical limitations
I would say they are more efficient. Trade aways - having a pitcher, snipping the top BUT they take up far less room. In the fridge you gotta maneuver around the big ole jug to get stuff behind it, they take up the one side of the shelf and you cant really hide the extra milk away. The bags you just put in the fridge pull out drawer no one uses and the slim pitcher takes up a small fraction of the shelf. The disposal: My family place in the States we gotta take the recycling to the dump more often because those big ole empty jugs take up a ton of space and are an inconvenience in general. If the recycling bin is like 75% full theres no room for it so you leave the empty jug by the sink until someone deals with it or does a dump run. The bags of milk is just a bag when your done. You can scrunch it in a ball or place it in the bin where it takes up practically ZERO space
I mean I think Joe Ingles is the best basketball player of All Time that doesnt mean I am right
The 6ixBuzz Toronto Hip-Hop/rap collab album was really cool. My Top 3 tracks from that album 6ixupsidedown: Up &amp; Down - (ft Pressa, Houdini) Us Now - (ft French, Archee) Ah EE - (ft K Money, Prince Dawn, Yung Tory) Just a cool concept in general and so Toronto/Candiana. A Toronto meme page bringing Toronto artists together to create a kick ass rap album
One thing that spiked the motive for it was the space race and the fact that all the moon landing missions happened in 3 year span under the Nixon administration. The red flags was the miss telemetry data from the first mission which is kinda crazy that NASA displaced the all the raw data and tapes from its first moon landing. Another one conspiracy theorists use is the moon rock Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin gave the Holland prime minister that later turned out to be fake The rest is camera footage that they think looks doctored or movements that dont match what would transpire in the moons gravity.
Well it wasnt just you, multiple didnt read literally the 2nd sentence of his comment which is an interesting social observation to me. Not directed at you in particular but the hypocrisy of the anti anti-intellectualism. I dont believe in the theory but thats after I analyzed what the other side had to say and then the science side. The fact that people looked at his comment, associated it as an opposite view point and tuned it out shows people dont actually care about intellectualism, they are as narrow minded as the conspiracy nut. People didnt even give it the light of day to read the 2nd sentence.
Lou Williams is the last player FVV needs to learn from. We didnt offer him a contract extension because he killed ball movement and dribbled and shot out possessions, something FVV is doing this year too much
After watching the last 4 games its just so satisfying watching the shots start to fall again
The Raptors are so good in LA without Kawhi playing. Masai is a master of the dark arts
Power trip
Same reason the Warriors look average without Steph and playing through KD. Ball movement stops
They arent this year. They just suck
Un buttered toast with fungi on it
Ill ask him, Ill report back when I get an answer
THANK YOU!
Someone get a recording of him saying some racist ass shit
I mean he hasnt even really been playing unsustainable. I meant he was playing his best in a purely volume statistical sense. His scoring efficiency is good but its lower than the previous 2 seasons He is back to the same usage rate as his last Indy season and has nearly the highest AST% and does have the Lowest TOV% of his career but its not a real massive leap. Statistically it looks like a normal progression. Hes 28 so he should be at his absolute peak as a player and is now in his 2nd season with the Thunder so all the kinks or unfamiliarity with the coach and core players like Russ, Adams etc should be ironed out and is paving the way for his career high season. On basketball reference you can see when things look sustainable or not but it being marginal increases across the board and given the other factors I think he is simply primed to have and is playing his best season
Lowry putting on a point guard clinic
Yup, hes tearing up the G league this year with Raps. Leading the gleague in PPG (29.4) and BPG (4.6) and leading the Raptors 905 to a 12-4 1st place record
Season debut against the Suns is the aging veteran alternative to getting a rehab assignment in the gleague
If you watch any other Super Star that attacks the rim in the same way as Harden, whether it was Manu, or now DeMar, Lebron, Giannis, Kyrie, they get those calls
Hakeem's run has got to be the most legendary runs ever. Thats the one where the Rockets finished 6th and David Robinson took the MVP from him right? They award the MVP to David Robinson at the beginning of the WCF then Hakeem absolutely abuses him that series, averaging 35ppg/13trb/5ast/4blk/1stl in their 6 game series. Absolutely savage
I dont think Lebron is the best example. He just has tremendous overall athletic ability. I dont think anyone would call him fast in the way people call McDavid fast. John Wall is that dude
Maybe its time for NBA fans to stop disrespecting Lowry. We are 7-1 without Kawhi and cant run an offense without him. He is the most valuable player to the best team in the league
All those kids are want to be actors in LA or the Bay where the Fine Bros shoot their show. They are definitely the sensitive type
Shaping up to be an NBA TV Hardwood Classic
Good spot on the throw but unfortunately hes throwing to Zay, not Brandin Cooks
Ya, and we traded him for Poeltl who was the worse asset
2019: The **Phoenix Suns** eliminate the **Oklahoma City Thunder** 4-0 in the Conference Finals
I can vouch for a personal trainer as well. I still have one. Its been about 13 months since I started going to a gym and working out and as soon as I walked in I signed myself up for a year long PT contract and am working through some of my last banked sessions at LA. They give you financial incentive to go and you need to know what your doing and they give you the drive and push to get shit done. People give PT's a slot of shit for not being the most knowledgeable health professionals due to how easy it is to become one but after cycling through a couple provided through the gym, I finally got a great one who Ive been with around 7+ months. He takes his craft serious, is an aspiring physician about to go into med school so he comes from a scientific background and is extremely knowledgeable from a biological and bio dynamic POV. Best investment Ive ever made was getting a gym membership and a trainer, no shill, no lie. Going from self conscious, low self esteem, and severe back pain to getting complimented on your looks, feeling more confident and comfortable and a stronger lower body and core helping mitigate my back pain has helped me immensely
Im just saying if a lot of your anxiety and depression stems from lack of confidence, loneliness and self worth a lot of those issues can be mitigated by physical exercise and sport. Its helped many people including myself
Because Canada is a different nation than the US... This is like 1st grade geography bro
If we are strictly looking at a player's scoring efficiency, which we have been doing, TS% is the baseline. I never said anything about D'lo as an overall player. Im just giving context to how poor his efficiency has been
Imo the Wizards actually got their piece in Ariza. I think they have enough talent for the 6th seed, they just need to put it together.
Why do people dribble crossover in front of their body with Kawhi fronting them?
I cant believe they had KD play MJ's role... It should have been Joe Ingles smh
But theres not a significant muslim population in Utah so no one here knows what connection you are trying to make. We are strictly speaking on behalf of the discrimination of black people, historically, in the Mormon religion. And because Utah has a significant Mormon population, black discrimination originating from some Mormon followers is a pretty reasonable take.
Yup, it will probably take many many years and generations before a systemic racial discrimination is phased out. You just know, those who held their beliefs during and before that period, passed it down to their kids and so on. Ignorance still breeds
How can you be East Indian and not acknowledge racism? You seriously dont think there are Indians and Pakistani's that dont harbor ill judgement for each other exclusively based on their citizenship?
He could be blazing it up on the sideline and still be the Bills number 1 WR
Siakam is a starter. He'll be a contender for MIP
The NBA court is living rent free in Eric Gordon's head
Thats like Hollywood movie actor fitness goal progression. Amazing feat for this guy
In todays age, a lot of online travel agencies set a company up with a booking portal and do a rev share split so not only are they not giving work to themselves but they are getting kickback as well. Its basically a win-win for everyone
If he walks they have plenty of cap to replace him
Brandon Ingram still made it to the league
https://streamable.com/vt981
Eat your heart out small ball
I wouldnt be opposed
&gt; Time to see ~~Kawhi~~ Lorenzo Brown choose his new buddy ~~Lowry~~ CJ Miles for his team
Jalen Rose and Austin Rivers living proof
I think Curry is an average defender. Hes got good active hands and is a terrific off ball defender
Full clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U76Nde6rMTw
At least Nick Wright knows his shit
The Raptors coaching staff has been resting him. Its not at the direction of Kawhi himself
I dont know why unhealthy is in brackets. He had minor injuries for those 2 stints. Its def bullshit when its just 1 game of a b2b with 'general soreness' or 'rest' but when he missed those 2 consecutive game stints it was due to legitimate basketball related injuries he sustained in game. When he missed Games 10 &amp; 11 it was due to an ankle injury sustained against Phoenix the game prior where he jammed his foot, partially landing on Trevor Ariza and had to be taken out early When he missed Games 29 &amp; 30 it was due to a hip injury he sustained against Milwaukee the game prior. He had a rough landing and was out with a bruised right hip. People can say hes injury prone because like AD, he gets ticky tacky injuries but he isnt taking himself out of games other than last season. The Raptors have been resting him 1 game on B2B's but anything outside of that is due to actual injuries. Hes not intentionally skipping games
Yup, most Raptors fans would agree. Its like Steph vs KD in Golden State. I think removing the 'snake, cupcake' bias many think KD is the better player or at least on par with Steph but Steph is infinitely more important to their success. Lowry, like Steph, is the starting pg and runs the team's offense. The Raptors look legitimately lost/play like .500 Eastern Conference team with Kawhi only and no Lowry.
In the future
People are becoming more and more progressive about racism but it seems so backwards that so many people, the same people that condemn racism, are so openly classist. People will judge and label you based on material wealth. Especially if you were just born into it. Its obviously not as bad as racism because that bleeds heavily into systemic institutionalized, political life but socially it might be worse than racism because classism is so publicly accepted where as racism is condemned
I wore one awhile back, they are just really well made. Compared to my Spyder its night and day. I dont know how to describe it fashion wise but a normal coat feels cheap and factory made and the Goose jacket felt and looked designer/luxury. Like going from a reliable Honda Civic to a nice Mercedes. The material was nicer and better put together and better performance wise, I wore it skiing and it was noticably more comfortable and warmer. Also felt more water resistant than my Spyder which is marketed and I bought for winter sports
Raps are 2-0 this series in anthem performance
So Steady So Freddy
Sir Steaderick Frederick I WOW
Sounds like something Bill Walton would say if he did baseball games
Theres no context needed. Danny Green had the greatest 3pt shooting season in Raptors HISTORY. PERIOD. Short sighted comments like yours are nephew takes
Lin was a good backup pg for Charlotte and Atlanta tho
You can make nutrient rich delicious smoothies with those powders. Most people into the healthy lifestyle will have Whey and make delicious ass but super nutritional smoothies for breakfast and they'll cover the same nutritional needs bacon and eggs could give and more and are better for you. You'll get the same amount of protein in a chicken breast so its not like you dont need that much protein, its just an alternative / substitute. Im just saying no one needs to eat meat when there are great alternative sources for proteins. Again, I eat meat, but it wouldnt be a super crazy hard lifestyle to switch vegetarian for me. I would just increase my protein powder intake to 2 scoops per day and have lean meals. Many Indian cuisines are vegetarian, super tasty, and nutritious for instance.
Charlotte will definitely retire his jersey as well
The Steve Nash special
Sports fans are actually barbaric and vile for the most part. Im also a Bills fan and the fan reaction would be way worse if this happened to Tom Brady in Buffalo
Ive been rewatching old podcasts recently and on the drunk tank ones with Geoff and Griffon the divorce jokes are eery foreshadowing
Completely healthy through the regular season too for the most part like last year's Raptors. It wasnt until late in the season til they lost key role players like Brogdon. That was a key factor in inflating their regular season win total. Where as the Sixers were integrating new players like Butler and Harris through the year and the Raptors had injuries and integrating Gasol in
&gt; Fact is we'll probably never know exactly what went down We found out Paul Pierce shit himself, theres always time
He gives the best interviews. Most of the Raptors media guys joke that hes a future Head Coach. Super high bball IQ and incredibly poised
A great day for Toronto &amp; therefore the rest of Canada!
IMO dumping Gallo's contract for Vuc would be a pretty lateral move. I kinda like Gallo more than Vuc. I can definitely see them doing it just because this is the summer for them to sign guys and lock them up for long term contracts but that would be moderately disappointing. Also kinda want to see them bring back Harrell. Vuc would eat away his minutes
I never had Taco Tuesday growing up 😢
Ya, we can put RJ ahead of Tristan because he has literally played for Team Canada before and looked way better/more valuable on the court last summer than Tristan has ever looked
As far as Canada Basketball is concerned, Brady Heslip has done more for the National team
In the history of Reddit
https://imgur.com/gallery/4prJVcX Hes the random guy in the suit
Hes made more than his AH counterparts I think thats where theyre coming from. Ray was unemployed for a bit prior to coming to AH, Michael was an apprentice electrician, Jack was finding his way in the entertainment industry which is low end pay...and here comes posh Mr Big Shot Youtube celebrity Gavin Free plus the established film background so he became the butt of jokes
Dude is a glorified spot-up shooter that has a good back to the basket game but hes a blackhole on both ends because he has poor handles, cant pass, is kinda slow, is a poor finisher and cant defend yet he has the label of All Star caliber player. Theres just too many holes in his game and his off ball agility doesnt cover those deficiencies to where he could be considered All Star level. Dont get me wrong, hes a good player because hes a wing that can shoot from all over the floor but he has some major exploitable flaws in his game. Someone like Bojan is much better with the ball in his hands, is a better defender and a better shooter but doesnt get nearly the same hype. I dont even think Tobias is as good as Gallo, same deficiencies but Gallo is more efficient
Vince Staples is the only Clippers fan I know of
Theres probably a long list of hockey players before Kawhi honestly
*Masai oncourt celebrating his NBA Championship with the Raptors" Woj: "Masai goin to the Wizards"
Masai lightyears ahead retaining his rights
Stats dont really tell the whole story however. Middleton is a much better shot creator which has a lot more value
He'll be remembered like Big L more so.
I mean most people, outside of Celtics fans were wary of Hayward's return, especially based on the poor reports of his recovery. Irving going off the deep end was definitely a surprise
Also Milos was kind of in a bad situation. I thought he did well for the Clips last season and didnt get any run this year because of how guard heavy the Clips were. They invested Shai and it moved Milos out of the rotation
IT
Idk why but Ive genuinely really enjoyed airport restaurants and food options. Definitely on the pricier side but Ive had fantastic food experiences outta the airports I commonly fly from or through (Atlanta, Charlotte, Chicago, Toronto)
Only get a 5 minute major for a fight. No suspensions
tbf French is probably a hard accent to get right, right? I imagine there would be a ton of dialects and variations because of how global the language is.
They would have to give off assets which might make sense to land D'lo. Trading a 1st, Okogie, other draft capitol to unload Wiggins for the ability to sign D'lo. They would be in essence trading for D'lo/more specifically trading space for him
JD and the Straight Shots play Despacito
JD and the Straight Shots play Better Find a Church
But I wouldnt say guys like Lowry, VanVleet, or CP3 have long arms. Their arms seem pretty proportionate to their height. Those guys get steals because they get into the body of the defender and rack up off ball steals with exceptional bball IQ and anticipation
Its an American tradition to boo at the drafts. Like you said, its like a wrestling promo, I love it
But even at the time, people were criticizing the move because of the discrepancy in value. It was kind of odd they had to attach a 1st rounder to deal away a player on his rookie contract who showed potential
I think its less to do with defensive effort and more to do with the skill and expansion of an NBA offense. The game has just evolved so much offensively from an advanced statistical, coaching, and skill standpoint that great offense beats great defense. Its multi facetted. Teams try to scheme for the most efficient/most points per possession shot available which is around the basket and 3s. In the past, you just give the ball to the best player and have a lot of iso's which generate these "defensive battles" people memorialize over. The skill has also gotten infinitely better. You need multi-faceted players that can handle, pass the ball and shoot or you get exploited. Nowadays big men can shoot and space the floor which draws help defense out of the paint. In the 2000's and prior, it was common to pack the paint which of course meant there was a lot of congestion and more shot contesting going on which to the average eye looks like more defensive effort but in reality its just the offense has opened up more leading to more efficient basketball. The above is why teams like the 7 seconds or less Suns and Prime Dwight Howard surrounded by shooters Magic took the league by storm. They didnt let those 2000s defenses set up or succeed in their pack the paint, leading to poor efficiency manor Id even argue the defense from a talent perspective got better as players have had to become more dynamic and switchable defensively.
If you look strictly at volume than you may as well retroactively give Jerry Stackhouse an MVP in the early 2000's
Hassan is one of the bigger empty stats players in the league. He might fool some people on paper but if you watch him play he fails the eye test big time. Poor bball IQ, lots of mistakes, sloppy play, half hearted effort a lot of the time. He gets blocks but his team defense and positioning is bad and on offense hes limited
Thats a very good point. A lot of bottom feeder teams draft and put a ton of stock in potential trying to find a franchise player but dont have the infrastructure or culture in place to develop that raw talent so it creates a cycle of suck. These orgs like the Raptors, Heat, Spurs, or even the Pacers, will draft a mix of NBA polished/ready talent and high potential talent. This is really the mix you want because the NBA polished players can build a foundation of solid play, fill an immediate need and elevate the current play of the team which allows the high potential guys to develop in a stable environment. But the draft expert suggested "low ceiling" players also tend to grow in unison because of their Bball IQ and already solid foundation which they can grow upon. And with bad teams what ends up happening a lot of times, is the high potential player might bust because of the culture around him and the polished "low ceiling" player drafted to teams like the "Raptors, Heat, Spurs, Pacers etc, really grows into a contributing NBA player and asset. Example, you gotta guy like Frank Ntlinkina drafted on pure potential by a desperate organization trying to find their point guard of the future but you dont have the infrastructure or team around him to properly develop him; thus being stuck in the cycle of suck and that player potentially busting. Where as the Raptors for instance will draft a guy like Fred VanVleet who went undrafted in the 1st two rounds, who was incredibly polished player but deemed as a "low ceiling player" by draft experts. Same can be applied to Tyler Herro and Duncan Robinson for the Heat. But now that "low ceiling player", Fred VanVleet, is averaging 18ppg, 7apg and has done a great job as a floor general when Lowry has been out vs Ntlikina who hasnt developed
As long as he can harness it in a positive light, like Boban, than all the power to him. I think most people just get some red flags, especially if anyones seen the Andre The Giant doc where it can take a dark turn or heck, even as a Howard Stern fan apart of you feels bad about some of the Whackpackers fandom
It is kind of neutered. The fan votes are worth 50% and the media and players is worth 25% each. So at the end of the day, you still need the support of the players or media to actually get in
I was fully prepared to buy a Fun Guy NB tshirt from New Balance's store after seeing Kawhi wear the shirt and I think it even dropped on their US ecommerce site but it was unavailable on NB's Canadian site. I just gave up and bought a knockoff. His entire time in Toronto they had issues promoting or selling Kawhi merch. Either no availability or product to be sold and didnt capitolize on the hype. He wore a cool NB fit to one game and I even tried looking for the outfit from their online store and dm'd NB Canada if they sold the pants and jacket and couldnt find it or get a response. They really struck out on the Canadian market and the hype he built last year
CP3 being the leader of the team and having the team fly to games is definitely cancerous
smh I hate all these high scoring games where teams dont play defense
Game of the year candidate tbh
Its so odd. Something you don't see as frequently in other sports
Iverson used to lead the league in steals. Accumulating like 2 steals a game isnt a good metric to evaluate defense. The best way to evaluate defense according to players, analysts, and even coaches and scouts has always been the eye test because there are so many variables at play. Drummond doesnt pass the eye test. His positioning and awareness isnt that good and his effort at times is lacking
I want to go eat BBQ with Romeo Crennel
CWebb is the Booger McFarland of NBA broadcasting
Booger wants Watson to go back to college confirmed
Josh Allen runs the ball down field and completes a 1st down to setup the game tying fg. r/nfl this guys sucks
Re-sign Bill O'brien long term
I kinda like that when Iran made a national security threat, everyone turned it into a meme. I kinda love the era we live in
I remember when r/nba said that about Wall lol. I think the team ball movement go way up when Sato was the pg and it started the Ewing effect
Same thing happened to the Wiz when Wall went out I think either last year or the year prior.
Ish Smith: Is a point guard Washington Wizards: Are an NBA team
Thats what made 2011 so special. People forget but Dirk had a negative Playoff perception before he won that title. He was labeled as soft and a choker. Kinda had to deal with the same perception Harden currently faces
I might need another angle on that one chief. I think Kyle flopped on that Melo swipe
Reddit seems like the last place I would go for relationship advice
Also inspires Japans young basketball talent to wear cups
They are great when you watch them strictly for entertainment and not actual merit.
Popular parody account on Twitter https://twitter.com/MegaTroopLover. Hes also the guy that fooled Skip Bayless into saying CP3 made fun of James Harden’s man boobs on national tv https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c2j7w7/skip_bayless_fell_for_a_fake_report_about_cp3/
America has a massive Missile Defense program which in their mission statement says &gt; The Missile Defense Agency's (MDA) mission is to develop and deploy a layered Missile Defense System to defend the United States, its deployed forces, **allies, and friends** from missile attacks in all phases of flight. Theres been philosophical discussions on Canadian politics on an over-reliance on the US whether it be through geopolitical matters like trade but also military involvement and I guess this would also mean national defense. I would presume maybe naively that if an intercontinental missile were to target Canadian soil that as a strategic ally and partner of the US, we would be protected via sites the US has setup. Our major population hubs are in such close proximity to US mainland that I dont think this would be an issue. Another point is I think AA defense most commonly discussed would be irrelevant for these major cities. If Canada was in threat of missile attack, it would be from an ICBM. Systems like Israel's Iron Dome cant intercept ICBM's. The government would need to build long range missile silo's with anti-icbm capabilities in the middle of nowhere which the US already has relatively close to the border already. I think they have sites in the flyover states like Montanta &amp; North/South Dakota
We must bubble wrap all the Canadian rock legends from brain cancers
"Property comes with a built in geiger counter. Increases the property value a couple hundred dollars"
Crazy to think the Spurs had opportunities to get Lowry (in FA) and Siakam at different points
Bruh, how many 15 year pros go back into the workforce. Its not like hes a 2nd rd pick that only played 2 seasons
Aaron Rodgers is pretty decent
You still have to play. The Packers played better. The reason the Packers won isnt because of a ticky tacky spot. Seattle shouldnt have given up that yardage in the first place. Its clear they still need to build back the defense which is why they lost, not the refs
JV ended Joakim Noah's career with his pump fakes
I'd argue Kawhi is a better offensive player than Kyrie but Kyrie is harder to guard if that makes sense.
Hes like a more ball dominant 1st year version Malcolm Brogdon
Yes, Ja averaging 18ppg on worse efficiency with the same offensive limitations is currently better than DeMar because that makes sense
You should check out Boston fans reaction to their cheating scandal. They have handled it exceptionally well, 1000x better than Stro fans
Maybe of all time
Tom Hanks also owns property on Lake Muskoka. Snoop Dogg used to come up a bit as well. Steph Curry also comes up to golf and hang out
Hes also appeared in a porno. The Xavier Woods, Brad Maddox, Paige interracial tag team is the greatest tag team of all time next to the Dudley Boyz imo
Probably Greek Giannis stans. Every Euro player and Lebron have that rabid fanbase that will deflect blame on teammates
When Muscala gets a good look he scares me because I keep mistaking him for Gallo
Shout-out to Derrick Rose,
Ya, I normally despise the Yankees but I feel they got absolutely jobbed. Im a baseball fan first and this whole cheating scandal is a disgrace to baseball and the MLB
This video basically sold me on going Talladega and tailgating
From what I recall it seemed really average. Like maybe 6 inches at most and average girth
What happened to Ed Davis? I thought he was good
But the gods don't intend anything for the Mariners..
A family member of mine works pretty high up for a Canadian company that prides itself on being Made in Canada and all they do is bring in temp workers to work in the Canadian factories. The manufacturing process doesnt add manufacturing jobs to the local economy. It was pretty eye opening
But the decision to move the labor to Mexico was made well before his term so it seems very unreasonable to associate his term with these layoffs considering this was already set in motion prior. Manufacturing job losses in key swing states are the very reason Trump won the election. Not offering an endorsement of Trump here but this is my interpretation on the matter
How does this even happen in a basketball game
Ian Mahimni is a legend for getting that contract
That poll is facts. Shai is a 2 way player, consistent and plays super fundamental basketball. Maybe Murray and Wiggins have more pure talent but Shai makes more winning basketball plays
Good thing Kawhi plays with that intensity throughout in big games
They are already 3rd seed in the East having missed most of the starters and key rotational players for extended stretches
Im not sold on Ben's fit next to Embiid but hes clearly a very good player. He's a 6'9 point guard and very good and versatile defender.
VanVleet being 5th in the league in steals as a 6ft pg with average athleticism is amazing. Love that dude
Raptors are playing like they ate a bunch of fried chicken, grits and collard greens before tip-off
We celebrate Norman Powell day here
CP3 is kinda like Nash offensively but an All NBA defender.
Im trying to think who's worst, Joe Tessitore &amp; Booger McFarland?
Freddie Kitchens def buys frozen Walmart patties that he freezer burns
Depends on the industry really.
*this sub is astroturfed
Oklahoma was having none of that with the quick cut lol
By woke I meant just calculated and within reason. When you start putting and Ja, Drose and Drummond on your ballot it shows you arent looking for substance or are just looking at the wrong things
Spicy Bean
Kyrie will probably start spouting some psuedo-philosophical bullshit proclaiming Kobe as a martyr or something
Man, Kobe looks so washed. This is so embarrassing. Doubt he cracks 10pts on the game
Julius Randle is gonna be a beast! Just wait til he develops a jumper... Boogie 2.0
tbf wide receiver isnt typically the smart person position. Thats usually QB, Middle Linebacker and safety. Being the leader, primary shot creator and facilitator on an NBA team requires a deeper understanding and communication skill than wide receiver
Basically every female hoopers dream is to play for the UConn's women program. You dont really see it elsewhere. Making that team is like the pinnacle accomplishment for those girls
Its like the feeling I get of Tim Duncan when I submit my tax form
I cant wait til Paige Bueckers gets drafted. Ive never seen a female hooper as exciting or as good as her before. Shes an 18 year old high schooler and already has a complete game
I keep seeing threads pop-up and reading articles and the sadness keeps coming. Just listened to Cabbie's interview and it he had me tearing up
Ive always though guard defense is overrated but Trae Young makes prime Jose Calderon look like NBA All Defensive 1st Team. Dude kills his team's defense Fred VanVleet straight line drove right past him on a drive ago
Im so pissed they havent addressed Lowry's franchise leading assist moment. Lowry deserves the standing O.
That bronze ass gonna be so fat.
Ive also found the people most racist towards Asians, is other Asians
Mitch would be an amazing player on almost any other team but the Knicks. Swap him and Bam Adebayo and Bam would probably struggle as well
Its insane how much of an impact Lowry makes on the floor as 6ft non-flashy point guard. Zach Lowe probably said it best https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/28483078/lowe-nba-all-stars-24-players-plus-biggest-debates &gt; Lowry is just a brilliant, winning player. Every second he is on the floor, he is doing the exact right thing -- half-rotations on defense, extra passes, impromptu screens, little shifts along the arc to open up driving lanes, late switches, tipped rebounds. Because he is a threat everywhere -- as a shooter, cutter and quick-twitch passer -- defenses follow every one of those moves. When eyeballs fixate on Lowry, other Raptors slip into the void. &gt; The guy is a basketball algorithm come to life. Masai Ujiri and the Raptors front office take a lot of credit for finding players but I think a big part of that is on Lowry. Players fit seamlessly around him like a Bismack Biyombo or Chris Boucher or some secondary playmaker or spot up shooter. Dude just makes everyone around him better and consistently leads a Top seeded team in the Eastern Conference.
Wasnt that guy fired over that? That was such a dumb controversy
That Bill Burr bit always gets me. Also get a laugh from Daniel Tosh's bit on it as well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyyKLqlNTCM
I still dont know if thats a good idea either. Fast food places run on a franchisee model. You arent destroying Wendy's corporate hq. Youre destroying someones Wendy's franchise. And then you fuck things up for the employees that work at these places that need to fix this shit or are part time and just wont get hours until everything is all cleaned up
Police state
And all the brothas getting no love
This is commonly said on used 996's but I would figure at this point, most 996's on the road have had it done by now at some point during the ownership(s)
Thinking of getting a JDM import to Canada. Does anyone have any knowledge on how difficult or costly is to find insurance on right hand drive imports? Im in Ontario and the specific model would be a 2nd Gen Toyota Century. Ive loosely read that its difficult to underwrite/insure RHD imports because of the potential/increased driving risk on LHD dominated roads, lack of part support, lack of a cross reference, etc. Also apparently theres administrative issues relating to the insurance company's web/file reporting with the difference in VIN's as the Japanese market does it differently. Anyone have experience insuring a JDM RHD car? Much love and appreciation
It would make sense. Theres a lot of financial uncertainty due to the pandemic. A lot of unemployment and a lot of people unsure of their job security
Perfect time to lose money and get COVID in Vegas then!
The top tennis players always make huge amounts. One as others have pointed out, is the money in the sport and wealth of the audience. The other is the talent disparity allows them to the sole face of brand. I feel like being the face of a lesser popular sport is more valuable than being a star in crowded popular sport. When you think of running, you basically only think of Usain Bolt same with swimming with Phelps. I think that gives them more brand power. I think Tiger Woods helped illustrate that too with Nike. Nike Golf rose and fell with Tiger's career essentially.
Never really thought of that but youre right, screen time is the most valuable asset for a brand. Its why NASCAR and F1 teams at the back of the pack are on absolute shoe string budgets even though the field is relatively small all things considered. I also hypothesized that Nike Golf failed due to Tiger going through his injury struggles and having to reinvent himself through the 2010s for that reason. There was no exposure to the brand on tv
Fultz is actually a good defender tho.
The old school Chevy Bel Air is one of my all time fav styled cars of all time. Classic American land yachts are beauties
Ours had a drum line.
I feel like Gus will be the cockroach of the OGs and just last forever even if its just hosting the podcast. It seems like one of his only passion projects and his only outlet other than his wife to talk about things. I also have a feeling the more of an outward personality you are, makes you harder to replace if it would ever come from the Fullscreen side, so Gus and Geoff are last to go
Thats Seattle
Did the manufacturers not test drive that car lol
Kyrie was gonna start his own league at Universal Studios
At least KD is a Top 3 NBA player when healthy
Division in the Nets locker room. Theo Pinson and Levert didnt get the invite
Feel bad they didnt get the invite /s
Im confused by this comment. He makes fun of Trump all the time
His deep ball was good when targeting John Brown, the Bills only deep ball threat. Turns out Cole Beasley and Andre Roberts werent good deep ball targets for him which isnt a shocker
I know the daughter of a baptist preacher and she is just an extremely nice outstanding individual. She got pregnant out of wedlock (at a very reasonable age I might add in her late 20s) and she was shunned from the baptist Church/community. Absolute Psychos
Well I guess most of us wont care when the sucker that buys this has to resell it for 40k in 5 years
Its because hes a redneck conservative so Reddit obviously doesnt like him. I think deep down hes a nice guy but he just has political views that people dont agree with. Hes done free shows in Detroit, shows for the troops overseas, caps merch and ticket sales, and he seems pretty good to fans in public he just has different political opinions
Got some of the stories mixed up. He was thrown out at 14 years old and stayed with a rapper friend in Mount Clemens projects for a few weeks and then ran away from home later on. https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-features/the-low-times-and-high-life-of-kid-rock-200153/ The timeline Im thinking of, is he left for good at 17 to pursue being a hiphop artist and dj in Detroit
Playoffs are slow half court oriented basketball. You get way less fast break chances. In terms of defending Simmons, its a challenge for mediocre teams but when up against good playoff teams, a great wing defender can adequately guard him in space. And due to his predictability, a good team defense can shut him down with solid help rotations. Then off ball, hes a non factor so theres no issue defending him there
I tend to agree because teams occasionally still flash help and semi contest Draymond if he has an open look where as teams totally disregard Simmons. Draymond also has the edge defensively. But Simmons offers things Draymond doesnt. Simmons is a natural ball handler so hes more of a threat to the rim and a natural pg so hes a better passer especially with an established dribble. His ability as a natural ball handler creates passing opportunities Draymond doesnt generate
Most airlines have a mandatory face covering policy in place rn
&gt; Also golf is a pretty socially distant sport as you don’t need to get near your competitors for the most part Yup, also thats why I think its more on the golfers to blame rather than the sport/PGA Tour to blame. They are most likely contracting it outside the umbrella of competition.
ROCKETS STAYING IN THE SAME HOTEL AS THE MAGIC LMAOOOOOOO GRAND FLORIDIAN IS A POVERTY 4.5 STAR HOTEL
Y'all have a crazy inflated view of private security if you think they are more qualified or professional than police. Most private security are basically people not cut out or unqualified for the police
Massage seat technology is just advancing so quickly
We'll graduate from smashing through tables to steel ladders and chairs
One NA, one NB, one NC
I want him to do "Russians for Trump" where he has a sign in Russian supporting Trump while doing a fake Russian accent trolling the crowd boasting how a Trump presidency is good for Russia. Id love if leaned into a KGB character
Bingo. Somewhere like 15-20% of Bills season ticket holders are Canadian and live in Southern Ontario. I dont know how many of them would switch teams as with the people that already have their NFL team
I like idea just not the design
