Origins is written to be played after 1&amp;2 and is playing off your knowledge of the story.
No RNG to that fight at all, just a very specific order you have to play it in. Once I followed that I won easily...
The second playthrough optional boss in Tokyo Mirage Sessions is pretty insane. The recommended prep for it on Japanese guides involved hundred of hours of grinding.
I really hated it. The story is super bland and forgettable, and the battle system made no sense to me at all. I kept hoping it would click but it never did.
I definitely feel like there should have been a little more leeway. The strategy involved didn't even make much sense to me as I did it, and since I didn't really get why it was working, it didn't feel like a puzzle solution or anything, either. Not in a rush to do nightmare playthroughs on any other games.
Have you tried making it with avocado oil instead of cream? The cream does have a trace amount of carbs in it.
I'm not normally a fan of this type of show, but I really enjoyed it. Treating the monster traits as mild quirks was refreshing.
The Tokyopop version was done by Alexander O. Smith, generally considered one of the best translators in the business.
Tokyo Xanadu's good. Not Falcom's best game in the writing department, but I actually enjoyed the combat more than Ys VIII; the emphasis on moving swiftly and keeping a combo going was fun to adapt to. And it wasn't constantly knocking you to the ground. Blue Reflection I've been eyeing for a while myself since the writer is Sigsawa Keiichi, who did Kino's Journey and the Gun Gale Online spinoff. Just don't think I can justify it over $30 with my backlog.
None of them do. Light novels are for teenagers and above, who are expected to know at least a 1000 odd kanji. Children's literature might be doable, but really you're better off sticking to shonen manga until you learn enough kanji.
Hmm, the same screenwriter as Lu Over the Wall is a little worrying; the script was the weakest part of that. Hopefully they take a little more time and actually solve the script's problems before starting work this time.
Yeah, she's got quite a resume. I think it's less an issue of talent and more a new studio rushing to get a film in production. Hopefully a little more time in the engine while make for a more polished script.
US theatrical release was listed as 'winter' last I heard. The novel is out March 19th.
I thought the additional material vastly inferior to the source. There was a lot of comedy that felt out of place and unenjoyable.
It's by the same author as Karazai Jozu no Takagi-san, which is why he drew both characters on this cover.
Boogiepop
It came out eleven years after Columbine...
I'm 39. I find the Switch works best as a second console, playing your side game. Like, I have some endless AAA game on my PS4, and I'm slowly working through it, but I can play quick indie games on my Switch as well, and can leave the AAA game suspended.
The same director did Gunbuster 2 and The Dragon Dentist. Neither of those hit that particular vibe at all, but they're clearly the work of the same mind.
Future Boy Conan?
The Japanese title of the first novel is Boogiepop wa warawanai, which translates as either Boogipeop Doesn't Laugh or Boogiepop Doesn't Smile. Even in the Japanese edition, it always had the alternative English title Boogiepop and Others. Since the initial US release was published alongside a manga adaption, they used Boogiepop Doesn't Laugh for the manga, and Boogiepop and Others for the first novel.
Koe no Katachi has multiple suicide attempts in it and is absolutely not appropriate for children.
Probably also worth mentioning Crunchyroll is doing a Fathom event for the first episode (and the Reigen OVA.)
It looks like it ended at six and the Seikaiichi Hatsukoi series is ongoing with a different main character. The Japanese wikipedia is more up-to-date than the English one. https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E4%B8%80%E5%88%9D%E6%81%8B#%E6%A8%AA%E6%BE%A4%E9%9A%86%E5%8F%B2%E3%81%AE%E5%A0%B4%E5%90%88
Googling suggests most spiders are colorblind.
The logic is sometimes a little obtuse. There are plenty of non-spoiler guides to help you get through it when you can't figure out the right options. The translation in the second game made this necessary more often, since they didn't give it the level of polish word puzzles really need. The only really frustrating thing was a few shooting games when you had a VERY tiny window to hit the right answer, and have to loop the whole conversation every time you miss it.
I think I found the SAO rapists less frustrating. At least they meant to be evil!
Drifting Dragons. It's hands down the best manga coming out in English, and could really use the profile boost. Get that thing a print edition!
There was an event last week where they showed the first three episodes (which cover the first novel.) Reactions on Twitter were really positive, but several people were concerned that the first episode wouldn't really hook viewers who aren't familiar with the source material. Airing the first two episodes together should really help with that!
There was an event last week where they showed the first three episodes (which cover the first novel.) Reactions on Twitter were really positive, but several people were concerned that the first episode wouldn't really hook viewers who aren't familiar with the source material. Airing the first two episodes together should really help with that!
Boogiepop explains this! Boogiepop floats to the surface of the host body like a sinister bubble. Sinister-&gt;Boogie (like the boogieman) and bubbles-&gt;pop. Extremely "English is my second language" for sure, but there is a logic to it.
Make sure you read up on the differences between the Vita and PS4 versions, as they're substantial.
Then you've got nothing to worry about! (The PS4 version is a remake of the Vita version and adds a lot of content.)
This is an adaption of the original source material. Boogiepop Phantom was an anime original sequel to the first novel, while this is adapting at least the first three novels.
This is adapting the original novel.
Bear in mind the author is such a big Jojo fan he wrote Purple Haze Feedback.
Yeah, you can either start with the source material (Seven Seas have six volumes out digitally, and a print omnibus with the first three) or this new series. Boogiepop Phantom will make a lot more sense watched after that.
Content wise. I believe it runs at 30fps instead of 60.
Boogiepop Phantom and the first novel are not obviously influenced by Jojo. From the second novel on the influence starts to be more obvious. Certainly more in the clever uses of weird powers than the flamboyant posing side of Jojo, though. The weird diversions into whatever he was into this week are also a pretty telling hallmark. One of Kadono's recent books was about psychic bluffing at each other over competitive Jenga.
The first novel definitely uses the same narrative trick as Phantom did, and the first three episodes will adapt that. Later novels playing with perspective from time to time but not as much. Boogiepop Phantom's tone doesn't really resemble the source material, though. They really upped the horror aspects of it. Since this is adapting the source material, the tone should be more accurate--the trailers look exactly like I pictured it from the novels.
Several other people have said as much, but I hadn't come across that story before this thread. Or if I did I forgot it!
I saw a pretty great quote about the series in Japanese the other day. It said that "If you want to write about friendship in a light novel, you got to disguise it so heavily!" There is action and horror and the odd shocking twist, but there's a strong focus on characters and interactions. Kadono's characters are much more fleshed out and three dimensional that a lot of light novels; we tend to regularly see new sides of them, so our impressions of who they are are constantly shifting.
Well, [this new adaption](/s "they've cut Kimura entirely,") so whether that survives...
I don't mind the switching characters, but Falcom seem to be incapable of making readable animations, so the timed blocks and dodges are a total shitshow. Ys VIII made it worse by having enemies knock you down forever, and as a result was really frustrating to play. Hoping for some serious overhaul. Like I thought Tokyo Xanadu was way better combat...
You're suggesting Keanu ate Martin Lawrence?
Can't tell you anything about the Steam version but I can tell you the translation was patched ages ago and the new one is totally fine.
The anime covered the first nine novels. The fourth arc is novels 10-15, the same length as the third arc. They compressed the third arc a lot compared to the first two, so they could maybe get two cours out of that (haven't read it yet, but will be soon) but four seasons isn't very accurate.
I'm assuming she just forgot her pants and is too tsundere to admit it.
Nine is the end of the third arc. I believe there is some content in nine it didn't cover. Setup for the next arc and the like.
CS3 is the best of the four games. CS4 uses the same structure as CS2 and it has the same problems--all the airship fast traveling just kills any sense of urgency. The game feels really padded and indulgent. It's better than CS2, and I was mostly happy with the final result, but it took me 185 hours and I feel like it should have been 50 less. Hoping they overhaul a lot of things about the series for the next Trails game.
Vamp!
I would rate the series Ao&gt;SC&gt;CS3&gt;CS1&gt;FC&gt;CSIV&gt;Zero&gt;CSII&gt;3rd so... The new batch of characters brought in in CS3 are generally very strong, and help fix some of the issues with the CS1 cast. They're quite willing to dunk on Rean a lot, particularly in 3. Juna fills the Estelle role of speaking what's on the audiences mind a lot and cutting through the bullshit. But the old cast is still around and this creates insane bloat. Every decision or big speech needs input from fucking 25 people and it takes forever. I really hope the next game is more focused in that department. (Everyone levels whether you use them or not so party management isn't bad at all.) Ultimately I think it's a satisfactory resolution that doesn't quite hit the emotional highs of the previous series cappers.
I did some googling in Japanese and wasn't able to find anything to back this rumor up.
I thought the main cast was really dull, the plot took forever to get started, and the last act didn't really deliver any big twists the way CS1 and Sky1 had led me to expect. Ao made up for it! Edit: It was also the first one I played in Japanese. In generally I think the localizations improve the writing a lot. The character's personalities are better reflected in the dialogue. Everyone sort of sounds the same in Japanese, and there's a lot more repetition. I've gotten used to it over time but it was a real struggle at first.
I wasn't a huge fan of the story in 4, so bear that in mind. The progression is a huge improvement. Instead of grinding forever to purchase things you're generally unlocking everything steadily just playing normally, without really having to go out of your way to get anything. I've only played 5 so far, but the social link writing was generally better than the actual game. There's a pleasant looseness to it, many of them feature multiple characters so they get to bounce off each other rather than a silent protagonist, and they aren't all being awkwardly forced into the overarching theme of the game. I felt like the overall package wasted far less of my time and gave me much more of what I wanted out of it.
Save before making the decision, reload and choose the other ones, get all the trophies, then pick whichever one you like best. Or just go with best girl Fie on general principle. From a writing perspective, Musse's was my actual favorite.
I'm thinking about just making a Boogiepop FAQ to post in every thread...
I found the doors were absolutely worth it. The game around the doors was pretty weak. Hit all the doors you can and see if you're enjoying those enough to continue.
What the Boogiepop novels do is pretty unique. Even most imitators tend to have stronger connections. Maybe Persona (which is heavily influenced by it) is a clearer point of comparison, in that each game has a totally new cast and plot of its own but with common elements. Boogiepop is in all the books but rarely involved much in the plots (like, Igor and the Velvet Room play a larger role) and is sometimes referred to as a kyogen-mawashi, a role in traditional Japanese theater for a character who shows up to explain the transition between scenes but doesn't actually take part in them. There are several other recurring characters (more as the novels go on) but they are usually pursuing agendas of their own that just happen to intersect with the main narrative of this particular novel.
I did the same thing, and am increasingly unsure why I'm still watching. Every now and then it gets so blissfully unhinged that I can't quite cut it loose. But there's some fucked up shit buried under the hood of this one. An awful lot of ryona scenes, unlikable male leads constantly punching women in the face, but also refusing help from far more capable and interesting female characters at every turn...
I'd say catch up on the manga before reading the novel. Some of the stories reference later events.
Definitely.
Since characters don't level as fast if they aren't in the party, and don't level skills if you don't use them, and don't learn new skills if you aren't using them, you'll want to rotate everyone through regularly. None of them are bad, all of them had strengths and weaknesses, everyone has at least one solo fight. It's a long game and the variety created by swapping moves and characters helps it from getting old.
In Japan.
I lower the cream in the shakes and have an omelette as a fourth meal. Tops up the protein, keeps me from getting hungry, keeps me from craving solid food.
The Trails games simply have a lot more complexity. Since the story continues over the course of the nine games to date you end up with a lot more depth than series that hit the reset button with every game. Even within a game, they do a lot of world building through the eyes of the cast, so you're learning about things as they are. And the story doesn't just deal with simplistic good versus evil, but approaches it from a lot of different angles. I think I was sold on Cold Steel I when they managed to make me care about a plot involving an unfair tax hike. They're good at having characters make personal connections to these more complex themes, too. The downside is that this world building sometimes robs the main narrative of momentum, but for the patient, the payoffs are usually worth it. Ys and Tokyo Xanadu are more gameplay based, but they're a lot of fun in their own right.
I enjoyed it at first, but didn't make it thought the first season. Just way too much time between payoffs, and too many fakeouts. Probably the inevitable result of trying to do a slasher TV series, but still... I mean, it's still better than most slasher movies these days. Or indeed, ever.
Providence (1977) is really good.
The novels are definitely way better, but there's some pretty great animation and sequences in it.
I don't think it's the party that makes the old games better than the new ones, personally. I think it's the feel of the actual combat. The old games just feel crunchier. Falcom's animations aren't the best, and the emphasis on timed blocks and dodges that you can't time because the animations have no tells makes the battles feel super slapdash. If they pulled a Platinum and added flashes when you should dodge/block it would feel so much better. VIII was the worst of the bunch because of all the dinos knocking you down forever.
The director of the first One Punch Man season is working on [Boogiepop](https://youtu.be/drHWjdmy3lU) instead. Based on some of the best light novels around!
This one's actually adapting the novels instead of doing an original story. And Seven Seas has the first six novels translated digitally! (Print has an omnibus with 1-3, and a second with 4-6 in February.)
As is The Breadwinner! Although it's a lot more brutal...
Boogiepop is Madhouse, yeah. They've got this and the Saga of Tanya the Evil movie to kick the year off right.
This is for Boogiepop and Others, not Boogiepop Phantom. Phantom is not in this picture, since Phantom was an anime original character. According to the notes in the illustrators art book, this was a poster done for the '98 Dengeki Game Novel Prize Fair.
Sirius the Jaegar popped up on Netflix recently to zero buzz, but is probably the best thing they've added this year (after Devilman.) Really great production values and set pieces. The writing may be a little complicated for its own good, which might be why people didn't rave about it, but definitely well worth checking out.
Don't worry, Devilman: Crybaby wasn't even on the list they could vote from, so there was no way they could get it right.
Zemuria is the only continent in the Trails setting. The two series are not in the same world.
I wish they'd use basic sign posting that bigger budget games use. Just put some damn torches on the walls on the right path so I know not to go that way yet!
I prefer the game designers use a system like Trails or Lost Odyssey to ensure I'm the right level.
You could always watch Without a Clue, with Ben Kingsley and Michael Caine, instead. It's actually good.
I translated Boogiepop, so obviously I'm a pretty big fan. They aren't really mystery novels, though they have the feel of a mystery (and the Zeroth Maria author seems to have been heavily influenced by them.) The series is more of a dark urban fantasy; the human race is starting to evolve, people are getting strange powers, and other forces are trying to maintain the status quo by taking them out. Each novel has a different main cast with some recurring supporting characters, and the title character rarely plays a major part. There are six volumes out digitally, and a couple of ominbus print editions (the second in Feb) as well as a new anime this season that's adapting the first few novels
I can't speak for them. My personal hope is that the new anime drives sales and I get to translate more. Since there's no ongoing storyline you at least don't have to worry about cliffhanger endings; it could stop after any volume and feel equally complete.
You've got the two best ones left to go!
Devilman Crybaby with A Place Further Than the Universe close behind, just for two polar opposites. Penguin Highway might take their place if they'd hurry up and release it already.
As far as point number two, if someone asking a girl (or boy) out the first time start with either of those words the only rational reaction would be to run away screaming. They're way too strong for an interaction between people who haven't even started dating. There's a reason confessions always use 'suki' -- it's the appropriate word for it. Using a stronger word makes you sound like a crazy stalker.
There is no version of five readily available--I was talking about Origin.
Boogiepop is adapting my all time favorite light novels, so that's number one with a bullet. Mob Psycho season one was great so hopefully two keeps it going.
Is he the same one who disappeared for a while?
Who the hell buys quartz when ones specifically tailed for your new prototype have been thoughtfully left in random ancient dungeons and enemy lairs the world over?
And the coach looks like a total pedophile so I was excepting a shocking twist but there wasn't one
Honestly, it sounds like you've benefited from tempered expectations. While those of us who watched it as it was aired probably had really inflated expectations and were excessively disappointed as a result. Sometimes that works against a show and you end up going, "Why was everyone hyping THAT?" but that's just the nature of opinions. Take others opinions with a grain of salt, trust your own feelings on the matter, and try to resist the impulse to get hyperbolic when giving your opinions on stuff.
I've really enjoyed other Muso games, but Dragon Quest Heroes was awful. Really limited move sets which made the characters no fun to play, and for some reason they changed the objectives up so instead of capturing bases, you have to beat every monster, which means every mission trails how in this boring hunt for the last few stragglers. I didn't even manage to get through the story mode. (I've heard the sequel was better...) Dragon Quest Builders or Dragon Quest XI would be a much better choice. Pirate Warriors 3 if you're looking to try a Muso game.
Honestly, the best Muso games I've played by far are Hyrule and Fire Emblem Warriors, so if you've got a Switch...
I knew it was out the 31st but just assumed that was a Sunday because that's when HBO shit comes out.
Full on sequel to the TV series, covering events mostly from the fourth novel. They mess with the novel timeline a bit so she can have some giant ass magic duels with Mary Sue.
This was apparently a compromise required to get the discount for buying four bags to work.
Rancid farts.
A good game in this genre can be super satisfying. Etrian Odyssey and Persona Q prove grid-based dungeon crawls can be really meaty experiences. Zanki Zero and Mary Skelter were both pretty bad games, so I wouldn't recommend judging the entire genre on those. (I actually haven't managed to find any dungeon crawlers I liked besides the Atlus ones...but that's another matter.)
It was the writing that turned me against it rather than the gameplay, so maybe I didn't last long enough to judge it on that front. These games do tend to get more complex the further you go.
Japanese female characters are often cast with higher pitched voices than I imagined based on the source material.
Subaru's outside perspective is pretty integral. He's unaware of any of the historical bias against demi-humans or half-elves in particular, which allows him to be the first person who can just be friends with Emilia like a normal person. Japan's legends about oni give him a different perspective on Rem and Ram, too. This may be slightly clearer in the novels, but his isekai status has been pretty vital the entire time and continues to be, even as the story progresses.
It definitely shows its age. The feel of the controls is a lot...squishier? The equivalent to the adventure mode isn't as fleshed out and quickly just gets super grindy. I had fun with it despite those complaints, but I'm also a fan of the IP, which definitely helps a lot.
3rd. Both games I've played from the PS3/PS4 overlap era don't feel as crunchy as the more recent games.
TV series covers to somewhere in the third volume. Movie technically covers through most of the fourth volume, but moves up some events from later volumes.
The events are the same, but the approach is so different it's an entirely new experience. The anime is about what happens and how bad ass it is and the novel is about why all that happens and how events are perceived.
I read a random sampling of Twitter comments, mostly very pumped about the 'kaiju pro wrestling' and the use of all the original music.
Thank god J-Novel licensed rescued the source novels for Crest and Banner.
It is the greatest anime ever done. I swear Discotec announced it ages ago. When the hell is the Bluray coming out? I want to buy the series a fourth time! (VHS&gt;Japanese DVD&gt;Media Blasters DVD&gt;Discotec Bluray.)
Deadly Premonition.
Boogiepop is all about kids with weird superpowers trying to survive with them.
Sleeping Dogs is big budget HK action movies, while this is straight to video Japanese yakuza movies.
There's definitely a meta component to it that is better appreciated if you're well versed in the tropes it's riffing on and upending.
I've read the novels, so unsure how the anime handled this. I believe the anime adapted the first two novels, which were all that existed at the time. The anime staff asked her a bunch of questions during preproduction, and that got her inspired to write two more novels set years later, after Erin is married with a kid. In those novels she's married to Ia-lu (at least, that's what Wikipedia says the name is romanized to...)
They're both terms that were originally developed to refer to the more obnoxious members of a fanbase, but then got adopted and owned by less obnoxious members until the insulting connotations largely died out. Older fans may still use them in the original sense, but that meaning is increasingly lost on younger ones. Like personally, I would generally use 'otaku' for fans laser focused on specific subgenres who don't care about any other genres and don't really distinguish good or bad within their subgenre. And I'd use weeb to refer to anime fans who are relatively new to the hobby, only watch the most popular stuff, and are likely prone to peppering their speech with the ten Japanese words they know. But both of those definitions have been lost to time...
I really enjoyed the first seven volumes of the manga. But I was less big on the Soul Society arc. When that finally ended it seemed like it was getting interesting again but then he abruptly abandoned all the storylines he was setting up to do what felt like a desperate attempt to recreate the success of Soul Society, at which point I finally gave up on it ever being what I'd like about it again.
The source material is always the way to go. Just keep reading it.
The reason the Toh convention was worked out is because the sound is nothing like an English "oo". You show someone with no knowledge of Japanese Toh, they'll pronounce it correctly. If you show them Too, they'll say 'too.'
There were some adaption choices that were dubious, but the production values are totally fine.
The listing for this mentions the series had topped 8.2 million copies sold.
That's not quite right. She's afraid to say anything that could be construed as cowardice because that could damage her career prospects. The result of avoiding any such statements makes her look like a hawk. The novels get a lot of mileage out of the gap between Tanya's own perceptions and those of everyone around her, but she's also constantly figure out that this gap exists and trying to adjust for it. But by that time she's usually talked herself into a hole there's no getting out of...
It's pretty bad, though. Like Bravely Default, the whole system revolves around party play but for some reason the plot has the party split all the time, and sometimes you're straight up playing solo and they don't change the balance to accommodate that so it's suddenly hard as balls.
I think there's a lot of fascinating weirdness around the edges, but it has a tendency to focus on the more mundane aspects instead. I found the second season to be the most successful in that sense (although I seemed to be the only person who liked the lizardmen) and the third was sort of a disaster. I wish it would lean into the weirdness and stop trying to make me care about humans. (Then again, my favorite part of the show was the crime fighting butler so...) One Punch Man is an odd comparison because that's a comedy. Overpowered characters inherently work better in comedy than drama because you don't need dramatic stakes if you've kept it funny. I am generally totally fine with no dramatic stakes if you're being interesting in other ways, whether that's a weird off-kilter perspective or just a likeable cast worth hanging out with.
It's a great movie, but not one most people would ever be up for twice. It's just super harrowing. A movie about the effect of war on two Japanese children would gain nothing by showing other perspectives. We don't need to cut away to American soldiers or the Japanese prime minister or whatever. That's not what the story is about.
I was skittish about the time limits, too. But after playing Rorona and Sophie, I think these games really benefit from it. It's NEVER a problem actually meeting the main goal. But balancing the side goals with progressing through the dungeons provides a healthy dose of tension and makes you think about what you're doing and plan ahead. (I may have rolled back a few saves, but not *too* many.) Sophie is a decent game, too, but lacked any tension or momentum and felt poorly paced as a result. Never felt addicted to it.
Almost no jrpgs are grindy these days. Most of them are designed to have you around the boss level if you don't run from fights. Tends to be a bit easy to overlevel if you're exploring thoroughly. There are still some with optional superbosses that would require a significant grind, but I usually just don't bother.
Given the smaller page size, the actual word count is gonna be well below Tanya 2. It's still definitely more than twice the length of your average light novel and Danmachi is above average difficulty (though not Tanya hard...) so your point definitely stands.
Danmachi done Etrian Odyssey style. I don't want to play as the Hestia family, I want to create my own character, pick a familiar, and start mapping that damn dungeon. Play with a blacksmithing or apocathary focus if I wanna.
Hunh. I went and counted rows and characters just to see, and despite the page size, they're both 17 rows of 42 characters. Page size makes absolutely no difference at all!
People will call it UchiMusume even thought the kanji is read 'ko' here.
The kanji is musume, but in this title it's being read 'ko.' Not sure what you mean by the second statement, but my source is J-Novel Club's twitter account, so they should know. See all the [Japanese Wikipedia](https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E3%81%86%E3%81%A1%E3%81%AE%E5%A8%98%E3%81%AE%E7%82%BA%E3%81%AA%E3%82%89%E3%81%B0%E3%80%81%E4%BF%BA%E3%81%AF%E3%82%82%E3%81%97%E3%81%8B%E3%81%97%E3%81%9F%E3%82%89%E9%AD%94%E7%8E%8B%E3%82%82%E5%80%92%E3%81%9B%E3%82%8B%E3%81%8B%E3%82%82%E3%81%97%E3%82%8C%E3%81%AA%E3%81%84%E3%80%82) page.
Danmachi has a mermaid in later volumes? You'd think it would be more common even if just riffs on Urashima Taro. Mangawise, One Piece did an arc underwater. Children of the Sea also does a lot of underwater stuff, but is a more esoteric kind of sci-fi.
The book is great. It does have a sense of humor, but it's a really dark one. It's also the original version, with the other two being adaptions.
The original novel was Hayakawa, but this was self-published.
It is caught up. To the extent that it can be, given the time it takes to translate, edit, and get printed. Oratoria will likely get caught up sometime next year. (The main series in Japan has v15 coming out this week and SO has v12 coming out in July.)
Microsoft bought Ninja Theory, not Team Ninja.
I Love You To Death is pretty close! He and William Hurt play stoner hitmen.
Atelier games all have a story. Blue Reflection and Nights of Azure did, too. Maybe not GOOD stories, but they definitely have them.
Ys IX releases in Japan around that same time.
All of these Trails of Cold Steel characters should be removed. That's a game, there is no anime.
That's absolutely an accurate explanation of the source material, too.
The script definitely felt like it needed another few drafts. And Ride Your Wave has the same writer...but she has a pretty lengthy resume, so hopefully Lu was just rushed into production to keep the studio rolling.
There's always the option of reading the ongoing source material!
There's an anime called Ghost Hound by the same writer and director as Lain that's genuinely great.
The first few volumes have good stuff in them, but struggle to feel as compelling as the main series. The rehashing of the events of the main series feels like a waste of time, and he has trouble creating stakes for characters we know are going to be just fine later on (because they've appeared again in the main series.) As it goes on he solves these problems. I'd say from volume six it's every bit as great as the main series. The first five volumes are still pretty decent novels in their own right, but suffer by comparison.
Hopefully they correct those terms before it airs. Just ask an Italian like I did!
This translation is just completely terrible.
Okubo's Japanese isn't unclear. He's definitely saying that he needs to stop telling people he knows about his work before serialization because you never know who'll steal it. The idea that this is Promare is certainly an educated guess on the commentaror's part. Okubo himself never specifies.
I haven't had any problems using an ordinary US credit card on Amazon.jp, honto, bookwalker, or Kinokuniya US. It's not like video game stores where they require a Japanese address. (For physical volumes, Amazon are fast but I've had a lot of damaged books since they package them loose. Kinokuniya have free shipping over $50, and package perfectly, but take two weeks. Their % markup may be slightly more than Amazon's shipping.)
In this case, he's the tsukkomi, so he has plenty of personality. Abilities...not so much. He's the opposite of an OP lead!
Tokyo Xanadu's localization is a disaster, too -- they revised it for the PS4 but only fixed the early stuff, so it gets worse and worse it goes on. Guess enough people didn't play it or didn't play that far so it didn't hit the critical mass required to patch. (Technically, the translation itself is fine, but the editing and context testing are lacking, so loads of typos and situations where the translator didn't know who someone was talking about and guessed wrong.)
Only played eX+. It ranges from little weirdness like a translator not knowing who's apartment a character is talking about (so the translation says "That apartment is nearby" instead of "Her apartment is nearby") to huge shit like a conversation talking about a character that's translated as if they're talking about the boss. And there was a scene where they didn't know who Asuka was talking to, so she's super harsh to a classmate out of nowhere (matching the way she talks to Kou when they're alone.) The further you go the more stuff like that there is. Some of it more noticable if you speak Japanese, but I'd think it would create the overall impression the game is badly written, even if you don't specifically notice anything.
He's neither a mothermouthed dude overcompensating for social insecurity with anachronistic humor nor a dry sarcastic cynic, so not really. He has plenty of self-awareness, is prone to sort of goofy melodramatic asides. He's an everyteen but has enough traits that he winds up feeling relatively distinct. I particularly love that he is every bit as good at handling Wise as he is terrible at handling his mother.
Zentai Kougeki means 'attacks all,' not 'full power.'
This doesn't have a love triangle, either. Essentially a core part of the joke is that traveling with your mom destroys any chance of romance so even if there's some initial attraction they all just become 'family' and no progress is made.
Nier is one of the best games on the system.
Sarazanmai.
All turtles can talk they just don't think we're worth talking to.
I tried one of the GBA titles and found I just don't enjoy srpgs in general. Too much time lost when you fail. Nothing about this premise sounds intriguing at all. A better hook might make me check out how they've evolved the genre but I'd rather have a sequel to Fire Emblem Warriors.
Boogiepop.
Crest is kind of a road trip with space involved. Banner is more the war epic.
Kinokuniya is the best option for Japanese light novels. They do free shipping over $50, takes about two weeks. Their membership is $25 annual for an extra 10% and a $10 gift card every $300 spent so if you're buying in any kind of quality is definitely worth it.
I did the math on a batch order once, and it was only a few dollars more for Kinokunia vs Amazon Japan. And unlike Amazon, they package the books properly so they don't arrived smashed to shit and back.
I rotate between like five or six series depending on what I'm in the mood for.
I've never bought anything but ebooks from Honto, but they definitely have an array of coupons.
Is It Wrong to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon season 2
I'd also add the final boss was such a ridiculous difficulty spike I couldn't even be bothered finishing it. (I'd hit the point of wanting to give up but being so close to the end I might as well finish, so however long a grind I'd have needed to beat that thing was not worth it.) On the battle clarity, the golem eventually got so big I couldn't even see what was happening because he filled the damn screen. Their cutscene skills were not up to the story they were trying to tell, and the jankiness often muddied the script. And the script was further muddied by a translation that ranged from functional to embarrassingly wrong (you find a cat and she says "Ow!" instead of "There it is!" (both can be 'ita' in Japanese) to "Was this machine translated?" (most of the short stories.)
Read whatever you most feel like reading at the moment you're about to start a new book.
Yup. There was a spin-off series that wasn't as good (the source novels are better) and a movie with a Fathom event in July, and the second season of the main series is starting up next month as well, adapting two very good books.
I started watching in college so I was already older than most of them.
As someone who tapped out on Attack on Titan after two episodes, I've read all the Vinland Saga manga, and it's one of the best around.
Lost Odyssey is definitely a masterpiece, but there was a strong backlash against random battles going on, so reviews at the time were weirdly negative. In the west, at least. Blue Dragon's script isn't great and the dub is fingernails on chalkboard bad, and at the time there was a pretty hefty backlash against Toriyama's art in the west. (This seems to have faded.) Last Story was just a god awful game. Writing and characters are totally forgettable, and they replace the beautiful turn based combat with the most bafflingly awful battle system I've ever come across. I think the first two would have sold much better in Japan if they'd been on the PS3, but Japan was pulling away from consoles that generation (they've come back a bit now) so who knows if that would have made a difference. Fundamentally, both those games only got the budget they did in the first place because Microsoft wanted some big budget JRPGs to sell their consoles in Japan. If they'd been made for PS3 they might have been forced to have significantly smaller scopes.
It just never made any sense to me. I've definitely talked to other people who found it clicked into place and I envy them having fun with it, but I spent the entire time resenting them for replacing the best battle system jrpgs have ever had with this mess.
For what it's worth, this is the series that taught me to enjoy turn based games, and Persona 5 does a lot of streamlining to the combat so you spend minimal time clicking around in menus.
Ais and Maka are the only two characters I genuinely care about in this entire bracket and they're against each other, howwww
I wouldn't worry about it too much. Most of the short stories are basically 'good filler episode' level fluff. The Liliana one is slightly more substantial and he clearly liked the character enough to bring her back, so hopefully Yen Press licenses the short stories before they get that far, but nothing else is particularly urgent yet. The story they based the recent OVA on is a good example; it reads a bit differently if you've read part four, but it isn't necessary to read before it. The Priscilla one is clearly vital, but also not needed until after part four. TL:DR: Yen Press should definitely license them, but for now you're fine waiting to find out if they do.
It's actually kinda required. There's a motivation system; every time you go in a dungeon, at least one character will be buffed and get extra XP, and any quest will have three characters buffed. I feel like they know everyone picked a single team in PQ1, and are trying to counter that. Character weaknesses are also way worse here, which forced you to either use Persona with resist skills or change up your party to handle a particular areas common foes.
It starts you as P5 and gradually adds the other casts, but you don't have to keep anyone in the party.
It has a ton of style and is slickly produced. The writing feels like she had a solid start and didn't really plan a follow through, so she's been throwing all kinds of stuff out there and seeing what sticks. Some of that's been cool, some of it's been pretty painful, but ideas have come and gone without real follow up. A loose, improvisational feel isn't necessarily a bad thing but at this point it's really hard to say if she'll eventually get a handle on it or if it'll all fall apart. Feels a bit weird to talk about the adaption like I'm talking about the source material but I feel like the flaws here are entirely weaknesses in the source, which I haven't read and may have already fixed them (source readers seem to think it has, but there may be some self-selection going there, since they likely weren't as bothered by the flaws I'm currently perceiving.)
Just watch an episode while you eat dinner.
The footage shown in the e3 presentation specifically mentioned equipping materia to your weapons.
Can't wait to hear more adorable dialects.
They did the entire second season in a flash forward! Only Diavolo got to watch it.
Steamworld Games, Sleeping Dogs, Rayman Legends and if you've got a Vita, Muramasa.
The author proceeded two do two volumes of another series in 2017, and then nothing in 2018, so I think it's safe to assume neither had the sales they needed to continue.
The standard (literal) translation for 'suki' *is* 'love'. He made an editorial decision to downplay that. This is a viable artistic choice, and translators make that sort of choice every time they translate everything, but given how many translators are criticizing this one, I think we can say the choice he made was a minority one (assuming it wasn't just forced on him by Khara, who apparently are infamous for dictating specific language good writing or natural phrasing be damned.)
Part 4 is apparently radically different. I'm told the WN version is 'like torture' but the LN version is far and away the best arc so far (I read in Japanese) so based on that I'd recommend waiting for Yen to get around to it.
I mean part 4 was radically restructured between the WB and LN versions, becoming the most focused part so far. Introspective is definitely the right word for it, but it also has more shocking twists and reveals than the first three parts combined, so...looking forward to season 2. And gotta start reading part 5 soon.
The LN version definitely makes a point of calling out those odd character actions and attempting to address the logic behind them. There's still some guess work involved but...we know at least as much as Subaru.
The source are stand alone novels for both. The Tatami Galaxy novel only had four stories in it, so the anime adaption actually expands the hell out of it. Night is Short, Walk on Girl adapts the entire novel, but makes substantial changes to the third story. (Yen Press are releasing the novel in August. The same author also wrote Penguin Highway (the novel is out in English), The Eccentric Family, and The Eccentric Family II, all of which adapt the source material completely.
That's the illustrator. Azami Kei is the writer. [Here](https://twitter.com/azumikeiwr)'s Azami's Twitter account; seems like just retweets of manga news. A year isn't an usually long time between series, so I'd say it's too early to worry.
Hob was excellent. The PS4 version had some pretty gnarly bugs but hopefully the Switch version fixes those. Moonlighter didn't do it for me at all. Combat was clunky, interface for running the shop even clunkier.
I really like the way Kouhei Kadono handles characters. You get a quick impression of them, and then each subsequent scene with them shows you a new side to the character. If they meet another character, they behave a way that is different from your expectations. If they're placed in a new situation, they react in a way you didn't think they were going to. Done poorly, this could easily make them feel inconsistent, but the way he does it it just makes them feel real.
Atelier games have more in common with Persona than Cold Steel does. The school setting is literally the only thing Persona and Cold Steel have in common. Nothing about the gameplay or storytelling approach overlaps at all. But like Persona, the Trails games are some of the best jrpgs around. Combat with enough depth to reward exploring it, yet not so overly complex that you drown in systems. Long form storytelling that pays off over several games, yet each game's story is satisfying on it's own. Side quests that feed into the world building so you learn about the world as the characters do. Ignore people insisting you start with Trails in the Sky--it isn't necessary. Cold Steel was designed as a starting point. It was my first Trails game, and it made me want to go back and play all the earlier ones, which I did--but I definitely think I had an easier time getting through Sky because I started with Cold Steel. It was easier for me to play all the games because I do speak Japanese, so I've played the four that aren't available in English as well, and they're some of the best in the series.
The brand they have at my store is orange flavored, which seems to help.
If you care about missing things, a guide is pretty much necessary. There are side quests and chapters of the collectible novel hidden in the most insane places, and extra BP on options within quests that you might not ever figure out to do. The hidden side quests aren't particularly mind blowing or anything, but the novel won't make much sense if you're missing a chapter in the middle. (They do give you the whole thing in Cold Steel, though.)
CSIII brings in the casts of Sky and the Crossbell games. It does reintroduce them and explain who they are, so you'll be able to follow the plot just fine. You'll miss out on some emotional payoffs, since they don't give you the full context of everything that happens, and it's hard to be excited about getting to see a character you've never seen before when it's clearly presented as a big deal that they're showing up. Go ahead and start with CS and see what you think. You can always decide to go back and play the Sky games later on! No reason to chart your future course of action now when you don't even know if you like the series yet.
CS was designed as a jumping on point for new players. It will spoil you for a plot point or two in the earlier games, but I think the importance of playing in order gets inflated a lot.
They are both far better than they have any right to be.
There were a set of filters once that allowed us to permanently excuse certain types of posts (if loading the sub through xf.reddit.com). These filters still work, but I couldn't figure out how to access those controls when I looked recently. Could instructions on that be added?
I'm a fan of how Lost Odyssey limits the number of moves you can actually have equipped. Especially job games you end up with a million moves and spells you no longer use, or that just suck outright, so having to pick and choose a bit really helps reduce time in menus.
Looks like this one's actually the fault of IGN Japan, who misquoted him. It was actually translated accurately! Just wasn't what he said.
Re: Zero isn't an original anime production--it's an adaption of a light novel series. Yen Press has licensed the series and is releasing it in English.
I certainly agree, but since the stated topic was 'within the past five years' those are out of that range. Not that I checked the year of release for anything, but P3 and P4 are outside even the fuzzy definition.
Basically all the names in this world are using the Chinese reading of the kanji--as filtered through Japanese. Which effectively means the On reading instead of the Kun reading. So the kanji for 'youko' would be read 'youshi' here. Arguable the translation should be full on rendering that whatever the actual chinese romanization is, but that would be a fucking nightmare, and Thunderbolt Fantasy proved it mostly just makes it harder to remember since the names they're actually saying don't sound anything like what's on screen.
I started in college twenty years ago, took three years there, the third in a study abroad program with a dedicated Japanese curriculum, then spent another three or four years living in Japan self-studying while immersed in the culture and reading a ton of manga and novels and watching a ton of anime and live action stuff with no subtitles. I eventually got the top level Japanese Proficiency exam and started working as a professional translator, which I've now done for over a decade. I've played all four Japanese-only Trails games in Japanese and was thankful I have the ability to do so--but they're HARD. Even at my level they're throwing vocab at me I don't know. Up there with Tanya the Evil or Twelve Kingdoms on the 'god damn it I have to go look up something again' (or just guess from context) front. Learning Japanese is totally worth it, but some less lofty goals will help you avoid getting discouraged along the way. (I tend to recommend Detective Conan alongside whatever studying approach you're using--it's got a lot of useful everyday vocabulary and uses extremely textbook Japanese (even the Kansai dialect is textbook) so you don't have to worry about figuring out all the distortions and slang.
Halving the powder would get you half the nutrition, so it's not recommended. The sweet flavors are definitely quite sweet. Adding more water might cut it down a bit, but unlikely to be enough. Using butter as the fat source will increase the saltiness, which might temper it, but it isn't like salty to sweet is a sliding scale, so the flavors will still be pretty intense. Different flavors may impact you differently, so I'd recommend working your way through the sample pack and seeing if there's some you like better. The savory flavors are also not sweet at all. And there's always the option of getting the base powder (which has no protein) and adding a different kind of protein powder that's more subtly flavored.
The anime is pretty low budget and dated. I liked it enough to pick up the novels, but they're definitely have more depth to them, and the new translation is finally doing the series justice. The whole fake language thing definitely makes them a daunting prospect, and the first novel in particular does that old scifi novel thing where it starts with a huge history dump you don't give a shit about, but once you forage past that to the characters things pick up a bunch. Crest is sort of a road movie, one story over three volumes. Banner are more war oriented, and a little more episodic. Banner V is one of the single best things I've ever read. Hopefully we don't have to wait too long for VII, he's never been the fastest writer around...
You would be giving up half the protein, since the base powder doesn't include any protein. You could do this and make up the protein somehow (I actually do eat some eggs to add a little protein, so that's certainly an alternative.)
Evolution Girls, from the Last and First Idol short story collection, mostly takes place in the primordial sea!
It's the first hit on Google if you search the title of the collection.
There was an anime called Tsuritama that's about fishing, so I ignored it for years despite it being one of the best directors in the business. Turns out it also has aliens and social desperation but also a lot of fishing, and it was really good.
I haven't read that, but the author of Patlabor and Birdy the Mighty did a series about breeding race horses that was real good.
Lemon Extract.
Sarazanmai was the only real standout from this spring.
Silly isn't a word that I'd use with the novels at all. It does get some mileage out of the gap in perception between Tanya's read on things, and how everyone else sees her, but while there is some humor value in that, it works on a dramatic level primarily. I've read up to eight in Japanese, and definitely recommend the series. The first volume was a little rough, but he's gotten better at keeping a compelling thread going to pull you through the meandering conversations and thoughts. Volume six was frustrating by design, but it kicks back into gear after that.
Part six only has one volume out in Japan (if you want WN spoilers, you've used the wrong title for this post) and Ram is certainly a major player in that. Ram is not a harem member and never will be. She's in love with Roswaal despite being fully aware of what a mess that dude is. Garfield has a long standing doomed crush on Ram, but Mimi's going for him hard and I don't think he stands a chance there. The English release has two volumes with him out, so I'd suggest you go read those.
Given.
I just read a plot description, but it sounds like it takes place in the real world and there's no isekai involved.
I am in the 'SAO isn't an isekai' school of thought, but... Darwin's Game doesn't seem to have any other world travel involved, game or not. There's an app on their phones that gives them shit, but they use it in the real world and play the game around their real lives. It's no more isekai than Card Captor Sakura.
I watched this because John Woo called it his favorite movie, and I'm not sure I saw much connection to Woo's own work, but it was definitely well worth the watch.
Konosuba is the only comedy in this crossover. Re: Zero definitely has a strong comedic side, but Youjo Senki is funnier than Overlord, at the least.
Torture Princess Kusuriya no Hitorigoto Kongouji-san wa Mendou Kusai Kine-san ha Hitori de Cinema Souboutei Kowasubeshi
Are you using new reddit? Try old reddit.
You should really watch Bookworm. Or even better, read the books. They really are a cut above.
J-Novel Club is translating it. They don't drop series unless Japan pulls the rights. They serialize their novels on their website before the ebook, so I believe there is a shorter window between preorder listing and release.
I translate Discommunication and Last and First Idol for them. These are both really good, but VERY weird so probably not for everyone. They also have Ascendance of a Bookworm, which is one of the best things I've ever read, light novel or not.
Manga adaptions of novels are always a waste of time. Just buy the novels from Yen Press. The first season ended midway through volume nine. The second season should run through novel 15.
The light novels are being translated by J-Novel Club officially! They only have digital releases, but you can buy them from an ebook shop, or directly from J-Novel Club.
I haven't come across this in any official material (the Re: Zeropedia or the artbook, for instance.) Nagatsuki briefly mentions some of his goals in afterwords, but I don't think that's what you're talking about.
I think it's worth doing Hugo before the third character. The third character definitely plays off the expectations the other two routes provided. I waited a bit before doing any other playthroughs, but went through the other two back to back -- it's a lot faster if you aren't grinding enemy counts.
The single most overlooked anime was Yatogame-chan, because nobody watches shorts at all. Also it is 100% just about how weird Nagoya dialect and culture is so a pretty niche appeal. Given, Granbelm, Saruzanmai, and Iruma-kun were all much better than their viewership. Bookworm was like, 1/10 as good as the source but still better than most of the popular stuff.
Even if you have the translation done, you still need to retime and master it, since you have two files instead of one. It's not like no work is involved.
I did adventure mode until I had the next tier of weapons for everyone and they were mid 40s and a decent number of upgrades. That made cleaning out the legend/free mode stuff much easier. Then back to adventure mode in order until they're all done!
The show, by design, is told out of order with gaps left in it. The movies may be filling in some of those gaps, but since they aren't out yet, we don't know. They definitely aren't recaps. It did have a good ending.
They've yet to have a second good one. Maybe Drifting Dragons? The source material is great.
It isn't being isekai that makes them bad, it's just some shows are bad, particularly shows about house fucking, I guess. Read yourself some Ascendance of a Bookworm, those are pretty much the best novels around. And don't involve fucking books, I promise.
THE most underwatched series in recent memory! I'll be there, at least.
I ended up lowering the amount of fat in my three shakes and eating an omelette and some bacon as a fourth meal. This gives me the extra protein and salt I need for the same calorie goal.
Asobi Asobase.
The season's barely started. So far Eizouken, Somali, and ID: Invaded are all quite promising with several others that could go either way. Loads of stuff left to air.
Twilight Map for the double drops?
Cop Craft had an elf knight working as a cop in our world.
It has Yonetani's distinctive fingerprints all over it, and he's the one who launched a successful career based on it, so I'd say this is definitely a case where the soukantoku role was the one setting the style and creating the aesthetic.
Yeah, I appreciate the research and clarification. ANN is definitely not always accurate.
Level requirements are low enough you shouldn't run into trouble no matter who you use, but the unlocks in the squares themselves will generally guide you to specific characters. The original colors of the squares indicate difficulty, so pick a route that goes through the easier colors.
It's not an official English title. The Japanese is 創約, which is a made-up words--but the first kanji is part of the Japanese for the biblical Genesis, and the second is the part of 'new testament' that doesn't mean 'new.'
I think this is the Iruma-kun of this season. Pretty dumb on paper but low key works in actual practiced, won't get watched much because of it.
They are, the whole point of the series is that the cover girl/title character is the main character for that volume.
It's really not hard to get to Japan. People do it all the time. Getting good enough to write in Japanese is a million times harder.
Shiki isn't CLAMP, but the evolution of the Hoshi Engi artist's style. [Ryu Fujisaki.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryu_Fujisaki)
I read the first volume and it was pretty good. It's so jam packed with ideas it never lingers long on any of the bad ones, and always had something nutty enough to win me over right after. The main character initially seems like a pretty bland light novel lead, but gradually turns out to be much more fucked up than you ever suspected, which is pretty neat. I'll be reading more.
Cop Craft.
Looks like they're sleeping on ID: Invaded instead.
-te form is still an imperative in this case. They're just leaving off the verb, something that happens over time. So Ganbatte is actually an abbreviated version of Ganbatte Kudasai, or Ganbatte Kure.
On Don't Get Hit, only you take more damage. On All Attacks are Devastating, enemies also take heightened damage.
Did you know the source novel was officially translated? as The Beast Player, by Nahoko Uehashi.
Denpa are officially translating the manga artist's current series, Heavenly Delusion! It's a much more hardcore post-apocalypse series, a bit like Parasyte and Promised Neverland. Real good shit, deserves more attention.
Every time you kill either they get back up again after a period of time. Just don't kill the other one until they're back up. If you kill the other one, they won't revive. This isn't until the end section where they're both rushing towards your base--if they appear before that, killing them doesn't count towards the total.
You're gonna point that out and not that he has SAO numbered in the opposite direction from everything else?
Eizouken and ID: Invaded both living up to expectations. Hanako-kun and Bofuri were both really nice surprises.
Japanese Wikipedia says three year suspended sentence and a 70 million yen fine.
Given
The second Skulltulas in Legend Mode (these require hard or higher, and unlock when you clear every mission) have arcane conditions that the in game hints aren't very useful, and even if you check the guide you might still need to google advice. I found most questions I had were answered by someone out there before hand, but several of them definitely still require you just run the mission a few times till you know exactly where to go. This particular one involves repeatedly letting them revive instead of finishing the mission, so it helps to be high enough level to kill them fast, and to capture the bases along their routes so they don't get in your base right away.
The conditions are different for every level. It gives you hints in game, but if you want to know exactly what to do, you'll have to check [a guide.](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/switch/230454-hyrule-warriors-definitive-edition/faqs/73095/legend-mode) Some of the conditions are quite tricky, so you can easily fail to meet them and not get the skulltula to spawn.
I think you're confusing what Ii-chan claims to be with what he actually is. You really can't take his word for this shit, he's a fucking liar.
You don't do that shit if you aren't absolutely getting super mad and worked up about exactly the stuff you're claiming doesn't faze you. This is a consistent thing in all three translated books, where his actions contradict what he claims he thinks about the situations.
GKids have Children of the Sea, but haven't announced release plans yet. Hopefully soon, since they're finally putting Ride the Wave out (which was announced around the same time.)
If they're playing a video game it ain't an isekai. I will die on this stupid hill.
Overlord is isekai, because he isn't playing a game, he's brought to another world that just suspiciously resembles it. SAO is not, because they're in the real world playing a game. Haven't seen Log Horizon. I don't know that it's a 'good' term but [litRPG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LitRPG) is an existing term for the genre. VRMMO stories are common enough these days that people usually just call them that. To me, the whole point of the term isekai is that you're sent to another world. I'd even argue stuff like Iruma-kun isn't isekai, since Hell is a realm of this world. (But I'm way less willing to die on that hill.) Of course, then I read some Japanese critic's piece at the back of a literary fantasy novel and they just use 'isekai' to mean regular ass fantasy and I have to admit the definitions of this shit are fluid no matter which language we're speaking.
Not even people who call video game stories isekai call DanMachi an isekai, man. While we're debating semantics, isekai isn't a genre! The genre is 'fantasy'. (Although not ALL isekai are fantasy.) Isekai is a descriptor for specific plot elements, and if those elements aren't present, it makes to sense to apply it. It's like calling a series a harem because there's lots of girls, even though the main couple are in a committed relationship from the beginning and never waver from that. SAO was a factor in the rise in popularity of isekai stories, to be sure! But when even the author of it insists it isn't an isekai, maybe it's time to listen.
On the Switch version, I've cleared through the Twilight nap with an average level of 50-60, so I don't think levels are your problem. You do need to protect your captains-keep an eye on what's around them and near your base and make sure to go kill everything there. Definitely buy your badges, use the best weapons you have. If you're on the Wii U version you will never to be higher level because the damage requirements for A Rank as so much harder.
If you don't want to waste time breaking every brown pot in the level, just check the guide to see which base the food (or fairy) is in.
Tickets don't go on sale until the 17th.
I just use the blender bottles, without the metal balls (funny aftertaste) and give them a shake. Unless you're super bothered by the occasional lump a blender isn't necessary. Heavy Whipping Cream is the default fat source and the easiest. Avocado Oil if you're vegan, Butter if you don't mind a lot of extra work. MCT Oil is pointless and just makes you shit yourself. I found just three shakes left me too hungry between meals or before bed, so I did the exact opposite of IF, and have four meals spread out over waking house. I lowered the amount of cream in the shakes and have an omelette and some bacon for the fourth meal. I lost weight just fine doing this.
That's the manga. The light novels are digital only.
It's a Netflix show, so it'll come out internationally in like, June.
Giant Robo.
Fortunately the manga is still the best shit on earth, and the anime got Kodansha to finally put it out in print!
Yes, someone else is writing the new series, which is a sequel set after the events. [IP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_property) is intellectual property--in other words, the characters and series someone creates. A creative collective is just a group of people working together to manage someone's IP. In this case it seems they're carrying on the author's work after his death, but the specifics aren't very clear.
It's fundamentally a story about her constantly overcoming every hardship that comes her way. The challenges that seems nearly insurmountable in the first volume are gradually peeled away through diligent hard work, and forged connections. Those often lead to new challenges, but depressing is definitely not a description I'd use for the series.
Can you not transfer it from that weapon to a better one?
I was assuming that, but rather than hope you get one one a higher weapon, keeping lower weapons around to unlock later seems a more reliable way to get that skill on your final weapon. (I...have severe doubts I'll ever want to go make those, but...)
The Ancient Magus' Bride.
"Kono mama de wa" is a very common phrase in Japanese. "At this rate" is a common translation for it, but perhaps a tad overused. Good translators will consider the character's personality and vary it accordingly, resulting in dialogue that feels more appropriate.
Last and First Idol.
Usually you would cut and paste those subs, but maybe someone decides to tweak a phrase, or maybe there's a slight edit to the dialogue in Japanese that requires a change.
The second episode was nowhere near as good as the first, sadly.
They have different shows. That's 90% of the difference. On the PS4 app, Crunchyroll has nice looking subtitles vs Funimation's ugly black box. The Crunchyroll app doesn't lock up and crash constantly, but Funimation's is pretty inexcusably unstable. The UI also doesn't make much sense. In Funimation's favor, they put a logo before every episode, which gives it time to get up to a better resolution. Get used to watching the first minute of every CR episode in pixelvision. This is extra bad with shorts. Funimation seems to have better translation standards these days (maybe they pay more? CR pays shit) but worse QA, so you get mistimed subs a lot. I have plenty of complaints about both but they're still absolutely fucking both worth the stupidly low price of a yearly subscription if watch anime in any sort of volume. I believe both have ad-supported free versions if you're willing to wait a week but I'd rather pay money than watch an ad. But suffering through ads might be worth it if you're still figuring out just how many shows you'll actually be watching a season.
As a counter opinion, I'm current with the physical releases of the manga in Japan, and I don't think the quality has dropped off at all. The nature of the story means the genre has shifted quite a bit, so you'll definitely get readers who aren't as interested in this new stuff, but for my money it's still one of the best books coming out.
Based on a quick google, no, there's no Japanese edition.
They've acted separately even in these six novels, so I don't think there would be an issue with cutting back and forth between the two of them as long as he found a way to keep both plots interesting and had them communicating occasionally.
Index and Accelerator both feature a dickish male lead running around beating up cute girls at the time. That kinds kinda dicey no matter how insane they are, but the shows don't really seem at all aware of that or do anything to counter the impression it gives--if anything, it kinda doubles down on it, given that both leads repeatedly refuse help from perfectly capable female characters. I'm not like, trying to make some grand accusation here but it's definitely something that low key bugged me in both shows. Since the Railgun leads are all girls, that issue just doesn't exist. Misaka herself is just way more likable and charismatic than 'arrogant douchebag' or 'insane psychopath.' And the Railgun director seems to have a lot more chops and sells the big superpower moments way better than the other two shows.
Using -san in English is pretty standard in a business setting. I worked at a Japanese company that had native Japanese speakers placed on our side, and we were expect to address them that way even when speaking English. -sensei is sometimes used with authors or manga artists, but I'm not sure about the rest of the staff. It's certainly not necessary, and there are definitely people out there who think it's a bit much and prefer -san.
Please don't lewd Myne
Nope, he started a new storyline in the main series. He's just writing all four series at once now. (Isolator got a new novel last year, too.) Or maybe new mainline SAO replaced Progressive on his schedule for a bit while the anime is running.
You have to play through Legend Mode to unlock the other characters.
https://bookwalker.jp/series/64925/list/
It absolutely still holds up. There's the original TV series, which is followed by a movie called The End of Evangelion. These are on Netflix. Years later he did a reboot which is a different series of four movies (the last one isn't out yet.) Not sure if you can stream these anywhere. I wouldn't say they replace the original, since they got in their own direction pretty quick.
Honto is probably better, yeah.
Looks like there are three volumes worth of web novel that haven't received print editions, but nothing new uploaded since March 2018.
Jojo proved these can make bank.
This looks like normal wear and tear to me.
They don't even have the same characters! The fourth novel (which the anime left out) features and entirely new cast, and that's the book that really sets the tone for the rest of the series. Other than Boogiepop themselves, there's no guarantee anyone else will show up. Even Nagi took a break for a while after getting a spin-off series. Most anime adaptions lose a lot from the source, but this one lost more than most, losing entire chapters and characters. I think the novels are some of the best around, but they don't necessarily answer every question, by design.
She
The source manga is really great. Didn't feel like the anime staff had a good grasp on it, so I didn't end up watching much.
The greatest anime of all time. The turning point in human/art history. The singularity all creative acts derive from.
I think the strange light a month ago-&gt;evolving thing is from Phantom, which isn't canon. I'm not sure that description is accurate even to that show. Echoes died. He sent a signal into the sky (the strange light) before doing so, but we are not told specifically what conclusion he reached. We can draw our own conclusions there. The framing sequence on book six is part of the King of Distortion's powers from book five (and since the anime switched the order of these two storylines, it was rather odd to leave it in.) Echoes' light and humans evolving to have powers are unrelated. People have been trying to evolve and the Towa Organization has been trying to stop them for quite some time.
I dare you to make less sense. (I was correcting an error that has since been edited.)
Yeah, Takeda in particular lost all his characterization when they tried to fit his chapter in a single episode.
Congrats, I have a headache now.
Don't read the manga at all. The source is the novels. Seems like the three existing manga series all adapt the arcs the first anime season covered, anyway. The first season of the anime covered the first nine volumes of the light novel, but the last...fifth of volume nine was left out, so starting from volume ten would be pretty confusing. Personally, I think you're always better off starting from volume one, but if you don't have the time or money, start with volume nine. You can always go back later.
They lost a fortune trying to moderate Miiverse and Flipnote to keep the content child appropriate, so the last thing they'll ever do is give uses that kind of freedom again.
The antagonist you've selected is probably the least developed villain out of the main batch. I don't think we know enough about him yet to actually relate to him one way or the other, even in the manga.
By Masakazu Ishiguro, artist for Heavenly Delusion and And Yet the Town Moves (Sore Demo Machi wa Mawatteiru.)
Your quote with the .3g per serving is lactose, not sugar.
Sometimes? It depends on the writer. Some authors diligently mention that stuff on Twitter or in afterwards, others ignore it completely. Some authors get super hyped about being translated, others only care about the Japanese editions.
Wikipedia says Sentai licensed it, but they aren't streaming it and it isn't on the Bluray. Looks like you can't watch it legally. You CAN read Discommunication, an earlier manga by the same author that I'm translating for J-Novel Club. The second ebook is out this week!
Wikipedia says Sentai licensed it, but they aren't streaming it and it isn't on the Bluray. Looks like you can't watch it legally. You CAN read Discommunication, an earlier manga by the same author that I'm translating for J-Novel Club. The second ebook is out this week!
Watashi isn't a name, it's just the first person pronoun he uses.
There is a similar scene in The Tatami Galaxy. Wasn't a teacher, and she was licking people's faces instead...
You can if you want, but the story is like 1% of the game so there'll be plenty of time to gather food as you work through the adventure maps. (Food won't drop until you unlock at least one type--it's also in pots.)
ID: Invaded is taking that phrasing very literally.
It's a guess, but her name isn't necessarily supposed to be common within the world of the story--her mother had a very unusual background, and may have given her a daughter a name from her people, instead of those around her. Spelling the name with an l may evoke the intended linguistic background of those people. The author is an anthropologist so all her novels tend to feature multiple cultures and spoken languages, and the names are derived from a variety of non-English sources, so she may have been lucky enough to get actual information about the intentions there...
The tone is luridly over-the-top. Gleeful, not horrifying. More like Dead Alive or Machine Girl than anything from the torture porn movement. I think they're pretty great if you like that sort of splatterific freakshow.
It was well worth the money for the 450 pages of short stories alone. The artbook was a bonus!
Redline The Saga of Tanya the Evil Penguin Highway
Giant Robo just came out on Bluray, and it's the greatest anime of all time (TM.)
I'm not sure how much I actually like Darwin's Game as opposed to missing when they did shows like this all the time. It's definitely good enough to scratch that urban gimmick power fight itch, but I suspect I wouldn't care for it if I hadn't started watching anime in an era when there were great shows like that all the time.
Kunimi was on day one, this is the typoed version, Kumini.
Given
The source material is a light novel series that's over thirty volumes. The anime barely scratched the surface. J-Novel Club is doing the official translation for the novels--you just missed the kickstarter for the physical edition, but they have a ton available digitally.
Google says seven, but that suggests they rushed through it like hell. No way you can fit seven volumes into 12 episodes without gutting them to fuck and back.
Buddy Holly and Muddy Waters. I actually haven't read the novels or watched the anime, so I can't say either way. They have a good rep from fans of the series, and in my experience, light novels are almost always the best way to experience a series. There are a few cases where a particularly great production can elevate the source (Konosuba) but most of the time the novels have way more depth, and the story goes a ton of places the anime couldn't. (Because anime end.)
Fairys are hidden in brown pots in adventure mode. Look for one with a fairy icon on it, and check a guide to see which base the fairy is in.
The author is female, so you don't have to worry about weird rapey shit. The tone is the exact opposite of what you're worried about--it's a lurid gothic fantasy gleefully reveling in the macabre.
Crunchyroll pays $80 an episode, which is insultingly low for this amount of work, and they can have brutal deadlines. This means that translators cut corners where they shouldn't, and better translators move on to higher paying work. A lot of the errors you see are specifically the result of these working conditions. The main three types of error I see are: 1. Not looking at the script. (Maybe they don't even get one.) You get errors where they mishear something that the script would clear up. (Of course, scripts don't have every line even if you do get them, but...) 2. Not looking at the video. (Maybe they're working on a previz with incomplete animation.) Sometimes the context of what's on screen will make it clear how you should translate a line even if you look at the script. 3. Long lines that get broken up into multiple pieces by the timer. This is actually huge for comprehension purposes--when I sub shows, I spend a lot of time rewriting lines so that the meaning scans easily even if you can only see half of it at a time. But if you're just working on a txt file and never looking at it in in the video, you can't make this sort of adjustment and newer translators (which is the bulk of their staff given their low wages) might not even be aware of the problem. There are definitely other factors--maybe they were given a name list they have to use, even though they know the names are wrong--and sometimes they just have bad translators, but all three of the above are definitely things that can happen even to someone who has the skills to do the job in better work conditions.
The best timed one is definitely when Luffy punched Walpo in the face and there was like, a two volume long flashback in the middle of it.
Zetman?
Non-fiction stuff is definitely where the money's at, but it sucks to work on. I'd probably ask for $300 an episode for anime work, personally. That would put it in line with a similar amount of work on novels or manga. No idea if anyone actually pays that, though...
After the Rain was really good. Hit a lot of those same notes, felt very believable and grounded in the same way.
They just posted photos of advance copies on Twitter, so it might be real this time.
They're novelizations of the movies. Can't speak to the quality of the novelizations, but the movie is the source here.
"Kadokawa" are actually dozens of different companies with different policies, and some are more open to licensing than others. It's a lot harder to license from Dengeki Bunko than from Famitsu Bunko (apparently.) Saekano is published by Fujimi Fantasia Bunko, and J-Novel Club have licensed Amagi Brilliant Park and Full Metal Panic from them. So publishing label may not be a problem here. But it's an older series that I don't remember being particularly huge, and in a genre that hasn't proven to sell here yet, so I wouldn't say the odds are high.
Reading stuff that's dumb but fun seems to help. Like, Ascendance of a Bookworm are the best light novels around, and I found reading something else good after them is weirdly hard, but reading Kawahara Reki novels is working out just fine.
It's ongoing. Volume 10 came out in February in Japan.
The time limits in Rorona are a great structural device accompanied by clear goals. You know you need to make this stuff, and balance dungeon progress with making new stuff and filling request. Totori has no fucking structure so you have no idea what the shit you're supposed to be doing. And the guides won't help, because that shit is so rng up the butt you'll be miles off what worked for the guide writer. I gave up halfway. I felt like they had the perfect game in Rorona and was sure I'd love the series but every other game I've tried was worse than the last one, like the designers are constantly moving away from what makes it work to more 'freedom' that just makes it no fun at all.
The anime is considered a particularly bad adaption, so I'd definitely recommend starting from the beginning. Season one squeezed five novels in, but at least had a good director, so it got some of the major stuff right. The second season is mostly novels six and seven, with a few of the stories from eight (which was a short story collection.) It was a very bad adaption and destroyed most of the best scenes. Fifty pages of intense action done in four shots. Season three, if it ever airs, should cover volumes 9-11 of the main series. Same director as season 2, so it'll suck. Sword Oratoria did the first four novels. Again, not a great adaption, but at least had some solid action in it.
Are you using the actual carb count of heavy cream or the rounded up number on the packaging? It actually has .4g carbs per tbsp but the packaging often says 1g. At most Keto Chow serving sizes this is easily under the net carb requirement for keto, even with three shakes. (Personally, I use slightly less cream and have an omelette as a fourth meal, which helps me avoid hunger pangs, and gets me the extra protein.)
They do play a factor in the plot to come, but not necessarily any more than other stuff that got skipped or altered in the adaption. And Omori is good about making sure you have the information you need to follow the plot. I would say you could probably just start with nine if you're willing to go that direction.
Put a long enough gap between the anime and the novels that you forget a lot of the plot, and it's a lot easier! I've found most of them have more than enough extra content to make it not an issue, though. Maybe I've just mostly read good ones.
A dude in line at a convention told me that Japanese people like mountains so much they even apply honorifics to the names, like Fuji-san.
Now THAT guy's a piece of shit. Established canonical fact!
Crest/Banner of the Stars
The Ascendance of a Bookworm novels have been invaluable the last few months.
It's basically just forty years of delinquent kids fighting each other manga trying to out over-the-top each other until it got completely fucking ludicrous. It's a niche subgenre that escalated independent of other manga.
Torture Princess
The first episode is so bad I am amazed it ever got popular, and will never find out why it did.
I don't think you know what isekai means. The term is unrelated to having skills. It just means transported to another world, and many isekai novels don't use any sort of video gamey skill system. Bookworm, Tanya, etc.
Same studio as Penguin Highway, but the script's by Mari Okada.
It's one of the most rewarding anime in recent memory. Really goes in deep on worldbuilding and lore, all of which is heavily researched and based on real world mythology (or literature.) And the central relationship is constantly shifting, well aware of the power imbalance, and dealing with the issues that causes in a way that felt very real. I'd also recommend the spin-off novels and manga; the setting is so rich she has a bunch of other writers doing more stories in the world of the series, and they've taken it in all sorts of interesting directions.
Last and First Idol is a really good weird scifi. It's all about bonkers gore and bizarre imagery.
Being in a band is the main focus. The relationship is definitely extremely important, but secondary to that.
Ascendance of a Bookworm is far and away the best fantasy series coming out right now. It does take a number of volumes to reveal the high fantasy side of things, but that's part of the 'going somewhere.'
I liked it! I liked the novel better, though.
A chijo?
Is the first one Iruma-kun?
I've stuck with cream. I tried butter once but it makes prep ten times more complicated and I don't wanna spend any time on this.
It was never published. I translated three and a half Jiken novels for Del Rey and then Borders went down and they canceled everything and Kodansha pulled the rights to all their titles. I don't even have a copy of the translation thanks to a glass of water I knocked over on a poor innocent laptop.
It had some interesting ideas but the script needed to be like a third the length--so much padding--and the gameplay was really half-baked. Seemed like it could be fun for a few battles then you realize every battle is identical and most skills are useless. I got further into it than I expected hoping it would improve but eventually just burned out and have up.
They've been like this for years.
You can definitely taste the meringue. Like the other fruit flavors, the lemon is milder than I'd like. Definitely the best of the fruit flavors, though, and I'd order it regularly if they ever make it for real. Not a fan of the grit the Real Salt adds. Like getting sand in your food at the beach. I don't think it's a big enough deal that I'd stop ordering Keto Chow after all these years, but I definitely hope they abandon plans to add that to their other flavors and keep it to this one test batch.
The light novel is licensed by J-Novel Club, so you want to get the official release from them.
Amazon seem to be doing this with preorders now. They don't let you order until closer to the release date. I suspect its a COVID thing.
I just plowed through it since I'd ordered a whole bag, and found I got used to it by the end. I'm still ordering the flavor, even.
I feel like the only way I would ever have time to do this is if I was too broke to buy anything new. As it is I'm trying to catch up on more series than I can read in a month, so some slip to every two or three months, and when I do catch up on a series I just replace it was something else on my short list.
You can buy all three volumes on [Honto](https://honto.jp/ebook/pd-set_29951823.html) or your preferred ebook shop.
As someone who used to massively overstate all my opinions, and thought all levels of hyperbole were justified if I was giving actual reasons and backing them up, it definitely took multiple people explicitly explaining why that behavior was a real problem before I got it. Like, joke responses and "Tell us how you really feel" just annoyed me. It didn't in any way get through. I just thought those people were wimps who were afraid to express their own opinions, and expected people to argue with me the way I was arguing. Your friend may not listen even if you sit down for a serious conversation and spell it out for them. I sure didn't the first few times. But if you avoid confronting them about it they'll never fucking get it.
Decent jobs? I make enough to pay rent and bills and taxes and save a bit AND drop $200 a month on books.
In this pandemic, fucking yes?
No. The anime version ups the harem comedy angle a lot, placing way more emphasis on it than the source novels, but it's still primarily a story of a hero rising to face challenges in his path.
Spice. Add some togarashi or cayenne pepper and give it some heat. Then also literally heat it.
The books are always better, so...not reading the source for a series you like is far weirder.
Seconding Shinichiro Otsuka and Yu Shiina, both of which draw backgrounds and props that flesh out the worlds, and find a way of illustrating the emotional beats that enhances rather than ruins. Also a big fan of Kouhaku Kuroboshi (Kino, GGO.)
Progressive is very good. I started with that (and The Isolator, which is also great) and then went back to Kawahara's earlier stuff. Accel World was also pretty decent, but the first main Sword Art Online novel was pretty rough. You can see signs of who he'd become in there, but he definitely hadn't worked out how to really live up to his potential yet.
Last and First Idol.
Last and First Idol.
You have fundamentally misunderstood Roswaal as a character and the nature of his relationship with Ram.
They had obi claiming it was a break out hit at least, so it clearly did well enough.
One of the few light novel adaptions that surpass the source material. They made some very smart changes.
If you are tired of omnipresent narrators you are tired of life.
Grimgar.
I'd recommend the beginning. The anime cut a lot of content to focus on the big emotional beats. That's probably the right decision for the adaption (they clearly couldn't figure out how to make inventing stuff interesting) but it would make it pretty hard to follow the later books since there's so much stuff lost.
They made two, and they were each six episodes. Covered a number of the big fights from part 3.
Moribito Dennou Coil
I really don't know what else people want from movies.
As someone who uses a friend's parents' HBO Go password, I wonder if Max actually cuts down on that sort of sharing.
Nolan's attempts to kill us with his movie theater make him the ultimate Hollywood villain.
I finished the first season despite dropping most recent shonen battle shows, but I'm not sure I can really say it was better. It just delivered insane action animation just often enough to keep me around, and the writing never got bad enough to defeat that.
Blanket hating any genre means unnecessarily limiting yourself. Every genre has potential to be good in the right hands. Sure, it's pretty rare that I like sports anime or whatever, but every now and then there'll be a Ping Pong that I'd have missed out on if I was ignoring the genre. Judge shows on their own merits and keep and open mind, and you'll find more stuff to like.
Interplanetary travel is generally not what people think of as isekai. The 'sekai' is more 'universe' or 'dimension' than 'planet.' Matt Damon did not get isekaied in The Martian, you know?
Granbelm is also by the Re: Zero director.
This is the cover for the second prequel novel. I read the first, and I got the impression these characters won't be playing a major part in the TV series.
The anime abridges things heavily, basically just hitting the big dramatic events. Like, there's thirty pages on Myne trying to recreate dishes from home and in the anime all we get is her saying "My soup is better."
Seven Swords Dominate was the top ranked title in Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi last year, and I picked it up because of that. But I really didn't expect much. The magic school premise just seemed super generic, and I'd flipped through the first chapter of the manga, which didn't do much to alleviate that impression. It's turned out to be one of my favorite books running, enough that I'm now going back to catch up on the author's previous series, Alderamin. He's using the magic school premise to explore some genuinely alien ways of thinking, and packing the books so full of ideas that you can't get bored because a few pages later it's doing something totally different.
Part 2 is four volumes in total. The anime will end with volume 2-2, which is the fifth volume of the series.
The manga author's current series, Heavenly Delusion, is coming out in English from Denpa Books. It's more serious, clearly drawing influences from Parasyte and The Promised Neverland. Well worth checking out.
He'd not complaining about ratings or reception; his joke there is that even the negative reviews of the anime are all about the source material instead because the anime is too good and nobody has any gripes about the adaption.
Season one ended with a promise of more, and people assumed that would be a second season, but it turned out to be a movie. I'm unaware of any further plans being officially announced.
Zaregoto
Fatal Bullet has a demo that mostly served to convince me it wasn't worth it even at $10.
Danmachi and Honzuki are two series that I found much more satisfying in novel form and definitely meet everything on your 'likeable protagonist' list.
Supposedly Kobold King is about this. (Haven't read it.) Later Torture Princess volumes get into this (volume four starts that arc.)
It got it posted here, right?
Haven't read 'em.
Seems like he wrote a visual novel last year, which really slowed his novel output down.
It's definitely very rough at first. He gets much better at holding your attention as it goes on.
Last and First Idol is a collection of weird sci-fi stories with all female characters and light yuri themes. It's a pretty intense book that isn't for everyone, but if you like body horror and metafiction it's well worth a read.
The first few episodes were fantastic but it really failed to sustain that. I never actually made it through the end.
I love the novels and would love to play a good game based on them but this sure looks like wait for a deep discount or a demo.
I think a side effect of streaming and season-based viewing is that I just try almost all the shows. Like if a bunch of shows start the same day I'll probably not get around to the ones that don't look like my shit, but there's been enough promising looking shows I hated and deeply dubious looking shows I enjoyed that I find I'm better off just trying the first episode of everything and seeing what I actually enjoy, because my tastes are uselessly unpredictable.
The anime plays up the harem comedy aspect a lot. It's not really a major component of the source novels, which are much better in general.
I think you can unnecessarily overcomplicate it for yourself, but really you only need to wrap enemies in the chain occasionally, and the rest of the time you can mash your combo string and do fine on Normal difficulty (where it doesn't grade you anyway.) A lot of the more advanced moves require some timing, and I slowly started to snap into that later in the game, but it's not worth trying to consciously do that or worry too much if your legion is close or far. Remembering to dodge is probably a bigger deal.
I'm having trouble answering because your complaints don't really match the series in my mind. There is no antihero or plot or slice-of-life. They have Squad Jams. Everyone does some crazy action shit. That's all it ever is. Third Squad Jam is probably the peak, and it's felt like diminishing returns the last few Japanese volumes, but still has some pretty fun moments. If you didn't like the whole Pito might die angle, he definitely seems to have gotten some blowback on that and hasn't done anything dramatic like that since. Just crazy gun action.
Yep, Shirley and Clarence stick around and get the main cast up to a full party of six.
Thunderbolt Fantasy by a country mile.
Deca-dence is directed by Yuzuru Tachikawa, which really should put it at the top of every anime hipster's list. Japan Sinks is Yuasa which is the only reason it's on my list, since...well, let's hope that maudalin trailer was just lousy marketing. After that it's basically sequels, though. Maybe give Korean Airmaster a shot.
"My bonds, obedience, and faith are yours. For you, I promise to kill everything." Title could be translated as Bride of the End. (Christ, even this one line was hard as balls to translate and I'm not satisfied with it at all...glad I'm not the translator!)
The source is [here.](https://mfbunkoj.jp/product/322003001220.html)
Future Diary?
Does it actually sound like *anything*?
The director of G Gundam went onto make Giant Robo: The Animation, which is the greatest robot anime ever made.
There was a rewatch in April!
Yen Press are releasing the series in English. Buy them at any bookstore.
It's a LN, there is no WN.
Seems to be unrelated. Same Japanese publisher, though.
The series is listed as ongoing. The WN got a new chapter in January, but that was the first chapter since 2018. Not sure what the odds of it continuing are.
There's an unrelated manga of the same name.
Being an OVA (or a movie) is unrelated to it being canon or not. Some are, some aren't. Currently there are a lot of OVA episodes that are just a pack in bonus, so they tend to be not particularly ambitious. But there's still plenty that have higher aspirations.
Ascendance of a Bookworm is absolutely the best light novel coming out these days.
Netflix usually dubs their stuff, yes.
Amazon's your best bet for physical. DHL is still shipping to the US. (Other types of mail have been disrupted by the virus, not sure the current status.) For digital I like Honto. Lots of coupons, their reader lets you highlight text and open in google. Region locked on phones, though.
The Isolator is very much Kawahara's Boogiepop fanfiction. The lead can be a bit frustrating at first, but he develops over time, and each book has been better than the last. Sadly, it's an underrepresented genre at the moment. I'm hoping someone scores a big hit in it soon, but I'm not aware of any in Japan.
Bookworm.
Japan Sinks--director of Eizouken Deca-Dence--director of Mob Psycho
The manga is five pretty thick volumes, so I assume it has a lot the anime didn't cover (haven't seen it yet) but didn't ultimately make much sense. Definitely a book a read for the art alone.
In the sense that it helped push Betelgeuse into giving up, yet. There wasn't anything magical going on with the gospel itself. He just defaced the symbol of his enemy's pride.
Strategy Role Playing Games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, or Disgaea. Wikipedia claims the genre is called TRPG (Tactic Role Playing Game) but I've not seen that term used nearly as much as SRPG in JRPG circles, and it seems easily confused with Table Top RPG, which has a prior claim on the letter T. Either way, I've tried to enjoy the genre many times but ultimately feel like the amount of time lost on a failed battle is too frustrating to really be enjoyable.
I am increasingly dividing it based on how it affects the characters. If the fanservice is just for the viewers, it's unnecessary. (A sudden cut to a butt while the cast are discussing a mystery, for instance. But if the fanservice is visualizing the sexual tension between the characters, I'm all for it.
The source is the novels by Carlo Zen. Yen Press just released the seventh, but they're up to twelve in Japan. The anime and movie roughly cover four. This is one of those series where each version is very different. The anime really brings the action, while the novels tend to be much more focused on Tanya's thoughts and messy details of war. I understand the manga has another take on the same basic story, but haven't read it. People tend to bounce off the first novel, since the writing style is really dense. But he does get better at creating a dramatic engine to keep you engaged through the difficult sections, so it's worth sticking with.
You don't really have to speak Japanese to know that those characters are really exaggerated. Anime voices in general tend to be clearer and more over-the-top than real life Japanese--much like Western animation or kids shows. But there ARE anime that skew closer to naturalistic Japanese. If you're watching shows like Given, Beck or After the Rain, you'll get something a lot closer to the language as it's usually spoken.
They're both great in their own way.
Seven Seas are releasing it in English. They do digital releases ahead of the physical versions, so take your pick.
Amazon.jp sells them, and ships to the US. Buying the source novels from J-Novel Club is also an option and much cheaper.
Re: Zero Part 4 in disguise.
They're less obnoxious in that light. Some do come up as story progression, but often you explore an area until you get enough done to unlock the raid, and doing the raid is how you launch the next section of story. So it feels less like the thing blocking you from progressing and more like the goal you're working towards. The raids themselves are less bullshit on the scoring, too.
Yes, but Japan and the US are the same region.
They did EIGHT Chibi Vampire novels? I translated those and I only have five. (Tokyopop stopped sending comps towards the end...)
Like Mirai Nikki, it came out of the gate great but has struggled to maintain momentum on the story. The highs are still pretty good but they just wander around a generic forest looking for the next fight, it keeps adding and forgetting characters who mostly aren't interesting, and it really hasn't done a great job convincing me the manga would be worth picking up.
The four volume novel released at the end of 2019 resolved the dangling plot thread from back when it was with a different publisher entirely. There's a short story collection planned for later this year, but it isn't clear what Ono Fuyumi's plans are after that, if any.
The series is inherently fragmented and the protagonists change depending on the volume. There's no currently ongoing/unresolved plotlines. If the author wants to write more, she certainly could, but generally each arc is self-contained.
Progressive definitely is. He seems to have locked onto the best aspects of the series. I'd recommend trying the first volume of that before you read any of the original series. I loved Progressive and The Isolator, so I'm now going back to Accel World and the original SAO novels, and they're definitely rougher (SAO 1 in particular was greatly improved by the anime.) You can really see how he's improved over the years.
The prequel novels are more gritty mankind losing a war with the aliens stuff so...no clue what this anime will be like!
It was two books in Japan, but Wikipedia says they combined it into one book for the US release.
People making sweeping generalizations about why other people have the opinions they have.
There's a lot of great books out there but the only one that prevents me sleeping because my brain is still chewing over what I read is Ascendance of a Bookworm.
I think the anime is the worst adaption since Arifureta, with a staff that didn't understand the appeal of the material at all, no production values, no art direction, terrible character designs, a badly miscast lead, and a script that gave up on making the inventing and business side of things interesting and settled for doing a shoddy job of hitting all the main emotional beats. The fact that it works at all is a testament to how good the source is--even an anime this incompetent couldn't entirely kill it. But the novels are thousand times better on every conceivable level.
There are too many good light novels around to keep reading one you aren't really enjoying. I know I've failed to pull the trigger on dropping stuff I really should have, and just read volumes with increasingly long gaps, and then one day realized I haven't touched it in a year and am probably not going to again...so I'm trying to get ahead of myself and just go, this isn't bad, but it isn't really working for me, so I should just stop now.
I don't necessarily think these interpretations are invalid, or anything, but they are unintentional. Reading GGO I definitely get the impression the author just digs tomboys and that tends to read as genderqueer. But a Japanese gunnut in his 50s may not be the best person to expect explicit LGBT themes from...
The TV series ended somewhere in the third volume, and the movie roughly covered the fourth (it changes a lot, though.) The movies and novels are really dramatically different. The same basic events occur, but the tone and feel and even the meaning is often completely unrelated. It would be pretty difficult to just jump in where the anime left off. I do recommend them, but the writing is also a little rough early on; it takes him a while to figure out how to keep your interest engaged through his lengthy tangents. Even in later volumes my enthusiasm tends to flag when Tanya isn't the focus...but his ambition keeps growing, and so far I've found it well worth the effort.
The commentary for one episode mentioned they had to go apply more blood to some naked corpses to get them past censors.
But then Japan spells them wrong and people argue that the translators should be matching that crap and it's the worst.
Opening was definitely 8th Son. Check out this Eurovision-worthy live action [video](https://youtu.be/cFBj1Rq01RE). I'd go so far as to call it the best opening since season one of Jojo.
Suppose a Kid From the Last Dungeon Boonies Moved to a Starter Town
I think if you like Mysterious Girlfriend X, you should check out the author's Discommunication! J-Novel Club is releasing it in English!
Given it's from the author of Re: Zero my reaction was more, "Is he ALWAYS gonna give his main heroine silver hair?"
I think it reached the natural conclusion and is done.
I use the Torani sugar free syrups, but they don't really work in the Vanilla. Too strong a Vanilla flavor; and if you add enough syrup to actually taste it, it gets too sweet. They're better in the Chocolate, but I've found them more useful for mixing with unflavored seltzer/and or booze.
The manga is an adaption of the novel. It wasn't classified as a light novel in Japan (just a regular novel) but that has never stopped anyone discussing it here, nor should it. The only distinction is the publishing label, anyway.
Good translators actively look for ways to reduce the name repetition, where appropriate. But when they're just saying the name and nothing else, you'd end up essentially writing new lines for them. Especially in anime, since people can hear what the original line is.
The anime squeezes five volumes into twelve episodes and then two more in the movie. They're long novels, closer to 400 pages than the usual 300 in Japanese, so that's a lot of abridging. In general, drama compresses better than comedy, but it does mean the anime winds up hitting the major dramatic bits and cutting conversations down to the most necessary lines. Yen Press has officially licensed the series and released the first volume, with the second in August. It's best to support that release, but it will take them a while to catch up with the anime.
I checked Honto, but it doesn't look like digital versions of it (them?) exist in Japan, either, just the original manga (not even the heavily redrawn Kanzenban.) Spin-off novels from that long ago don't have a great rep for quality, and Bastard is a largely forgotten series in the west, so it seems an unlikely target for a fantranslation. Unless you mean Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai (which I only think because someone called it 'bastard' in an r/anime thread yesterday) in which case Yen Press is releasing it and has the second volume out in August.
I believe J-Novel Club is on the verge of finishing the source novels.
Did either of you read the article? He's not concerned about dark elves being banned, he's concerned about exclusively making dark elves villains being seen as racist. And I definitely have seen people make that argument (see also with orcs in Lord of the Rings.) If he's never had a positive dark elf character, he might have a real concern there. But something like Sword Art Online Progressive, where the dark elves are the good guys, would never be in trouble.
Your best hope is if so many copies of the author's Rascal series sell in English that Yen Press goes and gets his older books, and even then you'd only get to *read* the ending.
For the translator's sake, I hope it wasn't in katakana. Converting katakana to the correct romaji spelling of a language you don't speak is a nightmare.
The most interesting of the immediate post-Eva anime crop was Nadesico, which did a lot of reevaluating older mecha shows from a post-Eva perspective.
I concluded that it should never try to be serious.
Kaiba!
The Konosuba movie.
The novels are the best thing I've found in years, and I would recommend them to anyone, whether they're into anime/manga/light novels or not. J-Novel Club is doing a great job with the English release, and you owe it to yourself to check them out. I think the anime adaption is a pale shadow of it for a lot of reasons, but the fact that the response has been as positive as it has been from anime-onlys is a tribute to the strength of the source material. It shines through the adaption's shortcomings. (At the same time, if you liked the concept but found the anime liking, you'll probably enjoy the books, since they're waaaay better.)
The anime ended with 2-2. It also cut a LOT from the previous books, basically just hitting the big dramatic beats and losing the majority of the inventing and business/world building stuff.
When I installed the PC Client from DMM, Norton said it was acting suspicious and deleted it, so... I guess technically you didn't say it was easy to install!
With Torture Princess, her Japanese is on the hard side. Not like, Tanya or Twelve Kingdoms hard, but definitely a step above average light novel.
The pandemic has caused delays in reprinting and restocking. This volume is also a popular jumping on point, since it's where the first season of the anime started going two episodes a volume--and this particular one probably suffered the most from the compression.
I really liked the anime, so our starting position is pretty different, but I thought the changes the anime made were clear improvements. The novels aren't bad, but the author is way too interested in Ranta, and my tolerance for him is way lower than the author thinks. I ended up dropping it after the third volume when it opened with 100 straight pages of Ranta running his mouth off while the author ignored everyone I actually like. The back half of the book was still good! I just felt like I'm reading a bunch of other books that DON'T have Ranta in them, so I'd rather focus on them.
I legit haven't had the energy to tackle one since the pandemic started. I've got volume ten sitting here ready to go but...
Last and First Idol is definitely gory, and arguably disturbing. To what degree it 'makes sense' may depend on the reader, but there is an internal logic to all three stories that I felt paid off quite well.
I checked the GA Bunko website listing for volume 12. It ends the arc, but not the series. I'm guessing someone using machine translate misunderstood that phrasing.
Tanya the Evil or Alderamin. (Neither terribly modern. Haven't actually watched the latter anime, just read the first two novels, but they're pretty good. And Tanya is fucking great.) Crest/Banner of the Stars (space opera, extremely futuristic. Novels are better, J-Novel Club is doing them.)
