No one’s saying false allegations don’t occur ever. Just women (plural, most of them) aren’t waiting for opportunity to do so.
Nta - Words with more syllables don’t make someone sound smarter. If she wanted to do that she could ban jargon (which fair) or just speak to people individually when they act like a smartass.
Yta - And most people (and you) are missing the context here. The context being you have not been being a fair partner in terms of childcare. Imagine you’re at your job: You and Bob are working on a project. He comes in and says “go take a break, I’ll write up to reports”. Chill. Most people are going to find that fine. But, put into context. Even though the project is 50/50. Bob has not been doing the project for a while. He claims ignorance, he didn’t know that you were finding it so hard to do 80% of the work, he didn’t know it wasn’t fun for you, he didn’t realise all the things you were doing and thought it was 50/50. He comes in, sees you writing the reports you both are meant to do equally and says: “go take a break, I’ll write the reports”. In context you are going to think Bob still is ignorant. That he doesn’t understand that reports are both your jobs and that he’s being helpful in writing them. You are going to think he still hasn’t changed because it hasn’t been long enough for him to **prove** he has changed. You have somewhat lost the benefit of the doubt and that happens when you fuck up and plead ignorance.
Yeah SIA security do have the right on behalf of the owner of the property to ask anything the property owner could ask - wear a red shirt, let me see your bag, etc. And if you refuse you can get refused entry even if you paid for entry. Source: work with a large security company for festivals. Aventail security does parklife and I know they were really short for workers this year in general although they claim the follow vetting standards (and they also claim they cover body supervision and cctv despite not being properly acredited to do so). But it is 100% not normal procedure to ask someone to strip. If you check their pockets, bags, etc. And still suspect you get another dog over. If they both go then you might tell the guy he can’t come in but still thats a strict procedure. Dog’s aren’t 100% reliable, I’ve had one or two indicate on me. And the companies that deal with these dogs are 3rd party - not police and not part of the security. I really wouldn’t expect more than a search and if nothing found letting him in. Unless all his friends got indicated as well.
Disclaimer: I do play violent and non-violent video games. But this meta analysis shows that you’re wrong. Violent video games do contribute to aggression. https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0146167213520459
I mean there isn’t really a central sort of thing like the Catholic church for Islam. But he does make a fair amount of jokes about Saudia Arabia and the middle east. So?
But also to add on, not every trans person wants to or can afford to do every surgery or hormone treatment. They are just “as” validly transgender.
She was recommended by a doctor to go on birth control. The father still refuses.
Not really I mean I think a couple of the late show guys (who is the one that laughs at everything??) are sort of like that, like he only make political jokes and satire now because its a hot market not because he is trying to satirise the thing for a motive other than heres a funny joke. So I understand why he comes off as if he just hates trump and is rattling off any joke. Maybe “love america” isn’t really the right sentiment but more “truely cares at what occurs”. People don’t say the same thing about Michael Che on SNL (so not really a hes black thing) because Michael Che is going out just to make jokes. Not satirising the politics he is making jokes about but they’re just satirising news shows in general.
How many do you want?
“Not an overwhelming number.” I gave a whole genre that is specifically british working class writers writing about their experiences and an explanation and there are working class writers in other genres. What would be an overwhelming number to you? My explanation again: country side vs urban, urban poor and rich tend to go into performing arts and visual arts since the facilities are there. The countryside pretty much only has writing as a creative outlet poor or not.
Aventail 100% does security for parklife for the last atleast 3 years I’m aware of. Wherever they’re hired by parklife (the event management) or hired by someone else I have no idea. Agreed on the enhanced searches being done by randoms is bad, but they were looking for quite a few people this year and advertising for parklife right until the festival (I was considering going) but that might just be bad admin and not taking it down. They might have outsourced a little, with a higher profile security company (mine had done with eventsec a few times), and because they’re coming from another company and not randoms they end up getting treated and put of posts that company guys get put on, so enhanced security could be done by those people. Maybe the company (Aventail) is up for loosing the contract if they don’t keep drug use out of he festival to a higher degree. Parklife has a load of drugs (i know all festivals do but parklife is above) and maybe they want to cut down? In the past 5ish years I’ve noticed drug use is becoming a bigger and bigger thing that festivals want to be cautious of especially as most allow 16 year olds in now as adults (and probably with social media and reporting vamping up).
Out of curiosity what mental illnesses would mean someone is unable to hold office? Anti-social personality, autism, depression, Bipolar, borderline personality, ocd?
Yeah Jehovah Witness’ balance the like between religion and cult. Or maybe mormon?
Yta - You agreed. If you didn’t hear what you were saying “yeah” to, just go “sorry, didn’t catch that whats happening”. When ordering sharing platters unless otherwise agreed, its split all equally no matter how much you eat (unless literally nothing).
He should and can petition for more. 50/50 is quite common when petitioned for. Wherever he wants to or not...
Yta Why not be super fucking stoked they’ve got a good stepdad and that they’ve bonded with him? Why not be super stoked that they now have 3 loving parents all putting all they can in ensuring their happiness and success? No one says they only need to have two parents therefore you must be the dick and drag everyone down. You could be lifting them up just as much and celebrating with them.
Info: Do you split the mental load equally between you? Are your messages equally informative (we don’t have chicken, kids are at practice until 5) and equally questions (whens practice, do we have chicken)? Are they like that in realy life?
You: Hey internet, heres a situation where I was a dick, am I a dick? Internet: yeah you’re a dick You: *surprised pickachu* you don’t know anything about me how dare you make judgement
Honestly I don’t think they would. I think its a fairly reasonable rule to go: If your staying over my house, and unmarried, you need to sleep seperatly. Sorry, its just what I’m comfortable with. Get a hotel if you don’t wanna go with their rules. But its an easy rule to implement.
Nah - Totally correct for you to paint what you want People can have an opinion including: those people killed people and I think your glorifying that. Reasonable comment.
Volleyball doesn’t exist outside the US? Or charity car washes? Cheerleading is also not innately sexual.
Is it? There is self hatred for sure but that’s the easy way out. You’re trying to think that people are better than they are, that they don’t just irrationally hate gay people doing nothing but just hate part of themselves (a feeling most can relate to) and projecting. But lots and lots do just irrationally hate gay people doing no harm. They really just hate them.
Source on humans being violent creatures by nature? We are social creatures by nature and thrive with positive human contact. Fighting does not support this. Children should be sat down together and sort out their differences with a mediator rather than any encouragement to fight. Because the person with the most valid point isn’t necessarily the strongest person.
Info : This is a pill she’s taking? Not a joint or a vape pen?
Yta - You could have communicated that you appreciate her a lot and really enjoy spending time with her but for you love takes a long time to grow and your very cautious about it. But nah, fuck basic communication.
I feel like that would have caught the news in the Uk atleast. More likely the prom is tied to attendance or such.
I haven’t been to the US for a while but when I went everyone was telling my family that 10% - 12% was what you tip. When did it jump up to 18% - 25% (that seems crazy high)?!
Do you tip bartenders in the US? When I was in NYC they said you dont have to tip (this was in quite a touristy place in 2012ish)? I feel like the etiquette changes in each state.
Everything is in dollar amounts and IIRC when you try purchase something on a playstation it takes you to a seperate screen with just dollar amounts.
Do you never let her leave the house without you? I’m confused here. Is she never allowed to go over their house for ex?
Its meant to be a bit silly. It’s lad culture and the singer is performing to that crowd. So from her audiences perspective it does look a little high and mighty. You want money from the people but don’t wanna be one of them or participate. The point of a shoey is just a joke, you’re just taking the piss a little bit. If she had made a joke back instead up turning her nose she would have got a different reaction. An entertainer is expected to do that at least.
Esh - Your friend can be a bitch and judgemental. But honestly astrology is a bit of fun. Thats why theres so many memes and theres a real meme community with it. Its a bit pretentious to see it as a flaw that someone is just into something you’re not, imo
Nah - How is she was accidents normally? If this is normal reaction I’d say NAH. I have friends who are really chill when accidents occur and thus are super chill when they cause accidents. Then I have friends who apologise like crazy when an accidnent happens because they take it very personally when it occurs to them. Anyway, ask her if she could save up and sort of the screen replacment (dealing with apple is half the hassel aha). If it’s still in waranty she should pay for the new waranty if they offer.
Yta - Some people are not super into giving gifts. And makeup is expensive, he totally could have got that the special limited edition game of thrones eyeshadow cost a lot but then seeing that two fairly basic items cost a lot could have been a bit of a shock. If he doesn’t know what to get you and asks for help, be helpful. Don’t hem and haw and then complain he picks a cheaper brand. Help him, makeup can be super confusing. Giving your shade isn’t really helpful, shade names change between brands. What’s “sand” in one brand is a completly different shade in another. He could also be fairly nervous from, in my experience, often condescending people in Sephora and worried about them being like salesman - just getting you to buy the most expensive thing. Also I know you say you’re really chill with makeup (discluding your complaint on a cheap brand) but most people aren’t. It’s like buying clothes for someone nearly everyone would prefer just to get the money and buy what they want specfically.
My bet is he saw makeup with GOT on it and brought it going: she likes makeup and got, tick tick. 0 thought about the type of makeup, the colours, the brand.
Tbh pretty funny? Not appropriate probably but funny. My dad skipped child support a bunch then spent fathers day spouting on fb about how he was a great dad.
He’s 16. 100% can grasp exactly why its shitty.
I mean, I get it’s revenge. But if she’s already going round saying your ugly she’ll probably go round telling everyone that you don’t wipe.
Info: Does your syllabus allow the electronic copy to be different? My university does not and it would count as a failure to submit that document.
Because you don’t have any solid plans. You don’t have hard reservations, you don’t have your own holiday. This is a holiday with her family that I’m guessing doesn’t occur often. You can celebrate 3 dad after your planned casual celebration.
The mandated reporter shouldn’t be discouraging. What should occur is that when this conversation is brought up that the MR goes through what their duty is. They allow the person to talk about their feelings. A teacher or doctor, if there is no immediate harm, should get them in contact with a trained proffessional. It isn’t like psych holds are the straight and narrow. But a teacher (one type of mandated reporter) is not qualified to counsel someone with suicidal ideation. They have a duty to get them into contact with someone they believe is qualified. Otherwise it is very likely that they can do more harm than good. MR isn’t intended and shouldn’t stop conversation of suicidal ideation. It is intended that when a person does open up and clearly is seeking help they recieve it from a proffesional rather than a layman. It would be like if you confessed to your teacher than you have a broken arm because you fell out of a tree. You’re scared of your mum finding out. You’d rather they didn’t attempt to fix your arm themselves but take you to a hospital and recieve care without your mum finding out the specfic reasons.
Didn’t jesus also have a jew-fro styled hair? And swear he was pretty on the lean side, with all his travelling and such? Also questionable if jesus had the last laugh. The jewish people don’t accept him as their saviour, christians are pretty removed from jewish people in culture and teachings.
This happens with every new one that gets released. As soon as it proves to be fine they accept and move on. After 5g is everywhere they’re move on to saying 6g is killing everyone and is the next doom.
It could be better to give education to certian reporters (in some states evey adult is a mandated reporter). But frankly it would still not be sufficent compared to someone who has spent their whole undergraduate and post graduate life studying mental illnesses and treatment. It could also make a MR believe they are fully equipped and never recommend a proffesional.
Sorry but isn’t round about 10 and under sort of normal to see in a women’s bathroom? I usually see mum’s take that age and under in there, and I’m sure plenty of kids that age also make mistakes and go in the wrong one.
Why are reposts bad? When they stop being new for the people who upvote, they won’t upvote.
Because it isn’t just reparations for slavery. It’s for the continue government endorsed (the laws they passed and refused to pass for a time) racism starting with slavery and going all the ways into the 60s. Theres even a fairly strong argument that it should also take into consideration governmet sponsered activities in black communities that attempted to ruin them even more and still have a lasting effect today. Also no politician or economist talking about reperations wants just money given. It is reperations in the form of increased gov spending in effected areas, unity programs in effected areas, and various government programs aimed at helping effected people (drug effects, gang effects, etc.) I’m not sure what you mean by concerntration camps. But in 1935 there wasn’t any internment camps for germans in the US. They have not gone to war with germany, in fact german citizens were still allowed to enter the US and become US citizens with relative ease.
I’m a little confused on why he isn’t liable. If he is feeding the pests which is keeping them close to his house, is he not creating the nusiance? What does he mean that they aren’t dependent on him? He went on holiday for 2 weeks and they were fine? That doesn’t mean they are coming and staying in this area because of his feeding?.
Yep! My mum would always call up around christmas and go “ahh we’re thinking of just changing, freeview is actually pretty good and we have netflix (and before that she’d talk about blockbusters)” and then we’d get movies and skysports free for like 6 months.
So you’d want it to be a rule that a cop cannot misconstrue the law. Now that is pretry much policy for most police departments already. They’ll get reprimanded and such for doing so - saying that something is illegal. You should be able to go in and make a complaint about such thing already in the US and europe.
Yta - That’s what kids do. She is a kid. They go through a stage where all people of the opposite gender have cooties and everything to do with PDA is gross.
Well you have to remember they also will learn than psychopathy (as it was known then) and stressors don’t necessarily ever lead to such thing. People with autism can have issues with empathy the same way someone with anti-social personality disorder (psychopaths) do. They also have stressors that can cause some people to break stuff and react violently. They also can hurt animals in their childhood. And its very common for them to react very strongly to something that happens to everyone (breaking up, losing a job, etc.)
They don’t (partially because he hasn’t gone to a psychologist or such) but it’s fairly easy to infer. He is non-verbal, benefits from music therapy and such. He is clearly high functioning so back then he likely wouldn’t be given the diagnosis but now it is much broader and he exhibts signs of it.
Yes you go to court. Then the court can order another paternity test. When that comes back negative you are absolved.
Gender is a social construct. That is a long standing fact. We know different cultures may have different genders and such. That doesn’t mean gender isn’t real. And that the rules of how you assign gender aren’t real. Money is a social construct. Dollars are a social construct. They mean nothing objectively. They are pieces of paper. Society and culture give them the value they have. Doesn’t mean they aren’t real. I think you are clearly taking “social construct” to mean “not real”. That isn’t what it means. Some liberals are changing the modern social construct of gender (male, female. Rule is birth sex). Namely adding a 3rd gender and changing the rules. Thus science is noticing this change pick up action and wants to avoid confusion. Lots of science organisations are now using “sex” instead of “gender”. As the modern social construct of gender is changing slowly perhaps. Some science journals and scientists do not follow this yet. That doesn’t invalidate gender being a social construct. It still is, just they are following the modern social construct (male, female. Rule: assigned at birth).
Yta - Still stealing. They can still get into trouble. Ask your parents to buy your some or a friend (if anyone is over 18). I really doubt all your friends are stealing.
I use light theme for everything, it’s superior. Change my mind.
11$ is still too high for the hamburger. They need to get down to cents to be profitable (factoring the other ingrediants, transportation, fast food workers, and restaurant upkeep).
I saw it at 12 and 18. When I was bored at 12, my granddad just told me to count the dicks on it. There’s quite a few.
You can’t prove something is false. That’s impossible. They’re the ones that have to prove is true. Occam’s razor would suggest that the more obvious answer is that people on the internet lie all the time meaninglessly. There are entire subreddits pointing this out.
What state says that you honk the horn when passing someone??!? That’s the dumbest thing, surely people would be honking horns all the time on highways and such.
Why do you think various studies prove otherwise? Have you ever attempted to stimulate solitary confidentment? No entertainment, constant light, no interaction. Try simulate it for a couple of days. Prepackage some food, remove entertainment from your room, look up the size of a solitary cell in your state and get some masking tape and line off the room. It’s not just human interaction. It is any form of entertainment. No reading, no watching tv, nothing.
Bit confused since I’m used to being on the other side of the road. Do you not just have sections on the road where you can overtake safely? And isn’t undetaking (speeding up as someone tries to overtake) illegal anyway?
It’s easier to do it the non-iowa way when there’s a load of nature. If there is a forest, it is easy to move the border around the forest so only one county needs to manage it rather than having a weird half and half potentionally. (Or god forbid some weird 1/5 or something). Same with rivers and lakes. It allows easier management of these areas that don’t fall into straight lines. That’s the point of counties after all. Same with towns. If you have 3 towns. Town A is far from Town B and Town C. C and B and quite close and thus run into similar issues with housing, work, and crime. Iowa may group Town A and Town B together because it works out neatly on a map and populations. But A and B don’t have the same issues and now its going to be just harder to manage the cross issues between B and C.
Provinces are closer to counties. They just allow local government to run. I doubt you live somewhere where the parliment (or whoever is incharge of the whole country) sorts out local issues and funding (eg. When are we going to pave that road thursday or saturday?)
So the rest is true? You invited them to a unfamiliar place to hang out and are now just leaving them without money in your apartment and they don’t know what to do?
So are you avoiding them?
But if you have been talking to them via email and not text or steam why would you change and talk by text or steam and not email?? Like just seems easier to communicate with what you two have been messaging from the entire time? You are really bad at explaining context. Have your purposly been arriving home late to avoid them?
I dont get people that come onto here no understanding scottish slang and never learn lol
Objective Criteria doesn’t exist for judging art for how good it is. Objective criteria does exist for judging the style of art. One critic may also subjectively create a ordered list of art styles and decide that according to this list that one art piece if in style X is always worse than another in style Y. They are creating their own objective scale (the art style list) but their scale is still subjective so outside of themselves their views are still subjective. There isn’t a way to judge art objectively outside the view of one person. One person can be objective to themselves. Just not to another.
Kid of father who turned up after 14 years of not. He doesn’t care about the kid. He cares about what he wants, just so happens recently it has changed and now he wants the family life and the kid completes his picture. If he cared about the kid he’d be thinking about how to do this best for the kid. He’d be talking to the mum healthily, he’d be offering slow contact and lots of space, he’d be offering lots of choices and freedom on the kids side (are letters okay? Are phone calls okay? No, that’s fine take your time. Etc.). Stripping that freedom from a 15 year old shows so little care for them and is virtually treating them like some autonomous toy that will behave how he says and how the courts say (not that the courts would follow his plans at all). Different story if he showed any actual care for the individual and not himself.
I mean it is miles and miles better than nothing.
It could be funny if he didn’t move after them and back them into a corner as they move away. But doing that is just gross.
So you’ve come to the conclusion that the government should help Ann. Not by punishing Sarah but helping her get to the position she has lost. Well done! That is what modern reperations are. No politican talks about taking anything away from Sarah. They talk about giving to Ann through programs and helpful welfare to help Ann and her descendants in the long term return to where she should be. That is what modern reperations are. Some people misconstrue it, but modern politicians who want reperations talk about the above. That is the point I was getting at. That Sarah shouldn’t be punished severely (kicking her off the farm) but that something does need to be done to help Ann.
A civil request of letting him physically see the daughter or force himself on her through calls and letters? Too far of a jump. Especially since they’ve had 0 contact for so long. It’s genuine apologies to the mum, its talking about contributing (before he sees the child, should start at the very least now when he is “stepping up”), meeting up with the mum several times, then letting the mum broach the child about it and about what they want to do or not do. The kid might refuse and thats fair. They might say yes but to one call or letter to see how it goes. They might say no but they want a letter about why they left and why they’ve come back. All fair to the person who is being fucked the most here. It should be the kid’s decision if they want to hear from the dad. They’ve suffered. They are old enough to decide at this point.
Yta - She’s not half naked. It’s the exact same as a dress. In fact there’s lots of retailers that sell these sorts of dresses that are styled like a big top or jumper its quite popular.
So is a dress half naked??
You’ve underwhelmed aha dw. When the issue is communication but you post it on AITA instead of responding you’re being passive aggressive.
Yta - It started out as a sexist tradition but has largely been reclaimed and is very much removed from its roots. Plenty of people walk down the asile alone or with someone thats meaningful.
Yta - 1. For the whole above. 2. For projecting hard on a child an unstable mentality (“CPAP’s gave you trauma” seriously). 3. For not reading like anything about parenting before **choosing** to become one. You don’t get imbedded with knowledge as soon as you have your child, the rush of child psychologists and multi-decade studies don’t go into your brain. You know that. But you refuse (or ignore) to read about parenting. Or you would know that hover parenting (which is what you are doing) is detrimental to child developlment and can severely hinder a child emotionally and intellectually. You’re an asshole for continuing and not sincerely trying to not fuck up your kid and help them grow into an adult.
Witness testimony is valid evidence. There’s also circumstancial evidence - timings and placing and such. Just because there isn’t video evidence doesn’t mean other evidence isn’t valid and shouldn’t be taken into consideration over the story. Read the story yourself, but no evidence is silly to say.
I dunno I think these cakes are pretty funny. Why not make a joke about a super painful experience you’ve chosen to undertake - that’s a pretty funny concept in the first place. Like its a bit silly imo to make out birth is a 100% beautiful and perfect experience.
I mean if that specfic church isn’t they are part of an organisation that is functioning as a non-profit. A charity doesn’t need to have every worker or space doing charitable things.
Witness testimony is valid evidence. Don’t invalidate it. Slander, as you said, requires intent. People who say he sexual assaulted or harrassed people do not fundementally believe or have evidence avaliable (that they have read) that PROVES that that is a lie. So they are not intentfully lying. So you can say: i think he sexually harrassed those women. You can’t say even say: it’s a proveable fact in a court that he sexually harrassed those women. Because it isn’t proveable fact in a court. There is the **intent**, there is the lie. He wasn’t found guilty, not that he was on trial, but he has not been found guilty in a court of law. So saying he has is slander. It is an intended lie. Saying that you believe that with the current evidence he did it, is not a lie. He wasn’t found innocent. No one is. That is specfically why it is “guilty”/“not guilty”. Innocence is not proven. Also, slander is a civil suit. So Brett would need to file the suit. To file he needs damages. What the hell are the damages? What are the damages of one person saying that? Nothing. No damages == no civil suit. Let’s say he didn’t get the chair because the public believed he did it. Still no damages. Because he can’t take on a group of people that aren’t linked. So he would have to take them on one by one. What is the damages of one person saying that? ZERO. No suit. Also not slander.
I mean then yeah imo a bit YTA. You can’t dictate how he is going to handle the games in a group setting if you are the only one bothered. And in the end, he is still hosting. This sort of issue should have been resolved after the first campaign or session 0 about what you expect from the campaign. But in the end it isn’t a service or transactional, its a group of friend playing a game together. It’s sort of like going over to someone elses pool to play and being annoyed you have to share their pool with their cousin as well.
Nah - You did something normal that plenty of people do. But it was easily and understandably misconstrued. You deleted it on this. If you haven’t received any more word on the then there aren’t really any assholes imo. But I do recommend reading “so you’ve been publicly shamed” by Jon Ronson. It’s a very good book about more extreme cases and you might get some respite from it.
Sure it will, didn’t say it wouldn’t aha. Just also the side effects from an IUD are slightly more common and are painful as well? Again, I was just pointing out his missed points from the OP.
Sorry, I meant the vasectomy is a 20 min procedure. An IUD is around 5.
Copper IUDs still come with heavy cramping, bleeding, and inflamation as common side effects.
People usually have an important time on then (time when we got married, birth of child).
Dw :) it’s a very small introduction and, to reassure you more, everything is spoken about as it happening to other people. As in: “you might see a couple who is a man and a man” or “you might see someone who used to be a man and called “ben” but now is a woman called “sarah”, that’s okay and you should feel free to ask your parents or a teacher about it”. Complex ideas such as gender identity aren’t even being introduced formally at any stage I believe, although some want it to be around 10/11. But they will talk about trans people but in a very reductionist way. The only point of this education is: your kid is going to hear about and see trans/gay/lesbian people, this is what they are, they may be part of your family or someone elses family or just random people.
I mean yes really. Any type of performing art (music, theatre, dance) has always had people prized on their attractivness as well as their talent.
Yeah it was year 6 for me, and then again in year 9 where they talked in way more detail
Dogs are allowed in restaurants all the time. The food court is where you eat not where prep happens. This isn’t a dep of health issue. Unless you saw dogs behind the counters where the cooks are it means literally nothing. Have you never eaten outside? Warning there are lots of animals.
Yta - Places are allowed to have dress clothes. They can be arbitrary as hell, they can tell you to dress more modestly. It isn’t an insult. They aren’t calling you a slut over it. It’s showing respect. Just like how some also ask people to take off hats. It is a very common rule when it comes to churches in europe. And keep in mind europe is a place where toppless sun bathing is pretty common.
It more tends to be how close to the bone it is or if you are especially ticklish or sensitive in that area.
Then you should also know that it isn’t on the patrons to enforce it nor on the patrons to be punished for it. It is on the mall or restaurant. Also a food court is not going to count likely. A food court is not under supervision of any of the restaurants around it (at least not usually, as none of them can control who sits there) but usually the mall controls it. Anyone can sit there with food or not, it isn’t classfied as a restaurant and doesn’t come under regulation.
Do you have trouble thinking people have deeper motivations and innerworkings than surface level?
to establish, you’re both 18, and an example is that she cried because she got insecure over a text you sent. Eh NAH for me, going through puberty is gunna make the hormones the worst, if she is on birth control she could be someone who has an even worse reaction. But she got upset over something silly, admitted it, and explained yeah thats what hormones can do. It isn’t exactly nice on her side.
Nta - its healthy not to hold onto hate, especially if you have moved on. Your ex had confused feelings which you both spoke about and established in a healthy way. Your communication is at a healthy and comfortable boundry. Your girlfriend is in the wrong, my bet is she tried being the “chill cool girl” girlfriend when she was never really comfortable with talking to your ex.
Its always easy to say “break up with her” and everything. I mean you should and I think you know that, but its harder than people make it out to be especially since it seems like you have settled in with the relationship. But I do really wish you well, if you wanna try see if it changes, try, but hold yourself to a standard and thus the people you are dating. And think about what you’re asking to change - her lying and manipulating, the boundaries she wants to set (with the ex), etc. You need to have a convo with her if you do want this to work and you both need to come to that convo ready and willing to take either outcome (acceptance/refusal) and not just let it slide.
I mean you solving the issue of a broken nose by cutting off the head. You’d destroy all life anyway. And leave a solitary planet potentially no different from mars. While, if action was taken, we could really stop and reverse climate change and its effects. You’d have to get congress + the navy to agree to do so. They’re not. It would be much easier convincing both to focus all effort of climate change.
I don’t think people complain about the minority characters just being flawed, they tend to complain about often harmful sterotypes pushed onto these characters. Take, The Blind Side. You have a prominent black male character. But the movie is a white saviour movie first, which nothing wrong with that inherently but this movie does have issues. Black people, despite being the forfront, are reduced to a fool or gangster like. The true story of black families also helping Michael for most of his formative years is gone and its made to seem like he never got help from anyone. Michael is made to seem like, in the US, he has no idea how to play american football at all, not one bit and needs to white saviour to teach him (first in an pretty well written speech, then in a childlike way). No one is complaining that Michael can’t know about american football or be very dumb, or that black gangsters just don’t exist. Because they do, and those characters are in plenty of other movies without fault. They aren’t complaining about it being inherently a white saviour movie. Blazing saddles is technically in that genre but well regarded and loved as in Lawrence of Arabia. As in Django unchained. But they all disect the harmful genre or play it up for social commentary. People complain because: it’s not accurate to what the true life is about and not just in small ways but specfically to prop up the white person it diminishes all the black people severely in the whole movie or completly hides them. Is the movie playing into a harmful sterotype as if it is a-okay and chill? Is the movie diminishing people of a certian colour to prop up other people of a certian colour? Is this never framed as bad or that it should change even indirectly? That’s what people complain about, Michael can be dumb just he isn’t in real life. And his dumbness is used to make the white characters seem smarter, more capable, and kinder for imparting wisdom.
It happens everytime a new technology comes out. I mean how many people thought the hadron collider would destory the whole universe? Or about 2012. And then the technology does’t and people move on.
So IVF should become a 1 embryo gets fertilised each time. Making it drastically drastically harder to have children. Or IVF is banned? What occurs if they ask for IVF and then the mother dies or backs out after the embryo is fertilised. Who carries it? Is she forced to if she backs out? Dragged to the operating room?
Do you want this to carry over to other crimes?? Get rid of manslaughter as a crime? If not why are miscarriages an exception? What if she did “cause” it. Ie. Drank alcohol, had a stressful job, etc.
He is able to walk away, though as such can be civily liable since he isn’t completing the contract between the two by providing the service. He would not be forced to operate. You can refuse the product even once brought. So would you genuinly drag the woman onto the operating table, likely have to sedate her, and forceably make her carry the child? What if the promise mother has died? Who do you do that to?
I don’t mind a decent sized military budget. But let’s spend it on the truely great and drastically life changing things the military does... their massive research and development of technology, medicine, and cures. Fuck the weapons, the US created one of the first computers through the Navy, the deep web, GPS, cures for chemical warefare agents. Great things that really help and effect people positively. Continue, fund that, fund a bunch of productive and positive research into psychology, rehabilitation, everything. They did it for a short time (mostly with the intention of going:: see!! Mental illness makes you loopy and crazy and hell! Lobotomies are great! Weed bad) and really actually found out some stuff and funded a lot of research. Imagine that money going towards improving solar and wind and wave power, looking into treatments for mental illnesses, looking into criminal and drug rehabilitation for the most effective cures! It would be amazing.
This sounds like a korean spa. Probably why the friend threatened to cancel a korean trip.
He already knew that clearly cause he had hazards on?
Are her parents closer in age to you than you are to her?
Genuinly curious not meaning this rude (and I know over the internet it can sound like that) but what are your plans when you retire say around 60 and she can’t for another 20 years? I’ve always wondered that for relationships with an age gap.
Info: whats your age? And what’s B’s age? A spanking at 5 is different than 10 or 16. If you were a kid while this occured then you were a victim as well. Children struggle and normalise abuse by witnessing it. If you weren’t then yeah you watched someone get abused.
You pay for access to that 1gb for that month time slot. Not forever. Or you could say the same about unlimited texts, once you’ve brought it once you get it forever. It’s like seeing a movie. You’ve paid to see the movie in that time slot. If you leave half an hour before the end you don’t get to come back at a different time and request to see the last half an hour.
What would change your mind?? Someone found some music you liked, someone pointed out that you are plainly wrong about diversity in advertising back then, what changws your mind? You really need to think about that before you come to this sub, read the side bar. Have some clear parameters on what would change your mind and maybe tell us. Because otherwise we are all trying to say that green isn’t the only best colour but you are here to soapbox that green is the best colour.
I might be a bit young to know who steven tyler is.
Why do you like old music better? What features consistently appear. Do you really like old music better or do you like a particular genre and that particular genre’s gold age was in the past? Do you just particularly like some artists? Does it really make a difference to you in Johnny Cash made music 20 years ago or if he came out with a similar track 2 weeks ago?
I think most suggestions also come with making university free, implementing a Uk like tuition payment system, or at the very least nation wide caps on tuition. So point two isn’t that much of an issue.
Srs do you think? I was thinking of buying the goldish colour for my friend, she’s a 480 in fenty, and she really like trophy wife so I thought more gold? Aha
Have you ever met someone with a weird name who likes it? Ever. On the internet, casually, ever. I haven’t.
That doesn’t look pleated in any of the photos. Pleats are like multiple folds in the skirt. And its got that wish wording where it doesn’t appear to fit. It isn’t especially flared and definitly not pleated.
Dontcha know you can just buy everything cheap on amazon? Quality - who is she?!
It’s not HR or managments job to ensure everyone gets along and everything is chill. Sometimes what they do do ends up meaning that everyone gets along and its chill, but they aren’t going for that. HR and management are there to protect the company. Someone making a complaint can and often is percieved as causing trouble. Especially agaisnt someone more senior. The company is already betting and associating itself with the more senior person. Who makes more money, has more time, and knows their rights better when it comes to firings. So they want to avoid anything and fire or penalise the trouble maker. I mean it’s why we hate shit stirrers and not the people shitting. The person who has made it a company issue is the woman. And 9/10 she is young, poor, and not in a senior position while the attacker is the opposite.
What’s the time frame then? Cause there sort of has to be one. What if you only need to eat healthy amd exercise forceably until you’re 30. And no tattoos, and not unprotected sex, and no high risk sex (sorry gay men)?
Uhh sorry have you ever driven in the centre of paris? Or any major city? And “city hall” is not gunna get public attention. Because only politicians are gunna care a slight bit and they are going to ignore it because it has 0 impact except when they walk into their office maybe for 5 mins.
How does a company decide who to give their limited internships to? And now you expect young people to support themselves for a year without payment? That is not better than loans. Loans give you the money + allow you to work. Now let’s look at the white rich problem with lawyers and judges get bigger and bigger. And I’m not saying schooling is perfect but don’t act like all that comes out of it is regurgitatation at that level. Especially not with law school. It does show your critical thinking, it shows your dedication, and lots of assignments do constantly test out persusasive skills and such so your grades will reflect this.
You can work fairly easily while in school. You can’t do that if you are working full time unpaid for a year. Getting a loan isn’t good, but it is way easier and more accessible than not working for a year.
Yeah I guess hormones don’t have any emotional effects
Probably in part, I mean this is harrowing footage to watch, imagine being maybe a little buzzed and witnessing this. He did a lot more than I think some people would. Shouting at exits, moving out the way, breaking windows. Running in is not going to help one bit and just means firemen have one more person to try help.
Not all the time, I’ve seen. It’s just more of a US weird thing because taxes are never liked so they’d rather pay a HOA to maintain commin areas than the local town or such. If you live in a place with common areas that need to be maintained then its probably good.
NTA. He came up by himself and probably wanted a chat. No one chooses to sit at a table with other people when theres vacant one otherwise. I also bet the other guys were a bit lad-y or older to care that much. Rude as hell.
Most of those shows are more tween and teen shows that people sexualise because they watched it at a coming of age. So its usually their first crushes and introduction to sexuality. MLP is not something people watch at a coming of age.
Hmm see I was still watching that older around 10ish and do specfically remember the hex girls being my first crushes.
Sorry, u/chibbied – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+chibbied&amp;message=chibbied+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eirsh2/-/fctk0po/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Andthentomorrow – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Andthentomorrow&amp;message=Andthentomorrow+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eizsfk/-/fcuu2r3/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/dahuterschuter – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+dahuterschuter&amp;message=dahuterschuter+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eiznp0/-/fcugbzs/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Dogenewnewnew – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Dogenewnewnew&amp;message=Dogenewnewnew+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eist9r/-/fcv35e1/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Info: is that one the exact kimono you’re wearing. The fit and all that isn’t inappropriate. But in that picture you can tell its quite sheer especially at the back. If the whole material is sheer like that, yeah I wouldn’t really say that’s appropriate necessarily. Maybe some shorts or a tanktop under?
I honestly don’t think we recieve enough trolls to counteract the people genuinly new (or wanting to use a throwaway legitimately). Trolls (in my experience) aren’t that common so aren’t big enough of a bother. What is way more frequent is people with long term accounts often breaking rules over an extended time.
And its called backpay because its paying the mother back.
Info? How was it something chomsky would wear? Did it have a lingusitic joke on? Do you think Chomsky would wear something likely mass produced at detriment to the enviornment as well as children in 3rd world countries and manufacturered to seem intellectual? Would Chomsky even like the idea of christmas sweaters? What do you even mean chomsky would wear it?
Its unjust to keep someone in jail essentially for something else. If you are gunna let some people out you shouldnt keep others because “we think but don’t want to prove or show the actual evidence that you did X crimes”. Its an all or nothing scenrio.
Not really right? Bob has sex with Jane and Sarah. He has had 2 sexual partners and they have both had 1. Thats just happening on a wider scale.
Nah - It could also be from a fear perspective. I’ve lived in countries with active beggars and passive beggars. Active ones do tend to target women and can be incrediably intimidating and rude. Passive ones also can target women in some ways that can make women really want to avoid them. If she came from a place of active beggars I 100% understand her dislike. She may not want to invite homeless people to try take conversation with her.
So emotional cheating is more than just doing something with someone else. Its dating and flirting with someone else. Its treating someone else as an SO. Because we know relationships are more than sexual. There is the emotional part not in only the connection but in what you do for each other. Emotional cheating would be: - flirting / courting - taking the person on dates - placing the person above others - sharing exclusively with the person over your partner Emotional cheating is seen as seperate because it is a different layer. If someone is cheating via having meaningless sex vs someone having a full affair. Those are different.
So I would say this: Bi is when you take in consideration gender and Pan is when you don’t. Taking in consideration gender might mean you have different specfic gender expectations or preferences. For ex. You prefer surfer guys vs prefering geeky girls. Or you prefer guys with brown hair and girls with blonde. Pan would not have these.
Yta It’s like if I complimented a friends body and then you went “well its not natural because they go to the gym and care about what they eat.” Like nah, but its still natural. She wasn’t going: I rolled out of bed like this. Curls can be unaturally styled (as in curlers, rollers, a perm, or even a wig).
Except he didn’t put in his parental leave. He has a right to have parental leave and can neither be fired for taking it or asking for it. Its tough luck if they can’t get anyone else for a buisness trip.
Possibly, though I don’t know what Iran would count them as. Iran doesn’t recognise dual citizenship.
Yes grooming can happen outside the family and its much easier to spot and prove when it does (because a lot of grooming tactics are also things family member already do with each other, just without the purpose of sex). An older person grooming a child and only have sex with them when they turn 18, is still a crime. It’s grooming. My point is, grooming would essentially become inherent to incestual relationships. Because the emotional bonds and manipulation is already there for family relationships.
Coke. They’ve done a lot of fucked up things in South America. Really really fucked up things.
Probably because they’d just get insurance for a short amount of time and then cancel it.
I might be really confused but isn’t a reservation just when you call up the restaurant and ask them to keep a table for you? It doesn’t take that long to do?
They mean condiments. In the UK and Australia sauce is the same as condiments.
While a 600lbs person can’t function properly we are talking about somone being impaired. A 600lbs is not imparired. They should not be forced into guardianship. An alcoholic isn’t even imparied. It is an extreme case where they are. Same with mentally ill people. They need to be impaired. Because guardianship is more than just forcing that person into a rehab. You can gain control of their money, you can take away their right to vote, you can cause them to have no freedom of movement. A 600lbs person can still hold down a job succesfully. Not many jobs are avaliable to them, but they can still hold down a job. They can maintain healthy relationships (romantic, platonic, etc.). They are not imparied.
What do you mean we disregard other animals as food production which other animals do not do? If you mean overusing to the detriment of our food source. Thats a thing pretty much all predators will do. It’s a scientificly observable thing. Say you have a forest with rabits and foxes. And its a really good summer with plenty of rain and sun. So the more rabbit babies survive and more rabbits are born. So the foxes have an easier time hunting and more foxes survive and more fox babies are born. Then because they are more foxes than the rabbit population can maintain, lots of rabbit die, and then there isn’t enough food for the foxes, so the foxes die, then because there aren’t many foxes the rabbit population grows again and so forth. Its a cycle between predators and prey that occurs all the time. Theres no foxes going round going: hey honey let’s not have any kids to keep our packa population consistent with generations as to not deplete the rabbits we kill. No it goes through cycles and they die.
Animals do that as I said above. They overhunt alllllll the time. That’s why cullings occur. Territorial animals will also expand than territory as much as physically possible without care even when they don’t need that much territory. Edit: heres a mathmatical explanation: https://www.mathscareers.org.uk/article/hunter-hunted/
Predators do that to other predators all the time as well? Wolf packs will attack each other over their territory (food source) all the time despite having a large enough territory (food source) already.
... just like how theres Irish pubs in the US there are Irish pubs in England.
It’s not even that hard for that to happen. So almost certianly multiple people. Because that happens when people are putting glitter on their eyelid or face as makeup and it drops down during the day. So if someone got it in their hair, it vould still drop down and fuck their eye. It’s sort of a big issue because lots lf people will use normal glitter with their makeup. That’s why now theres a push for makeup glitter (more like a glitter gell).
Damn. Do you put vinegar on them as well or is that not common? Or pepper (as in black pepper)?
Yeah there is a lot of misogyny within the gay community and drag is a mixed bag. Some queens celebrate women and feminity and some don’t. The use of fishy is explicity a gross statement. And for ex. Rupauls drag race doesn’t allow mention of periods. A queen wanted to wear a dress that was a large pad, part of the de-stigma. And she wasn’t allowed. I can also understand how a lot of women see drag as making fun of women. There is that part. As well as pushing harmful sterotypes - eg. Women are only women with curves, women are sluts, etc.
Huh, brown sauce? I suppose I shouldn’t be too surprised, I just imagined americans as slapping on every possible sauce onto their food aha.
Do you mean just physical harm? Because these countries are truely sincere in their beliefs they believe that if they allow someone to break rules ordained by God/Allah that they all will face punishement and pain. So, in their belief system, allowing people to do these things does hurt them.
Sorry, u/watch_over_me – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+watch_over_me&amp;message=watch_over_me+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eo3b53/-/fe9l224/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/jeff_the_old_banana – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+jeff_the_old_banana&amp;message=jeff_the_old_banana+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/enlheu/-/fe5crgs/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
But way more can go right. There is a reason why the SAS (uk equivilant of navy seals) has the motto of “who dares wins”. You can never truely get all the benefits if you don’t dare.
If thats something you want the mods to discuss post it to r/ideasforcmv
Not really. It would be trademarked so other products couldn’t be called Kylie xproductname. I’m fairly sure mary-kate and ashley got a trademark for their name. It’s not really about how common. There aren’t any other products already using the Kylie xproductname as far as I know. It was just making sure they couldn’t in the same field.
Sure but people born in China still call themselves Chinese not “normal people”.
I mean I would say the oitnb has stronger themes of friendship/found family than romance. And it can be in more than one catagory, but yh. The cover art is randomly picked based on what would appeal to the user the most. So maybe Netflix thinks this would appeal to you if the coverart was romantic?
You’ve given me a brain thought. A kebab but its like oreo white studf and they shave it off and put it onto like, instead of pita bread, a like pita bread shaped orea cookie thing. Like a sweet kebab. ??
Also frankly the driver might be super squeamish around blood, he could faint at the smell or sight. He isn’t an EMT where there is a prerequisite to be chill around blood.
Tbf if you were close with the person, shaving your head with them can make them feel less odd and help them emotionally. But I’d feel incredibly uncomfortable if my coworkers did it. But I’m not close to any of them.
Human’s have rarely relied on genetics. We rely on invention. It would be much easier to invent an exoskeleton to support our bodies than change geneitics. It’s like saying we should change o geneitics to get hairy so we don’t need clothes.
I think she struggles for some things a lot of mum’s struggle with: She gave up a very big and fulfilling career in law to be a stay at home mum. And that was okay when she had the perfect family and husband and never had to deal with seeing where she could be otherwise. But since she started working again she got the fulfilment again in that aspect (actually being smart etc.) and was frequently shown where she would be otherwise (probably a lot higher up). So that can make anyone question their choices. And... well she doesn’t get her children. Like many parents do. Lots of parents (and kids) sometimes deal with the whole: well, we wouldn’t be friends or close if we weren’t blood related. Which is true for a lot of families. Also I think she sometimes resented her children’s decisions and obliviousness to obligation. Which again anyone would. And its good she openly struggles with this. Her kids get to openly explore religion, “contraversial” relationships, and choosing not to have children. She didn’t and can’t. I think part of her is glad about this and so she doesn’t necessarily stop her children; and part of her is resentful that she doesn’t have the same freedom. Also she did have to deal with some fairly hurtful comments from her children about just forgiving Peter. Also the children I think are old enough to see how their Grandma treats her and play into it sometimes to get what they want. They’re children so she forgives and doesn’t get angry, but it can still hurt emotionally at a level.
Gender netural bathrooms can have urinals but they aren’t necessary. I mean really you are adding more work as gender netural bathrooms tend to put little doors around the urinals for privacy. A women’s bathroom turned gender netural is the exact same thing, no changes necessary. Also you don’t need to worry about adding a tampon machine or such. Or baby changing. Or those little bins. most women’s bathrooms already have them.
I’ve been to multiple cities with gender netural bathrooms. Barcelona and Paris have quite a few. Urinals are not a requirment. In addition, don’t mens rooms not have many stalls? At my school the girls bathroom had like 5 stalls but the boys had 2. Considering if you are making it gender netural the majority of people are going to be needing stalls (women 100% of the time, and men some of the time). You need more stall space. Which womens bathrooms already have.
But does he put his whole fist up there?
You don’t put milk in tea? I prefer it black but?
And having a bity child. Even before teeth come in they can bite and it can make you bleed.
Does the government have access to it though? Tech companies are 50/50 on working with the government. Apple refuses completle, Facebook (and what it owns) doesn’t. Where does Google stand?
Too point out it still isnt rape in some parts of the US if you drug your wife or don’t use physical threat on them. So if you threatened their children, it isn’t rape, if they are unconicous it isn’t rape, or if the threats weren’t physical it isn’t rape.
Yta Your acting like its some amazing thing that you worked. Like... so many people work. So many people work to actually survive, like pay rent and food. But you had an actual luxury afforded probably by your parents to choose to work and when you did choose to spend it completly on a luxury item. Did you pay to go on the holiday? Did they ask you to bring the camera? You made choices.
I presumed it more because plus size is used with clothing sizes for women and such. A plus size top is anything over a UK size 12 where I am. While men just shop in S, M, Ls.
I do some charity work with helping homeless people (mostly CV and interview help). And honestly this sort of shit clearly has an effect of their self esteem as well, like quite a bit. Some have a concerningly low self esteem and mention stuff like this a lot. As well as people avoiding their eyesight, crossing the street around them, etc. I didn’t really realise hostile architecture beforehand but now I can’t help but see it everywhere. I live in a country where active begging is illegal (which I personally agree with) so I don’t even get when some shop owners try to give safety arguements. Especially since homeless people are more likely to be victims.
Personally not just that but how fast they go. I see tourists and people use them on normal paths. And they go pretty fast and I’d imagine if you crashed into a pedestrian it would hurt a lot. They go faster than bikes sometimes, no reason they shouldn’t be on the road or a bikelane.
Do you live in a place where that is the age of consent between two males? Some places have a different age of consent for that. The UK is one example where the age of consent between two males is 18 not the usual 16 for everyone else.
Yta She was there first and you chose to smoke. Also unless everyone else at the table is smokers, you probably don’t realise how much you smell even after just one fag. Smokers never do. To me, the smell is disgusting and I’d probably move away from you. And to do it before you share a care is inconsiderate to everyone else.
Its likely their adoption agency asked them a bunch of questions including (although probably less blunt): do you care about the race of the adopted child? And they probably just said no. And that might have been the end of discussion. They may have gotten materials and recommendations for if the kid had special requirements (for ex. My aunt who is white got some materials on how to properly look after her daughter’s (who is black) hair). The adoption agency isn’t going to give them a run down on the racism their kid might experience. They will hand over resources.
Also considering some older peoples views on such acts, she may 100% (and perfectly in her right to do so) not even want to talk about the subject at all and deflect it completly.
Because you don’t want it contaminating water, or coming back in contact with alive people as there can be a lot of disease on there. Graveyards aren’t chosen at random. They are away from water sources and often are thought out on the environmental impact they may have.
Just to add the 90-9-1 is not just an assumption. It’s what companies and influencers aim for. 9% active engagement (upvoting) is seen as good. That’s why you see influencers boast about things like 12%. Even though thats a small number really, thats actually really good engagement.
Because its chocolate it isn’t that deep. And the purpose is to boost team morale. That isn’t going to happen. Also if they start making it clear that voluntary overtime isn’t actually voluntary then thats going to effect morale a lot more.
Yep, or someone with a temporary disability can be there. A broken bone or temporary limited movement, etc.
Well considering OP presumes you only need it if you are in a wheelchair. It’s entirely possible the student did also need/have right to the table.
Once I saw they set the table only for themselves I knew something was up.
My school wouldn’t allow you to get anything from the free school meal program unless you did a biometric fingerprint lock. This was because all hot meals were locked behind a biometric.
I would blame the courts more. Went to court today to give evidence in an assault case. The person had thrown various objects at someone else while on something similar to probation. So if she was found guilty the judge could send her for not only this crime but to serve the full sentence of the last crime (also an assault where she curb stomped a homeless person for sitting in her spot). She eventually admited guilt but said she couldn’t go to jail because it was an accident and she just go so upset she stopped thinking. A 32 year old. Even her defense solicitor said one of the reasons she shouldn’t go to prison was to save the tax payers money! Like?? And did the judge send her away? Nah. Suspended sentence since this is her “last chance”. She showed 0 remorse or even understanding.
Yeah sometimes this sub takes any affection between two people of the same gender as romantic love. Kissing, hugging, holding hands, doesn’t necessarily mean romantic love. Some cultures and people are simply more open with physical affection. Especially frustrating when the two people in the situation both identify as straight (or that they are not in a relationship). Like the Kristen Bell photo recently. Or the Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner photos, yeah lots of people think she is gay, but a photo of them messing around and smiling while both in straight relationships doesn’t make it erasure when the news refers to them as friends.
I mean like I said. You have a bad situation. They get emotionally neglected. But still fed every day, still interacts with friends of theirs, and still goes to school everyday. It **could** expand to them being pressured to drop out or physical/sexual abuse. But it hasnt yet. A foster home will also have the emotional neglect. **And** they won’t be near their friends, **and** might not get food everyday, **and** statistically will drop out earlier, **and** have a higher chance of facing physical or sexual abuse which they do not have any support system or people to actually turn to. The foster home scenrio is currently worse than (at the moment) being emotionally neglected by a parent. It isn’t good. But it surely is the better option. Things could get worse, but nothing stops you leaving when they do.
Sorry, u/cygOblin – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+cygOblin&amp;message=cygOblin+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/et9kvt/-/ffln5lb/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Nyeaheh123 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Nyeaheh123&amp;message=Nyeaheh123+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eu3ycq/-/ffkqyet/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Mostly because men convince them somehow that being a woman is sort of the worst thing to be, so they’re desperate to go “I may be a women but I promise I’m really not like those other ones.” Like its some negative thing you need to compensate for.
But this isn’t shot down in other countries.
If the fines are made so it isn’t a punishment - as in the cost doesn’t hurt. Wouldn’t that mean that using them as a deterrent in the first place will have a lessened effect? Driving a car (where most of these fines come from) isn’t a right, and you can seriously hurt someone in so mant ways. Being reckless (speeding, ignoring rules, etc.) does kill people. Why shouldn’t the fines be hard? Law enforcement often have the unique experience of breaking this news to families - that someone has been killed because of their or someone elses recklessness. I just don’t see why we shouldn’t care about deterrence that these fines bring to some people.
Sure, but they roughly have the same understanding for cruel and unusual. That is a high bar to jump for income based fines. Hell, companies **already** in the US get fined based on their income (or gross profit or whatever). It would not have any actual standing to be cruel and unusual.
Sure, so up them that way as well or impose punishments that actually accumulate points. Don’t make it so its very affordable for everyone just because its affordable for some.
I suppose points would be more reasonable, and yeah you only get a certian amount before your liscense is suspended (in the UK new drivers get 6 and older get 12, speeding (if its lower than the reckless charge) is 3 points). But yeah if given between two choices of: lower it for poorer people so its easier for them to pay and just as easy for richer people to pay vs make it also hard for richer people to pay. I choose the second. I still would rather it be a deterrent and an actual punishment. You could kill someone, you make a very concious choice to break those laws.
Your numbers rely that China would report correct numbers. Which, considering their supression of the news, is almost certianly wrong. China frankly heavily surpresses any news coming out postive or negative. There is 0 reason to put any stock in their numbers.
I mean that is what part of the focus is on. It is comparable to SARs which is fairly contagious, has a decent incubation period, and a 10% mortality rate. So we are baseing the fear of it on SARs not China’s, likely fake, numbers. Its in part of the fear of the unknown. It could be worse.
Oh yeah that is true but vulnerable is hard to define really. Are you a vulnerable person if you are a healthy 60+ year old? Are you vulnerable if you are simply poor so maybe can’t afford a doctor (and therefore reasonably more likely to not recieve treatment)? Are you vulnerable because you had another illness recently so your immune system is slightly weaker? Are you vulnerable if you have a mental illness or mental disability and therefore maybe less likely to go to a doctor, take preventive steps, or know when symptoms occur. Vulnerable person is a broad broad amount of people when it comes to different groups - police, hospitals, government officials. However, with SARs there are two broad catagories. People above 64 and everyone else. Above 64 had roughly a 50% fatality rate, and below had 10%.
The British government (at the time tory) often ignored the plights of all the poor. Especially northerners, welsh, and Irish. In addition, it was a natural event, not one concoted or forced on the Irish. It also was not exactly a preventable one for the resources at the time. That is not comparable to slavery or genocide.
Different dress codes for men and women aren’t illegal, as long as they are still in the same “range”. So he probably can. Just like he probably can request men have ties but women don’t need to; or that women should have heels (although that one is changing possibly).
u/PhantomHived – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+PhantomHived&amp;message=PhantomHived+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/dn0bu7/-/ffy763r/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/RelixArisen – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+RelixArisen&amp;message=RelixArisen+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ev7d8b/-/fg3hvql/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/CorrodeBlue – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+CorrodeBlue&amp;message=CorrodeBlue+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ewgmw6/-/fg45v69/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Weren’t alot also, historically, used for pit fighting?
Did you read the article? it goes specfically quite indepth on what they do to keep fit. Do you think that a sport needs to be exhausting to be a sport? Because lots of sports aren’t exhausting. A marathon or triathlon is exhausting, they physically often cannot expend more energy at the end. A 100m sprint even at olympic level, isn’t the same level of exhausting at all.
I mean they are exorting energy in that car, they do need to train their relexes, they do need to prep, and go through high G. Again, that artical goes through it in an quite detailed way, have you read it? Would only take a minute or two and it might be enlightening. Have you ever driven at the speeds they go? If you do try feeling the air. The air feels like thick cream, it has weight.
Idm if the nanny dog thing is true. But if they’re gunna propose the dogs are nicer because they were bred to be nicer, then... they gotta accept the whole aggression breeding as well
Not doing a very good job at avoiding since your on the lgbt subreddit??
Sorry, u/DavidlikesPeace – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/VeryThroeAway – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+VeryThroeAway&amp;message=VeryThroeAway+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/guc432/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Crusty_Milk – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+Crusty_Milk&amp;message=Crusty_Milk+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/guexmw/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/MJSully18 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+MJSully18&amp;message=MJSully18+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/guf9r6/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Dark_Ansem – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Dark_Ansem&amp;message=Dark_Ansem+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gujiuh/-/fsiqfd5/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Steakman15 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Steakman15&amp;message=Steakman15+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gumb52/-/fsjaj1k/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/SeekingYourTruth – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+SeekingYourTruth&amp;message=SeekingYourTruth+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gv25tw/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Livves25 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Livves25&amp;message=Livves25+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gv0nvv/-/fsm6kes/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Turbo_turbo_turbo – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Turbo_turbo_turbo&amp;message=Turbo_turbo_turbo+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gv39hq/-/fsmg96x/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/llammetvuori – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+llammetvuori&amp;message=llammetvuori+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gv4z7b/-/fsmg5oy/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
The thing is we don’t know if it is terroist or not because one side hasn’t won. Freedom fighter vs terroist are the same things pretty much. It merely depends mostly on who wins/who you think is fighting for the right cause. I say their cause is just. Therefore they are more akin to freedom fighters like Nelson Mandela or the tea party. Do you believe their cause not to be just?
Sorry, u/Ragnar109 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+Ragnar109&amp;message=Ragnar109+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gvilz4/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
What about for manhunts? Loose fugitives who could cause harm to the public and they need to be searched for. Or after a series of terroist attacks occuring at public areas. A curfew (a temporary one) can clear the public of these areas and help find them. Or during a civil war? Or any war. A curfew can stop civilians from getting in the line of fire as well as knowing about army movements etc. Or during a blitz? A curfew can be helpful in stopping everyone from getting bombed, especially in the age where we have lights on our phones.
Then its merely a suggestion. If you aren’t handing out fines or arresting people, there is no reason for people to listen. And I thought you said they should have **no** power? My aim was to give a list of events where you’d want your government to already have the ability to set curfew (not take the time to push the law giving them that ability). It is still a curfew if it is restricted in when they are allowed to set it.
It isn’t ADHD to have more curiosity especially in a new place especially without supervision.
You can be critical of art though.
u/rickanddisgusting – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+rickanddisgusting&amp;message=rickanddisgusting+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gwgx7k/-/fswbepo/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/GothamGuy73 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+GothamGuy73&amp;message=GothamGuy73+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gwgx7k/-/fswckwl/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Glowie2012 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Glowie2012&amp;message=Glowie2012+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gwgx7k/-/fswcz8f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/SkabbMenSnabb – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+SkabbMenSnabb&amp;message=SkabbMenSnabb+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gwgx7k/-/fswd2hg/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sure, I also live in a culture where it isn’t weird to kiss on the lips or cheeks or whatever. But americans live in their culture so its weird. It isn’t an objective fact that kissing on the lips is or isn’t weird. It’s silly to go “well, it isn’t **inherently** sexual” because you could make an arguement that no human act short of actual sex is inherently sexual.
A car hitting you at 10mph can still do a whole load of damage. 10mph feels slow but it still isn’t really. In addition, this limits passengers meaninglessly. How is this better than just not allowing hand use for the drivers specfically?
What sort of proof would you need? They're just going to go: no it isn't sexual and, the classic, when I was a kid it happened to me and I'm fine. What if it was just one family that did it? If you were raised in a culture where kissing on the mouth was seen as creepy and perverted, you are going to think that the same way that since you were raised in one where it wasn't that it isn't. There is no objective fact that kissing on the mouth is creepy or not creepy. It is 100% subjective and in this case influenced by the culture.
Sorry, u/Cubby530 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Cubby530&amp;message=Cubby530+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gxnuv0/-/ft4wwq8/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/HillaryKlingon – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+HillaryKlingon&amp;message=HillaryKlingon+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gxnuv0/-/ft4n1un/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/BrainSick420 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+BrainSick420&amp;message=BrainSick420+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gxnuv0/-/ft4pm9f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Whats the mod do? I have a bad thing with faces, I can’t quite figure whats wrong/different but it is different?
Yeah I have a hard time telling faces apart, I appreciate most games make their npcs (at least important ones) very visually different.
Yeah but he also did those other things, so I suppose OAPs still mixed.
Is there any evidence this actually will solve anything? The american military has a fuck tonne of issues with brutality agaisnt civilians and in their own ranks. Other police forces of countries with signficantly lower rates of police brutality do not adopt this, which means there are other **proven** methods of reforming the police.
You always get one guy turning up in an SS officer uniform for a reenactment that didn’t even have the waffen ss. Or they think its balls to the walls funny to do nazi salutes and yell a bunch of nazi stuff. The amount of actual nazis in ww2 reenactments and authentic clubs is too high and sucks the fun out of it. All I wanna do is talk about tanks.
I think for huge flaws though. He is responsible for the deaths of 3 million Indian people. I think pretty huge flaws like that should have an effect. This isn’t like he wasn’t PC enough. His racist policy had effects that cost people lives.
Nah more like secret druids.
It is **still** in american app stores though? So what do you mean by it is banned by the Pentagon? What does that mean? Tiktok is the western version of the chinease app.
So are you ever thinking of boycotting things that get manufactured in china? Because that actually makes china considerably more money than not so valuable data and ad revenue. Tiktok adds are considered some of the lowest value, likely is the data. In addition companies like Chick-fil-a have more immediate impact than China frankly does.
But what you just did would be considered satirical art. You are making a point no? You are even purposly making that point? Thats some artistic expression. Like that guy who did the performance art of eating the banana. It’s satirical of the medium. Just like if I wrote a fantasy book that was making fun of fantasy tropes. Still a fantasy book.
I mean I guess. Effort isn’t measurable. It took effort to have the thought in the first place. Monetary value is completly different back of worms. Its determined merely by how much others value it. There isn’t any objective value.
So the idea is meaningless? It takes no effort or skill to have the idea? Are all well written books equal even the ones on boring or unoriginal topics? Is starry night not brilliant in part for the new style it is presented in but also the subject matter chosen? Both of those do not have necessarily have skill/care/attention, it is the idea. time to create is a terrible way to measure effort, especially in art. In addition capitalism does not pay equal to effort. It never has. Otherwise manual labour would likely pay more than it does right now. Idea and innovation are paramount to art. Especially modern art.
I would hope we measure our society not on how we treat the richest or most kind hearted or most pure but how we treat the poorest, most horrible, and evil. Your rights and how you should be treated don’t and shouldn’t go out the window just because you are not a desirable citizen. We should defend Geogre Floyd’s rights and be disgusted by his treatment even if he was the worst of us (which I don’t believe he was). I don’t think people are saying he is a hero. Just that he is a person. Just as equal as the most rich, the most kind hearted, and the most pure. We don’t and shouldn’t base our societies treatment on some people being more equal than others. Equality means equality for all. In addition, it is paramount that a society trusts its government and that includes its police force. A lack of trust in the police causes jurys not to trust police and causes criminals to not be found guilty even with stark evidence. A lack of a proper police force may as well be no police force at all, for it is not executing justice at all.
Info: have you asked her why? There are plenty of reasons why she may have turned to her mum and bestfriend first: she has had miscarriages in the past and is nervous, she may have wanted to surprise you in a fun way, she may habe anxiety over it and didn’t want to tell you until past at least a month, etc. Talk to her.
Sorry, u/Artorias_Soul – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Artorias_Soul&amp;message=Artorias_Soul+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0eh56/-/ftnddqa/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Flexed_Biceps – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+Flexed_Biceps&amp;message=Flexed_Biceps+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0plgv/-/ftogruu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/yyzjertl – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+yyzjertl&amp;message=yyzjertl+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0plgv/-/ftogvob/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/AkFiN – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+AkFiN&amp;message=AkFiN+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0j67r/-/ftobzmx/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/ASimpleGhosttt – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+ASimpleGhosttt&amp;message=ASimpleGhosttt+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0w5io/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/maestroenglish – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+maestroenglish&amp;message=maestroenglish+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0t9ff/-/ftoi8w6/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Confused-Parent11 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Confused-Parent11&amp;message=Confused-Parent11+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0eh56/-/ftoc3di/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/mrjake118 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+mrjake118&amp;message=mrjake118+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0npo3/-/ftoj8wx/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/mrjake118 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+mrjake118&amp;message=mrjake118+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0npo3/-/ftok0i4/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/rudirudarz – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+rudirudarz&amp;message=rudirudarz+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0j67r/-/ftooxet/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/thegmdfitz – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+thegmdfitz&amp;message=thegmdfitz+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h0wytg/-/ftoogys/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
It’s art. The point of it is that she romanticies it, thats what shes singing about. The confusing feelings, the drama and romance of it. It’s not meant to be preaching and it certianly is clearly bad relationships. Her music is intended to talk through those emotions. To talk about **why** she feels like that rather than pretending she doesn’t. And I think that should be done. I can’t recall the name but there was a quite a good book on poetry about depression. And one of the poems were about how the poet liked being sectioned. How it made him feel real, it made his family worried and they payed attention. You might say that is romanticising the traumatic experience of being sectioned. **It is**. That is the point. If humans aren’t allowed to talk through and about these **bad** and **unhealthy** emotions, the emotions will still occur. Just you feel alone when they do. Lana doesn’t ever say that she is healthy. She isn’t. She acknowledges the relationships and emotions she talks about are unhealthy. I also think its unfair that people are deemend role models because other people look up to them, **especially** in a parasocial relationship. She isn’t responsible for them, it isn’t a true relationship.
Sorry, u/Saffy_88 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Saffy_88&amp;message=Saffy_88+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h121cg/-/ftq4s12/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/My_School_Account679 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+My_School_Account679&amp;message=My_School_Account679+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqcesx/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/ShadowChicken032 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+ShadowChicken032&amp;message=ShadowChicken032+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqj84s/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/BaronVonCockmurder – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+BaronVonCockmurder&amp;message=BaronVonCockmurder+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqefpr/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/DigBickJace – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+DigBickJace&amp;message=DigBickJace+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqwo25/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/professorBonghitz613 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+professorBonghitz613&amp;message=professorBonghitz613+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqznlu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Tigerbait2780 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+Tigerbait2780&amp;message=Tigerbait2780+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr0phz/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ginandtree – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+ginandtree&amp;message=ginandtree+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h121cg/-/ftr10ap/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/flvctvatnecmergitvr_ – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+flvctvatnecmergitvr_&amp;message=flvctvatnecmergitvr_+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqv2zu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/opinionatedfact – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+opinionatedfact&amp;message=opinionatedfact+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr2cmm/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/birdboxinvesting – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+birdboxinvesting&amp;message=birdboxinvesting+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr2qie/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/LestHeBeNamedSilver – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+LestHeBeNamedSilver&amp;message=LestHeBeNamedSilver+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr6248/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Fatsolamb22 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Fatsolamb22&amp;message=Fatsolamb22+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr5kv5/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/imdeloresnoimdelores – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+imdeloresnoimdelores&amp;message=imdeloresnoimdelores+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h78y2z/-/ftr4fvb/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/DocCannery84 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+DocCannery84&amp;message=DocCannery84+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gwxxro/-/ftr3kzv/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/James324285241990 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+James324285241990&amp;message=James324285241990+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftr1zxv/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/SwimBrief – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+SwimBrief&amp;message=SwimBrief+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/ftqy9op/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/TApokerAITA – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+TApokerAITA&amp;message=TApokerAITA+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h13f1n/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/shawn292 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+shawn292&amp;message=shawn292+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h7a7wg/-/ful3fqp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/overlord_actual1 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+overlord_actual1&amp;message=overlord_actual1+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h7lg2d/-/fulnafh/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/AmITheAsshole1247 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+AmITheAsshole1247&amp;message=AmITheAsshole1247+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h7c89w/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
200 years ago, there were countries wanting to ban slavery. Even before that people knew it was bad. Like they knew it wasn’t a good thing, thats why they didn’t force white people into slavery. They just could get away with it and no one cared about black people. But it isn’t like they thought slavery was a chill ass thing to do. It was they cared about profits and this was a really good way to help that. Winston Churchill was racist for his time as well. It wasn’t like there was some epiphany that non-white people are indeed people. They knew that. They just didn’t care because it didn’t effect that. Churchill not only committed what is likely should be considered war crimes and we should be ashamed of that; but also is directly responsible for policies in India that led to a 3 million death famine. Because he didn’t care. And you can say “well people don’t remember him for that.” And yeah no shit victors write the history books. People aren’t educated on what he did. People aren’t educated on the likely war crimes, people aren’t educated on his policy in the commonwealth. In addition, what harm comes to judging them. Genuinly. They are not alive so we are not punishing them in any way capable. Why can’t we go: hey, that guy was a dick, we shouldn’t hold him up in our current society as a good or honourable man. One of the moments in history I am proudest of is when the British utilised their naval force to go out and stop slave boats. An act that cost money and gave little return. But was a clear message of: hey, the older guys were dicks, and we are going to attempt to make it right. I think they did the morally right thing there. Do you think they should have gone: hey, those guys still selling slaves have different moral standards that us, I am sure they just don’t know those people are people. I think you are seeing it in the best light. Racists know those people are people, they always have. They **choose** not to care.
I am British and took history until I was 18 (so two optional extra history courses over four years). I did not learn about his atrocities and blatant white supremacy. I don’t think anyone is saying he wasn’t instrumental in defending the british empire just that he is not a paragon and shouldn’t be respected as a person. Is it okay because he only helped kill 3 million people while hitler killed 6 million? So he’s half a hitler. It isn’t defacing if it merely bringing up the truth. Why should we idolise a half hitler because he’s only half. No one is saying: because of this he didn’t actually do any of the good he did. But, there are plenty of actually good figures to build monuments to and idolise in **current** society. A statue still standing means we should still look up to that person. That we should pay respect to that person. I don’t think we should look up to Winston Churchill.
A statue still standing is a sign of continued respect in that person. It isn’t a binary game. A lack of statue doesn’t mean that you haven’t done good things in your life, it means that you’re not someone who others should strive to be like. You’re not someone who should be considered a paragon, a man above men. It’s about being a role model. Which means they should be able to be respected and held to a high standard.
So it’s celebration of him? Rememberance of him? How is that not idolising him? If you want to commerate the war effort, the statue doesn’t need to include him, and you can commerate that specfically. By commerating him you are focusing on **him**. You are choosing to raise him above others. That means you have to face wherever you want to do that due to the person he was. He committed near genocidal acts. He was a white supremacist. His policies killed millions. Everyone knows the people that helped end WW2 did a good service. But genuinly, why should that good mean that we idolise this man. Just because he is merely half a hitler.
Commerating one particular person is respecting them. No question. Why do you think we don’t build statues of hitler and go : “no no not for that thing but for helping bring germany out of a depression!”. Because he also did that thing. And doing that thing means we shouldn’t respect you. Historians and most people don’t deny that he helped make germant prosper in a very short amount of time. Just that the way he did it and the things he then went on to do means we don’t respect **him** as a person. Winston Churchill should be seen as the same. No one is going he didn’t do the good things he did.
Sorry, there are sources next to each name. It’s merely a collation of sources, you can click the blue link next to each entry and it takes you to the source. I mean you could have also just looked this up, there were even states in america banning slavery in the 1700s.
Okay. One example is the Massachusetts supreme court ruled slavery illegal in 1783 and banned it and freed all the slaves in their borders.
Sorry, u/kukkelii – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+kukkelii&amp;message=kukkelii+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8363t/-/fuop7gm/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/OiOiSaveloyy – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 4: &gt; **Award a delta if you've acknowledged a change in your view. Do not use deltas for any other purpose**. You must include an explanation of the change for us to know it's genuine. Delta abuse includes sarcastic deltas, joke deltas, super-upvote deltas, etc. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_4). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+4+Appeal+OiOiSaveloyy&amp;message=OiOiSaveloyy+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h844sb/-/fuoxqpi/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/SaltFly1 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+SaltFly1&amp;message=SaltFly1+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h11fjp/-/fup1jhs/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/killerign – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+killerign&amp;message=killerign+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8363t/-/fup1zu4/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/TheSmellyTurban – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+TheSmellyTurban&amp;message=TheSmellyTurban+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h844sb/-/fup2kzf/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/fanTACHEtic – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+fanTACHEtic&amp;message=fanTACHEtic+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8363t/-/fup35g2/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Doom_Penguin – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 4: &gt; **Award a delta if you've acknowledged a change in your view. Do not use deltas for any other purpose**. You must include an explanation of the change for us to know it's genuine. Delta abuse includes sarcastic deltas, joke deltas, super-upvote deltas, etc. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_4). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+4+Appeal+Doom_Penguin&amp;message=Doom_Penguin+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h81uq2/-/fuohr4i/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/asteriodfork – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/MethandCrack666 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+MethandCrack666&amp;message=MethandCrack666+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h81k0j/-/fup0z0f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/sageofstuff – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+sageofstuff&amp;message=sageofstuff+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8363t/-/fup2lsw/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/made_in_bklyn_ – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/newtypexvii17 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+newtypexvii17&amp;message=newtypexvii17+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h844sb/-/fupjtic/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ka-tetmomma – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+ka-tetmomma&amp;message=ka-tetmomma+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h88lji/-/fupjyek/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/JamaicanKvng – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+JamaicanKvng&amp;message=JamaicanKvng+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h868nw/-/fup3b4x/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/MethandCrack666 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+MethandCrack666&amp;message=MethandCrack666+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h85oj2/-/fup7vv5/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/lexington_steel – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
I'm not asking for perfection. But I think there are people who are considerably better. It isn't perfection to require no mass killings. There aren't a lack of good people. Or perhaps we should make statues about concepts. A statue is literally an idol, it will always be idolization.
A statue isn’t a piece of art? I mean that is literally what it is. Are portraits not a piece of art either?
u/BlueLemurWasTaken – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+BlueLemurWasTaken&amp;message=BlueLemurWasTaken+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h844sb/-/fus60xo/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/adventures_in_dysl – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+adventures_in_dysl&amp;message=adventures_in_dysl+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusg3lp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/eat_my_bubbles – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+eat_my_bubbles&amp;message=eat_my_bubbles+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8o8j8/-/fus78v3/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/sunnysunflowers11 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+sunnysunflowers11&amp;message=sunnysunflowers11+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusidim/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Lightology_ – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule C: &gt; **Submission titles must adequately describe your view and include "CMV:" at the beginning**. Titles should be statements, not questions. [See the wiki for more information](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_c). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+C+Appeal+Lightology_&amp;message=Lightology_+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8tjkm/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Sorry, u/Lightology_ – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/Foronir – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Foronir&amp;message=Foronir+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusqmnl/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
u/speedythesequel – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+speedythesequel&amp;message=speedythesequel+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusqri2/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/pm-me-your-labradors – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+pm-me-your-labradors&amp;message=pm-me-your-labradors+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8rwov/-/fuspi70/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/JohnSimo-isafaget – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+JohnSimo-isafaget&amp;message=JohnSimo-isafaget+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8rwov/-/fusjtul/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/JohnSimo-isafaget – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+JohnSimo-isafaget&amp;message=JohnSimo-isafaget+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8rwov/-/fusk36s/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Wickedmittal – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/pm-me-your-labradors – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+pm-me-your-labradors&amp;message=pm-me-your-labradors+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8rwov/-/fuspcib/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/jjpppr – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+jjpppr&amp;message=jjpppr+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusoig7/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Lady_Calista – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Lady_Calista&amp;message=Lady_Calista+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fusxocq/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/OceanicLemur – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+OceanicLemur&amp;message=OceanicLemur+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8n4ls/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Economist294 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Economist294&amp;message=Economist294+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h844sb/-/furtwsr/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ivanovskij – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+ivanovskij&amp;message=ivanovskij+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fut2wuv/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/glorious_hector – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+glorious_hector&amp;message=glorious_hector+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8vyf9/-/fut8ro5/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/I_Am_The_DrawerTable – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+I_Am_The_DrawerTable&amp;message=I_Am_The_DrawerTable+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8od3j/-/fussnq0/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Cause it seems like its the honeymoon fund? Most couples clue each other in on big spending.
Sorry, u/blaketank – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+blaketank&amp;message=blaketank+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h8xlgs/-/fuwek15/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/dazib – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+dazib&amp;message=dazib+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9evh9/-/fuw6r0r/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
I’ve seen it used in those scenerios. With british black people and Caribbean black people. If you’re just going to use Black when describing those people, why not use black for all black people.
Why do you think people don’t use terms like “european american”? Because they just consider themselves american. They don’t need the signifier. Thats what african american comes off like. Like “hey they’re american but not american american.” If you need to describe skin colour, describe skin colour. White, black, brown are all perfectly acceptable. If you need to describe citizenship terms like: american, british, frenc are perfectly acceptable.
I can see your propsal and I understand that you want to keep it. Just change it around some. But why keep it? You don’t say. What does it add? Genuinly, what does it add? Keeping tradition for tradition sake is a bit absurd and hurts other traditional standpoints that are not just based in “but its always been done like this.” And actually are valuable.
Sure, but if when a black person visits the US and everyones fine with calling them black. Why not call black people **in** the US black? It can still refer the that cultural group. It also stops the confusing of people misusing it. Like when people have called Stomzy african american. Or caribbean people.
Sorry, u/Angry_08 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 4: &gt; **Award a delta if you've acknowledged a change in your view. Do not use deltas for any other purpose**. You must include an explanation of the change for us to know it's genuine. Delta abuse includes sarcastic deltas, joke deltas, super-upvote deltas, etc. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_4). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+4+Appeal+Angry_08&amp;message=Angry_08+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwy659/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Angry_08 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Angry_08&amp;message=Angry_08+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwxspq/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/_Maxie_ – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+_Maxie_&amp;message=_Maxie_+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuww1t4/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/thebottomshelf49 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+thebottomshelf49&amp;message=thebottomshelf49+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuws5q3/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Ikuze321 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Ikuze321&amp;message=Ikuze321+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwu7na/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/wolframe117 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+wolframe117&amp;message=wolframe117+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwwtpn/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/sayonara_chops – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+sayonara_chops&amp;message=sayonara_chops+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwzsia/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/everythingiswrong_ – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+everythingiswrong_&amp;message=everythingiswrong_+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9hh1l/-/fuwzpp2/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/steroid_pc_principal – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+steroid_pc_principal&amp;message=steroid_pc_principal+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9gkzq/-/fuwpjmu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
It may just be my ignorance that america is that segregated. Still, why not use Black American if you need to make the distinction, it is still more accurate. I'm not saying the group doesn't exist, it does, just African American is one of the least accurate ways and clearly not a way that a fair amount of the people within that group like being called.
I suppose because there isn’t really a “white culture”. As the majority they break off into further cultural groups, at some point you surpass a number to have a cultural identity. A white person in the midwest vs the south vs east coast vs west coast all have different cultural groups and different cultures and would be best defined as a “mid westerner” etc. Black people because there are less and because, in part, of the marginalisation agaisnt them that has kept them from the above cultures, have made their own culture. Black culture. It’s sort of like how europeans don’t feel much of a joint cultural identity. They feel some sure, but not a lot. And thats because they’re so many europeans. A white person would likely identify culturally not as white but as one of the above groups or just as american. “White culture” isn’t really a formed culture.
Personally I don’t really see it. There’s simply too many white people in my view. That when you get to a large majority not experiencing or being part of it, it probably is better to divide it into a smaller more accurate group (ergo, southern culture etc.) It would be like going: english culture is tennis, walks through the new forrest, playing polo, and going to oxbridge. It would be better described as upper class southern english culture than just english culture. Going with white culture to describe 100+ million people is just too large **especially** when the majority of people you are ascribing into that culture don’t immediatly identify with that. It would be like going “northern hemisphere culture.” Like at some point you are just blending in several different subcultures and meshing them into things that are very broad or not actually identifying. If you were to go: white american culture. What would that be? I really feel you couldn’t really define it or give many specfic examples. Golf? Well majority aren’t interested or feel a connection nor does it speak to white experience. Like, it is much better represented cutting it down. And maybe thats also due to the fact white people aren’t maginalised and thus don’t feel a bigger connection with each other that we see black communities have. Another non-race example: people in england usually seperate based on where they’re from. In my experience northerners are considerably more proud of northern culture and have really carved it into their identity. The south is less so like that. And that’s wha because the North has been marginalised more and thus theres a stronger sense of community and sharedness.
It is not about being denied by the government, it is the government ensuring access. Two different things. Does the government ensure every citizen has access to healthcare? The current US system unfortunately is making it incredibly hard for people to receive the healthcare they need as well as punishments for it (eg huge amounts of debt). It needs to be accessible to everyone. Why do you think that the government gives food stamps to those who are in need? Because food is a human right.
Sorry, u/TiredNightz – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+TiredNightz&amp;message=TiredNightz+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha1h3v/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ChallengeAcceptedBro – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+ChallengeAcceptedBro&amp;message=ChallengeAcceptedBro+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/h9vwco/-/fv0omfn/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/semantikron – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+semantikron&amp;message=semantikron+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv34a8i/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Science_1986 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Science_1986&amp;message=Science_1986+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv3d7kr/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/byebyebyecycle – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+byebyebyecycle&amp;message=byebyebyecycle+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv3jaql/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/jhilltheonlyone – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+jhilltheonlyone&amp;message=jhilltheonlyone+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv3rntz/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/verdikkie – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+verdikkie&amp;message=verdikkie+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/haq8j2/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/PalmtopParadox – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+PalmtopParadox&amp;message=PalmtopParadox+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv4i4d2/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/BankRupsy – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+BankRupsy&amp;message=BankRupsy+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hakmfv/-/fv4zj5b/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/GayMedic69 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+GayMedic69&amp;message=GayMedic69+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/habbe0/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/sWtPotater – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+sWtPotater&amp;message=sWtPotater+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv2qb3e/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/TriglycerideRancher – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+TriglycerideRancher&amp;message=TriglycerideRancher+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha7vw7/-/fv33ocx/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
So you think boycotting is a morally bad thing? I mean a huge part of stalinism is the death camps as well as it being done by a **government**. What your merely seeing is an expression of free use from a citizen. Slightly off topic but Rowling literally called herself a TERF. So it seems like she agrees.
Sorry, u/DrunkMarcAntony – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+DrunkMarcAntony&amp;message=DrunkMarcAntony+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hb70gj/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/panekroom – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+panekroom&amp;message=panekroom+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbaql3/-/fv7v2rs/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/TheBacoorSlugger – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+TheBacoorSlugger&amp;message=TheBacoorSlugger+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbadyu/-/fv7wrnw/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/JazzSharksFan54 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+JazzSharksFan54&amp;message=JazzSharksFan54+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hb9ghz/-/fv7zmb0/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/coolcatgoodcat – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+coolcatgoodcat&amp;message=coolcatgoodcat+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbc3d3/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
If you have looked at medical research, I am sure you are aware of the long scientific method it takes for medicine to be released and why we do that. Weed needs to go through it. Weed does not make you see the world in a new light. Scientifically, it just doesn’t. That isn’t how it works. It is also not relevant. It being part of cultures is also not relevant af all. How recent a practice is has 0 bearing on anything. For hundreds and maybe thousands of years, people drilled holes in their heads to cure headaches. Painkillers have been around for a lot less time. Wanna drill a hole in your head just because it was practiced in the past? It having side effects is true. THC has side effects including for some raising anxiety levels, fucking around with brain development, as well as having a relationship with schizophrenia. Personanlly, I do not think you should advocate for someone with a serious mental illness lile schizophrenia to self-medicate merely because his others drugs gave side effects **especially** since the acknowledgement is that weed is not doing anything to treat the schizophrenia. That is potentionally damaging. You are jumping the gun. Lets say weed is some miracle cure. We need to go through the scientific process to ensure that; to find out if it actually works; to find out side effects and the extent. You are jumping the gun. Doctors should not be prescribing treatments that aren’t proven especially when there are proven alternatives.
You advocate for him to continue when it is admittedly not treating him. Weed has a known not good relationship with schizophrenia. What do you think on the rest of my points?
u/Don_Jonz – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Don_Jonz&amp;message=Don_Jonz+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ha274n/-/fv1e356/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/azx6r – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+azx6r&amp;message=azx6r+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbby4x/-/fv8a61j/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Just because he isn’t pure evil doesn’t make him a hero or anti-hero. He is a **victim** of the ring. A hero is someone who is admired for their courage, outstanding achievements, or honour. Golum doesn’t fit any of those. An anti-hero is a hero who lacks the above qualities. They often perform the morally good heroic tasks but not for the right reason. Golum doesn’t fit that either. He is a victim of the ring and never does the morally heroic things. Someone not being completly evil or completly good doesn’t make them a hero or anti-hero. If anythjng the last part of the story we see Frodo in fact become an anti-hero. He is the one that causes the rings destruction but not for the right reasons.
That was a consequence. But he wasn’t knowingly destroying the ring or wanting to, it wasn’t his choice or his decision at all. You can’t attribute the destruction of the ring to him.
I mean personally so many medical organisations are recommending them. In the end, it is creating a barrier out of the same material as a condom that we know does work.
Sorry, u/pureU4EA – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+pureU4EA&amp;message=pureU4EA+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbxms1/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand! Sorry, u/pureU4EA – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/P8II – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+P8II&amp;message=P8II+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbxdqb/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Sorry, u/theJMan-- – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+theJMan--&amp;message=theJMan--+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbnztt/-/fvah5sa/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/maps1234567890 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+maps1234567890&amp;message=maps1234567890+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbt06s/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Sparticle46 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Sparticle46&amp;message=Sparticle46+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbc1ak/-/fv9zlpx/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/HugsNotRugs – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+HugsNotRugs&amp;message=HugsNotRugs+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbby4x/-/fv9zr0h/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/allpumpnolove – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+allpumpnolove&amp;message=allpumpnolove+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbc1ak/-/fva1dq6/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/GrundleBlaster – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+GrundleBlaster&amp;message=GrundleBlaster+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbc1ak/-/fva5hmq/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/lunarrdreams – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+lunarrdreams&amp;message=lunarrdreams+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hbc1ak/-/fva7m91/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
https://youtu.be/hn1VxaMEjRU
Sorry, u/Grandmaspelunking – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/420-69-420-69-420-69 – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+420-69-420-69-420-69&amp;message=420-69-420-69-420-69+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hc8u32/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Sorry, u/Salty_Letterhead – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+Salty_Letterhead&amp;message=Salty_Letterhead+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hc8v05/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Sorry, u/didntexpectthat_butk – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+didntexpectthat_butk&amp;message=didntexpectthat_butk+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hca4al/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Sorry, u/PsychoBoyJack – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+PsychoBoyJack&amp;message=PsychoBoyJack+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hcjh4d/-/fvfgn1n/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Is a PC in the same price range as a console able to play the same games and the same quality? Obviously something a couple hundred more (which is significant) will out perform. It should outperform. You should be comparing equivalent price ranged systems. Consoles are also signficantly easier for people without the education and don’t want to put time in the education. Everything is installed, upgrades don’t matter, etc. A PC doesn’t provide that since it is more general purpose. For the average person a console also makes their TV into a smart TV, it plays youtube netflix spotify etc. A PC doesn’t easily connect in this way.
I was told Marx was just jealous and wanted to be touched by god (like true capitalists are). Though the guy who said it wasn’t a capitalist just... a capitalist lover.
800 is likely going to be near double the price of a console. I know the prices have not come out but they are not going to be near 800. It simply isn’t comparable price wise. Consoles are cheaper and, for the price range, better. I have no idea how to cast to a TV. The point is my tv doesn’t need to be a smart tv to work with a console, a console can make it a smart tv. I can have an older tv and don’t need to worry. And it makes sense why PCs are more complicated and why they cost more. They are more general purpose and are upgradeable. People don’t tend to throw out the whole computer after 5 years and get a new one. It’s nust upgrading a computer is out of the skill range for most people. In addition, PCs just require more knowledge. Someone can spend £400-500 (the likely range for the new ps5) and know the the next 5 years it will play **every** AAA game at good quality. It is unlikely a PC will be able to do that. You also have to figure out from the specs (which for most people are confusing) exactly how strong your PC is.
When you have consensusal sex you agree to the risks associated with sex. Including having a child. The woman may have an abortion as an extent of her bodily autonomy. Unfortunately abortion results in death of the fetus, when the chance of death of the fetus is low despite the removal from the uterus, we require the woman to continue the pregnancy (this is around 26ish weeks). In the future, if medicine created some sort of artificial uterus and when you were pregnant and wanted an abortion you could instead place the fetus there. That is what likely would happen. It isn’t a get out of jail free ha ha no child support card. Its bodily autonomy that, due to the current state of medicine, results in death.
Erring with reasonable doubt. I would say thats a joke about kids running about and messing around while waiting for food. Most social media accounts for companies are attempting to make jokes nowadays.
Alt-right doesn’t mean extremist. It’s a name for the people that are further right than, say, the current republican party. They usually do hold anti-semetic, racist, and sexist views due to being that far right. But they are extremists or terroists automatically.
No I am referring to his belief that Guantanamo is not a prison, but akin to a resort. Like a hotel resort. I think people on both sides know that it isn't wherever you support it or not.
Sorry, u/crazeefun – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule C: &gt; **Submission titles cannot contain spoilers**. [See the wiki for more information](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_c). If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+C+Appeal+crazeefun&amp;message=crazeefun+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hd96y8/-/\)+because...).
Gender is a way of presenting and identifying. Hair colour is meaningless and should be meaningless in society. And some people change hair colour. And some people never. But just because it is meaningless in making any decisions, it doesn’t mean that blonde isn’t a hair colour or isn’t a thing. Socially constructed things and still things and are sort of important to humans, gender is a feeling deep in you.
I just don’t think everyone who is / should be classified as alt-right is extremist in the sense of terroistic. They are one the extreme end of the spectrum.
And at that time in germany there wasn’t a ww2. They also likely were getting taught a good history. They had a war that they didn’t necessarily start. And the treaty to end the war royally fucked them because they were a big military power before the war. The citizens had a good knowledge of this event and that knowledge is what helped fuel the nazi party. Learning history is obviously a good thing but it can also reignite grudges, especially if you were a country that has been unfairly fucked over throughout history. That leads a really good path for someone to come in and ask for revenge or isolation.
Sorry, u/panikone13 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+panikone13&amp;message=panikone13+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hdtfmp/-/fvn4c0j/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/panikone13 – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+panikone13&amp;message=panikone13+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hdtfmp/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Rollingdowntown – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Rollingdowntown&amp;message=Rollingdowntown+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/gqnz17/-/fvqi1q6/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
The trees were a gift from another nation to Queen Victoria. The reason they are still kept is because of this despite the disgusting smell and despite the original giftees not caring. Why should we sacrfice space now to honour disgusting trees with our limited space rather than some really good trees? Because the past was bad so we must continue? The trees are the same as statues we have limited space to put them. Why honour disgusting ones when there are plenty of better smelling ones? Why honour slave traders when there are plenty of better people you could instead? Why honour that part of history?
To say though, a genocide doesn’t really matter on death toll. A genocide needs to be an effort to exterminate based on race, religion, or creed. People die in wars. He is better described as a war mongerer no? Someone who made an empire. Not much different to Alexander the great or Julius Ceaser (though he did actually commit a genocide). Was he out to target a specfic type of person?
To note on the moderator count. It requires 4 moderators to end up agreeing, 2 for the original removal, and often 2 or more for the appeal. It also needs to be an overall 2. So if someone disagrees with either, then you need 3 mods to agree to the removal etc.
Honestly I don’t see how it is relevant much to a user on how many moderators agree to remove or deny an appeal. Some posts end up getting removed unilaterally as they may be especially bad and we often get other mods to weigh in after, those are very rare though.
Sorry, u/Otakuneow – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+Otakuneow&amp;message=Otakuneow+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hg4bsg/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Sorry, u/BassaForte – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+BassaForte&amp;message=BassaForte+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/f0n2kv/-/fw1cpod/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/poopoojerryterry – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+poopoojerryterry&amp;message=poopoojerryterry+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hfwks5/-/fw1jfx1/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Dickslap24 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+Dickslap24&amp;message=Dickslap24+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hfmi5a/-/fw1ly54/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/warrioroftron – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+warrioroftron&amp;message=warrioroftron+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hfmi5a/-/fw0kf1g/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/freeagent108 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+freeagent108&amp;message=freeagent108+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hg5cnd/-/fw1wxre/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/snafusis – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule E: &gt; **Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting**. If you haven't replied within this time, your post will be removed. [See the wiki for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_e). If you would like to appeal, **first respond substantially to some of the arguments people have made**, then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+E+Appeal+snafusis&amp;message=snafusis+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hg08vr/-/\)+because...). Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Doreerees – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/wolfiediamond – your submission has been removed: Today is Fresh Topic Friday, where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed. [You can read more about FTF here](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays/). Please note that this removal does *not* mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit. You may repost this topic after FTF is over. If you would like to appeal, [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=FTF+Appeal+wolfiediamond&amp;message=wolfiediamond+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hghbh8/-/\)+because...). Thanks, and we hope you understand!
Couldn’t that just be her walking by a plastic surgeons office?
Because paparazzi is taking pics of you?
Sorry, u/AlpakaFanPL – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+AlpakaFanPL&amp;message=AlpakaFanPL+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5cjiw/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/josoydapper – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+josoydapper&amp;message=josoydapper+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5cjy1/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Cynical_Doggie – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Cynical_Doggie&amp;message=Cynical_Doggie+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5eryr/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/lawlruschang – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+lawlruschang&amp;message=lawlruschang+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5j012/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/HelpfulSocialist – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+HelpfulSocialist&amp;message=HelpfulSocialist+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5raum/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Desalvo23 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Desalvo23&amp;message=Desalvo23+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5tj47/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/MeanDemeaning – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+MeanDemeaning&amp;message=MeanDemeaning+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw5efl8/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ChingChong420420 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+ChingChong420420&amp;message=ChingChong420420+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgrkib/-/fw5px88/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
ohh is it that girl?
Sorry, u/brrrrrrrrrrrrrfuk – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+brrrrrrrrrrrrrfuk&amp;message=brrrrrrrrrrrrrfuk+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw69wf1/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
u/yungjdad – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+yungjdad&amp;message=yungjdad+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hguge7/-/fw69q4s/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Zedilicious – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Zedilicious&amp;message=Zedilicious+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw697o0/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/c00ki3sTH – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+c00ki3sTH&amp;message=c00ki3sTH+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw67zew/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/DorianMaximus – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+DorianMaximus&amp;message=DorianMaximus+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hftd71/-/fw67eqn/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/FizzieAlex – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+FizzieAlex&amp;message=FizzieAlex+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6cctq/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/OldWeasel93 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+OldWeasel93&amp;message=OldWeasel93+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6a4jp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/jaradman – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+jaradman&amp;message=jaradman+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw65znj/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/InquisitorZeroAlpha – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+InquisitorZeroAlpha&amp;message=InquisitorZeroAlpha+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6380f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards). u/InquisitorZeroAlpha – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+InquisitorZeroAlpha&amp;message=InquisitorZeroAlpha+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6380f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
I’m weirdly concerned that in the youth section they have stuff like “maga babe” on a 12 year old and nearest equivalent in the womens is “maga mama”. Don’t call 12 year olds babes.
Sorry, u/Iam_nameless – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Iam_nameless&amp;message=Iam_nameless+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6l7sm/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Solidgreen82 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Solidgreen82&amp;message=Solidgreen82+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6lweg/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Rawldy – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Rawldy&amp;message=Rawldy+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6lzrw/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/LA-OC-PDX – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+LA-OC-PDX&amp;message=LA-OC-PDX+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6muh9/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/walktwomoons – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+walktwomoons&amp;message=walktwomoons+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6ori7/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/kevinhifive – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+kevinhifive&amp;message=kevinhifive+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6ru3m/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/xmissbxxx – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+xmissbxxx&amp;message=xmissbxxx+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgxe74/-/fw6rgl1/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Past_Sir – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Past_Sir&amp;message=Past_Sir+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6qmhb/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/poorhumanbeing – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+poorhumanbeing&amp;message=poorhumanbeing+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6qh1q/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/emzort – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+emzort&amp;message=emzort+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6juzc/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/GODOFTHEBOARS – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+GODOFTHEBOARS&amp;message=GODOFTHEBOARS+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6k0uu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/SpongebobNutella – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+SpongebobNutella&amp;message=SpongebobNutella+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6k7av/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/scoutsnout – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+scoutsnout&amp;message=scoutsnout+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6l7sd/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/MayanApocalapse – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+MayanApocalapse&amp;message=MayanApocalapse+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6j1mc/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/TheLetzteBlau – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+TheLetzteBlau&amp;message=TheLetzteBlau+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6j1w5/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/buckymalone – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+buckymalone&amp;message=buckymalone+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6kbfr/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/jm_usmc85 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+jm_usmc85&amp;message=jm_usmc85+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6unfo/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/caseyracer – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+caseyracer&amp;message=caseyracer+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6i4db/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/abavacaxaz – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+abavacaxaz&amp;message=abavacaxaz+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6iajl/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/antoltian – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+antoltian&amp;message=antoltian+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgxspu/-/fw6vv94/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/logzee – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+logzee&amp;message=logzee+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgxe74/-/fw6vo2a/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/malcolmx_01 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+malcolmx_01&amp;message=malcolmx_01+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hfy6j9/-/fw6v90o/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Ferteqw2 – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/StixTheNerd – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+StixTheNerd&amp;message=StixTheNerd+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgvj5c/-/fw6ejbg/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/-4wjrbkfi – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+-4wjrbkfi&amp;message=-4wjrbkfi+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw6f000/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/digtussy20 – your submission has been removed. In order to promote public safety and prevent threads which either in the posts or comments contain misinformation, we have decided to [temporarily remove all threads related to the Coronavirus pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/fhll41/meta_temporary_suspension_of_covid19coronavirus/) (COVID-19). Up to date information on Coronavirus can be found on the websites of the [Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/share-facts.html) and the [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses). If you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to message the moderators.
Sorry, u/The_Great_Sarcasmo – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+The_Great_Sarcasmo&amp;message=The_Great_Sarcasmo+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgxe74/-/fw6vbeh/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/papabear570 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+papabear570&amp;message=papabear570+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgzhwa/-/fw708ah/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
I think the reason I’m eh on this currently is that for our 1 mil subs post we did essentially do this. We allowed qs about covid and talked about our decision. I think doing it again would be a repeat. In addition we did also allow and explain these points in our sticky about the ban (which people can still comment on) IMO it will be explaining the same thing again.
Sorry, u/Fincye – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Fincye&amp;message=Fincye+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh8qx4/-/fw90keu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/camel11111 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+camel11111&amp;message=camel11111+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hhauds/-/fw8zp6e/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/The_Great_Sarcasmo – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+The_Great_Sarcasmo&amp;message=The_Great_Sarcasmo+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw8vsgm/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Fanfic_Galore – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: &gt; **Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view, or of arguing in bad faith**. Ask clarifying questions instead (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting poor behaviour, please message us. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+3+Appeal+Fanfic_Galore&amp;message=Fanfic_Galore+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh06sf/-/fw8v6dp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/justtreewizard – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+justtreewizard&amp;message=justtreewizard+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh8qx4/-/fw8rrwu/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/cochiseandcumbria – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+cochiseandcumbria&amp;message=cochiseandcumbria+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh5wj6/-/fw83kup/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/nuffsaidbro – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+nuffsaidbro&amp;message=nuffsaidbro+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgodg1/-/fw82v0k/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Bip-Poy – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Bip-Poy&amp;message=Bip-Poy+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgytra/-/fw82byf/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/The-Jafa – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+The-Jafa&amp;message=The-Jafa+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh023y/-/fw7qnpc/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Sorry, u/Postymakocrystis – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Postymakocrystis&amp;message=Postymakocrystis+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hgzibv/-/fw7mtmn/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/ – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+&amp;message=+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh3ef0/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/MVPROMO – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+MVPROMO&amp;message=MVPROMO+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh8qx4/-/fw965mm/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/Future_Fisherman – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Future_Fisherman&amp;message=Future_Fisherman+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hhcu0o/-/fw99v1w/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/SvansyVonSwansea – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+SvansyVonSwansea&amp;message=SvansyVonSwansea+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hhbzdn/-/fw99nte/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/truth-reconciliation – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: &gt; **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**. Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+5+Appeal+truth-reconciliation&amp;message=truth-reconciliation+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hh8qx4/-/fw9f8gp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Did they? Or did people brush stuff off because they found other stuff funny? Theres a clip of his cohost on his podcast telling him to stop and it makes her uncomfortable. If finding an offensive joke funny, make it not offensive? If you are saying the joke for shock value you know exactly what your doing. In addition, his blackface characters weren’t done for shock value. Or it would be a small scene right? A literal shock.
You think a 20 year old doesn’t know making pedophilla jokes is offensive? You can’t have it both ways. He either made the “jokes” purposly as shock and offensive humour **or** he didn’t know that they were bad “jokes”
Well, they weren’t meant to IIRC. Someone else failed and Tess had to convince Joel to do so. Very convient story telling. My point is convient things have to happen. Characters have to cross pass accidentally often at the start of the story or the story doesn’t happen.
I don't think money should matter much in nearly any relationship, especially when it comes to adult independent children. If the parents have created a system with their money (which it still is wherever they have earned it or not) that they feel is fair, then it is fair. No one is owed it, therefore any distribution is fair as the only person that really is owed the money is them.
Sorry, u/IQisMyWaifu – your submission has been removed for breaking Rule B: &gt; You must personally hold the view and **demonstrate that you are open to it changing**. A post cannot be on behalf of others, playing devil's advocate, as any entity other than yourself, or 'soapboxing'. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_b). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first read the list of soapboxing indicators and common mistakes in appeal**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_indicators_of_rule_b_violations), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+B+Appeal+IQisMyWaifu&amp;message=IQisMyWaifu+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hhsdjs/-/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
u/Only1LifeLeft – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: &gt; **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified. Report other violations; do not retaliate. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2). If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Only1LifeLeft&amp;message=Only1LifeLeft+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hiare8/-/fwgneyp/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Sorry, u/FckRetail – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1: &gt; **Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question**. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments. [See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1). If you would like to appeal, [**you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list**](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Rule+1+Appeal+FckRetail&amp;message=FckRetail+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/hiare8/-/fwgnjkk/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted. Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Yeah, their whole strategy is quite cult like. They specfically want people (mostly guys from their marketting) who feel worthless and tell them joining the army will make them feel good about themselves. The current marketting for the british navy is a whole ad about a guy who didn’t do well in school, slacked, is in a dead end job they don’t enjoy, and not doing well and how the navy turned that all around and “made” them.
