Curry had some good seasons but they don't sniff some of Wilt's best years.
Absolutely. You don't want to come across amateurish. You'll never command premium pricing or special treatment that way.
CEO unless he's just a sales guy.
By being good at what you do. There's no way to fake it. If you're in a service profession you need to be striving for excellence or you'll probably not have much of a career. To expand on this, consider learning the trade working for someone else before starting your own agency.
Houston has a 4/4/3 schedule too. I really hope he's healthy for all those games. I have him and Harden leading my squad.
My experience was identical. It felt like watching a play.
Nope. He's actually led the league in minutes played a few times in his career. He's a workhorse.
He's still coming off the bench though, right?
So... they didn't secure the appropriate visas for their trip. This is a non-story and they're probably gonna get sued.
Bro if you aren't staying close enough to your candidates for this not to happen you're probably running a shitty agency. No offense.
As a Booker owner, yes.
Harden. It's always Harden. He had back-to-back 40 point triple doubles during fantasy playoffs 2 years ago. That's how he rolls. Also he often leads the league in minutes played.
Sorry, I am unclear. Are you keeping your day job and selling their service through your agency?
"Only two good seasons"?????
The Office isn't a worldwide license. Friends is.
Sounds like you underpriced your product. That's a huge reason companies fail. I did it with my first business and though I managed to get a decent exit it was a huge drain and I had to burn the candle on the both ends to keep the cashflow OK. My effective hourly rate was probably not much more than minimum wage.
It depends a lot on the sector and levels. Executive search is a very different animal and executives rely on headhunters for confidential opportunities, negotiations, benchmarking and other things they could never do on their own.
lol that was a fluke though, looks like he never threw it under normal circumstances
Dude, he did zero due diligence before going balls deep into a pyramid scheme. He wasn't creating value. He was trying to suck money out of thin air and it backfired. We shouldn't have empathy for greedy idiots.
Huh? Nuggets don't appreciate Jokic? Rockets don't appreciate Capela? Jazz don't appreciate Gobert? Knicks don't appreciate KP? Grizzles don't appreciate Marc Gasol? Bucks don't appreciate Giannis Antetokounmpo? How was this comment upvoted lol
I mean Harden went for 35 and 8 assists on good percentages. I don't think you can say he out dueled him.
Giannis.
It's the muddling step.
For ceiling potential? Giannis is just as talented at 24 as Dirk was.
Our starting lineup would be a kick-ass bench. We don't really have any NBA caliber starters other than KP.
Why not? With Giannis's body he has potential to be one of the greatest of all time.
I had a hunch that Giannis had an elite TS% but was surprised to see it higher than the big German, considering his lack of three point shooting. Giannis is currently 54th all time and trending upward. [Source](https://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/ts_pct_career.html)
Would you have preferred "Fun Fact"? :)
That's usually a sign of a prolific scorer. Guys like MJ, Kareem, Melo, Lebron and Kobe had very similar streaks at various points in their career.
I did like the George Hill trade btw. That was a very un-Bucks like move for your front office. Hoping you guys can keep the core together. As a Knicks fan, we need to keep more talent in the eastern conference to make our regular seasons more interesting.
Of course not. But the question is: do you think Giannis can average 20 over the next ten seasons or so?
Lol and you didn't even include players from previous generations.
SHUT UP! YOU'RE NOT MY REAL DAD
[Webster's Dictionary says:](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trivia) Definition of trivia : unimportant facts or details : facts about people, events, etc., that are not well-known
Huh? He's averaging 27 points per game now. He could do 27 for a few more years and finish at 14 points per game and still finish above 20 points per game over that span... You don't think it's possible for Giannis to average 14 points per game at age 35? Barkley averaged 16 at that age.
This is just a discussion topic... Nothing wrong with speculation.
It's just meant to be a meaningless and fun discussion, dude. You take playing multi-player notepad very seriously.
The leads are weak? YOU'RE WEAK.
One.
I think he has, in the paint.
The Blaze doesn't pretend to be a platform. They are very clearly operating as a media company.
2010 and earlier.
It's always Boban. Teams desperate for late week points, FG% and rebounds just can't resist.
They're called Regulatory Affairs.
Reddit's highest user per capita country is Canada by a wide margin. It skews heavy.
Spoiler: it won't
Yeah that's 100% bullshit speculation with no basis in reality.
I don't think you can rule out that the women was just going for a good ol' fashioned cash grab and didn't actually regret a thing.
Their business model is in the spread on the rates they charge. They don't give the best prices.
Hey. I'm a half Italian greasy white person. Get it straight.
I think Nene could take him.
Big Knicks fan here. He's legit. He's solidified himself as the starting PG.
I don't think you know what a screen is.
Gallo is elite at drawing fouls though. That's his #1 skill.
Burke will match his numbers from last year. Frank has DNPs and his minutes are erratic. I don't think he is rosterable.
This is gonna sound cold, but I think reminding these young rookies that this is a business that owes you nothing in return is gonna be good for them long-term. I felt like the odds of complacency hitting the locker room by the end of the season were pretty high.
I don't think you'll get a lot of investors who will get excited about you building out this business if you aren't willing to invest $25k of your own cash into it. That's just my two cents. Likewise if you are older than 30 I would be concerned about backing an entrepreneur who can't come up with $25k of their own money to start their dream. But if you think you can get it, sure. But don't do perpetuity, please. Pay back 3X in 3 years and wash your hands with it. I don't even think equity needs to be on the table unless they are taking a true advisorship role (in which case 5% is too high. 1-2% is the norm.)
This is gonna be some 'tough love,' so forgive me for being harsh. &gt; I've been studying investment, business, sales, and personal development heavily for about 6 years This is a big red flag for me. 6 years of preparation + 1 failure already (you had no business hiring 8 people with only $120k in sales) + an unwillingness to invest $25k of your own cash... I think you need to do some real soul searching about how badly you truly want to be an entrepreneur. Your words and actions are conflicting right now.
My last piece of advice. Since you're talking such puny amounts of cash, why not get funded by your customers? That's what I did with my services business and it's been a great success. You shouldn't have a problem getting $10-20k a month in commitments from a company or two if you are confident about this business. And if you can't get that tiny amount of revenue, you are probably gonna fail anyway. You don't sound like you need outside investment, is what I am saying.
BTW might wanna read this thread (and my comments in it): https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/a205dm/agency_owners_how_did_you_find_your_first_client/ It might be helpful for you.
I saw him a few times. One time he had THREE opening acts that took over 3 hours before his show began. That shit drove the crowd insane. It's like, "Bro, you are basically a college act that overachieved. You don't get to make the crowd wait 3 hours." He's so talented but he's a douche. He also refused to play a show at University of Hartford once unless they removed the on-stage sign language interpreter because he said it was distracting.
Good job showing off the Mexican fans guys. 35-33 at the half lol
Zojirushi &gt; *
It's actually the [official rule](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybball/comments/9pfb01/psa_new_rules_3day_ban_for_people_who_start_a/).
&lt;3
That's [Kei Igarashi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kei_Igarashi) btw.
Johnnies putting in work.
Tangentially related but check out TinySponsor
Damn you're making me want to get a PS4.
In a 6 team I don't know if either are worth more than a stream unless you want assists from the center spot.
The word is "dent" btw.
I ain't heard that name in a long time.
&gt; Julian Newman Wow just watched some of his highlights. He's a midget. He has no chance at the higher levels if he doesn't have a growth spurt.
Brook Lopez maybe.
48% owned on ESPN. I've seen him available in 8-teamers.
That's a horrible idea. Do you know how many unpopular yet critical government functions there are?
The comment above is literally about tax dollars.
Close. Ebisu.
Not if it's a sales org.
Recruiting.
The answer is: when they don't fit your build and you don't have time to trade or you will lose your matchup. I dropped Lauri earlier this week. I realized all he's good for is threes, points and rebounds and I'm already #1 by a mile in threes and I'm punting rebounds. I dropped him like a hot potato and don't regret it. The #1 team in my league snatched him but by doing so he actually weakened himself in assists and steals which is where I plan to attack him during the playoffs anyway.
Westbrook treatment is legit though. He's a ball-dominant chucker who consistently makes poor decisions that leads to his team underperforming in the playoffs. Also he pads his stats.
Dead serious. Even yesterday, Westbrook was bricking threes and overlooking a red-hot PG in the late 4th quarter which caused them to nearly blow the game. (Jazz made a huge comeback in the 4th). He's a low BBIQ player who makes up for it with hustle and athleticism but he's not the type of person who will lead you to a championship as a #1 option.
I got 5 injured players right now and somehow winning my matchup. No IR either. Just keep hanging on, we'll get there.
No. That would be Yokohama.
IT industry.
Sure, I think he's an amazing player. I do think his MVP was unwarranted (Harden had a better case that year). I just don't think criticizing him is out of line. He hurts his team more than other superstars do. I can't put him in the same category as KD, Curry, Davis, Paul George, Lebron, or even Harden. (Though Harden has a tendency to check out when he's exhausted which is his own flaw he needs to overcome.)
All kids born to Japanese nationals have Japanese citizenship by birthright. So technically yes? Or at least "at the same time" if they were born in the USA, for example.
That's a welcomed improvement. Harden had to do the same (step it up on D) after he became the #1 guy in Houston. Playing alongside defensive greats definitely eases the transition. Harden looked better once they signed PJ Tucker just like Westbrook looks better after signing Paul George.
They are supposed to choose one and officially renounce the other, but this is almost never enforced, so most people choose to continue having both.
Thanks for sharing. This is nice. Honestly, it sounds like YC advice is geared to very young/inexperienced founders (not that there's anything wrong with that) but those are all fundamentally sound bits of advice, even if they're like "business 101."
Fighting for mid-season wins to move up to get "homecourt advantage" in my league. (8cat, better seed wins in a tie in the playoffs). I'm running hot and can beat the top two in my league this week and next if I open a streaming spot. If I took a week to shop Lauri around I likely lose both weeks. The margins are thin. I am only dominant in four cats. Without a #1 or #2 seed I will lose in the playoffs. Trust me, I'm 3X champion in my cash league. I know what I speak of. Happy to revisit this in a few months if you wanna use that Remind Me app. EDIT: I won this week 5-2-1 and I checked and my streamers won me both assists and steals. With Lauri I would have lost. So I stand by my statement. There are situations where dropping a stud makes sense. Now I am just 1.5 games out of first place and playing the #1 team next week where I hope I can stream myself to victory (and be just 0.5-1 games out of first).
You'll never get funding without a working MVP or a technical person on board.
Lauri is only good for three cats in 8cat. He's overrated for a lot of builds.
I been saying this kid will win an MVP at some point. He's amazing. The legend continues.
Morris is gonna lose a ton of value when Harris and Barton return.
If you got someone potentially better to pick up now, go for it. They're both coming back in a week or so.
I live in Tokyo. It is a bit better but KFC in the states ain't bad either.
Hell no. I have some self respect ;)
3 month cliff and 1year vest is actually extremely generous.
Rockets 12/1 all day. They came within a few threes of probably winning it all last year and their front office is making moves to improve.
Rising steadily. It's not Silicon Valley but pay over $100k for experienced software engineers isn't uncommon. For web devs with 1-2 years experience, around $50-60K starting salary is normal.
That's definitely the easiest way to do it. Or sign up for any number of English teaching schools and come in that way (and get out before it sucks away your soul).
Over 10% of people in their 20s in Tokyo are foreigners now. Times they are a'changin.
Don't even need a degree anymore nor be from an English speaking nation.
That's incredibly niche. Probably best starting your own site/channel.
Not sure, I don't do much work in the hardware space.
Most companies are 8 hour workdays with flex-time. So 9-6, 10-7 or 11-8 workday.
Huh? Rents haven't gone up in Japan in over 30 years. You smoking the good stuff?
Check your PMs.
Or white people as "mayonnaise connoisseurs."
The fact he got swole as hell in the off-season is helping a lot. He looks amazing.
The opposite is nearly non existent though. You'd have to convert to a Japanese citizenship while keeping your other citizenship as an adult. Why would you do that? Just get permanent residency.
Depends. Lower salary than Silicon Valley or NYC? Sure. But keep in mind a 1 bedroom apartment in Tokyo is under $1000 in rent on average. It's 3X that in those cities. Not to mention Tokyo has 5X as many restaurants as NYC, no tipping, and therefore has an endless supply of $5 lunches that are as delicious and nutritious. Likewise "all you can drink" dinner menus for under $30 all-in are extremely common. Many places sell beers for under $2. You can drink in public and a tallboy 9% chu-hi costs $1.30ish. I go to professional baseball games for under $10 a ticket and I can bring my own food and drink into the stadium with me. National healthcare means nobody goes broke for medical reasons (I had surgery recently for $80 all-in.) Companies pay for your transportation cost here. And a train from Tokyo to Yokohama is 5 dollars. Salaries for network engineers range from about $50-130K from what I've seen. A bit more if you can get a gig at a place like Cisco, of course. People love repeating these baseless memes about Japan being expensive and full of miserable workers on the verge of suicide. I've worked in Japan for many years and have never had that experience.
$30-60K but only a few companies are hiring non-Japanese speaking IT people as entry level.
If you want to be an English teacher or recruiter, you basically just need a pulse and a degree. If you want to be a programmer, if you're somewhat decent there are lots of shitty little startups hiring inexperienced programmers due to lack of supply of candidates. If you want to be a non-programmer IT professional, it's definitely considerably harder.
I don't understand how people weren't all over a 6'9" 20 year old Latvian.
The Swaggy P portrait too.
"3 times per day"? Those are rookie numbers.
We use Teams. I want it to develop faster (I know MS rushed it out) but its integration with Office 365 is so slick I don't see any reason to use anything else.
Yeah, I totally get what you mean. It kills me to see a bunch of startup types (especially in the B2B world) convinced that Google Docs+Slack is the best thing since sliced bread.
Community. The NicoNico community is vibrant and goes back a very long time.
IMO if you're passionate about it just clone chewy.com and get big enough for them to buy you out.
Bro. You want to make $10k a month servicing 40,000 customers? GOOD LUCK WITH THAT. You need to listen to some advice here.
I joined a startup who said they were going through an acquisition before. I used it to negotiate 1) quicker vesting period and 2) full acceleration upon liquidity event. You should do the same immediately. But it's probably too late.
You missed my point. Every extra customer means more headaches for you. If you aren't scaling your profit with that, it's not worth it. You are looking to profit 25 cents a customer a month. That sounds like hell on earth. IMO figure out a different slant to get you to 400 customers paying you $25 a month in profit. Same outcome with way less overhead, liability, employees, and hassle. /mytwocents
How badly do they need what you provide? If you have no leverage you're screwed.
And they need to keep you post acquisition? If so then reframe it and organize an earn out in cash or stock in the acquiring company if they are liquid.
Only reason I would give to LI would be if you love fishing. Otherwise CT all day every day.
Most notable absence is Rudy Gobert. He impacts the game as much as anyone 11-20.
He's been known to ham it up after a mild injury on the court to get some wind and possibly draw a flagrant in key spots. EDIT: Reworded since y'all guys can't read
Huh? He's done it at least 10 times before. Like even on the [Bobcats play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXMtgvc8PNI) he clearly had a stinger on his thigh (that's where the impact is) but at one point is grabbing his knee to make it look worse than it is. It's a savvy veteran move. I ain't hating on him for it.
I just go, "No problem. I'll get back to you Monday morning." Seems reasonable, no?
You need to give them access to everything they need in order to understand the operational flow of everything in the company. Ultimately, after the CEO, the COO should be responsible for coming up with and executing a mitigation plan for any and all disruption of operations (someone suddenly quitting, someone not doing their work on time, etc.).
You and everyone else who is downvoting me lol. No worries :)
Great time for those pension funds to buy the stock. That'll pay well long-term.
Yup. That's probably the most famous example. Ironically the cramp game in San Antonio was one of the times when he was legit unable to play and it's the one he got the most crap about lol
Dude, 29 teams hate the Warriors. Of course.
Cooked beans (chilled in the fridge) + salt + oil/vinegar or hot sauce or pretty much any sauce you want.
It can be both, you know. Deep in the playoffs when he's logging 45 minutes a night he will do whatever it takes to get some extra time between possessions. He's a smart dude. I've even seen him stop to tie his shoes multiple times or ask for the flood moppers to clean up a sweat spot. He did it often in the 2015 finals, for example.
MS Teams is Microsoft's slack competitor. Office 365 runs circles around GSuite IMO. They aren't in the same class. Honestly, our company uses both but we really only use Gmail and Google Sheets on occasion. Everything else is MS stack.
USA, Brazil, Taiwan are probably the three biggest.
one bite everyone knows the rules
Jerry West has a higher career scoring average and FG% than Harden and averaged more assists. I don't think it's as obvious a gap as you're making it out. Dirk's FG% and FT% is higher than Harden's with a similar career scoring average (which was higher than Harden's when he was his age btw). Oscar Robertson averaged more points and assists than Harden has for his career on a much higher FG% and more free throws per game. You're really disrespecting the all-time greats imo.
Yup, agreed. I just picked a random sample of potentially better offensive players.
&gt; Jerry West averaged a lot more minutes than Harden We should penalize someone for being able to be on the floor more? I don't understand that logic.
How did I ignore it? I pointed out his assist total in the Robertson comparison. And TS% without a three point line isn't really a fair comparison. Also West averaged more assists than Harden has btw. So saying he wasn't a great playmaker is a little facetious.
That's not a fair comparison. You're penalizing Jerry West for all the shots he took outside the arc while omitting those for Harden. West was known as a prolific outside shooter and likely took thousands of them.
Yeah, you're totally right about Nash. He was amazing. Jason Kidd deserves some love too. His teams always performed better with him on the roster.
&gt; Babe Ruth couldn’t play in the mlb today Bro. Just stop with that.
Shaq had the same type of "gravity" that Steph Curry has and Ray Allen had. That can't be discounted. Prime Shaq bent defenses as much as anyone in the history of the game short of Wilt. Also that list wasn't my top-10. I just picked 12 random people I thought have an argument to having better offensive careers than Harden.
Pistol Pete. Jerry West. Floor spacing was still a thing even before the three point line.
Exactly. It's debatable which is why I said "with a potential argument."
Hack-a-shaq didn't really work that well. Teams were always nervous to load too many fouls on their players because players fouled out against Shaq in great numbers. Also intentionally hacking eliminates transition opportunities and gives up offensive rebounds sometimes as well. Even the game Shaq broke the playoff record for FTA (39!) the Lakers won. Here's some math if you're curious: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fancy-stats/wp/2015/05/11/using-the-hack-a-shaq-strategy-in-nba-playoffs-just-doesnt-work/?utm_term=.28c0d74b43c6
Let's be real, people are downvoting because the average redditor wasn't old enough to see most of those players play. I wasn't stating those 12 were definitively better. I was asking for a discussion about just who and why people thought Harden was a top-10 all-time offensive talent. I think you could make a very easy case that KD and Curry are 1) both better offensively than Harden to this point and 2) not yet all-time top 10. It doesn't change anything about my original comment.
Steph did 30ppg on 67% TS before. MJ did 35ppg on 61% before.
I dunno, man. If it was that easy to stop him he wouldn't be 8th all-time in scoring.
lol @ "only averaged 20+ for 13 seasons"
No worries. Nobody will ever average 20 points for 21 individual seasons lol That would be amazing tho!!
Me too. We're old lol
You realize it's his ability to draw fouls that allows him to have the blow-bys and stepback jumpers, right?
&gt; Curry played in a lot of games with a lot of minutes. Something that Harden could not do. Harden led the league in total minutes played three years in a row, so.....
More efficient than Michael Jordan? Kareem? I dunno man. I know his TS% gets a boost due to the three pointers, but still...
I'm pretty sure California passed a law outlawing the 90 day window bullshit.
looks like an apocalyptic wasteland
Most of north jersey off the turnpike looks like that too :)
Microsoft To-Do. So nice to have a simple to-do list synced across devices. It's included as a free app in Office 365.
Ain't nobody stopping them from doing anything.
How exactly is Jokic changing the game entirely? He's an elite passing big man. There have been others before him.
It means I would hope most people would strive to do more than that with their lives.
There's a decent amount of decent Mexican fare in Tokyo now.
Curious if you've been to Chiles in Harajuku. The chef is Mexican. I thought it was a pretty solid burrito when I went there.
Chiles in Harajuku is probably the best I know. Price wasn't insane (like for example Guzman y Gomez which tastes fine but overpriced) and quality was excellent.
Why before January 20th?
Yes it does. Watching it in Edge right now.
"にとって" means like "According to" "ために" means "in order to" The other poster is correct. お姉ちゃんにコーヒーを買ってあげた is perfectly valid.
Milford.
I think Tim Duncan still had an argument in 2010.
Lol well comparing it to San Diego isn't fair.
Eh, there's plenty of good regional BBQ. St Louis isn't the be all end all!
looks like a bud light ad
I had a needle in my big toe during an attack. By far the most painful thing I've ever experienced. Full on 10/10. I swear I have PTSD from it. Be careful.
Just pick up a cheap prepaid to get by.
&gt; The cocaine keeps your erection up That's not how it works, buddy.
I think that's the energy of the whole event that is keeping the boner alive, not the coke. If people acted as carefree and sexual sober they would be hard as a rock.
Swimming is one of the few sports that Japan is elite at.
Vice is full of shit, as per usual. It's a small area that was contaminated. The fast majority of Fukushima is fine and people across Japan regularly consume produce, seafood and alcohol from Fukushima.
Curious where you saw the 4x number. I live in Japan and patiently waiting the results of the first lottery.
I thought it's pretty established that dolphins and whales have language.
If you're using a pressure cooker, for the love of god, try using fresh veggies. Way healthier for you and the taste difference doesn't compare.
That's pretty bad ass.
Has the number of sessions changed? I feel like they added more sports and venues in Tokyo.
I'm not saying it's not extremely likely. I'm saying it's arrogant when we haven't even been able to understand it yet. It's like saying it's arrogant to assume we're the only life in the universe.
I dunno, dude. They're clearly intelligent in their world and have larger brains than us. I still think it's actually not impossible that maybe their language is more sophisticated than you're giving them credit for.
It's not. But science does not definitively state things that are unproven. And we're discussing science here.
I know you joke but if Robinson turns into Javale, that's a massive win. He's been a starting center on a championship squad.
So lemme get this right... Embiid, the player who was injured for 2 years before stepping on the court... You didn't think injuries might derail him?
Then may I recommend frozen veggies as an alternative? Way better for you.
Did you rule out the Joe Smith fine for Minny?
Do this in a pressure cooker - 10 minutes on high pressure.
Umm .19 is less than 10 drinks. Most adult male drinkers don't "blackout throw up everywhere start fight level of drunkenness" off ten drinks, they're just drunk.
I dunno, lots of middle-aged adult male drinkers call that a Wednesday night after work. You shouldn't be driving but you won't be blacking out and starting fights in the streets either.
Go go swallows. Being in last place again feels right. Like balance has been restored to the universe.
You're forgetting his minutes restriction for the whole season.
awful call
Tony Parker still the best in the game.
I'm sorry, if you're getting 5% of all my money to manage my life you're gonna babysit me if I want you to.
He still could tho.
Oh I think you're right. Just saying it's too early to say definitively.
I don't know if it's that controversial to say that intersex people should just compete in male categories. Seems the fairest way, no?
That's such a subsection of a subsection, though. I don't think it's necessary to accommodate such a tiny group of individuals on the world's largest athletic stage.
Not if KD comes back.
That's why I said to let them compete in the male bracket. No need to ban anyone.
She has Y chromosomes, testes and male levels of testosterone. She's male and female. If we let people compete based on which gender they feel they identify as, you're about to see a whole bunch of cross dressing men suddenly take over women's sports.
Man seeing them doing that in those flat sneakers just makes my ankles hurt. I dunno how they dealt with that.
They run specials sometimes for around $25 a year for subscription. It's worth it if you're seriously into sports IMO.
Nah the reason Love was up so hard in his grill was because Steph telegraphed to the whole arena that he was going 3 or bust. If he recognized that and went for a 2 he would have blown past him easy.
Damn, why you gotta remind me. Fuck KD. He took away what would have been 3 amazing years of basketball (not for you, Dubs bro, you got yours).
Every NBA caliber player has faced box and one a hundred times when they were kids. It's like the most common junk defense to counter a team with an overpowered player, which every NBA player was at one point or another coming up.
Umm, "majority shareholders" are often called owner. What are you talking about?
No, I mean this: &gt; I had such horrible deja vu watching the aftermath of that foul, that I was going to see another left-handed free throw Ewing did that when he tore his ligaments in his wrist: https://www.nytimes.com/1997/12/22/sports/pro-basketball-wrist-surgery-sidelines-ewing-for-the-season.html
ISO works. Shaq's Lakers threepeated with ISOs. MJ won 6 rings with ISOs. Kareem won 6 rings as possibly the greatest ISO player of all time. I think you're being a bit myopic about this by only looking at the Cavs.
The most clutch shot in NBA history was [Jerry West](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga_Hmf_kIa8).
Facebook was not close to slowing down in 2012 (in fact it's still growing in 2019).
Well you could argue their marketplace functionality gives them an unfair information advantage, which results in anti-competitive practices.
I dunno, seems just like a fad to me.
That guy is stupid creative. Wonder what happened to him.
Man he sounds as good live as he does in the studio. What a talent.
Mercari or Yahoo Auction or possibly Facebook groups will be your best bet.
標準語
It's not exactly it but go look at Klook. They're crushing it doing a better monetized version of what you're describing.
If you want a real treat, look up some of the fugu restaurants in Kagurazaka. It's not far from where you'll be and it's such a unique area (and known for fugu too).
Sports Haven is always fun if you like to bet while you watch/drink. They have a bar there.
The idea of a trustless database that nobody owns is kinda cool, though it's just incremental tech improvement from P2P hashed stuff like BitTorrent and distributed ledgers that already existed. The tech is mildly interesting but the use cases are proving to be very rare.
Just looked up his rookie season in Korea. Holy shit. All-star, MVP, Rookie of the Year, Wins Leader, Golden Glove, Strikeout Champ, ERA Champ. Oh yeah, and he was 19 years old. Not a bad way to start your pro career.
He's in a contract year.
Bro this is what we do. Irrational hype and expectations followed by crushing despair and disappointment. It's the June part of the cycle.
Even as a defense practice squad player on the Westchester squad would be more than worth using a pick on him.
I'm on the hook for $10K if I win all my lotteries. BRB selling a kidney.
He's not really big enough to be an all time elite iso player like Harden or MJ.
I dont think we'll ever see a truly libertarian president again. Too much power and money to be secured by keeping big government. I'm even skeptical of the socialists. Frankly anyone who openly talks about raising taxes scares me and I feel like we're in the Twilight Zone that so many millions of people embrace it openly.
You're badgering the witness.
Yeah, the power of the youth and 2nd-generation immigrant voting blocks is creating a situation where the more demonization of the rich and free stuff you can promise, the better your chances. It's one of the only reasons I find Andrew Yang refreshing, actually. He's the only one who is providing a "free stuff" pitch in a way that doesn't scream "We're raising income and corporate taxes!!" A VAT is about the only logical way to stomach it. Frankly my ultimate preference would be someone to get serious about shrinking big government and easing corporate and income taxes, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.
It's not about enjoyment. It's a state of being.
:)
The actual rule on that is a technical foul against the home team.
Bro we're just trying to hate on a rich white dude, chill. Why you gotta bring logic into this.
Does Sexton legitimately have that much upside to do that? I thought the verdict was still out on him.
Isn't PG your best defender?
Did you see the twitter buzz about him checking out a brownstone in Manhattan? He's moving to NYC bro. Sorry for your loss.
Whatever happened to the independent patreon type platform Dave Rubin said he was building?
Tons of words like that. Why would you think it's not allowed? It's so allowed in Japanese it's even in the word 日本人論 :)
I think he should have just said, "It's not up to me so it doesn't really matter."
Well, you could make an argument that an opponent's FT% factors into decisions regarding how to guard him, but that's pretty advanced tactics.
To be fair, having to guard Lebron in the NBA Finals is a serious ask. But really, that award belonged to Bron or Curry.
How big of a discount?
Yeah, high paid contract attorneys negotiating with other high paid contract attorneys is always beautiful to observe. Only been in a few of those meetings in my life but I always walk away in awe.
That 8% is like 25,000 people a year. I don't know if that's acceptable.
In Japan the leading social app (LINE) is pushing a payments service in a huge way and they just have you take a picture of ID and give your bank info and they verify your account in a couple hours. I don't see why Facebook couldn't do the same.
Cool Japan has kinda worked though. Tourism up 100s of percent since it started.
Anime is a minor part of it.
Japan's economy is doing great. Greater annualized GDP growth than the USA &amp; Europe since 1980. Anyone who tells you Japan's economy is hurting is lying to you.
It will most likely be the hottest olympics in history.
2011 Mavs did the same thing to the Heat. Changed the entire trajectory of Lebron and Wade's career after that.
Melo was on 4 Olympic squads and was their leading scorer. He won a national championship as a freshman. Don't dismiss that.
Good thing I said 1980 and not 1997, phew
I'm saying ignoring 1980-1997 is disingenuous
Size.
Eh? I live and work in Japan. The economy is doing great. Everyone I know is having record sales. I dunno what to tell you. I came here in the middle of the "lost decade" and this is the first time I've ever seen the economy booming like this.
lol JV has the horizontal agility of an elephant.
Hakeem had legendary help compared to how they did my boy Patrick Ewing.
A fantastic year. It means maybe not every game will sell out weeks in advance next year.
How? Tires and belts gonna last forever?
I'd like to see him bulk up a bit more. Off-season is the time to eat like nuts and hit the weights non-stop. He'll cut the fat off in a matter of weeks once pre-season starts up.
Japan is pretty "trusting" but I've seen companies run academic and cert background checks and pull job offers when the lie is exposed before.
Nah it hit the backboard first. The cylinder is irrelevant.
I was more just referring to his body fat percentage. He looks like he could add some more calories to his bulk.
KD was never going to Brooklyn dude.
Rogan is a liberal.
Rogen makes almost no effort to proclaim to be hard hitting. He's a comedian who wants to learn, joke and talk about exercise and drugs.
Here's a crazy idea... Pay for it?
100%.
In my experience, keeping a huge budget to buy IT systems when you need is a huge boost to sales efficiency. I don't even blink unless it's more than $2000 a year or so. Been a massive assist to my biz.
Where are you finding the contractors and vendors?
Pretty sure in the US drug deaths have surpassed it.
You should read a history book if you think most Taiwanese people aren't Chinese.
Happening bar for sure.
I met the owner of the Grizzlies and talked about this. He literally just said he bought it because it's a good financial investment. I was kinda disappointed when I heard that.
I think people mistook him getting his ass handed to him by Lebron (one of the best players in history) as him choking all those years.
I mean they added KD. That's really nothing to do with the character of their team.
I see the opposite. KD's decision to join took away the golden years of Pop's Spurs and forever tarnished Lebron's championship legacy. Also you could argue the Rockets as well, though they aren't nearly as well liked. I'll always be salty about KD.
Why would you watch every single Lin game? Even when he was on shit teams like Charlotte or the Hawks?
Sample size is much too low.
Overseas Draft Rights will be the real GOAT imo
The poison pill contract was ridiculous, though. It had nothing to do with Lin. It had to do with Morey trying to fuck the Knicks over.
We have no way of knowing but I wonder if the news of the Warriors having an off year next season coming out that the Pels would be a little more welcoming of getting a star for next year.
I guess I'm not as bullish on DSJ as everyone else.
There is embedded child porn that trolls put into the official bitcoin blockchain. Everybody in the world with a copy of the blockchain is hosting child porn on their PC.
Japan Free WiFi.
They need to be more aggressive in protecting local culture and lifestyle. Example: They should ban selfies in shibuya and set up designated photo spots at places like hachiko. Just some basic crowd management stuff.
I watch his show every day. He never argues about the Nazis being left. Sure that isn't some meme you're repeating that just isn't true?
People come back 100% from ACL tears all the time now. I got zero concerns for KP other than typical ones of any 7'3" man.
I think he was told to clear out for Steph to give him as much room as possible.
Kids don't box out anymore. Just watch NCAA to see its effect.
How many 7'3" people in the history of the planet have torn an ACL? I'm not gonna give him special exceptions from the rest of the general population of elite athletes who have and have returned to form. A good chunk of the NBA player base has torn an ACL and you don't even remember it. If Al Jefferson could do it, I'm sure KP can do it.
Pretty sure you need to freeze salmon to get rid of the parasites.
Bro we need a point guard badly. DSJ and Frank aren't the future. Ja falling to us would be a miracle.
I just wanna say, as a Tokyo resident, thank you for going out of your way to try to avoid showing people's faces in your video. Many, many tourists have no idea that it's actually illegal to film someone without their permission in Japan, even in public. I live/work in Shibuya area and the number of live streamers these days is disgusting. It's turning into an invasion of privacy. Tokyo works as a city because people respect each others' boundaries even though we're packed in like sardines.
Just go on mercari or yahoo auction.
Investors and early employees want their pay-day. They busted their ass for many years and deserve it. That's the biggest reason. For single founder companies who bootstrapped it, there's not much reason.
Yep. Look at the Sixers.
Bro Sixers have like a 3% chance of getting JJ back. He's most likely going to Brooklyn.
And if anyone will do it, it's Tesla. They turn their entire fleet into self-driving taxis with an over the air firmware update.
They're up to 700,000 employees now with plans to hit a million next year. Average salary around $150,000. You do the math. Not to mention the existence of AWS has made it easier than ever for people to start up IT businesses/mobile apps.
Big Dan Crenshaw fan. Reminds me of a young John McCain.
Getting to play him so many times in conference would probably be a good thing for him though.
Umm, he's never had a team face Kawhi more than twice in the regular season before. It would be 4 now. That's a difference maker.
What's this "was" business?
I take it you've never played competitive basketball? The more times you face an opponent the more you figure them out. All the tape and analytics in the world only do so much. I agree that Kawhi comes as close to "having Lebron's number" as anyone in the world. Seeing him face-to-face more often will be good for Lebron's playoff chances against him if they end up facing one another. We're talking about 4 games a year here, dude. He doesn't need to fully take off 82 nights for load management.
OK, buddy.
He should buy some harness racing horses. It's a really fun sport.
Because they don't wanna hear shit about their 2015 ring.
Bucks offense looked super predictable in that series.
Surprised to see such a clickbait article from the Japan Times. This is the consequence of lifetime employment laws. Can't fire 'em, so make 'em quit. Every Japanese person knows this innately. The workers aren't skeptical of shit.
Private company valuation (if we're talking the VC funded route) is usually set at each funding round. But ultimately it's "# of shares outstanding X value of each share." Selling shares of a pre-IPO private company as an employee is tricky. There are avenues for it (SecondMarket used to be a popular way for employees of the early unicorns like Facebook to cash out pre-IPO, but not sure now since it was acquired by NASDAQ), but you'll wanna talk to a lawyer about it. Now if you have enough voting power via the board, it's a different story. Then you can retain a banker and look for possible M&amp;A activity from private equity or from other companies private or public.
I was at game 5. Lebron played his ass off, got a 40 point triple double, and lost. They were hopelessly outmatched but tried their damn hardest.
No, $150,000 is the average take home pay (including RSU's &amp; bonus) of their full-time salaried employees for the whole company. Amazon is unique in that its average pay handed out in RSU's and signing bonuses makes up a huge chunk of take home pay for employees. Looking at base salary alone, or hourly workers pay, isn't a real picture. Source: I personally negotiated and hired many people for Amazon.
In the US? Do you know what track they race at?
Sheed sends his regards.
I honestly didn't realize harness racing was thing outside the US/Canada. I went to the Harness Racing Hall of Fame in NY State and there wasn't a single mention of any international history (outside of the Canadian tracks).
I dunno why anyone would believe in Norwalk, but cool.
Nice! It's a great sport and fun to gamble on. I hope he gets involved in the US scene someday, though I doubt Denver is close to any tracks. They're mostly concentrated in the northeast.
Director at Amazon (L8) means overseeing an entire business unit with a few hundred employees in it. Pay is usually around $600K USD or so (when factoring in RSU's and Amazon's growth rate). Amazon has something like 20-30 directors in Japan and 5 or so VPs (L10) which are the highest ranking positions in Japan. There are no "Senior Directors" (L9) at Amazon. Indeed is scaled down a bit below that as it is a much smaller company. Google and Microsoft are fairly similar to Amazon's structure (with a few differences I don't feel like explaining).
I hate this obsession with michelin stars. Most of the best restaurants in Japan will never receive a michelin star. Not every restaurant wants to cater to non-Japanese speakers.
I was just commenting in general, not about this shop. People hold it up like it's some amazing virtue for them to agree to Michelin star consideration when it has very little to do with the quality of the meal.
Good luck with the lye btw! Use safety equipment.
I read your first sentence and thought you had a thing for disposing of dead bodies lol
Nah I mean big business interests won't let it happen at this point.
No, I'm saying there are a lot of unconnected players with money and influence who stand to lose a lot by the whole system crashing.
100% agree.
Fresh as hell.
They play in a dome
Giving up at 6? GTFO. Send the kid to international school, problem solved.
The NBA has been talking to Twitch and social media sites for a while. Adam Silver has talked openly about this at the annual analytics conference at MIT for at least the past 3 years.
I take it you weren't there in 2011.
Keep Conley for a year to train his replacement Morant.
Its the same gaslighting shit the left accuses trump of doing. She's literally running his playbook.
If you do you need to blur their faces out before showing it anywhere.
I think I meant dog whistling.
Bro if you are gonna argue Siakim over Nash then we're done here.
He played in the MLB too.
Thank god.
I doubt he has any sway.
NBA is pretty unpopular here in Japan.
baseball, soccer, rugby are the clear big 3 After that it's a mix of volleyball, swimming, tennis, martial arts (including sumo) Basketball is somewhere in the same realm as American Football, probably slightly more popular.
triggered
Not at all. Asians are incredibly racist, dude. Guarantee nobody in China gives a shit about him.
Naomi Osaka, Yu Darvish... Japan embraces its half athletes really well.
&gt; make the other teams desperate and give him the moon Uh, he's getting offered the max no matter where he goes.
To be fair you'd have to cross-check it against volume of comments. My suspicion is that younger kids post a lot more than the older lurkers do.
Rodman never regularly defended centers. It was only in spot situations and during certain playoff matches to mix it up.
Bro Rodman was one of the best perimeter defenders of all time. He used to guard Jordan.
I bet his dad was conflicted when he decided to go to Duke lol
Damn if he can hit that stepback at a good clip it's gonna be an unguardable move.
Well that was dumb
Um, he guarded mostly 2-4. I watched hundreds of Rodman games in the 90s.
Would love that. We need depth at the guard spots.
Yup. I dunno why people don't want to admit it lol I live in Japan. All Asian countries look down on other Asian countries. It's not even frowned upon here.
He might end up better than both. His physical gifts are elite even in the US.
103 actually.
To be fair, she doesn't even speak Japanese.
Umm you know most of his career he wasn't on the bulls, right?
That's like $70k lol
Check the sidebar in /r/npb
AD did it better IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_ZYx4w9hxU
&gt; I’d also been curious to see how someone like Jeff Hornacek would survive in today’s game. A 6'4" shooting guard with a career 3P% over 40%? He'd beast today. He'd be in the same tier as a Khris Middleton or JJ Redick.
Have you seen what their luxury tax is going to look like if they resigned everyone? It'll make OKC's look reasonable.
It's not that. It means it might remove a franchise's willingness to add new players or their flexibility to make roster improvements going forward. So it's just a highly risky move. Trust me, as a Knicks fan, if you have to sell off assets and draft picks to go after the big free agents and it doesn't work out, you can set a franchise back a decade. It ain't pretty.
You seen the video of him practicing the Harden stepback? He's gonna be unguardable if he can get his percentages up a little.
Lebron's never done it? I guess maybe nobody wants to get in front of him lol
You're about to have some fun with Zion then.
The last few minutes of this game was insane. I don't think I've seen anyone in the modern NBA move as fast as MJ did on that put back dunk and subsequent steal.
If you think any college has comparable development programs as Real Madrid, you're smoking the good stuff.
Look, he was playing for Real Madrid when he was 12 years old. All that talk about "fine tuning his muscle memory at an elite level takes a long time" is true, but he's already had an entire pro career before he came to the NBA. He's not your typical player. You heard about the 10,000 hours to mastery theory? He broke that amount by the time he was 16. He hasn't played against NBA players, but he's been playing Euro pros for a long time already (better than NCAA D1 talent level). His floor is way higher than a typical 1-and-done rookie which is why I don't think you'll see his skill level take a massive leap. I can't believe this is such a controversial hot take.
If they can get him to play like Klay, Jimmer would fit in just fine. Though pretty skeptical that will happen.
I thought we were discussing skill improvement. His obvious ceiling raiser is athletic/fitness improvement which is a different animal.
Not typically at the NBA level. These guys are generally in very good physical form by the time they reach the league. I agree for the average folks it's a huge difference though.
Thank god. As a local resident/worker in the area, it's way too much. When they had to start re-routing the bus schedules to accommodate it started really impacting the locals quality of life. Good riddance.
Do us a favor and please don't come to Japan.
Gordon is a significantly better defender than JJ and actually has a more versatile offensive game. I think you're overrating JJ a lot here.
Crazy that he forces him left on as bunch of those possessions.
Shinsei offers close to 2% on USD time deposits.
Yeah there's [a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGB11gG-ReQ) of RJ and Zion doing free throw dunks at practice. RJ got some hops. They said his dad used to jump out of the gym back in the day.
Most people won zero tickets. Sorry.
Walters is OK but very generic. PM me if you want some other company ideas.
Not unofficial anymore
The de-aging thing was weird because as men age their ears and noses get bigger and they didn't shrink them for the younger versions. We know what younger Pesci and Deniro look like, so it naturally felt off. Still a technical marvel though.
Yes, of course. All tax is by its very definition a write off as are all company expenses.
Mind sharing more data/info on the wall street not believing a dem will win the election? I tend to agree and am deciding how to manage my portfolio in light of it.
I like your gumption
his arms are so fucking long
Of course. That's normal for high performers.
The big money is in starting your own firm.
Go spend a few nights at What the Dickens and get back to me.
3PM should not be a required minimum for lowest percentage lol
Friends... So... Orgy?
You think he's better than Giannis?
What part of my statement says Giannis will surpass Dirk?
I find it hard to believe Wilt never did it. Guy averaged 50 in a season.
Last year AD was the clear best C in the league.
that carry tho
When I grew up McDonalds had smoking sections in the USA too. Not that abnormal.
Nah, it's because companies don't want to pay for maternity leave.
Wow that 7-9% is pretty wild. How would they get returns to justify that?
Hahaha this is like the Ashley Madison leak again
Oh then I stand corrected :) Still, 0.35~% percent in a month is pretty good! Better than the US banks offer by a significant margin. I researched this because I am allocating funds to USD with a small percentage to be kept in an interest bearing account and realized it's more lucrative to leave in Shinsei. Even at the cheapest rates possible it costs about 0.8% to send money to a US bank so this beats it by a mile.
In all seriousness, I know you're joking, but the good majority of love hotel customers are regular couples.
Yes I want to be clear this is only for people who desire USD deposits. 5% annual isn't enough to start essentially FX trading.
That would be Transferwise. You can get slightly better rates direct from the bank if your money is already in USD. If you need to pay a commission rate for the JPY-&gt;USD conversion then Transferwise is cheapest up to maybe $25K~ or so. But realistically keeping transfers below $10K in practice will save you some regulatory headaches anyway. EDIT: This is because Transferwise has better conversion rates.
Yeah, so what I am saying is if you need a short time USD interest bearing deposit, the Shinsei Otameshi option seems more lucrative than transferring to a US bank. I never implied there's more to it than that. I'm not here to discuss investment strategy lol. My question was more how Shinsei can afford to give out 5% on USD deposits.
Because it's not necessary? Some professional service industries are limited by the amount of quality work they can offer and regularly turn down most business anyway. Marketing will not help with that problem.
Yup sounds typical of a lot of B2B firms.
Somewhere after the frankincense and myrrh.
Yes I know. Clearly I was implying 5% p.a. rate and not actually 5%... Thanks for the explanation though.
I understood the first time you mentioned it. I get that you're experienced with this stuff but you have a nasty way of sounding condescending when you talk about it. Just FYI, something to consider. Thanks for explaining it three times though. I definitely get your point!
In my very first post I linked to the page clearly defining it as 5% p.a. monthly minus fees. I was using "5%" as shorthand. Sorry I wasn't more verbose. &gt; Better than the US banks offer by a significant margin 5% p.a. minus fees invested monthly 12 times in a row will give a better result than me converting to USD, sending to a US bank, collecting the standard of 1.75% p.a., and transferring back to JPY after one year, assuming relatively stable FX conversion which is a gamble. Do you doubt this? Feel free to run the math. I was expressing some shock that Shinsei can offer a better return on USD than the US banks do. (With the obvious lack of FDIC insurance which is notable.)
Thanks! I'll run the calculation again next time I need to transfer :)
OK well thanks for the new information this time. I'll use the otameshi and then send the USD to the US for 1.75% &lt;3
Some parts of Brevard country are hellscapes
This guy fucks
Watch the most recent Shin Godzilla for a glimpse into this potential future. The whole film is about how bureaucracy makes quick military response impossible.
We'll see. Tourism actually dipped YoY in the fall.
76%
I donate about 10% of my income now. About 5% for politics and 5% for causes that speak to me. Example: I used to work in the anime industry and the worst mass murder in modern Japan history happened to an anime studio. I gave what I could to heal the families of the victims since their work helped me make my career. Another example, a GoFundMe for funeral expenses for a young black man shot and killed in the neighborhood where I went to school. Innocent bystander. His family was poor and deserved some comfort after such a tragedy. I think only donating when it really matters to you is important. I don't think designating someone to manage your wealth for you (unless you have "Foundation" level cash) is gonna make you feel especially altruistic. My two cents. Why do I do it? Simple: Paying it forward. EDIT: Also consider doing Patreons and subscriptions for small level content you love and want to see more of. (I see you, Joe Scott.)
Good attitude. Cheers.
I disagree. People who want to calculate regular donations or tithing into their fire goals should be welcome here.
It's notable that Drummond is from the NYC area.
Not melo's 60 point game? Or the time we had the #2 seed and made the 2nd round? :)
Which 3 funds?
Who is Hafiz Ahmed and why is that notable?
When they ask your motivation say "money."
I still don't understand. How many people who use reddit in 2020 will be directly in danger from climate change in a non-economic way?
Crossposted to my Facebook politics group. Thanks for contributing! Very good take.
Ehh? The Koch's companies gotta pay into the VAT which funds the climate plan. How can't you imagine this working in a Yang presidency?
&gt; Became CEO of a graduate education company that became number #1. How? By paying his employees 4x the going rate of his competitors. When that company was sold to Kaplan, he shared the wealth with all his employees instead of hoarding it for himself. Got a reference for this?
There's a tent city a block away now
This is a different one. On the site of the old temporary ward office.
I mean there have been dozens of mini drops over the past few months. If you put all your eggs into today's basket you're gonna have a hard time. P.S. You should 100% pay for the tracker and set alerts in your inbox for the events you desperately want to see. That's how I got the best of my tickets.
They'll come back with the marketplace launch in the spring
$13 is super high to me. Why is that considered cheap?
Time for money? That's not how equity works.
You for real? I never listened to the commentaries.
Good advice!
I'm with you. I bought a comically large amount of M for the dividend when it bottomed out and it's the shining jewel in my portfolio atm. 10%+ dividends plus thousands in equity gains. I live in a foreign country but trade in USD so it's tricky to get quick liquidity. Dividends gives me spending cash to essentially day trade with which is fun and has potential upside too.
Biden lived through the first three industrial revolutions so he's used to it by now.
I forget the source but they do exit surveys at airports.
Drop in the bucket compared to China
Been using ssmartphones for a decade and still can't type as well as I did on my Blackberries. I wanted the Q10 to succeed so badly.
Wouldn't that just be a dividend?
That's not how plus/minus works.
Can't find that app on Google play
Pretty sure Bobby Portis is on the trade block.
You really have a lot of disrespect for professional baseball players.
He shot 52.9% you liar
9/17
Yes, which is why nothing comes tax free.
Ticket sales?
He poured his heart and soul into our franchise. Greatest Knick ever imo (with respect to Clyde of course)
I'd think a Jazz fan would certainly understand :)
Can't really afford to rest him in the west
Of course it is in pickup.
Masks have been proven to lower instances of the flu by 85% for what it's worth.
Means he slammed into the side of a hill.
UBI. Google or Youtube Andrew Yang.
And the crazy thing is that's a sport where death is sort of expected as a risk. This is what makes kobe's death so shocking :(
It's got almost nothing to do with recruiting. It's a sales job. Plan accordingly.
I despise RPOs but your old colleague sounds like a good dude.
Unless it's a LEAP 1+ year in
Yeah long term VS short term.
Their model is they negotiate for pennies on the dollar for items stuck in warehouses. Wouldn't be surprised if they are doing a little of that for the luxury items too (that the companies don't plan to burn).
I run an executive search firm in Tokyo, we deal with lots of foreigners. PM me a link to your CV or LinkedIn page and I'm happy to provide some advice.
In Japan most companies larger than about 50 people (aka the vast majority of jobs) hire both direct &amp; through agencies without a lot of bias in either direction. So really the direct route isn't as important as it is in other economies with less reliance on recruiting firms. The exception are places like Google &amp; Facebook who more or less only do direct sourcing.
Good explanation! Thanks.
Maybe he should move home.
Can confirm, this is correct. I am a business owner here and our accountants often request the previous company's gensen forms for this very reason.
Which country?
Japan got caught up in red tape and botched it. Korea didn't.
Five months ago it was pretty obvious a pandemic was going to pop off. The travel advisories in Asia around Chinese new year were no joke.
Am I alone in thinking that I couldn't care less about the political views of athletes, coaches, GM's, and especially their spouses?
Link plz
Recruiter who is good at his job. Top recruiters make 50M in Japan. Decent recruiters make 15M+. Shitty recruiters make 7-8M.
Started entry level as a recruiter in-house. Within 1 year I realized how much more money our agency recruiters were getting than I did so I joined an agency and had my first 6 figures paycheck at 25. Never looked back. If you have energy, are willing to take a low base salary to start, and can sell, you'll never have trouble finding an agency to take a shot at you. If you're good at it, you can make a lot of commissions.
Executive search firm for IT. Not sure what you mean by "settled"... Can you expand?
Many, many years of hustling, cold calling, and networking. There's no secret way to fast track it. You gotta put in your 10,000 hours.
I'm not sure I understand. I worked my ass off for years, built up a rolodex, credibility, saved up enough money, and started my business. That's all there is to it. No outside funding, just a lot of sweat equity.
That only applies to people who traveled after the ban was announced now FYI.
Oh I never said it excused it. I live in Japan and I think it's a bullshit policy too.
There are very strict rules about layoffs in Japan. Companies can't do layoffs without satisfying some very severe conditions.
Read up on labor rights of seishain workers: https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%AD%A3%E7%A4%BE%E5%93%A1
Wifi-6 routers are better anyway
