Cause it's nice, and it lets you award posts you really like.
/r/botsrights
It's not funny, it's abuse! These bots are being mercilessly pitted against eachother!
It's unlikely that reddit admins deleted them, as they only micromanage when something breaks reddit rules, of which there are few. So the mods of those subs probably removed them for whatever reason.
Are the missing posts listed [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Follicle/search?q=author%3Abillybobiswatching&amp;restrict_sr=on)?
Platinum gives a month of premium and 500 coins (enough to give someone gold), gold gives a week of premium and 100 coins (enough to give someone silver), and silver gives a feeling of pride and accomplishment. Things got more complicated fairly recently, as you can see! reddit.com/coins explains everything.
Simply go to [the website](http://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/), and you're there. Congratulations. If it's blocked, archive.org [can help...](https://web.archive.org/web/*/http://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/) but remember to do your schoolwork, okay?
Any random things that cause cancer are probably already illegal by now. So your best bet is to wear sunscreen, eat healthily, avoid smoking or drinking alcohol, and to get an amount of exercise.
Cookie clicker isn’t really built for touchscreen/smaller screens, so it’s probably not going to work great. No real way to fix it, sadly.
If you want to buy a useless pair of glasses, sure.
You know, in case somebody asks you in a game of high-stakes would you rather.
So, if I completely avoid calcium, I'll live forever, right?
RemindMe!
Not like you can stop me
Not if you play for a while - accomplishments increase your score, which never goes back down. And errors vanish when you dig through them.
Seems about right, I've only ever seen a few people win against paul...
For a couple of them they had the girl come out and start saying it to them at the podium
No - it's non-ionising radiation, so the worst it can do is heat you up a little.
You're basically guaranteeing them a career as a songwriter. Sounds like a good move to me!
It's pretty good, plays like a weird mesh between classic and modern. It's not very lightweight though - if nullpomino causes issues, it probably will.
Posts on reddit have a natural lifespan. They're not like youtube videos where they continue to be watched for years to come. On reddit, conversations die off as a post slides off the front page, maybe lasting longer if they're pinned. But they just don't naturally continue having the same vibrant conversations months later, and trying to join in that late could be an obvious faux pas. Also posts shouldn't infinitely rise in score either, so blocking off voting serves a similar purpose.
Do you have the source video for this?
Hell naw, I'm excited. Like, what if we put wings on people? Or used it to increase lifespans dramatically? Or any number of either practical or *really cool* things. Ok, sure, I'd basically be set to become some sort of movie supervillain if only I had the money and time, but hey, it would be cool, right?
Depends how well they're set up, so whether wire upload speed from the server or file read speed is the bottleneck.
Shadowbanning is an anti-bot thing that only admins can do, and applies to all of reddit. When you're banned from a sub, a PM is always sent as far as I know. If you haven't gotten one for being banned from my sub nobody can post on, perhaps not!
Mate, what are you going on about? Here in Canberra we've still got two weeks to go yet!
If your birds have fur, they're probably not birds...
Because it mostly failed to mention anything that actually happened in the youtube community aside from Fortnite, which ended up comprising the majority of the video. All of that other stuff (suicide forest, PewDiePie vs. T-series, KSI vs Logan) was hidden inside Jaiden's very short section. The middle section with all the acknowledging really just seemed like pandering, and the "let's read the comments" bit added insult to injury, as if confirming that they purposefully avoided mentioning anything that could be offensive.
There's no hard limit to karma gains from one post, and nobody knows exactly where the falloff is anyway (it's a trade secret). Points become worth less than one karma point each as more of them are on one post, and they start to become pretty weak after a few thousand, but there's no hard cap. It's there so that getting lucky from one post doesn't make you rich forever, to encourage making lots of good posts rather than few.
Unknown to you, of course, and good luck having a loud argument with nobody during a test without someone getting suspicious
There are other fonts for this purpose that don't look so awful.
Seconding paintbrush: it works, technically, and is the simplest solution I've found, but if you thought rotating text in MS paint was hard...
Wait, what exactly are you talking about? What is this "YouTube repeat" thing, and what was it like?
They sure can! Of course, they'd need some sort of tool for this, but it's not one of the most complicated things to do. They can even see exactly what pages you're viewing on HTTP (no S) websites. If you don't want them to, get a VPN or use Tor.
You try counting them
The standards for music drop so dramatically around Christmas, as seeing as there's less music total more of a finite selection is likely to be garbage. Thus why, in order for lists to not be 3 songs long, stores include some awful music.
Well, that's it. That's how it works. Not more info I can give unless you have a specific question. I can't tell you the formula for it, that's a reddit secret, and rumours of an "8k limit" that have popped up recently are pretty unfounded.
That's... not actually a question, but okay. What appears to be the problem, exactly? What happens when you try to post, and what directions are you following?
Whoever says that gold has value? Things have value if there's a market for them, or some kind of inherent use. Sure, gold has a use, but most of it's value comes from it's rarity, and cryptos have some amount of that too. Real money has value because the government says so, and everybody just sort of plays along. Cryptocurrency has value if people are willing to exchange it for goods and services, or more weakly other currencies. Some additions to /u/robots914's comment: the math problems get harder over time as a function to make new blocks appear at a constant rate, adjusting with the total mining power. Each new block records some transactions, and gives the miner who wins it (solves the problem first through sheer luck) an amount of bitcoin generated from nothing (which decreases over time to create a limited supply), and any transaction fees from transactions in that block. Mining was easier in the past because there weren't as many miners around, and the free bonus reward was much higher if you did score a block. And here's [an excellent video](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bBC-nXj3Ng4) which explains the math, why it is the way it is, and some of the finer details of it all. This video is how I came to actually understand everything, which sounds a bit religion-y but you should give it a watch.
Sounds to me like it might be a problem with your internet. Try waiting for a bit after attempting to make the post.
Sure was: this edit was made to show how that video could have been done better!
[Hmmm...](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/goes-around-litigates-around/)
Nothing is true on the internet
You might be able to contact the place the card is for with proof of purchase to get another one, as they should have a system to block the old number from being used. I've managed to do this myself by mistaking one of the kind you peel for one that you scratch. Reassembling the card as well as you can and then peeling it off properly worked for me.
Majestic fire
White Temptress Well, "alpha" appears be in a loop at least
Alpha Moon We've reached moon again! But it's out of sync with the first time.
White Demon ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I nearly beat you there...
If their reflection is looking at you, then from their perspective they're looking through the mirror right at you. If it's glass, there's a chance they're looking through it instead, but when you go to look through a window you'll usually naturally lock on to somebody looking straight at you even if the reflection is weaker. Eye contact makes it easy to tell anyway.
If anything, it'll improve it.
I've seen this too - it's still possible to add people to and kick people out of a conversation that you're not in, so long as you haven't closed the app yet. This includes yourself.
Hmm. The camera shake looks legit to me: I think there's some subtle parallax, and it seems too irregular to be simulated algorithmically. Whoever's filming must just have very steady hands. The stream nearly dissipates right at the end, so it's possible it dissipated almost completely before the start of the video and then reappeared. And whoever filmed it probably stopped the video because they cared more about watching it for themselves. Look too closely at anything and it'll look suspicious, but in the grand scheme of things this one doesn't really matter.
Er, should I be able to answer yes *and* no?
It means reddit has made that sub harder to be viewed accidentally. It's done for subs that don't outright break any rules, but which might still be bad for reddit's reputation. /r/CringeAnarchy is quarantined for being "dedicated to shocking or highly offensive content".
/r/meirl was started by some people who didn't like the direction the moderation of /r/me_irl was taking. In terms of content, /r/me_irl has more of a focus on meta memes.
Nope, there's actually [quite a few of them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sign_languages). American sign language is quite different from Japanese. It's also completely different from British sign language, but very similar to French.
$94 from just under half of all Americans for something that he promised Mexico would pay for? That’s gonna be a tough sell!
If, after seeing your whole history, you make the sensible decision to delete all of it, the easiest way to do this is by deleting your channel.
Rules sometimes differ from sub to sub. Some subs don't like when you clutter the place with questions that have been asked before. Some don't care, or don't enforce it.
Dang, that's what I was gonna say. Nice job.
They're useful for measuring time - if you get a pendulum with just the right length (~0.994m) no matter how much it weighs or how far you pull it back, it'll take exactly a second to swing.
Something something multithreaded pathfinding
They can't be compared so easily. They do completely different things using different systems. For example, an ordinary desktop computer could add three billion numbers, each of which needs to be square rooted first, together in less than a second without breaking a sweat, while it would be an insurmountable task for a human. On the other hand, computers aren't so great at human work: we can look at a photo and accurately describe every shape, object, and thing in it, even coming up with the likely circumstances leading to it being taken, and what might come afterwards, while even some of the best image recognition algorithms available would get stuck on telling apart a snake and a hose. For what it's worth, human brains are complicated enough (and have enough technical processing power) to not be directly simulated by any supercomputer so far, and likely not for a long time into the future.
There's a lot of jargon, and some of the concepts can be tricky to understand. If there's anything specific you want to know you can ask, but the fact you got this far puts you well ahead of most people.
Well what are you confused about?
Posting in the right place can be tricky, so make sure to read all of the rules for the sub you're trying first and see what kind of content is already there. There are a lot of them, and even if your post fits you'll often get recommended to somewhere it fits even better.
You can put the most important info in the title, but if you really need to add context you can just make a comment on the post.
You can always just link to the photos. Using `[text to use](full link)` will let you replace the link text if they're really long or something. IIRC there might be some support for inline images and videos in text posts now, but I don't really know the specifics.
I can tell you now which I'd prefer...
Cyan, basically half green half blue. It's slightly closer to blue.
Do you have a source for that?
According to who? Success is determined by the one making the post, really.
My front page has an abundance of posts with &lt;200 points. /r/all and /r/popular are more selective, but as far as I can tell there’s no magic number limit. It’s about upvotes and time: posts which gain score faster can show up on the front page with less points overall.
Yeah, the personalised front page is a lot more complicated, and takes into account the size of the sub they're from, comments, and a bunch of other stuff. 1k is a good ballpark estimate for showing up on /r/all though.
Along the lines of this, I'd like to propose pronouncing seven as "sev" when you're in a hurry.
Get your eyes checked mate
You can still go to the post after upvoting it before it was archived and see that you upvoted it. So the data isn't deleted...
3? If you don't think that waluigi should get in, I've got no clue how you'd think we need more donkey Kong characters.
When the number is &lt;100 it's randomly fuzzed a bit to prevent stalking.
/u/me/hidden shows them all.
It's generally more tracking stuff than mouse movement. Note how if you try to do one in incognito mode it'll almost certainly give you the pictures, and likewise if you try to do the same one three times in a row.
A new, confused, member of a community or secret society
It would get pretty annoying, so as far as I know browsers don't come with an in-built functionality for this, but there may be addons that do it.
Username checks out is when somebody's comment unintentionally relates to their username. Beetlejuicing is when their name relates to what they're replying to.
Once(/if) they take over regular cars to an extent that they can go passengerless entirely, then laws will be changed to support this, but right now the "driver" in a driverless car still has responsibility over the vehicle and needs a license.
There should be a way to copy the image location when holding down on the image or whatever. Imgur might also tell you the link to the image itself. If you've got it right, the link will start with i.imgur. Looking at your other two posts, the chex mix one is perfect, but for the other you've copied the wrong link.
Sometimes as filler ads if nobody else wants to run an ad on that video. It's their site, so why not use the free ad space?
[This](https://www.deseat.me) looks like just what you're looking for. It's meant for if you want to deactivate them, but gives you a list all the same.
Yep, though it's meant to confuse upvote bots rather than humans.
Or made it better if you can pitch-shift the bleeps!
There's 3 wishes in the story so really there's not a lot to decide from: 1. Wish is granted through roundabout (and horrible) means, but it could happen irl on it's own. This is like /u/massivebrain's granting here, and what you said. 2. Wish is granted, but with a bit of word-twisting, and supernaturally. The story never says what happens here explicitly, but you can basically guess (he's reanimated as a horrible shambling mess). For this wish something within this spirit would be "all of the hair grows inside your legs now. It is extremely painful and you need to get surgery to correct it". 3. The third wish in the story is granted without obvious horrible consequences, but for the purposes of this it doesn't really matter. IMO a third type of wish granting could be "granted perfectly, but the realistic consequences *afterwards* really suck", which would *sorta* line up with the third wish, but that's just what I think.
Granted, but this also applies to people with broken arms. It's impossible to heal such an injury, as anybody else sneezing will rip through their cast with the force of it, at least until sneeze-proof (or dabbable as some people call them) casts are invented.
Shows that their computer system can handle scarily long flight numbers!
There's like 3 billion mafia variants so yeah sure
Winning while being the killer makes it just that much more exciting
Make it hollow and thin so it'll still shatter but plastic shards are safer than glass.
If someone’s life was in danger and they actually needed an ambulance, then the call would be free. You only get fined for calling for something stupid.
There should be a “save” option near the others on the post. You can access your saved posts at /u/me/saved
They don’t earn money from the ads run on them, and being a mod is almost always a volunteer position. They might get paid to promote stuff, but I haven’t heard of this happening.
/u/me/saved if you’re just looking for a link
Hmm. Unbelievable claims need unbelievable proof, and your test isn’t exactly that big of a sample size. I reckon he made several claims about each person, and you’re just remembering the true ones. Run some more experiments, with more people. Pay attention to *all* the claims he makes. Write them down, keep score. Get a third party who doesn’t know the people either to do this. Also make sure he doesn’t actually have inside info about the people. I’m not saying he’s trying to fool you: my guess would be that he’s self-deluded. But if all the tests you throw at him are passed with flying colours? Well, [there’s one last place to go](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_prizes_for_evidence_of_the_paranormal)...
/r/pointlessstories is for stories that fit nowhere else
***please no***
Yeah, but nobody sits down and thinks "I'm gonna make a fake viral video of a baby eating noodles". You've gotta think of Occam's razor here. Either that kid is some kind of savant with ridiculous coordination, which isn't impossible, or somebody made, from scratch, this 30-second long video, featuring subjects that are notoriously hard to realistically create with CGI, with no visual errors whatsoever, of a rather silly subject matter. When people are *that* good at fakery or video creation otherwise, they typically watermark their stuff!
SSD, unless you really need that extra storage space. 456TB is quite a bit anyway.
That's only a minor setback
You remember physically running to the location, and after the cutout falls over this becomes true, but the running doesn't actually happen, and you teleport right after being revealed to be a cutout.
From your perspective you ran the distance, so yes.
Yeah no clue what OP is going on about
Dude, you can make chocolate look like some crazy stuff. Turning it red isn't so hard to believe. Though, the real questionable thing here is that you wouldn't notice the obvious difference in texture before trying to eat it.
Accurate time is rather important in computing, which is why everything is so incredibly synchronised right now.
Most configurations of “remindme” and an exclamation mark work. Time defaults to one day (just write any date or length format after the call), custom message in quotes is optional. /r/remindmebot has all the info. I had a previous comment which was removed by automod here, some subs do that.
Er, whether or not your dog wants to eat your soap has no impact on how good it actually is as a soap. Organic soap likely won’t change anything.
You can scale up an image, but there’s no way to add detail that wasn’t there originally. At least, not outside of crime shows.
Don't not include me
RemindMe! January 5th, 2019
Don't what?
*You'll take my pirated copy of adobe premiere over my cold, dead hands* ...or if they lower the price so that buying it is actually reasonable.
Could always message them, you know. Anyway, paging /u/Concise_Pirate
That's just under minimum wage if you're talking AUD, so no, that's not a lot!
Er, they're [orangered](https://www.redditinc.com/assets/press-resources/reddit_brand_guidelines_20180314.pdf). An april fools from a while back implies the blue is actually called "periwinkle".
Airforceproud95. I don't understand half of the flying terminology, but it's hilarious all the same.
No. A self driving car doesn't need to look at the pole to determine what colour the light is.
Then why are the vast majority of the pictures car or driving related (click the street signs, click the crosswalks, click every picture containing a car), and this whole thing is timed with google trying to develop self-driving cars?
Yeah, a couple of the sets involve identifying storefronts (and they used to have street signs and numbers), which are probably ripped straight from street view. If they wanted to train image recognition in general, they'd probably use a much wider dataset, but seeing as the tasks line up so nicely with google's other priorities it's likely a bit more self-serving. Well, aside from the chimney thing.
How about "I can't hear you, I'm not wearing my glasses"?
On iOS you're not going to get very far, aside from maybe attempting to guess the router passwords of public wifi.
You're going to need some sort of computer with a non-mobile operating system really. A raspberry pi might be a good place to start, they're pretty affordable and made for stuff like this.
Drawback: whatever the hell is going on here With a text bios the worst that could happen is maybe all of the text being scrambled, which turns navigating it into a fun and exciting challenge.
I’m sold
I would vote for any politician willing to do that
Yes. Battery degradation comes from heavy use, not leaving it charging at full. Chargers will actually provide a lot less power as you get closer to 100% to prevent bad stuff happening anyway.
I don’t know exactly, but if you want to opt-out anyway there should be a setting in your browser to block cookies from certain websites.
You’re all clear. The app likely wasn’t legit, but apple’s sandboxing and restrictions mean it can’t actually have done anything bad, especially if you didn’t even use it.
Birds are not known to attack humans often. Well, except for some large birds, and that’s mostly just intimidation. Some birds swoop in spring, but they’ll never go for your eyes specifically. Pidgeons are harmless, and supposedly it’s possible to befriend crows by feeding them unsalted unshelled peanuts.
Probably. So far no hard, world-shattering evidence of these things have been uncovered. There are some semi-believable tales, but when it comes to stuff that would turn perceptions of reality upside down, it pays to be critical. When you get to the bottom of something, it often suddenly becomes mundane.
How does “energy” explain these things?
Modern computers are complicated. Really complicated. There’s no one person who understands in perfect detail exactly how a video is generated by reddit, sent to you, and viewed, and anything going wrong anywhere along the way can break the whole thing. Coding is messy, the internet is messy, video encoding is messy; essentially, humans are messy, and we’re not always as consistent as computers need us to be. It can’t just always work, because every situation is different. Maybe the video has some weird metadata, your internet speed drops, or your browser arbitrarily forgets how to display things.
Karma limits on subs are done with automod, so you'd be notified *after* making the post.
That's 1^2, which isn't doubling. 3^2 is 9 instead of the 6 you'd get from doubling it.
(10,1,2)
2,375,296
It’s a near half and half ratio of upvotes and downvotes, combined with many points overall. I believe the exact formula for this is out there somewhere, but I don’t know it myself.
It's /r/vxjunkies. Who knows what was up with /r/vxclub.
somehow your username just makes this more interesting
Most distros are a lot more lightweight than Windows or Mac have proven to be. If you use a desktop environment with absurd graphical effects, not so much.
When you can't reply, but at least you can react.
Same here, there's an attempted call above these messages.
itch.io has no actual screening from what I can tell. Lots of indie devs put games of varying scale on there.
Tip: when linking with markdown, it doesn’t recognise it if you don’t include the `https://`. Also, if you include the r/ in a subreddit name (even if it doesn’t exist) it’ll link it for you!
No, I'm pretty sure it's just some rich guy (most likely *several*) who thought it would be funny. Where are you getting this from?
Almost all writing scripts involve putting characters in roughly straight rows or columns. Only one I can think of which doesn't is Elian, and that's a modern invention for writing English so it doesn't count. If you want one straighter than Latin characters, there's [Ogham](https://youtube.com/watch?v=2yWWFLI5kFU), which is written as marks on the corner of stones, or above and below a perfectly straight line in text.
I'd imagine that poop would always be disgusting no matter what form it took, so long as it was always that way. Being disgusted by it is a very good evolutionary benefit.
You can tell the difference between the water and the air, even though the border between them is transparent, because of the different refractive index. From inside it's no different. Ever swum in a swimming pool with glass windows?
I 100% thought it was a headband for some reason so seeing it in the footwear category really caught me off guard.
Kig somehow did significantly better than the level 36 there. But having one team be all higher level than the other is really dodgy...
No, like within the year number it's got four different digits. Other years don't change anything.
My real question is how somebody does that and yet nobody thought to drive backwards in ready player one...
I’m not sure you’d want it to be colder than earth’s lowest either. Venus is awful.
It's rather useful for, say, sorting entries with timestamps in a place that doesn't allow sorting by timestamps. Filesystems can sort by date created, but what if the date on a file isn't it's date created for some reason? ISO8601 is easy to read for *both* humans and computers.
It's ubiquitous enough that by simply seeing the dashes most people can think "oh, we're going year month day". Well, most people I know anyway. There's only *one* date format which goes yyyy.dd.mm, and there's no other format which uses dashes as far as I know. And if you were completely unfamiliar, it becomes clear with just a little thought that a big-medium-small order makes more sense than the alternative. No confusion.
For the most part. At least they make it a bit harder for any random spammer to repeatedly fill out the form.
The circuits in a calculator are compact, and built for the specific purpose of doing math as fast as possible. Human brains, while they have many more neurons and are definitely more suited at human things, were not built through evolution to do complex math. So the mental circuitry used is much bigger and unnecessarily complex.
You don't have to do anything. There's no way it can do anything after you've uninstalled it without actively being malware, and if it was Google Play or the iOS App Store would have remove do it by now. You're safe.
No. You're fine. iOS is super locked down anyway, and it especially can't do anything when it's gone.
No. If you don't open it, any data-collecting software doesn't run.
Uh, it can't do much after it's uninstalled, assuming you've deleted your account. There's some good info in [the other thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/byar9k/what_nimses_really_is/). I would still definitely recommend against using it, but scaremongering is not the way to go about this.
I would disagree with all zones being any more "real" than doing them individually. You still get to see the story, and unlock the story characters, by playing zones individually. Having to redo the first zone as aria every time would make completing the story much more frustrating. Don't let anybody discourage you from playing the game the way you find more fun. Personally, I went through each character as individual zones first, then went back to try all zones for an extra challenge. Seeing as unlocked items and the diamond dealer don't affect all zones, I believe this was the intended method of play.
Serves a couple of purposes really, from a game design perspective. The first is that it gives the feel of each level being tied to a song. The song plays with the level, and when one ends, so does the other. The other, actually important purpose is that it stops players from boring themselves and keeps up the pace of the game. Almost every roguelike has some form of "hurry up!" mechanic. There's the ghost in spelunky, hunger in almost every turn based one, etc. And in roguelikes, each level is randomised and new on every playthrough. So even if you do miss something, it's no big deal: you probably didn't need it anyway, and next time round you're sure to find something different. Without the song ending mechanic, the player would feel encouraged to, after beating all the enemies in a level, walk back and forth across it digging holes and buying out the whole shop. After all, if they don't do that, they're going to come out with less gear, and that's a fate worse than death! In NecroDancer, though, the music-based movement makes this incredibly slow and tedious. Getting from one side of the other isn't a challenge, it's just time consuming. It's pretty hard to *like* doing that, no matter how much you might be used to it from other types of games. By making a level end with the song, the devs have essentially removed that from the game, and added a little bit of interesting time management too: for example, do you really want to go back to the store to buy something for the second time *now*, or should you beat the miniboss first to avoid the penalty when the level ends? Trust me, it's a good addition to the game. If you've never played a roguelike before, you'll get used to not being able to vacuum up every item on every floor. I would still recommend buying NecroDancer, it's one of my all-time favourite games. And I know this is /r/NintendoSwitch, but it is 80% off on steam right now.
Preferably not after another round of settlers of catan though
Bots just get an amount of karma first in order to not be slowed down. Reddit has other rules for bot spam specifically too.
Don’t ask me, I’m not the one in the story.
RemindMe! 4 weeks
No. There used to be a collection of subs you started off subbed to, called defaults, but you could always unsubscribe from them Andy politicalhumour was never one of them.
Just a simulator? You’ve invented a teleporter! Screw this “space travel” plan, I’m exploring the world myself!
They’re not really infinite. There’s a limit to how far out you can go before things start to break.
[Cookie Clicker](https://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/), the game that spawned the entire clicker genre, was made by Orteil - and that's his tumblr account.
Simple solution: make shadow shadow achievements. They work in exactly the same way as shadow achievements, just *shadowier*.
They did tweet that it would be coming late 2019 instead of early, sadly.
Simply googling it could tell you. It's in Unicode as "Sleepy face".
Doesn't really require specialised hardware. "Machine learning" is a buzzword that gets thrown around a lot, but it can really refer to a *lot* of different things. No reason a vast majority of them can't be run on any old computer.
Which ones? The official Unicode name for all the original emoji are really all we have to go off for their meaning. This one's called "Sleepy face", so that's the "official" meaning if you want one. Anything else is just interpretations. Note that it's not sleep*ing*, just sleep*y*... and sniffling could very well be something one does while sleepy. EDIT: Emojipedia has a nice explanation. &gt; A yellow face with closed eyes, mouth slightly open, and a blue snot bubble coming from its nose. Snot bubbles indicate a character is tired or sleeping in anime or manga. Guess you were right on with your anime idea.
It's a spin-off, not a sequel, but playing NecroDancer first should give you an idea of whether the main gameplay clicks with you. It's a great game too!
Oh, I was looking at the left. Found it!
In NecroDancer there's also an item (ballet shoes) that lets you stand still with no penalty. Pretty random whether you'd find it or not, though.
He's on there commenting fairly frequently too.
A fair point, but in cases where a specific "me" must be selected, the consensus seems to be for it to be the guy in the rhino hat.
We're talking about bitcoin here and nobody's linked the 3blue1brown video yet, so here you go: https://youtube.com/watch?v=bBC-nXj3Ng4 It's 26 minutes long, but trust me, it's by far the best explanation of how cryptocurrencies work I've ever found.
Protogens? Isn't that some awful antivirus?
An hour or more is a long time to look for one image you already have. Get a reverse image search extension, one of those that keys you do a bunch of RIS engines at once, and you’ll be done in a couple of minutes.
Just guessing because I can’t check right now, but it looks like a combination of the vertical pipe, combining enclosing triangle, and combining enclosing circle.
It can be a tricky place at first. Making a post on a sub a lot of the time involves blending in with the locals, so to speak. Look at their front page and read the rules carefully to get an idea of what kind of posts they like. In the case of your askreddit submission, it breaks rule 3 because it has a set of factual answers rather than being open ended. I wouldn't recommend posting to /r/askreddit at all, actually. Everybody is. You've got almost 0 chance at success. I would recommend posting to smaller subs about more specific things. Maybe try /r/breadstapledtotrees, if you're up to partaking in a silly ritual for an internet post. Or subs about things you're interested in, (like video games or hobbies), they'll probably take posts of all sorts.
If you had a lot of them. Just one would be way too small.
I guess technically yes, but it would be impossible to tell. Don’t ask whether you can touch a normal sized molecule though because things start to get a little weird that small.
It's not just 5% per wrinkler, but the bonus for each wrinkler is multiplied by all the others. So with a full circle you get a huge CpS boost.
Temporarily. However, when you pop them you get all the cookies they stole back+a bonus. That bonus makes for an effective CpS increase.
Nah that was just cause most of the words in that passage were like 4 letters long and the rest were obvious like "Cmabrigde uinervtisy". Also note how the scramble is easy on purpose as there were only two direct adjacent swaps in the word "Cambridge". If you apply the same algorithm to more legitimate phrases you start to get stumbled up and having to descramble words as you go. I'll go looking for a way to try that...
This is so stupid
The effective power thing has much specialer characters than what this uses, but it’s better than having your app break when somebody uses an umlaut.
If they're actually deleted and not just lying in the trash, for the most part they're gone. No way to delete them more fully without erasing the entire drive as far as I know, and no way to restore them without specialized software. Just make sure nobody else has access to your laptop in future. Oh, and if your laptop has an SSD (as most do) then they're already totally gone. The "deleted files aren't really deleted" thing only applies to HDDs.
I can't believe this made it to my front page
But that's not how focus is supposed to... This image is cursed.
What question?
I legitimately don't understand
Optifine can be a big help. Also try resetting your graphics settings, you've almost certainly got something weird turned on.
The pillow store must have paid a lot for the domain, the prices the guy listed for leasing were in the millions.
This is more of an open-ended question, not really suited here. This might work on /r/askreddit. Looking at your profile you've actually got a specific question you posted to /r/askreddit, so just swap the subs and see what happens.
I think that in multiplayer games there's no excuse, but in singleplayer ones it really comes down to whether it enhances or ruins your enjoyment of the game.
Better for a smoke detector to alarm every time you cook than be silent when your house is on fire. However, if you're willing to spend some money, there is a smart smoke detector I've heard of: the Nest Protect.
Nope. Just the little medal. And before you ask, this also applies to karma, and gold rewards stack infinitely.
From what I've heard, all the stories are fake but you're supposed to pretend they're real to maintain the spooky atmosphere, or something.
Relax your eyes as if to look behind their head, and let their eyes slide together in your vision until you see three, with one clear one in the middle you're looking right at. Same way you look at magic eye images. At this point, your left eye is looking directly into their right (left for you), and vice versa. I can't guarantee this works, though it should in theory, because I have never tested it on account of it probably making you look like a madman.
In case you need yet another explanation, I guessed by process of elimination. They're all rotationally symmetrical, which rules out F,G,H, and C. And none of them have lonely dots, ruling out A, E, and B, leaving only D.
Your definition of cheating is rather different to mine. Same with a ruleset. When playing a game, it doesn't really matter what the designer put down as the rules of the game, as the rules you end up following at the table or keyboard may be vastly different. Like stacking +4s in UNO. By ruleset, I'm talking the group's agreed on "this is how we're playing the game" ruleset. If the group has agreed "we're playing with mods", then that is your ruleset and as long as everybody plays within it nobody is cheating. Of course, in a singleplayer game you include the designer's intent to make your ruleset so you actually have a definition of cheating (making it tempting to extend this definition to multiplayer), but mods have designers too, and they too write out rules. The group, too, can be a designer and design rulesets. Ok, I'm tired right now and probably rambling, but you get my philosophy. Not sure what you mean by "cheat codes", as they seem to be a counter example to the idea that "designer's intent" decides rulesets. Obviously the designers put the cheat codes in there, so what makes them cheating?
Doesn’t the remaining launcher swap to one of the colours consistently when the other is broken?
Nope, that doesn't work either! "You" is an adjective here, not a noun, so you can't say "You is win" and you can't chain adjectives like that without an "and".
They gain cookies as a set % of your CpS. However, because each wrinkler (when popped) provides 1.1x the *total* amount eaten while it's alive, not just by it, having more wrinklers is much better. A ring of 10 (without heavenly upgrades) is actually an effective CpS multiplier of *six*.
It is! If you want lines to be closer together you can also put two spaces before each enter instead of hitting enter twice.
Does anybody know what the cutoff last time was for the AUS/NZ region? There's less players overall but only the top 199 get the reward.
Hot is available on every subreddit and uses a fairly simple algorithm where posts gain rankings for points and fall over time. Best, despite the name, has nothing to do with upvote ratios. It’s called that because it’s the “best” sort. It’s a much more complicated version of hot that accounts for comments, size of the subreddit, and whether you’ve seen the post already among other things.
My one question here is why Hornet is supposed to be a spider despite clearly not having 8 limbs...
I imagine the "press button" message is so you don't sit there for an awkwardly long amount of time before realising the game's not going to start on its own. Or perhaps to give you an opportunity to quit the game if you never really wanted to open it, or just savour that title art for as long as you like.
They're "orangered", according to the reddit brand guidelines, stylesheet, and that one april fools from ages back. Also from that april fools downvotes are "periwinkle".
&gt; Or perhaps to give you an opportunity to quit the game if you never really wanted to open it, or just savour that title art for as long as you like. Moving off the title screen to a boring main menu automatically is somewhat annoying.
?
...how have I never noted that before?
We knew some form of adventure with hornet as a playable character was coming, but until the reveal trailer everybody thought it was going to be a paid DLC rather than a whole new game.
I think it makes for a cool sort of decision to make, and while I did get lost often because I immediately ditched the charm it made that extra slot feel well earned.
The 2nd phase of that guy is basically a prank phase, cause you're lead to believe that you've already defeated him after the first. I barely scraped by the first phase at first and then immediately died to the second after getting a drink of water. It was a little annoying, sure, but it was pretty damn funny. A worthwhile addition, I think.
Personally I'm waiting on playable Zote
Wouldn't this meme flow better if you replaced "No one: " with "Somebody: dies"?
Well, stabbed in theory.
Somebody needs to make a cymbal emoji proposal to Unicode...
Seemingly there's no real vaild answer, but the question implies there must be one, so with no knowledge it's reasonable to assume the answer has a 1/3 chance of being 25%, 50%, or 0%. As for picking "randomly", the fact that A and C are the same wouldn't make a reasonable person any more likely to pick the right one. So you'd then have a 1/3 chance of picking the right answer. Obviously 1/3 isn't an option, which makes it tempting to say that 0% is your mandated right answer, but that takes us right back to 1/3 again. If I got this question on a test, I'd pick 0% because any kind of madman who sets up a question like this probably not going to accept any answer at all.
Look I know I shouldn't be getting involved in slap fights on these comment threads but he's got a point. What does it concern you if somebody else has a tattoo you find foolish? Why must you insult them for it? And what on earth do you mean by "don't blame me for it"? He's not blaming you for anything. You should rethink your last two comments.
I’m not sure on exact numbers, but I imagine it’d be a *lot*. Raspberry Pi’s are really underpowered, and Bitcoin is an expensive currency to mine directly.
From outside the atmosphere, with no protection? You'd freeze to death. It's cold up there.
None exist, as far as I know. But if you have their full address, old fashioned mail might just work.
u/nwordcountbot u/manawesome326
Yes?
I’m guessing nocebo. Especially as you said you first noticed it on one phone, but then started getting it more and more: that’s because you’re *expecting* it. And how only you noticed the weirdness and not your dad. There’s been experiments showing similar things before. One found that, just by dressing up in a labcoat and claming that regular objects (e.g a doorknob IIRC) had “strange properties”, people started actually finding strange properties about the objects, like feeling warm or smelling weird. What I’m suggesting is that this has happened to you, seeing as you wanted to attribute the weirdness to “radiation”.
It’s RIGHT-TO-LEFT OVERRIDE in Unicode. Not Arabic, but used with it for compatibility sometimes.
Well, it tells the text renderer to reverse all the upcoming text until it hits a LEFT-TO-RIGHT OVERRIDE or a break. Unicode has a few other control characters like it. Copy-pasting it may be hard as it has zero width, though.
Console only, too. It's good to have both.
Only bring it up if somebody comments on the shirt, I'd say. Otherwise you might look a little too keen.
Realistically your parents are unlikely to go to such lengths. Traffic could be monitored from the router, but otherwise is private. If you have a good VPN then nobody can see it.
It's possible to put an image on imgur without making it public. The site design does not exactly make this intuitive, however. The people who browse imgur (*shudder*) either don't understand that people are making photos public accidentally due to their website's horrible design, or just don't like it anyway, and so mercilessly downvote you.
Last time I went in there half the books were large, black, and silver. I think it's a kind of Batesian mimicry.
Same as when you’re wearing a prescription that’s too high: everything looks sharper than should be possible, but very distorted and it really hurts your eyes. It won’t make their vision blurry.
Could happen, but evolution is *very* slow and there would have to be some benefit for it. Through gene editing, maybe.
It's just some random password they've picked up from a data breach. Check [here](https://haveibeenpwned.com/) to find out exactly which one it's from. When a breach comes out like this sending out thousands of these emails is a common strategy, if the password doesn't happen to be your email password (for that would make it all too easy). Just change your password anywhere you're using that one, and if you really want to be paranoid run a malware scan.
Teleportation like that can't really be accomplished, so this is more a thought experiment than a physics question. But I'd say there's no problem here: after all, teleporting is just like moving but with a bigger step, and you move around without being in two places at once just fine. But if you want to bend the rules of "instantly", you can imagine things progressing as a series of "ticks", like in video games. The real world doesn't work like this, but you can't teleport in the real world so it's fine. In video games, time usually flows in small steps, called ticks, one at a time. Each tick occurs instantly, and it differs but let's say they happen 30 times a second. If you teleport under this system at an instant speed, you'd vanish from your position at the end of one tick and reappear at the beginning of the next. No time passes during this, but you're never in two places at once. You could say it's not really instant as you have to wait for around a 60th of a second to do it each time, but that's just a windup. The tick itself is instantaneous.
burned
Good guess. They are.
I believe not. The mentions only seem to resolve when a comment is first posted, and only up to three per comment. Also, you can't tag the person you're replying to directly.
I tried the hookshot earlier but somehow only just realized how you're actually supposed to use it. I'm dumb.
What shape would you prefer?
“Best” is a fancy, front page only sort that takes more factors into account than Hot, like comments, subreddit size, your own engagement with the subreddit, what posts you’ve already seen... Hot on the front page is just like the sort for subreddits, with all your subs thrown together. And Best on comments has *nothing* to do with Best on the front page, btw.
Sometimes other people post comments in between you loading the page and posting yourself. Also, more comments with the same opinion gives the impression of a consensus.
Ethics aside I have to wonder *why* you'd send a child first.
Mishaps complications explosions and deaths can happen on any space journey. Thus why Nixon had a speech planned just in case the Apollo 11 astronauts got stranded on the moon. It wouldn't be worth covering up 'practice' missions just to decrease the odds of a televised failure.
There's going to be plenty of testflights, just like Apollo: testing the rockets unmanned, testing them out manned, going all the way to mars and then turning around and coming right back home (probably; they did it for Apollo at least), etc. But they're all going to get televised and announced! No sense in making it look like they're getting nothing done.
Actually I think OP might *be* the 8 year old. This could be a call for help!
This... isn't actually true. Nobody has the image processing power to sift through *literally billions* of hours of footage *per hour* just to show some slightly better ads. Not to mention that this would: 1. Activate the webcam light in any competently designed device 2. Use a suspicious amount of processing power, thus making it easily noticed and uncovered by techies (which so far has not happened) 3. Be extremely illegal, making it quite possibly require the biggest cover-up of all time. Ad networks do a lot of tracking. Google, for example, which seemingly serves all the web's ads, can already see *basically everything* you do online. And they use this to target ads to you quite effectively! But, for legal reasons, not only can you delete things you've done from your history you can also turn this ad-targeting off. What you're suggesting is true is... perhaps the biggest conspiracy theory of all time. And it's generally not a good idea to go around coming up with those.
As long as when you download a font it's a .ttf or .otf file, you're fine. If you download a font and it's an exe, run.
I learnt from a post on this subreddit that if you stand in just the right spot and fire at just the right angle, you can take out a Stinger with just one shot from a Grizzco Slosher. But I'm not nearly clever enough to do that so I'd always prefer getting one of the other Grizzco weapons that lets you just fire shots wildly and mow through everything!
[Found the post!](https://www.reddit.com/r/splatoon/comments/bl330v/psa_how_to_one_shot_kill_a_stinger_with_the/). Looks like doing a straight vertical is one of the options.
This is my biggest complaint about the switch, actually. *Why doesn't it do the click on startup??*
It's impossible to google anything related to Ring Fit Adventure because it has heaps of coverage on random news sites but no dedicated forums.
Ah, and sarcasm is of course very easy to identify over the internet.
I wasn't a huge fan of the campaign either, but Octo Expansion is much better and definitely worth it imo.
That's right!
Wdym Ring Fit Adventure isn't a fitness game?
They're both fantastic games, and I want to recommend Splatoon because I prefer it myself, *but* because you already have one Shooty game and you're on a Switch Lite, I'd recommend Smash Bros over Splatoon. Splatoon is a fair bit harder to control in handheld in my experience.
Both of them are used in Ring Fit Adventure actually. Though, this is the first use of the IR sensor to play scissors-paper-rock, despite it being mentioned all the way back when the Switch was first revealed. Still waiting on a game that lets me hold a glass with ice cubes in it.
Why would they pick symbols that look identical to eachother if rotated though?
1-2 Switch put balls inside the Joycon to demonstrate HD rumble, and used the IR sensor for "eating contest", but there was a complete and disappointing lack of ice cubes and scissors-paper-rock.
We really shouldn't... but our government isn't doing a great job at funding the fire service.
Generally reddit users will leave the twitter name in the screenshot in order to provide credit. Instagram users never do this, and worse still they're actually making money out of it.
Hah, everybody on here was talking about math and I figured it could be simpler. Though if you want to see it visually (with a little bit of math), [here's](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/q9r6soancc) a graph of it. Red is Celsius, blue is Fahrenheit, and green is Kelvin because why not. The x (horizontal) axis is the temperature in Celsius. You can see that Fahrenheit and Celsius only intersect in one place, at -40.
I'm afraid not, the y intercept of Fahrenheit on this graph is 32, because 32°F is 0°C (where Fahrenheit crosses the y axis). But to be honest I had to google to make sure that I wasn't thinking of the x intercept before making this comment.
White is the result of all light waves being reflected regardless of colour. And even then, not all. Black is all different colours of light being absorbed... but not *all* of the rays of light. Just most, and regardless of their colour. Grey is just some light being absorbed, and some being reflected, no matter what colour they are.
For maximum security, this is true... but if you can remember all your passwords, it's unlikely that they're secure enough.
Whatever works, right?
There's a border around the symbols on some of them. But it took me a good minute to figure that out myself! Not to mention that it's difficult to tell if there is a border on the radioactive ones.
Mine seems to scroll back *really* far. Though it doesn't show people from Tetris 99 at all...
Yeah, wtf is going on with the timestamp on the first message?
Seems you're experiencing a little-known phenomenon known as "climate change".
It's Bernband!
It does? What's the difference?
Definitely go to an optometrist. Likely either you'll be able to see clearly with glasses or get LASIK if they're too much of a hassle.
I've gotten it to recognize me as sprinting both when I'm taking small steps fast and big ones. My advice is to calibrate slow jogging to be basically as slow as it'll let you make it.
Aren't consoles just, like, computers with extra steps? How come it's impossible to use Java somehow?
On Java you can mostly fix the graphics issues with Optifine though (once it comes out for 1.15 anyway), and if your PC is up to it you can use shaders to make it look even better. Which points to another important difference between Bedrock and Java, being that on Java there's so much more possibility for modification to the game.
Imagine having to pick a belief with no information whatsoever *this post made by agnostic gang*
Of course, anecdotal evidence is no proof; using it is a slippery slope to people jumping in and saying "it's still cold here so climate change hoax Q.E.D". But you're right, that is definitely climate change. Hottest record temperatures are being broken all over, especially here in Australia...
Second column's got a border around the symbols, though I don't blame you for not seeing it it's really hard to spot.
Just setting a reminder for 23 years in the future in case you're married with 2 kids. But it looks like RemindMeBot isn't functioning.
Personally I actually find disconnected single joycons to be the most confortable for single player. It allows your hands to be in different positions, which is actually much more comfortable for me than having to bring them together.
You're definitely going to want an SD card, depending on how many games you're planning to purchase digital. Buying digital games is much more convenient so it's likely to be most of them. As for controllers, everybody seems to be suggesting the pro controller. Personally, I've never used it (so take my opinion with a grain of salt), but I find two disconnected Joycons to be more comfortable than any single controller I've ever used. So just keep in mind that you don't *need* a pro controller. If you buy a second set of joycons instead, that'll allow you to go all the way up to 4 players with games that support it. In terms of games, Mario Kart and Smash Bros are likely to both be great for your scenario. 1-2 Switch is also always popular with kids. Mario Party maybe, but it hasn't got as much content as earlier Mario Party games and hasn't got great reviews, so your mileage may vary. Though if your kids are really excited for it who are you to disappoint them :). Oh, and always be diligent about making everybody wear the wrist straps when doing anything involving motion controls. You don't want a joy-con flying at great speed through your TV.
1. Yes, that is correct. 2. You've got sugar baking and less than 100 sugar lumps. 3. Try harvesting meddleweed... it might just be more useful than it seems.
You can always PM the account. But there's just something special about getting an anonymous message delivered by u/reddit itself.
I imagine this is incorrect, but wouldn't that make the glacier harder to melt, functioning as a sort of sunscreen?
Right, that makes sense.
If you act very bot-like then click on the audio Captcha option, google will serve you this message: &gt; Your computer or network may be sending automated queries. To protect our users, we can't process your request right now. For more details visit our [help page](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/faq#my-computer-or-network-may-be-sending-automated-queries). I also remember once while using Tor browser that Google got so suspicious of me it wouldn't even let me attempt normal Captchas, but I may be misremembering and can't reproduce this right now. Google at least seems to be a lot nicer to Tor users now.
Complete the campaign that comes with the game first. If you liked it, or at least would have liked it if it weren't for how frustrating running out of lives is, get Octo Expansion.
That doesn't answer the question and you haven't even backed up your irrelevant comment with any kind of source.
Nope, just singleplayer content. Though it is very good singleplayer content...
As far as I can tell, [this](https://twitter.com/kijakun/status/711745628590710785) is the source of these images. They sadly have no insight to offer on them.
If you can't beat em, join em!
Inking large swaths of the map is only really a useful ability in Turf War. And Turf War isn't ranked or really played seriously, so it wouldn't matter that much.
It's for the ColorADD "brand" I believe, same reason the key is *massive* and includes the completely unnecessary explanation of how the symbols are devised.
Japanese isn't right-to-left when typed, but some languages are! Unicode (the way computers should be encoding and dealing with text) has full support for right-to-left languages, like Arabic: يونيكود لديه دعم للغات من اليمين إلى اليسار أيضا It also has support for mixing RTL and LTR on the same line, though this can cause problems sometimes. And it's impossible to mention RTL and Unicode without mentioning one of the most fun Unicode characters, the right-to-left override. It's used to fix text formatting in the cases where mixing RTL and LTR goes wrong. Type it in somewhere and [paste] ‮everything after it comes out backwards! At least, backwards to our perspective.
His response to the whole thing has been... not great to say the least.
"Do you know why I pulled you over?" "Click frenzy, officer"
How do you know they haven't?
An IP address cannot be used for much in the way of hacking unless you have some sort of terrible security flaw on your home network. Which is unlikely.
Except of course the government really should *have* had some money put aside, as scientists tried to warn them this was coming. But no...
Nope, Minecraft supports this resource pack without Optifine.
The One True Cookie Clicker has not been out for mobile for a long time. So whatever one you played was almost certainly a clone, I am afraid.
Even if we do pick up on a signal, interpreting it could be hard. We'd likely figure out if there was more to it than just random noise, but TV signals are complicated. It would be very difficult to reverse-engineer the encoding for a video broadcast. If it was just plain audio, on the other hand... radio is pretty simple, so we might just be able to figure it out!
I think light blue just looks kinda purply sometimes. Weird.
Brownish-green to me. Could be something weird with the lighting?
People are much more likely to comment "I have depression" than "I don't have depression". The latter is implied, so you're not counting it and not noticing how it's the vast majority.
Climate change, largely. We weren't prepared enough for the fires too, as our PM just doesn't like talking about global warming... so we went into this fire season as if it'd be "business as usual", and then it wasn't.
What? Climate change has made the temperatures down here *way* worse. And when the air is hotter and dryer... fires burn bigger and faster. This is *no normal fire season*. But the way we prepared for this one was the *same*.
Ping me if this guy gives you the source :)
As far as I can tell, nothing. It's all just fancy clickbait terms, there's no actual set definition of what any of it means. Technically speaking, all of these videos are just 3D audio with a fancy name.
Comes from Vaporwave. I believe the origin is the way English characters are typeset when they're mixed with Japanese - ｆｕｌｌｗｉｄｔｈ Of course, people couldn't be bothered to properly go hunting for fullwidth characters, so they just added the spaces to emulate the effect. For comparison: n o t f u l l w i d t h
Sorry, *what*
&gt; NASA and the IPCC say that current weather trends aren’t a result of global warming Do you have a source on this? Or are you just regurgitating what your own personal echo chamber has fed you? Yes, there have been fires in Australia in the past. Our fire hazard system doesn't go below "Moderate" for a reason. **But never have they been this bad**. The air quality in Canberra rose above 4,000, which is the worst it has *ever* been. Record temperatures are being broken. Over a thousand destroyed homes. Hundreds of millions of wild animals have been killed. Mate, come down here and tell me this is a normal fire season. And not just this fire season, things have been getting worse. Why do you think this is? Are you about to claim that climate scientists are the ones out there lighting fires? And what agenda? What could the point possibly be? Who benefits if we avoid putting more carbon into our atmosphere? Well, *everyone*, but what are you thinking?
Ooh, we've done *a* brain! The entire connectome of a *C. Elegans* (roundworm) nervous system has been completed. Turns out you can actually look at it yourself [here](http://browser.openworm.org/). Next on the list is [apparently](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/c-elegans-connectome/) a Fruit Fly and a mouse brain. There's also some work being done on a [Zebrafish](https://blog.eyewire.org/mystic-zebrafish-update/) because... it's fun, I guess, and of course the Human brain. But the Human brain is massive. We're a long way off fully mapping one, and it might be too big to gain any insight on. Worms, flies, mice and Zebrafish are being used because their brains are at least relatively small. Oh, and this is sort of a plug, but if you want to help out on some Mouse retina mapping (and maybe Zebrafish if you do *very* well)... check out [Eyewire](https://eyewire.org).
&gt; environmentalist arsonists What?
But... this guy said 200, and the phrase "environmentalist arsonists" contradicts itself.
Ah yes, there's been terrible arson weather recently. Arson levels are off the charts. It's a global emergency actually. We've actually seen record breaking arson temperatures... like, they've got flamethrowers now... If it needs to be said, /s. Seriously though, it's quite clear how the temperatures have reached record highs while arson... hasn't. There's only been 24 actual confirmed arson cases. The arrests are mostly just idiots who don't pay attention to the total fire bans. Global warming has made the fire season longer, fires easier to start (whether by humans on purpose, by accident, or by dry lightning), and fires spread faster... And the leap in logic from "fires have been caused by arson not climate change" to "the arsonists are environmentalists" is... well, ridiculous.
The earth is naturally heating up a little, but we're out here heating it up a *lot*. As for the fires, it's really been a perfect storm. But global warming has undoubtedly had an impact. The fire season's gotten longer, fires have become more likely to start, harder to put out, and they're spreading faster. All because of the record-breaking temperatures.
Is this a hypothetical question or are you asking because you think you may need to? If it's the latter, why so?
Here's the problem. I'm going to hazard a guess that neither of us know what we're talking about. We can't seriously say to have read these articles, with their big science words, and to have seriously judged them on their accuracy. No, instead we look at them and think "Hmmmm, sounds about right...". This is why you say you've "found valid research on both sides" and "my evidence is no better than yours" - because you're not a climate scientist. You can't tell what research is better, so you assume it's all just as good. So what can we do? It helps to stop thinking about "sides". Because, remember, one "side" just so happens to be an overwhelming majority by people who do know what they're talking about - unlike us. If they were wrong, then that's a 97% failure rate for published research. Which seems rather unlikely.
Ooh, an oppurtunity for me to link the [CGP grey video on nocebos](https://youtube.com/watch?v=O2hO4_UEe-4)! And for good measure a more specific [fact check](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-07-17/wind-farms-david-leyonhjelm-fact-check/6553746) on this exact topic. TL;DW/R: wind farms definitely don't give you cancer. Nobody's claiming that, it's ridiculous. They may make you sick, but not for the reason you'd expect - and only if you think they're going to!
Well go on then. Show some evidence! Show me these 200 papers, and show me why they're against Anthropogenic Climate Change. Find somebody who knows what they're talking about explain why that property of CO2 makes global warming impossible. Explain how and why data collection sites are "compromised". Where are you getting this information from? Is it the best possible source? And riddle me this, why are you laying blame on the "government" when our own bloody government doesn't want people to believe in climate change because it keeps them in power? You cannot seriously be claiming climate change is a government conspiracy when governments today won't listen to it.
&gt; respondent sample size was 3,146 and at least 2,986 said the human role was largely nonexistent. Can I get a source on this? For what it's worth, [here](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1748-9326/8/2/024024) is a nice study I've found on the issue. Not the one you're talking about - but the same conclusion.
Look, if you want to just bat back and forth forever with links to studies neither of us understand, that's fine. [Here's mine](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1748-9326/11/4/048002). It may take years, but you shall run out first - and neither of us will have learnt anything. I merely want you to back up your *own* claims, rather than constantly introducing new ones.
If I worked on a game and got it on Steam, and then steam went down, I'd be happy with an increased amount of piracy in exchange for everybody who bought my game still being able to play it. Might even save money on support tickets from people trying to access the game again.
I've made the mistake of arguing with you lot and thus reading your materials, so yes. But again, stop throwing new arguments in. Support your own claims.
Saying "no one knows" for an issue like this is unhelpful. And untrue. As it so happens, a lot of people know, and for most of them, what they know is the agreed upon consensus. We cannot sit back and think "ah, nobody really knows about climate change, so no point doing anything...". That is how we die. Of course, science is not maths. In science, nothing is ever 100% certain. But when it comes to this... and when it comes to 97% certainty... well, better safe than sorry? Even if the whole thing turns out to be one big mistake/practical joke/government conspiracy, we will still have gained.
Your first source claims that the correct percentage is 94.9% - hardly an incredible difference. Your second one mentions a lot of things, but all as far as I can tell claiming a majority of scientists are on board with Climate Change. Neither back up your claim.
Bullshit. u/already-taken-wtf has a nice explanation, but there's something I want to add: 'Aboriginal' is not a language. There are actually [a couple hundred](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Aboriginal_languages) Australian Aboriginal languages. Aboriginal Australians are not all one group. There are in fact [many](http://nationalunitygovernment.org/pdf/aboriginal-australia-map.pdf).
&gt; at least 2,986 said the human role was largely nonexistent My mistake, *this* is the claim that was organically sourced. Nowhere does it say that *every respondent* who was not a climate scientist 'said the human role was largely nonexistent'.
No human being can draw a cup across the table towards them without some sort of rigging (fishing line perhaps) or editing. Some amount of preparation definitely went into this video; he didn't just sit down at a restaurant and start doing that. But beyond that, it could be anything. Personally I'm going to guess it's just props, fishing line, and slight of hand, but that's just a hunch from me.
You're not even the same bot what is happening I'm scared
*Mimes drawing hangman board* "Alright, 5 letters" "Is there... an a?" *drawing line* "No a"
From what I've read the main compelling factor of Sims is brutally torturing and murdering your Sims which there is a little bit of in Minecraft, but not nearly as much.
Climate change has made the conditions much hotter and drier, leading to a longer, more intense fire season.
Sounds like $5,000 per person, which, if 2,400 homes have been destroyed makes at least $12,000,000 spent on that in total (if everybody submits an application). But, obviously, the remaining $23,000,000 is being spent on other things!
If the region on your old physical copy was the same as the region your eshop is set to, you should be fine.
Classic reddit crossplay problems
...That's the American Red cross. Different thing, different management of donations.
The important difference is that in Minecraft they seem to be perfectly fine with it. Usually.
Any laptop really. Doesn't matter, if all you need is those basic features.
It's clearly got a focus on that sort of thing (those are the PCs people generally bother to build). This user has $200 and they just want a basic laptop - so, it's going to be a lot easier to just buy one rather than doing a build. And sometimes I downvote because people break the subreddit rule of not just dropping links with no explanation.
*unless your parents are insane
Your parents can't see your Google search queries anyway (they'e sent encrypted). They can still see the domain name of the sites you're going to, however. A VPN will stop that.
But we're... it's... he just said it right here
On the internet, nobody knows who you are. Probably anyway.
It stopped being stressful about 30 seconds in when I realized that with my incredibly good teammates and the Grizzco weapons there was no way we could fail. We almost still *did*, though... Congrats on your win as well! What rank were you in SR?
Makes it look cheaper than it actually is. People tend to think of the 5 at the front rather than the $60 it really costs. edit: f i v e
You ain't seen nothing yet. The square posts are honestly one of my favourite parts of the game.
Thankfully I miraculously avoided seeing that one
Good bot
*How*
One of them was called "Mr Grizz" and he was incredible, so I don't doubt it!
Wonder how she found about it? Sounds to me like that brand just started a a big advertising campaign. Probably targeted towards your general location, and maybe demographics that you and your landlord share. Discounting any theories about your phone listening to you or conspiring with your landlord's phone to show you the same ads (why would they even want to do that?), that alone is enough for the coincidence to happen.
Optifine just get from the official website and you'll be good. Shaders, make sure they're .zip files and just dump them in your shaders folder without unpacking them.
I mean... how do you get over a million turf inked with a weapon and still lose most of your games with it?
Smoke.
1. Depends on how shitty your internet is. It's a few GB, so 40m+ isn't unreasonable. 2. Depends on how much stuff you're going to install under the Ubuntu system. The OS itself doesn't take up too much room. If you're planning on installing big programs with Ubuntu, you might want more space. Of course, you should leave empty space for your normal installation too... 3. You flash the .iso to an external USB, leave it plugged in, reboot your computer, hold some obscure button combo as it boots up (differs by OS and model I believe), which opens a menu that lets you select which drive to boot from, select the USB drive, then follow the guided installation, making sure to select to dual-boot and partition your hard drive accordingly... you know what, there are guides, probably just look up a guide.
Clarification: the cloud is physical hard drives that *somebody else* owns.
And vice versa you're also got video games that *are* art museums!
Just did a quick experiment on this, sorry to say it’s not true. Played a turf war game with the clash blaster, lost miserably, still at 0.0. I’ve also got weapons on 0.5. edit: Also just tried to use the dynamo roller, which I had at 0.5, failed again (I’m bad at heavy weapons) and dropped to 0!
My guess is that 'meletharb' is a rare enough word that Google has somehow decided it's an alternate spelling of 'cravings', and doesn't have enough data to decide otherwise. How that happens I have absolutely no idea.
Running straight for the further eggs was a true galaxy brain move. I would have never thought to attempt that!
That "john calling" image is definitely darker than the model's hand
Supplements generally don't work (outside of placebo) if you already have enough of that thing - and if you're eating a normal diet you probably do. Some of them are just snake oil, though. Caffeine is the odd one out in that list to me because it does definitely have effects! It's not like a vitamin or nutrient where either you have enough and you're fine or you're deficient and it's bad. Caffeine is just a drug - don't take it, nothing happens, do take it, something probably happens. It's well established that in most people caffeine makes them more alert, stay awake longer, etc. Also when taken with painkillers it makes them more effective in some people for some reason.
Oh wait you're the guy who made the comment. I guess you've only ever used it in ranked for some reason, then?
There have been great losses, but Australia is a big place. The fire season will end, and we will recover.
¡ǝɹɐ noʎ 'uʍop ǝpᴉsdn ʇou ɯ,I
Anything to bring the pain of that voice line to smash would be amazing edit: *Voice* line? I might have been a little tired when making this comment.
That would be cool, but I really feel like the fighters pass should be limited to 3rd-party characters from series that don't already have smash representation. We saw what happened last time...
That kid needs to up his rumour game. Seriously, the first two are easily disproved and the second two contradict each other. Delete your social medias, if you need it. You may need your true friend to stand up against the rumours, then. You'll get through this :)
Having less time than she does means that sadly you cannot use my recommended strategy of training in World of Light (the singleplayer mode) an incredible amount. So if you can't do that, my advice is to just get really familiar with one character. Learn what all their moves do, how they control, etc.. You probably won't use all of their moves, and you'll probably never end up using shield at all (at the casual level hardly anybody can be bothered), so just figure out what you can do. I also have three specific tips, based purely on what people seem to mess up the most: 1. If you use the same attack over and over again, it'll get less powerful. So you'll want to get good at using at least three of them, so you can switch it up. 2. If you fall off the map, *use your up-b*. Yes, it's simple advice but if you forget how to do this, you'll die. 3. When you start glowing, final smash is activated by hitting b *without moving*. If you're putting in directions at the same time you'll do a special move instead. Learn what your final smash does for your character, and where you need to stand in order to hit your opponent with it. Some of them are harder to use than others, but if you use it correctly you should almost always be able to take your opponent down a stock.
After reaching level 99 you can "prestige" (don't know what it's called) which resets your number to 1 but puts a star after it. But in my experience leveling up is very slow compared to the huge scores of sea snails you could get from splatfests...
No problem! Smash is a deep game, so don't be afraid to look up the wiki or guides for help. Whatever character you pick there's going to be a lot of guides on how to use it well, but you can always develop your own style. There's a good amount of help available within the game too. Good luck! Just don't get too good ;)
Video games do the rules-keeping for you, but that doesn’t mean that you don’t have to understand the rules! In a lot of games gaining understanding of the systems and rules is important to strategy. Sure, some video games are definitely more thinky than others, but very very few are so simplistic that I think they’d make you dumber.
PSA for everybody showing up here now, OP has only deleted the post, not their account. edit: [nothing happened](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/epz8wl/my_parents_said_they_needed_to_have_a_talk_with_me/feu7yo8/)
1. Not until Nintendo releases their next major console imo. 2. Nintendo doesn't often have sales for their games outside of big events/holidays. Probably not any time soon, but this one I'm unsure about. 3. The game comes with a good-length singleplayer campaign that is... okay. It mostly serves to teach you all of the mechanics in the game, how to use different weapons, etc. Octo Expansion is much better, but obviously you have to pay extra for it.
It'd be absurdly difficult to write stuff on Nintendo's proprietary cartridges, and it'd also be difficult to have something on the cartridge break out of whatever sandboxing the Switch puts games through... and for what gain? It really just doesn't sound like it'd be worth the effort.
Most of the big successful ones are designed to extract information or money. But some are just made by amateurs for fun, usually designed to not actually permanently damage anything. Either way, I doubt that anybody would make a virus targeted at the Nintendo's Switch that needs to be loaded onto cartridges one-by-one.
Ah, welcome to Australian matchmaking.
Works on anyone that asks you weird questions. "Good heavens, would you look at the time‽"
what is *happening* in this thread
I have the same problem, but only sometimes. Usually I find I can get around it by scrolling down some of the way with the right stick, when the left one gets stuck. That'll get you far enough through the options to test your joysticks/touchscreen.
You know, putting the title in actual Title Case would have helped a *lot*
Ad hominem will get us nowhere in this discussion.
&gt; are they schizophrenic? You've only gone and given an example of using a plural pronoun to refer to a singular person of unknown gender in your comment bashing the concept. I'm impressed.
You specified `some one` earlier in the sentence - if you'd said 'some people', then you'd be using 'they' as plural. But 'some one' is clearly a selection of an arbitrary single person from the group. Not sure what you mean by "define who you're referring to" there. Pronouns have this inherent problem where when you have multiple people with the same one in a sentence, you do sometimes have to define who you're referring to. 'They', being a sort of neutral catch-all pronoun, could have this problem, or it could help mitigate it in the case where you have three people with explicit pronouns (one of which is they), but it doesn't really matter. What does matter is that 'they' has basically always been used for singular people of unknown or irrelevant gender. You did it yourself, we all do without even realising it. And even if it hadn't and we didn't, prescriptivism is no way to deal with English nowadays. The language changes faster than the dictionaries. Say things however you like. If people understand you, and they don't hate you for it, it's good enough.
Maybe with 10 more minutes you would have learned that nobody is in charge of the English language. Except, of course, for those who speak it. So do not be afraid to say things which some dictionaries haven't written down yet! After all, all words are made up.
That's not that they did, though... that's just your interpretation of the comment based on your bias towards those two subreddits. It's perfectly clear that they're probably not going to argue in good faith anyway, so no point getting involved at all.
It's not based on a mathematical formula, just how close humanity generally seems to be to disaster. You can read the full rationale for each time on the [website for it](https://thebulletin.org/doomsday-clock/current-time/).
You've got 0 comment karma. Reddit puts timers on commenting if you have low comment karma overall or negative karma on the sub you're commenting on, and timers on posting for everybody unless you have good post karma on the sub you're posting to. It's meant to prevent spambots from going fast with new accounts. Go around, make some nice/helpful/funny comments on posts, you should have enough karma to comment without limits in a short amount of time.
The "you are doing that too much" timers are imposed by reddit and cannot be controlled by subreddit mods.
Heads up, you've replied to the main post here rather than a reply. Whoever you were trying to thank hasn't been notified, and this comment is lost adrift...
Which one? Oh, and AAA console games are expensive aren't they? In most cases it's a fair price, considering what you get.
Damn, how could I have forgotten about Hollow Knight? Probably one of the best hours/dollar switch games out there.
Password, not SSN. If your bank asks you to put in random digits of your *social security number* to log into your web banking, ***run***.
A repost is when you take some piece of content that has been posted before, and post it again. It’s annoying because reposters often don’t give credit to the original creator and they take up a slot that could be used for something nobody’s seen before. A crosspost is a built in reddit feature that lets you take a post on one sub, and have it listed on another too. With a crosspost, you can see who originally posted it, and to where. It’s a lot more courteous.
If you just want to post one thing to two different subs, and it hasn’t been posted to either before (or anywhere on reddit actually), just post it individually to both. That’s not a repost, just one post in two different places. If you’re getting this topic from a recent reddit post, use the crosspost feature though.
And if the first Kit Kat got rejected!
Apparently it’s only about 1/5, but it is the most widespread geographically. It’s definitely a global language, if not a universal one.
...probably just chocolate filling. Apparently not *all* of the stuff between the wafers is made of ground Kit Kats anyway.
Not my Thing, so this is the only photo I have sadly. It’s very small, only a few centimetres long. The tail end is about the size of an average wingnut wing. This detail could be wrong, but it may have been in this house when the owners moved in, so it’s probably something you wouldn’t bother moving when moving house and at least 5 years old. edit: I might not be able to reply to responses for a while now... but I will get around to them!
Hmm, the thing in that image does look exactly like it, and this lines up with what I know about the house and the circumstances surrounding the object... I can't check to be certain, (at least not for a few weeks at least) but I think you've got it!
Likely solved!
Haunt is respawn punisher for people who die a lot and you can't tell me otherwise. Yes this is coming from somebody who uses it
But these ones don't even *work*
Wait, is your least favourite SMBU or 3DW I'm so confused
Amp is just annoying if you're browsing on a desktop device, or for reddit links (where it messes with the page formatting). When posting links people should always post the purest form of the link anyway: the desktop site link, without tracking stuff on the end.
I liked the spectacle, which is especially nice for easy levels as it gives a sort of point to it. My one problem with the difficulty is how it's a little bit of a trek back if you do manage to get killed. Congrats on 1000 likes! edit: oh yeah, level codes. Here's my level 'Mario forgets his house keys': 9QQ-Q2N-6SG
That boss fight was really cool! Somehow I get the feeling you made the rest of the level as an excuse to use it ;)
Mario forgets his house keys: 9QQ-Q2N-6SG After a long day's work, Mario returns home... only to realise he forgot his house keys! Now he's got to go all the way back for them, and it's getting dark... and as we all know, ~~the level design gets worse~~ all the monsters come out at night. Theme: Super Mario World, normal day/night. Difficulty: I've got no idea what to judge difficulty from. Normal?
When sorting your homepage by Best, I believe it does. At least definitely seems tilted towards the subs I actually browse out of the 200+ I'm subscribed to.
One restaurant where the menu and chefs are constantly rotating sounds like a quality control *nightmare*. If you want a wide variety of foods served in one places what you want is a food court. Hey, sometimes restaurants even go out of business and thus the menu slowly rotates! It's great!
Crap, I had no idea that it was even possible to get in P doors without a P switch! I left the doors there because I thought it looked nice. What's the strategy on making fixes to levels? edit: oh wait magikoopas can just break blocks can't they. Probably should have seen that coming.
Thank you for your sacrifice to science. Unless you just did that anyway, in which case I don't really know what to say
How many files/folders are in it?
Ask somebody working at the school! They're the ones who are enforcing it anyway.
It's super annoying when they just don't quite match up right. But the worst subtitle I've ever seen was "Merci" subtitled as `["THANKS" IN FRENCH]`. Just... why?
It's been 26 days. Honestly a little confused why you're replying now but u/Shadowalker209 we need answers
Jumping on the not colourblind but just wanting to help bandwagon to say: get a colorblindness simulator app. Makes it easy to check!
Emoji may just be the silly little pictures in most cases, but they can hold serious meaning. Some people use them more seriously than others!
50 cases in a world of about 6 billion people outside of China is not many. You probably don't need to start wearing a facemask just yet. Not sure what your source on the man-made virus thing is. Everything I've read blames the bats.
Look, once your source for something is "YouTube comments" you may as well just give up on getting things correct at all :)
Relativity! Well, sort of. When you are moving, you have to measure that motion relative to *something*. Moving in a car, it's the ground. But the ball you are throwing up in the air is not concerned with the position of the ground. The ground is completely irrelevant. From the ball (and your) perspective, the ground may as well be moving instead of the car! You can think of this intuitively with your experiences in, say, planes. Planes go quite fast relative to both the ground and the air around them. But after take-off, they don't accelerate very much. From your seat on a plane, you could close your eyes and imagine that you are completely still, sitting on a chair at home. In reality you really are still, relative to the plane. And when you're at home, you're still relative to the room you're in... but the earth is flying through space at incredible speed! Relative to the sun, of course. And the sun is... you get the point. Everything is moving. But when the speed it moves is constant, it's impossible to tell without measuring relative to something else (which you could also argue is moving). Only when things speed up or slow down (or change direction, or spin) can you really feel it.
Newton's first law of motion. Thing is, what could there be to slow it down? Air resistance doesn't count, the air in the car is moving at the same speed as it.
The 'unachievable' achievement is, in fact, unachievable without cheating. Originally the devs kept patching out the ways people found to do it, but it's been constant for a while. Though personally I believe you're meant to get every other achievement the legitimate way.
The one you press first. In real life, it's not exactly possible to do two things at exactly the same time. Though, some keys have longer for the electrical signals to travel, so they'd go after.
I made the transition from keyboard to 99 by holding the joycons in the wrong hands, so rotation was still left hand and movement was still right. It might work for going the other way around too?
Judging by these comments, am I the only one who has problems with getting detected while doing the overhead hip shake? I had to stop using it after getting reminded to “Make *BiG, wIdE mOtIoNs*” for the 20th time.
...you reported them, right?
The clothes in the shops rotate. As you level up, they start selling better gear (more slots). Get the NSO app, it comes with its own clothing store.
No risk of accidentally setting an alarm for pm instead of am. Although I say that and still managed to set an alarm for 17:00 instead of 07:00 one time.
Your internet speed is limited by the slowest network speed you’re trying to push data through. If this was possible, VPNs could actually speed up your internet rather than slow it down...
Just thank them by responding to the PM and move on with your life
Correction the second, the bot simply PMs you to confirm your reminder if it’s banned on the sub.
Can you send an example of that sort of captcha? They’re all different. I’d guess just going for what looks like it matches the characters the best.
You can pause your subscription repeatedly, indefinitely. You won’t lose access to classic.
Or they just quit for the jokes, and is still at large...
Progress in Getting Over It is getting better at climbing, not getting higher up the mountain. It takes practise but it’s worth it!
So you mean ‘*was* serious’, right?
I hope finding this video will be its own reward for anybody here who wants to attempt it. Or maybe it's more well known than I thought. There's a *chance* I was linked to it off reddit...
I could be a bit off here, as it isn't a flash game and some of the other details are wrong, but is it [The Westport Independent](https://www.coffeestainstudios.com/games/the-westport-independent/)?
I don't know if I like what you're implying here about OP's relationship with aspect ratios
*cue x-files theme*
RemindMe! 6 months
/uj I managed to read the comment before the title of this post or the usernames and I was fully willing to believe that was a human comment. May the bots have mercy on us all.
I'm not sure the earth would survive the ordeal either
Wdym? It’s definitely fun, but at least part of that has to be the endorphins. I can’t imagine it would be a very good game if you did the whole thing with the button controls (assist mode).
You're replying a *little* late here if you want to help me... but in case you want to know what happened to my controllers, the contact cleaner only worked as a very temporary solution. So I ended up buying a new set and only using my original set for Ring Fit. After that, mysteriously enough, my *new* set of controllers started drifting, but my originals now work perfectly fine. Contact cleaner is cheap enough (and I've heard it works for a lot of people) that you should still definitely try it. But if you have intermittent drift like me, and you only ever use one set of joycons, and contact cleaner doesn't work, consider buying a new pair to split the wear between them. Or just do what that other guy suggested and get them repaired that'd probably work too.
I try my best ;)
Crap, looks like I gotta upgrade my glasses prescription...
Especially if you haven't made any horrible security mistakes, it's rather unlikely. But still possible. Putting tape over your webcam (or installing [oversight](https://objective-see.com/products/oversight.html) if you're on mac) doesn't come at a very high cost, so if you want the safety then just go for it.
The argument took an interesting turn further down: &gt; I like how you throw personal insults rather than actually arguing Same commenter, later in literally the same comment: &gt; You are an ignorant and incoherent piece of shit
If all you've got are two fractions (and little idea of what you're actually doing), what else are you going to do with them?
Sadly itch.io purchases can't be gifted after you've bought them as far as I know :( EDIT: oh, actually, if somebody bought or was gifted it without having an itch.io account, then they'd be able to gift it to somebody by just sending them the link to the download page. Which is possible!
Unmodifiable how?
Ah, well. The thing is, no device can (usually) be *forced* to run, or not run, any piece of code. Sometimes that does happen, but it's a pretty big security problem, because that code could be doing all sorts of malicious things. Typically, code will be ran because it asked nicely. So, the Cookie Clicker servers could ask the browser to run a piece of code that makes sure that the game's code is unmodified, before putting your score on the leaderboard. The browser then could of course, thanks to a little add-on (running code provided by the user), just *not* run that code, or run it and disregard the result, or tell that piece of code that the game's code is perfectly fine when it very well isn't... and then turn around and tell the leaderboard server that it has 1.7976931348623157*10^308 cookies, or anything really.
"Dwarfs" is a generally accepted medical term for people with dwarfism. "Dwarves" is the plural used in The Lord of the Rings.
Vegtables?
Looks fine to me tbh
3\. Both!
Parts of the costume at eye level are semi-transparent, and that makes it much easier for the performer to see out than for people to see in. Based on my experience with one (1) costume of this type using black fabric to hide the performer, I imagine that in Barney's case they'd just look out the mouth as you guessed.
Additionally, if they were another way we probably wouldn't be here to wonder about why they were that way.
If you get desperate, you could try [working your way down this list](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/blob/master/Passwords/Common-Credentials/four-digit-pin-codes-sorted-by-frequency-withcount.csv).
There's no real way that receiving a compliment could give your sister a fever, aside from nocebo. But if you want to be sure, you could run a science experiment! First record whether or not your sister gets a fever after a good number of your mom's friend's visits. Remember to be impartial, and to keep things blinded try not to tell your sister what you're doing. Although that may make you seem a little weird so you probably should anyway. Then, ask your mom's friend to stop complimenting your sister every time she visits, for science! Repeat the recording process, and see if there's a big difference in your data! Actually, you'd probably want to mix the compliment and no-compliment trials together at random. So maybe ask your mom's friend to choose randomly each time, and tell you beforehand.
If you send a DM to `r/reddit.com` (which I know doesn't look like a normal subreddit or username, but that's how you contact the admins) and ask politely, they might just take pity on you. They probably won't, but it's worth a shot!
A lot of the technology that's been developed since then legitimately improves quality of life. And living in 2020, you have a lot more to experience too! The cool things you could do without technology haven't gone away. There's nothing stopping you from meeting friends in person, if you wish. A lot of people would feel the same as you, I think. The thing is, people from back then seemed to lead such awesome lives because they only remember and talk about the good bits. They don't talk about the boredom, or the prejudice, or the death by preventable diseases. Nostalgia can be misleading! Oh, and as a Gen Z there's one thing you *will* get to experience that people from back then won't... the future! Rapid technological advancement is just getting started. The future, in my opinion, is going to be much, much more exciting than the past.
Every version of reddit has the buttons in different places... glad I could help!
Or the author releases it into the public domain on purpose.
Being against a group does not imply you hold the exact opposite opinions to that group. It merely implies disapproval with at least one of them.
About one hundred noven-whatever seconds, the same number of words and twice as many syllables, assuming you can say “seven” once in a second and you’re just saying each digit rather than the full form of the number. As for the full form, I’m not sure the names actually extend out that far... and I’m certainly not going to calculate that.
The naming is a little misleading. You're right, this question *is* asked a lot, and every time it's asked somebody thinks that "best" means "best ratio", which does sound like a reasonable assumption. But best is seemingly more complicated than that! As far as I know, it uses the comment's score, replies, and *age*, so that theoretically comments aren't dominated by whoever gets there first. They do still end up dominated by who gets there first, but at least a little less than they would be with Top sorting.
Huh, suppose I must have assumed that myself! Unless, buried somewhere in Reddit's announcements for the last 11 years, is an announcement saying that "best" now does in fact use the factors which I could have *sworn* it did. Which is possible.
I know for a fact that "best" on posts is just a way more complicated version of "hot" that has nothing to do with comments. But I think I remember "best" on comments also being a more complicated version of "hot"? But not for the same reasons, because "best" on posts is a new thing. I'm just confused.
Actually, there is a more convenient version of what you're imagining called "what3words". As you might be able to guess, it turns your location into an address of three random words. It's not very widely used because of the reasons given by other people here, but it is useful when you need an exact location without bothering with an address, like in an emergency. It's used for that purpose in Tasmania, apparently!
I'm not sure, but I can't imagine that actually being a good idea...
That build's not a sphere though, it's just the earth deformed to a standard flat minecraft map...
That sub's probably super hungry to upvote anything negative about reddit, whether or not it's actually true. A lot of them are saying "wait until Monday", by which point that guy will have made off with the karma and awards...
100%... just not all at once.
Yeah, but nowadays every game engine and coding language on the planet comes with a random number generator somebody clever's come up with that produces, while not *truly* random, passable random numbers. It's hard to do the first time, but luckily for the game dev they don't have to!
1. They listen to all styles of music
