Also add sneakerpeeper to interface
No it will allow for rdt rolls. You need lotd for hsr
That's the idea
Either way not worth going to. Just set your pms to private
Nobody minds female leads, hell I don't see anybody complaining about Leia in the OT. What they hate is petty pandering to girl power by making Rey automatically amazing at everything and thus completely breaking the established rules of the setting. Kreia is probably the best written character in the whole of Star Wars, that's a female main character done right.
I see so many Americans online speaking as though slavery was an invention of Europeans in the triangle trade. They don't even realise Africans were doing the selling in the triangle trade.
Neetbux
You should though. Only part you should guide is bullshit puzzles like EW3
Whichever word you use for it it's the point of minigames now
No we didn't, go back and read the update logs in the wiki. Projects like While Guthix Sleeps, Ritual of the Mahjarrat, Dungeoneering, Nex all took massive amounts of work, most of them over a year. Acting like that can be pumped out every week is delusional.
Runescape isn't a chat room with graphics like it was back in classic, it's an actual game now. That's a good thing
Because speaking as though factory farms are the norm is dishonest. He's applying a single method to the entire industry. If factory farming was the issue they'd just buy free range. I've lived on a cattle farm most of my life, I've seen the farms and abattoirs for cattle, sheep, pigs and poultry that the meat industry runs on. I don't have moral qualms with how they're run or with eating meat.
There's such a thing as dominant strategy
Men have a higher drive for multiple people, women have a higher drive for just one person.
My family always think I am because my response to being asked about a girlfriend is "what do I want one of those for?"
Not being allowed to tackle in soccer. Not being allowed to fight in every sport except ice hockey
Doesn't matter to me. Most romance is garbage but the rare good show can be about any orientation.
Most men don't do that. Stalkers and the like are outliers. It's just that it only takes one to be a problem. Not like men have the exclusive market there either, see /r/nicegirls
Putting the cape there in the first place made no fucking sense and it turned what should have just been an Easter egg about one player into a major requirement.
To be fair a meme answer is going to beat all those three because they're fairly insular. Same reason that poll ended up as Boaty Mcboatface.
Corellia is a core world though.
Zen Buddhism is the biggest inspiration, but Lucas drew heavily from Joseph Campbell, one of the people who analyzed meta-mythology. So the parallels to most world religions past and present are there.
They were descendants many generations down the line by that point and the the ancestors' country was conquered by rival tribes anyway which is why they got sold in the first place.
4chan knows everything. It's a concentration of people who spent their whole life on their computer learning obscure shit instead of actually talking face to face with other people and maybe making their parents proud
This is the reason why mental health problems are exploding. We're social creatures completely overloaded by the complexity and interconnectedness of the modern world. As much as disease, war etc was worse 500 years ago at least in your little village you knew everyone, you knew your life's path, and you knew the exact boundaries of your social sphere.
Even then not entirely true. There's records of ancient Persian warriors being visited by the ghosts of their victims etc. That said I take your point about war being more natural to our evolutionary mind than modern life.
I remember that one. She sounded younger than 10 just screaming "why did you do it". Never wanted to commit suicide since. As much as I've hated living over the years I don't want to be the guy who brings more of that into the world.
Fuck that's actually a good point. The fish-eyed vapid bitches I used to know wouldn't think twice about saying how shook they are for sympathy attention.
Because numbing yourself emotionally is a coping mechanism for people who care too much, but sometimes it fails. Source: I do it
Depends on the person. It's such a tricky topic because the right message for one person is the exact wrong one for another. Which is why suicidal people should see professional psychologists and not Manchurian goat breeding forums.
View what? Slavery? Everyone except for Gulf state tycoons knows it's bad and why. Meaningful progress doesn't happen if you just keep repeating things already agreed upon.
Just suck your own dick and swallow the cum so you don't lose gains
Based and redpilled
Because being a sex object would be fucking awesome
Nyannyan not being a trap is the biggest disappointment of 2018
Zabimaru *
Eh not that wild
That's really not a brag
Yet another reason why life would be better if I was gay
Wouldn't matter if it had 1000x the players it's not the main game because of canon
Take a look at the rocnar in POH
I prefer the new art style. I think it manages to keep the dramatic and original designs (Mah, ZGS) whilst being in touch with the lighthearted and silly side of the game (POF). The environment designs are better than ever too, Menaphos, The Arc, Lost Grove are all gorgeous. The main problem in my view are the old models that haven't been updated, the wrapped textures instead of polygonal equipment, and the player character details. Played since 05
So what? All those things only matter to an investor. I'm a player, Canon is what matters
Institutional racism doesn't exist anymore, which is what the left cries about constantly. People like you just *want* to see racism everywhere. In reality it's a miniscule thing
You're literally saying being well off makes your children well off is proof of racism. It's ridiculous. You'll see racism anywhere if you believe that.
Appeal to the majority fallacy
"An herb"
It's more that YouTube went out of their way to boost tseries, and they have it out for pewdiepie
Yes, they canceled his red series despite huge fan outcry, and they never have him as face of the site anymore.
I'd rather content cop on YouTube itself
He cute
Sexual psychology. Golden rule doesn't cut it when it comes to that.
Marriage isn't a social acceptance ceremony, no same sex marriage is fine
Treat others as you would like to be treated.
That's not what it means
That's because all that matters is the pictures anyway. Why talk about your life if you just want to bang someone? Sounds like asking for trouble to me.
I don't disagree with one bit of what you said, at the same time I'm a non-traditional man so the more hookups happen the better things are for me. I think the happy solution is in simply talking about it more across society. Everyone makes their case for different lifestyles then everybody decides for themselves. If someone chooses something different from you then so be it. The real problem is in forcing people into moulds that don't fit.
It's not a big deal, despite media and SJWs trying to paint it as the end of the world. It's just a word.
Oof that's a big feel right there
You're thinking of James Dean
Shop is by Largetrap on Instagram. Original video is nyannyancosplay. Sadly she is female.
Wow wishing violence on someone just because you don't speak like them, how tolerant
You're ascribing too much conscious thought to it.
We do just not that way. For women until you're say 35 it doesn't really matter if you don't have sex, for men it's a biological apocalypse. We're evolved to handle sex completely differently.
Well that might be the case for you but in the minds of the vast majority of men visuals are all that matters.
Gib
No, there's plenty to like about prostitution.
A quintessential book on teenage boys. I love the hell out of it.
How disgusting that higher education is only seen as a pathway to money
I am middle class
The debt is a symptom of the broken system. Using education as a resume booster is a desecration of its more noble beauty. Universities should only ever have been for the love of learning.
Then get off the sub
Should cross post to /r/dankruto
Ideal female 🅱️ody
When they're providing a good or service that I want.
All masseuses are ladies. Males are masseurs.
No its literally a drawing
She's a porn star called Aruba Jasmine if you want to see more of her
She pays attention to this sub. I'd recommend paying anyway it's worth it
I've yet to see a prezleek comic I don't love
Fairy sets, crystalline, drakan, and blessed sentinel are all nice fashionscape
Did you have free inventory spots? Rabbits should be quick to get.
90% of them need to die and the rest need to be made soloable. It was never about rewards.
Oh what bullshit. There isn't a single alt right MP or Senator in Australia. 90% of them are corporatist neo-liberal, the few others are a mix of conservatives, far left and libertarians.
The real feels are knowing that you'll never be Shouta
Sounds like a sitcom trope from the 80s, I don't think actual rich people do this
Every class has that attitude
The term Amerindian is a compromise that works better than both alternatives in my opinion. Doesn't being up the native problem but also doesn't confuse it for the people from the South Asian country.
Are you trying to say asmr is sexual? Because it isn't
Natalie is topless in several videos
Still I usually got a rabbit within just one lapof lumbridge crater.
There's a lot of outdoor porn that doesn't make going outside sexual. Some asmrtists mix sexuality with their videos, same way they can mix all sorts of other things too.
The former
/r/egg_irl
Nigga u gay
They've always justified it with the fact that raids 2 always comes bottom of player surveys. But the problem with that is that part 2 would have to fix those hugely unpopular elements (like group finding) anyway. Also they should have had it complete before release, and Mod Osborne admitted its part of the unfinished business project.
You know there are employers outside of fortune 500 companies right? Most employers are small businesses and they absolutely get screwed by unions
Ed2 is way more commonly done because it's better profit. Ed1 is harder though.
Intelligence isn't all there is to a job. Male biology makes them more temperamentally suited to workplaces, especially stressful and competitive workplaces.
Bathtub bid wasn't a leak it's from a movie
Source on OP pic
Why would a gay journalist be an authority on heterosexual anime boys
You are. They are too.
Big mood tbh
2016 was like a non stop party
No he's saying everybody has a right to a homeland
Not everybody's in on it but that doesn't mean nobody is behind the ideological push. The connections to the Frankfurt school are plain to see
Guthix is hardly good, he ran away from his power and therefore responsibilities.
Got any more buzzwords in place of an argument or does that do it for you?
Runescape is a membership based game which means that keeping customers is more important than gaining new ones. A lot of players have left in recent years and it's clear that the focus on flashy content over important reworks is the major reason why, along with mtx. Every time we tell Jagex we want a rework it's like pulling teeth to get them to actually do it. Mining and Smithing took forever and we needed OSRS to help with the poll so they couldn't weasel out of doing the actual rework part, clan rework had to be done in /u/shaunyowns TAPP time, achievement rework had to be batched and also took a long time. I think the developers need to make it clearer just how necessary reworks are at this point
Finish everything else.
Maybe flex tape could repair The Invisible Hand when it gets cut in half
Disagree, it's a fun story device even if it's not the way memory loss works IRL
None of those can be done by content devs
Why not just fap to nazi hentai
It is though. So it's fine.
Gynandromorphophilia is straight
No it means attraction to a combination of male and female characteristics, which traps have.
Also not a sister technically just another wight in Sliske's army.
Well what do you expect from armour 22 levels below best in slot? Dragon armour is worthless in osrs too
I like that they added stuff. Made the world more enjoyable. I hate that most book adaptions have to leave stuff out
Problem with the LOTR books is that they keep going on and on about irrelevant crap, to the point where it feels like it resents having to actually tell the story and would rather just be a worldbuilding project.
Honestly I don't understand most of the internet's hate boner for CGI. Many of the greatest scenes in film wouldn't be possible without CGI. Even the dodgy 90s era stuff doesn't bother me, unlike say stop motion. Something can still be beautiful and/or enjoyable without being photo realistic.
"My opinion is correct everyone else are ignorant children." Just..no. The OT is good but the PT is miles better. LOTR and Hobbit are both good for different reasons.
He's the most beloved character since Grimbo
No, but it did go back to a design stage because the community wasn't happy with it
Or maybe people just like the game itself despite its flaws
You can do story mode to get to 2
Proportion for sure. Nothing is more satisfying than going through my trophy list and seeing rows of 100%. It's painful knowing that two games are ruined forever due to closed servers
The real hero ITT
I'm looking to do dlc too. Did you find a group through psnprofiles?
He's on parental leave because his second daughter was born
No, what Osborne said is that he was willing to stake his goodwill on runepass because it was healthier mtx for the game than treasure hunter. Didn't end up going any further than the initial test though.
&gt;gaming &gt;laptop Pick one
Max could have been a legendary trap if he tried but he just got fat and grew a neckbeard instead
She's 19
Abigail Shapiro, Ben Shapiro's sister. Her tits are the best argument on /pol/ for joining Judaism
All of the marble statues with penises I've seen have tiny, soft ones
Or the episode where he near kills himself working two jobs to pay for Lisa's pony
Lois was still a bitch though
I know what it means, but soft is by nature also small
No not wrong, but in my opinion it's incongruous especially in depictions of heroes.
Can lizards get pimples?
That's exactly what the jedi say to the parents of force sensitive children, it's about self control so that they don't run amok. That said it's not like the jedi were the only force using monastic order, just the most widespread. Loads of planets had their own orders with their own philosophies.
If you want a chat room there's plenty of alternatives, both versions of runescape have come much further as games and it's great to see
It's always been a grind, that's part of the point. It's the journey not the destination.
The worst is seeing people who do one niche of the game then complain that there's no content, even though they could clearly solve that themselves by doing other stuff
Because early rs2 was basically a chat room, along with things like habbo hotel. People used to care about those things before smartphones became common and everyone could just group chat. Both versions complain about the relative lack of social interaction now but it's not the fault of the game it's just technology updating.
They did investigation and it would take 6-8 months of engine work to do group Ironman. Not a high enough priority for that
The worst offense is that they know everybody wants it. The players keep begging for it and the developers want to do it but the higher ups refuse to greenlight the project. I mean who the fuck looks at half life 3 and says "yes, I want my development to be just like that."
Because Mod Jack said it would take at least 3 years to do. I still think thats worth it but it's a big ask
It keeps it but loses the double drop ability
Because pvp in general sucks. Runescape is a progression based game, much more so than other MMOs. The wilderness pvp model is fundamentally at odds with the rest of the games design.
No its pretty normal slang for casual sex
Paradise Lost is the greatest written work of all time
It's not just older women, most of the women I know in the 18-25 range participate in the hookup scene only as a pathway to pinning men down. Seems most just refuse to accept sex as an end and not a means.
Half the fun of 2d is that you can go nuts with what's possible anatomically
Should really buy a cheap used one, there's a ton of incredible ps3 titles
Nice stereotype bro
He is 5.4b however, nice that he plays for his own satisfaction
There is it's called ironmancc
Even better
A guy who prefers innies isn't any less decent
You didn't have penis inspection day at your school?
A man of culture
The downvotes you're getting in this thread are absurd. Some women will complain about everything instead of just taking action.
Better to have an actual reason. Discussing preferences is not inherently rude
If by passable you mean depression- inducing masterpiece then yes
Good thing reddit downvotes aren't a moral authority then. I don't need your agreement.
The historical record speaks for itself. Communism is far more murderous and impoverishing than fascism was.
Dude your feet have improved so much it's awesome to see
Yep
Boaty puts out a video once every 1-2 months
Huntsmans are friends that destroy the true enemies, mosquitoes
Dunno why you got downvoted it's spammy as shit on Dxp, that's why there's the Dxp drinking game
It's called an idiom
This was actually a suggestion from the art team and got put in the player survey a while ago, but nothing came of it. I'd love to see it but Jagex are just so slow on quests these days
Mohawk is flipping adorable
Clue scroll collection log is the only thing that makes true trim nigh impossible
Support, about time America accepted the monarchy again
Those four adjectives describe ideal food.
Mine is cholmondeley. Pronounced chumley.
And twat
It's not especially crazy. In America the ceremony of the office of President is much closer to a king than a prime minister, e.g. Why does anyone give a shit about the first Lady? She's essentially a queen figure.
It is a factor, the EU are trying to force Hungary to take in some of the illegal migrants Germany welcomed in and Orban told them to get bent.
After the vote to leave passed David Cameron stepped down as prime minister and Theresa may got the job. May was and is a remainer, and has purposely made the negotiation process as long, drawn out and painful as possible so that the enough of the public are turned off by the whole thing and vote to remain in a second referendum. It wouldn't be the first time that the EU had a second vote because they didn't get their way the first time.
Hey I'm Australian and wish it rained every day. Sounds way more comfy than it being so hot you immediately feel exhausted when you leave air conditioning.
America absolutely does have the magna carta, many of the state constitutions quote it in full. In addition not all monarchs are absolute. Checks and balances have existed within Monarchist systems for thousands of years. The balance the executive branch occupies with the legislative and judicial is very close to that of the monarch within a Constitutional monarchy and culturally the president is even closer - monarchs are not just about governmental power they are social leaders too and the president occupies this role in America, prime ministers do not do this.
That's still better than no railways at all.
Of course it will. It always has, the troubles come from censorship and bad debating. The last ten years have seen a decrease in proper debate due to the spread of postmodernism.
Try calling them cunts like the rest of us
I wonder if he would get sick given he doesn't leave the house.
Jesus fuck
1.4m is one gargoyle task, easy peasy
Still nowhere near as much as table sugar would give you. It's extremely concentrated.
Adversity is what builds the ability to think instead of just coast along by instinct. In mythological terms it's why the ouroboros has to be fought against.
Those give you the tools but not the will to use them.
It's still not really afk because you have to click constantly. Alaea crablets are properly afk, agility needs a method like that
Finding a torrent is more hassle than a stream
He may have clinically diagnisable autism but at least he has good taste in anime girls
Why did some Scandinavian girl get beheaded?
She has legendary legs
No but you can do slayer in general. My point was you can get profitable enough tasks even at a low level.
Porn companies should stop with the whole "step" thing already
Because your family has your back no matter what, whether you like them or can't stand them. It's like a military unit, yeah Jim might be an asshole but he'll still fight for you. People from abusive backgrounds will often say this is nonsense because of their experiences, but just because your family fucked up doesn't make the concept of family obsolete. Abuse is the outlier not the norm. You need people who stand by you in life.
I agree the lock is an annoying mechanic but saying it doesn't pay for itself is simply false. Even a low drop more than pays for supplies
Might have been Mod Ollie? I know he did that on one of the graphical reworks. Mod Stu did the arc ones and they're great
Max time is less than half that
Plenty of people have maxed in less than a month without mtx. Even if 24 hours of every day of that was play time it's less than 800 hours.
I actually don't like sargon, I just hate people who are dishonest for the sake of trying to gain political brownie points. If you want to confront someone confront their actual ideas instead of someone else's ridiculous caricature of their ideas.
It's important to have lists filled out, they should be complete.
How about you quit being a prissy little bitch and just look at hentai like a normal person
They're sexy is what. Rule 34 makes everything better
They couldn't balance a design. They tried it but it didn't work.
I support doing unfinished business (which Jagex ARE doing with LOOT) but not every concept art is a promise of content. Additionally the early invention concept was god damn hideous
The benefit is the satisfaction of pristine completion.
OOF that's rough, at least easy clues are good money
JonJon *
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
Please remove that boring disease
Yes
Reminds me of when I played Bioshock to get all the audio files, not really being interested in the game
Those vehicles don't have to get off the road
Yeah, they've been working away at it silently because it's seriously complex
The satisfaction of seeing that "100%" on my trophy list.
Disease is referencing Jon's video but StW is definitely boring. It's the same old clean-cut nintendo reviews that already oversaturate youtube.
There's a power aspect to it. I find powerful women sexy, ever since I first watched James Bond and saw all the hot villain girls.
That's what all the pictures of alcoholic drinks are for
You know she had to do it to em
Adding unique elements to each weapon type so there's a reason to use each
Just remember it's south of the tree
Because GOTE is what procs the spirit
Because the investigation showed more work than initially realised
3 dungeons with 3 bosses in each that have to be killed in order. There are also minibosses some of which give unique rewards
You can't skip bosses
The community is too progression focused for competitive minigames to ever be viable again. We aren't 12 year olds wasting time anymore, the game has evolved.
Back you fiends! Back to the realm of Malestrion!
All episodes on normal boots made their way to his YouTube channel
And even then it's dead. Jagex called the BA rework a failure. Face it, players don't want minigames
Better that soldiers don't get ambushed
I just wish they'd let us download the soundtrack so I can put them on my phone
It's not only not fun it's completely ridiculous thematically. "Oh hold on giant spider I have to put a different ring on because you're about to die." The idea that the higher the skill ceiling the better is also complete nonsense.
That's not a good thing
They should just add another line that makes it so something has to be equipped for a minute before you get its effects
I see you don't know what a gamejam is
And the kids can see a convoy of military vehicles well before they get there, so they can move. This is a war zone, they should be more responsible.
Dayum that's a big improvement over the last time I watched this run, back when ThaRixer was practicing for GDQ
I think Ethan mentioned it would keep coming up so he just wanted it out of the way. The two are on good terms.
Admittedly he did completely fumble the debate but thats mostly because destiny is a dishonest shit head who constantly tries to bait, gaslight and misrepresent his opponents.
In general for this sort of thing the more you work yourself up the worse it seems. You needn't "come out" as such, just be yourself and if the topic comes up it comes up. That line gets muddled somewhat if you have a controlling and disapproving family but unless they are real extremists chances are you'll be fine.
All that matters for jad is pray flicking, your gear is more than good enough.
Wasn't that Unity?
I so wish HZD level graphics were viable for runescape
The combat team says they really want to do it, it's the playerbase that don't want it
Even if it would be a good situation for a romantic, that's not what you are. You have to live YOUR life, not the perceived life of what you would be like in an alternate universe, and certainly not a lie. If you aren't true to yourself then I don't see how you can enjoy any of the rewards of life, because they wouldn't really be for you.
You can still get FFXV with a workaround
I said the combat team not Jagex as a whole
I'm pretty sure she did a dildo vid. Was on youngleak ages ago
Literally every single one. Even the ad videos he did were hilarious
Ok buddy you go tell those soldiers that you're quite happy for them to take an ambush at the first sign of difficulty. I'm sure they'd love to hear how little you value their lives.
Kind of but when you're a completionist by nature it just gets you, the satisfaction of ticking off a permanent unlock is so good. Of course Jagex don't have to go out of their way to screw these sorts of players over by adding stupid unlocks in the first place.
A stupid requirement shouldn't stay just because some people did it already. "Others should suffer too" is a disgusting attitude that so many players have in this game.
I'd be absolutely fine with it if they added a solo variant or at least smaller group requirement. 10 people is a lot to find.
Getting through a fight doesn't complete much. Completionism is about the meta unlocks not the specific obstacle in front of you. And there's no way all bossing unlocks will go on Trim. It's a giant grind, hugely rng dependant and extremely hard. All three of which Jagex said won't go on trim. I don't care what annoys you. I'm saying reaper dissatisfies everybody because it tries to be a compromise.
If you're a girl then tinder isn't a waste of time lol. If anything a decent girl will get too many offers.
Why? They're all available in game, they aren't TH things anymore.
So? That was 8 years ago, few people were maxed before there was a reason to be.
Non-pvmers complaints are about the group problem. I've yet to see anyone who says that a single Telos kill is unreasonable for Comp.
That too, there should always be a solo option.
Well it's a permanent unlock, which is good enough in my view. The distinction for "doing anything" is very blurry.
Putting literally everything on Comp would make it \*impossible\*. Going through a whole development process to make something that no player can or would ever be able to wear is the height of stupidity.
This rework HAS had a lot of communication with the playerbase
Mod Jack confirmed this wasn't the case. A LOT of the initial feedback was that it was too complex.
The game is supposed to evolve. Your sense of achievement is supposed to be based on what you did not what other people do.
yes
Wonder if the remake will have this scene
They said they're done with endgame bossing for a while. To be honest I don't think it should go further unless and until the combat system can be made smoother, it's so damn clunky
That's the hope. Also hopefully Jagex will fix some of the extremely stupid outlier unlocks like Professional cape that just ruin player experience
Ok but they still have to cater to the community. I wanted the new capes too but at the end of the day this is still an improvement
Listening to feedback *is* catering to the community. You can't just have them flip-flop around on when they do and don't take on feedback.
It isn't. It was an overwhelming response to all the early design blogs, much more so than approval.
Because the "too complicated" feedback was getting more prominent as the designs went on
Sorry to hear about your brain damage. Hope things get better.
Sad panda, that's a paddlin
Because child-bearing and rearing ability are inherent parts of sexuality and lactation is part of that
4chan continuously deletes content, it can't really 'host' a forum unless it's a whole board
This was the best solution but at the start of the rework the dev team said it wasn't workable
Because people who don't want to be Completionists feel compelled to get it which harms both newly released content and the Completionists who want new reqs
Definitely support but the Vinny drop rate and the 5k games cape should be changed to be reasonable rather than just excluded from the cape.
I made a post listing things a couple days ago, and that's only the post-2011 content. There's more before that.
Nerf a few reqs
Heaven forbid you go 30 days without a new shiny toy in a game with tens of thousands of hours of content
The builders have a really crooked union and they're abusing it to get paid for no work
Why are you using the word amateur to mean "not too good looking"? because that's not what it means
This is always a bad argument when it comes to games. Just play more. Personally I don't go for the "devaluation" nonsense either because I don't care what other people do to their accounts and my own satisfaction is enough, but mtx is an irritation when it comes to the community.
Dude what? Feedback is taken on all the time. Runescape has probably the most receptive dev team to criticism I've ever seen.
Thing is that snowflake ironmen show off a lot of design inconsistencies that other accounts don't because they can just go somewhere else. As Settled himself showed it's silly that Razmire's builder shop doesn't have a saw. Or that a fishing village like Burgh de Rott doesn't have a fishing shop. A spinning wheel isn't really a stretch, given how prevalent they are in dark fairy tales one would totally fit in Fenkenstrains Castle.
The quest you're thinking of is Darkness of Hallowvale
Well those are osrs issues but the same principle applies, the dev team can only do so much at once and different parts of the community have different ideas on what changes are most necessary - which is partly why the Jmods are so active on places like Discord, Reddit, Twitter and in game clan chats: in order to get a genuine sense of the community. &amp;#x200B; Most developer teams are so SO much more removed from their audience.
There's a difference between struggling with gender identity and making up bullshit. If someone genuinely has trouble coming to terms with who they are then fine. All things like [this monstrosity](https://www.wattpad.com/341462536-complete-list-of-genders-the-complete-list-of-all/page/13) do is insult the very notion of gender and pretend it's some sort of child's playground.
If they kept it to themselves I wouldn't care, but humans by nature are too social for that so they can't. The sorts of people who subscribe to that also attempt to undermine the sense of self of other people, and a strong sense of self is crucial to good mental health. And this process is far, far more insidious when children are involved. See the case of David Reimer if you want an example of how damaging postmodern views of gender can be to children. &amp;#x200B; If this were the healthy kind of criticism that you seem to think it is then I would be on board, but gaslighting people into believing gender is any and all moods and personality traits is not healthy debate.
After last time he realised he could just watch on a different site
What God do I have to pray to to make this happen irl?
Let's be honest, nobody crazy enough to rush hiscores in osrs was ever going to be the next voice of a generation.
Osrs deviated significantly from the path rs2 went on, and Zezima was number 1 before 2007 when osrs' first version takes place. They're very different games.
Just make it everyone gets loot like all other bosses instead of having convoluted bullshit.
What makes it easy is afking. ALWAYS go for the afk option and just watch something else on the side. Makes nearly everything a breeze. The few non-afk skills are super quick
It also didn't have anywhere near as serious a competitive scene. Zezima was impressive because he was a trailblazer, in terms of sheer ludicrous grinding the modern scene in both games leaves him in the dust.
Totally. I actually really hate the process of flirting, why can't it just be clear, unambiguous speech?
Aro but straight not ace. I don't because it seems to be far more of a subcultural term than any sort of factual characteristic. Also it seems to be applied as "not the norm" even though everybody is abnormal in some ways and normal in others
If her patreon is anything to go by then no. She used to be really good but all her exclusive videos just became lazy "ear licking in a costume" trash
There are enough bosses
Nex is huge profit from uniques alone
They're good dudes who were turned into wights by a bad dude
Because Armadyl is not real, he's an artistic creation. Something that should not be brought down to mere real world politics.
That's no excuse to make something worse.
No I just respect real art. It seems you don't.
Waving a flag isn't displaying sexuality, it's making a political statement.
The left-wing extremist section on places like reddit, Twitter, tumblr before it became totally irrelevant by banning porn, don't believe in reasoning with other people. To them you're either in complete lock-step with their policies or you're EVIL and the only thing to do is destroy you.
I wouldn't call them party devotees, they eat their own too much for that. Also I don't know what you're smoking that makes you think their causes aren't left wing extremism, many openly support communism, borderless states and complete censorship of their opponents.
Same thing that fucked the Berserk adaptions. Should have just continued the '97 version
Nearly every area needs a rework
Suck it up already. It's being removed.
What a load of melodramatic horse shit. Runescape was advertised from the start as a game that regularly changes, them doing a big change is perfectly reasonable.
30-40 minutes
It's 1 onyx per run, so 2 an hour if going at a relaxed pace. Going sweaty you might get 3 runs an hour
Doing mundane tasks. You escape laziness by building your ego and overcoming your natural state. The most common variant of this people give is exercise because it will also make you healthier and improve your self confidence by making you look better. The mental effects will be even better if you don't listen to music, podcasts etc while doing the tasks. The whole point is strengthening your ability to do things you don't feel like but will yourself to do.
Yeah but surely taking over the world is easier if everyone is just sitting at home doing nothing.
The argument against it for mining was that it didn't require an investment cost.
What the hell are you talking about? I'm saying getting several hundred million for decent weapons to do kiln regularly is harder than mere Prifddinas entry. Hell I got to Prifddinas on release and my account was only like 8 months old at the time, it is not a difficult requirement.
You have to regularly turn up to work to get paid though
There are profitable afk skilling methods. Also acting like the bulk of money comes from a few slayer monsters is seriously pushing it. Bossing profit is on another level.
Heresy. It was cute as fuck.
I didn't say anything about the afk nature, you did. The argument for Jagex nerfing onyx mining was that it would hurt risk due to ROD charges and that it had little investment. Personally I don't care either way.
For some people it could but most aros seem to be very devoted people.
And what do you think the player character was in Kindred Spirits or Desperate Times? If you're going to try and criticise rs3 questing at least know what you're talking about. It's not a cut and dry "you're the preordained chosen one who will beat everything in his path" like you're trying to have people believe.
I would much rather bring all the environments up to graphical standards first.
Honestly I kind of liked it for what it was, but the online aspect was unwelcome just like any other game.
Most people don't want to be, but everybody should have the option to speak their mind.
Let's not pretend twitch actually cares about their own rules. The way they apply bans is completely schizophrenic.
Mod Shauny already confirmed he's been in contact with Zezima and they're working things out.
Which is a bad approach. The online space should be open and honest, not corporate and sanitised.
Fucking get over it already. I don't even prefer the simplified design but all this bullshit whining boils down to is "my feedback is more important than their feedback"
I think the appeal to popularity argument is total crap. By the same logic Fifa, Fortnite and Candy Crush are leagues better than either version. It's just nonsense. Games are art forms with their own inherent qualities that they should be judged on. Just like you wouldn't just the best painting in an art gallery on how many people are looking at it.
Yes it is. It's so janky that the way people get good at it is to cram as many actions into 1 tick as possible. It's a farce. A good combat system has flow and either version of runescape flows about as well as gravel in a blender.
Pretty bizarre definition you're running with
I don't care why it's popular. What matters is its quality as art. If I were the only person on earth playing rs3 it would still be a fantastic game.
It's disappointing that wall jumps don't work irl the way they do in games.
I don't need to. Art can be judged objectively.
Man that movement is so smooth nowadays, amazing to see
Not as such but I do get bored of specific types of games so I change it up each time. Genre, recent vs older, long vs short etc
Miyazaki tends to dislike sequels in general iirc
It's fine so long as it's still creatively interesting. I don't have to personally relate to something in order to appreciate it.
Stop using this sub to post stupid random shit.
The guy is called Steven Crowder, it's from a series called Change My Mind where he goes to university campuses and sets up a desk inviting people to talk to him about controversial points. He's a pretty grating personality but the series is a good idea.
Does that mean if you go there in Japan you die?
So Chronicle then
For the millionth time the cape is not what the name implies. True Completion in runescape is not represented anywhere and is not just figuratively but literally impossible. The Completionist capes are being focused towards just the major points of mostly solo gameplay which is a very good thing.
Absolutely disgusting
Do elite dungeons in TMW
Dude it takes less than a minute
The guy most well known for scamming drops says make friends...
Sirenic is 10 levels better than pernix but more expensive to use because of degradation. Realistically t80 armour is enough for most bosses.
To be fair the relaxation techniques and exercise are pretty good for your mental health.
More good reqs are getting added. Only two reqs are being removed and that's because they're bullshit not because they're hard. Standing around in a dead minigame is stupid content and shouldn't be required for anything, and finding groups of people is also bullshit.
That's because he's a shock jock not because he's a conservative.
Rat catchers and mobilising armies were removed entirely. The trend will likely continue. Call it whining however much you want it's improving the game.
Shattered worlds would be fine because it's solo. Heist would be annoying for new people but at least it's quick and afk.
What book should I read in order to get an understanding of all the different schools of tattooing- the history and the stylistic differences?
Major Arcana tattoos are great! I'm considering getting The Tower myself
Skilling, quests, vast majority of all pvm are single player focused. This game is fundamentally about the single player experience. If you can't accept that then you're being willfully obtuse and using the MMO label in places where it doesn't apply. Also pvm is absolutely less important than questing because the story is the single most important aspect of any artwork including video games. At the end of the day you're trying to make runescape something it's not instead of bringing it into line with its core elements.
If the camera angle was better it would be a genuine ps1 gem.
It's an underrated FF for sure although its problems were certainly there. So much more of the franchise is getting trophy- supported ports now which is great to see.
The cape doesn't represent all aspects of the game, and those quests were purposely changed to be solo because the multiplayer aspect didn't fit. If you want full on multiplayer go and play LoL instead of trying to ruin runescape.
Sure, I'm not suggesting this would necessarily kickstart a scene in these games. Would just be for the sake of having a time there.
Well see that's the thing, I have no interest in optimising a time for a game be it new or established. Which is why this approach of doing one playthrough, even what is basically just a fast normal playthrough (I.e. No speed tech), seems like it could be a fun way to still sort of contribute to speedrunning.
You start small. Even the tiniest fucking thing like picking up one dirty thing every day or brushing your teeth
They're way longer nowadays but they're also more straightforward. The really old card effects said some out there shit.
Comp cape is not completionist in nature. Never has been, never will be.
A-fucking-men
The best you can do is be as clear and unambiguous as possible. Say what you are, what that means and that romance will never ever happen. After that they'll either move on emotionally or they'll ignore you and turn into an asshole.
Normal comp is easy to get. A 100% completion cape would be literally impossible.
But then it's not completion and you're back at square one. The real solution would be to make everything in game possible to achieve but Jagex refuse to do that one
They don't have brain activity. Something cannot be a human life without an active brain.
You can't kill something that isn't alive. Abortion is completely morally acceptable.
Abortion occurs in the period before a fetus qualifies as a human life, so you can drop the "killing babies" nonsense.
Abortion legally occurs in the period before brain development, the point at which it qualifies as a human life. Before that do it as much as you want because it doesn't matter.
AOD and Solak were Mod Ramen's pet projects and as a boss designer he's just kept trying to recreate what he likes to play instead of looking at the big picture of the game. Hell Duo mode Solak was a late development inclusion, he wanted to make another entirely 7 man boss despite every poll saying that's too high.
Without brain development then no, its not a child. It's just a hunk of flesh.
He can want it all he likes it's still wrong to put another person through pregnancy and parenthood because he can't control his own selfish desires.
They look so damn janky
He didn't save anything. Abortion doesn't end a life.
That's a barrier that sex rightfully does not need to be locked behind anymore thanks to technology. The rule now should be if you aren't prepared for contraception and abortion don't have sex, and the guy fucked up by not accepting that.
Because it's not his. He doesn't have a right to anything before life begins and even then he doesn't have a right to force someone else to bear that burden. Only if the child wasn't also her genetic material and if it wasn't inside her body would he have a right to it. He's perfectly willing to ruin the life of his ex and daughter by making them an unwanted parent and unwanted child because he's too much of a pathetic coward to accept the fact that he should go and make a child with someone who actually wants to be a parent.
Mirror's Edge is first person with speedrunning in mind, quite a popular speed game. Not vr though.
Lighthouse also has dagannoth mask
It really be like that though
A floating disembodied head?
The more you build it up the harder it will be. Take it in stride, just one day say "do you know what aromanticism is?"
When I'm faced with responses like that I say something to the effect of "I know the difference. I know myself better than you do." If they persist, well tell them to fuck off
Not exactly. Anima Mundi is what the Elder gods feed on. They create planets until they come up with the perfect one for creating anima mundi, then they rest until it's mature, eat the world then start a new universe.
It's 9rain
Entrana, Ice Mountain, Karamja Volcano and east of Sophanem. Also one dead one on Freneskae.
The only real world bosses are demon flash mobs. Lots of D&amp;Ds though.
Who the hell is Thom Yorke and why is he sucking on a mega warhead?
Not going to happen. Castle Wars is an afk minigame now
Futa don't exist irl you're thinking of /r/tgirls
It will always get worse, sorry buddy
It comes from slovo not slave.
Not just audio, she has an onlyfans
It (Mah) created Zaros and Seren but didn't exactly say take care of it, that's just what Seren decided to do. Mah basically had constant nightmares and just created what came to her in visions.
Bankstanding doesn't count. There's no way you can't max after 10 years of actually doing the skills
That is seriously stretching things. They are friends, brothers in arms, what friends are supposed to be when times are tough. Their being friends doesn't make them aromantic at all. It just means romance wasn't a major part of their quest.
Huge support. Maintenance cost for an override is ridiculous and the keys are too rare for it to be a roll.
A friend paid $13000 on a handful of promos over the span of like 18 months. It's not only completely impractical for someone who wants to jump to endgame but A Friend himself said that it was unsatisfying and a waste of an account. Oh and there are lava rune runners
Use ublock origin.
Would be graphical glitches galore, and we already have loads
Not sure, I haven't subbed to it but she advertises it heavily on Instagram
Ok this is epic
The other worlds. Infernus and Teragard, what the hell the Obsidian Tribunal is, the Queen of Ashes' world, the cat world V visited.
Nah there's shitloads more after trim. Time wise it wouldn't even be halfway
Filthy Frank's prank video
Break up, find someone else. It's not healthy to starve yourself of affection you need. You'll only hurt yourself by staying in this relationship.
Because its fun to feel immersed in a world and you can't really do that when there's only 6 polygons for a character's face. An incredible looking game like Uncharted 4 simply would not be as gripping if it were made back with ps1 graphics technology.
You can play both at the same time, they're afk enough
Gold will always be buyable. Better Jagex get it than some Indian bot farm
Of the big time runners I'd say it's more common than not for them to only focus on 1 or 2 games. The only runner I can think of who has been successful across a lot of games is ThaRixer who has run the Jak series, Ratchet and Clank series, God of War series, Mirror's Edge and Super Mario 64.
Quests, clue scrolls and completing achievements
What kind of disgusting animal doesn't put pineapple on pizza?
How was it finding a co-op partner?
Variable difficulty in trophies is just sloppy and unacceptable, multiplayer doesn't excuse that.
I will be once I get my internet connection up and running
I see more third positionists than anything, with a lot of varied opinions. Really the only political sphere online with genuine intellectual diversity.
Yeah same, I didn't even bother with most of the combos because there were only a couple of decent ones
Sure. The Anglo-Saxon tradition of constitutional monarchy is world class, although I do think the democratic element needs removing.
It already is. The typical "ackshually it's a success and only incels whine about it because they hate strong women." I'm ashamed to be associated with these shitheads because I actually enjoy the Playstation platform, it always has the best games on it.
Don't have set meal plans, just eat when you're hungry. Always have grass fed meat, grain fed is rubbish. Getting plenty of fat is essential.
There's nothing more morally spineless than a businessman.
On the one hand he's been trying to keep Russia away from Globohomo culturally and monarchy would continue that, on the other hand he's made it worse Economically.
To me the one in the wrong is Rin herself, she continually screws other people around for no good reason and they're justified in their reactions.
Here that means the same thing.
So pretty quickly then? The whole economic model is in opposition to what's good for the culture
Where possible all your patronage should be with small independently owned business
It's not like the Shelob thing was that wild, her mother had the same ability in the books
Gotta end the welfare state for that
The leadership are common swindlers, they make money off of generating outrage.
That's an important fact but intelligence and good character aren't the same thing.
Tradwives are a meme unfortunately
Very based post.
Ok fine you disagree, is this a place for talking out differences of opinion rationally or is it a place for banning opinions the mods don't like?
All the anomalies are what the media drums up hysteria over.
Neither are kebabs
I hope he is good, but I expect otherwise. The House of Windsor have been very poor monarchs.
Successful for whom? Corporations want stagnation
Laissez-faire capitalism is a one way street to regulated capitalism because corporations will (and did) move to secure their positions by buying government influence. The idea that government has no control on the economy is total nonsense, it always has controls on the economy. Even if the Friedmanite wet dream of laws were enacted government could change their minds. Regulated capitalism is capitalism in practice, and that's the only thing that matters. Environmental destruction comes about under capitalism regularly. Where on Earth do you get the idea that it's not incentivised? Responsible interaction with the environment is more expensive thus companies often don't do it. It also takes time to ascertain the extent of environmental risk so they often don't even bother checking. I'm well aware communism has horrible outcomes too, both of them are bad systems which is why both should be replaced.
What is it with people thinking that because I'm against capitalism I support Marxism? Quality of life is free time, a safe and tightly knit community, your own house (not a concrete box apartment either, a real home) wilderness to wander and traditions to uphold. Random trinkets like cars and phones are part of the torrent of distractions that come with modern life, so you can't stop and realise that all the things that are actually important are being destroyed.
It isn't, what absolute nonsense. There's plenty of other economic systems with both theory and practice behind them. Don't confuse the mainstream narrative with political thought as a whole. I didn't state my position because you didn't ask, so try being inquisitive instead of smug next time. I favour a form of distributism, heavily favouring independently and family owned small business and heavily preventing corporations, with the exception of those necessary for national security which would be placed under state direction. Usury would be illegal as would foreign ownership and investment.
Criticising police as they are now doesn't mean you're against police in principle.
Because the media wants to make America's problems everyone else's problems to cause the same unrest, like legacy of slavery and racism bullshit even for nations that never had slavery or a colonial empire. NPCs eat that shit up because they're at least 80% of the population anywhere and love being told what to think
That's everywhere
Seems to me like you're mixing up the position of monarch with the system of monarchy. A tendency in the system is still the result of monarchy even if not done by the monarch. I would also say that even if an action is done for the right reasons, like putting the senate in their place, it's still the result of the monarch.
Free time has gone down steadily under capitalism, home ownership has become far harder under the massively inflated real estate industry thanks to foreign investment, wilderness continues to disappear as cities spew their suburbs out further and further away and the population skyrockets, and safety, traditions and community have been hurt due to corporate importing of cheap foreign labour. That a few of these things exist in some small pockets of rural life is not something I should be thankful for, capitalism has made all these things worse and it should be destroyed.
Not all are possible thanks to bugs and server closures.
Isn't Kim Il-Sung technically still the leader despite being dead for decades?
Right, Sony should really have mandated patches for those scenarios
Perhaps because these groups never shut up about historical wrongs because they want to exploit their ancestors' suffering to try and get free shit.
The system governs the whole nation, ergo authorities outside the monarch themself are part of monarchy.
Not all of it but that's a good chunk. Bureaucrats and corporations in general push all this but the media are particularly bad.
Property matters more than criminal lives
Imagine saying anime fans shouldn't go to an anime board
I never mentioned the United States. If your country doesn't have a homogenous population that's a problem you should solve instead of trying to fit everything else onto a broken model of a nation.
The servers are shutdown but the trophies can be achieved single player. The game isn't difficult, just exceedingly long.
Of course they aren't angels. But even if they were horrible people tearing down historical monuments is ALWAYS immoral.
Did you miss the part where they went through genocide and mass sex slavery against the Yazidis?
What on earth do you expect? Of course the justice system is going to come down harder on a group that commits way more crime. &amp;#x200B; This crazy version of equality being advocated wants to pretend that there's no such thing as different behaviours or traits between groups.
Because the dead built the world and they deserve respect.
In the wider context of blacks committing far more crimes then it's more than fair.
Even if you look at what he does openly you'll see he's one of the most powerful and evil people on Earth. How can anyone just dismiss that like it's nothing?
Yes they CAN glorify and celebrate, and that is perfectly reasonable. If southerners want to celebrate their heritage they should do so. But that is not all statues do. Intimidation of black people is nonsense, who is scared of statues? Yes it would, history should remain preserved no matter what.
So you think cities are a vacuum. That nobody moves between cities or that broad statistics don't indicate an inherent tendency.
You know foreigners have a race too right?
So I should view blacks as less emotionally controlled and mature than myself? Well at least you admit it. &amp;#x200B; Monuments to Confederate figures are fine. Be it about state's rights, independence, southern culture, military prowess, courage - there's lots of reasons to build admire those statues. And even if it was built to commemorate slavery that's still not an excuse to tear it down.
There's no other way to interpret it. If you can't let history be history then you're emotionally and morally immature. And if you try to erase history then you should be crushed my any means necessary. Just like ISIS and the Taliban.
It is not for you to determine what does and does not have value. You only say what you say because you are unhealthily obsessed with "racism", something which is not a serious issue and is just part of a puritanical witch hunt for the college-aged toddlers who live on twitter. &amp;#x200B; Even if these statues were everything you say they still deserve to remain up. And if you hate that fact then you should live in a country with history more to your liking rather than denigrate the one you're in.
Then you don't know what decency is, only destruction. Keep playing into the delusional narrative, you'll get yours. And may all these monuments be reinstated twice as large.
Lmao that's actually crazy
Ignore the taste and just treat it as a chore to do.
And in countries with socialised healthcare like mine the public health service is utterly useless and the only good hospitals are private ones anyway. Every healthcare system is bad. Just take care of your own body as best you can. And quit calling it free, nothing is free.
The waiting times for the NHS are utterly insane. And again, it isn't free, the funding needed for it is also utterly insane.
Ok fine, that's your taste, but let's not pretend it's some paradise while the American system is a dystopia.
So you think everybody should be a single issue voter?
So? That doesn't make it worth electing someone like Sanders.
"Racist" is a nonsense term. The poverty excuse is factually incorrect, it doesn't add up with the data. In the great depression many people were made poor but the crime rate didn't go up.
Of course there's a correlation, because crime causes poverty. But it isn't a cause.
I gave you a link, I gave you a name. All the articles have tags on them. Do your own searching, I'm not your mother.
Good god you really are slow. THERE IS MORE THAN ONE SOURCE. Spend a few hours reading articles and watching debates, then get back to me. I know you people like snappy media headlines that you can throw at people as some sort of gotcha but genuine intellectual honesty takes time to go through.
If you can't navigate a website that's your problem not mine. You sent a broken link which claimed to identify something I already admitted.
I read the methodology, and it was deeply flawed.
Appeal to authority fallacy. Gender oppression studies papers are peer reviewed too despite being built on a load of bullshit. Perhaps one day you'll learn that academia has just as much dogma and politics as any government department or church, and that you need to think for yourself instead of believing what you're told to believe.
The study you provided did not show that at all. If you can show me concretely that poverty CAUSES crime, and not genetics and culture, then I'll consider it. All you have shown is a correlation with added speculations from a biased researcher.
