I'm also alone over the holidays. If you want to play a bit Siege, hit me up :) gt is Lutz Egner
Blindly rushing into objectives is even worse than people killing other players. A player who is good at 'farming' kills is way more important than a guy who constantly runs into flags. Dead bodies don't capture objectives.
Why do you lie? Bf3/4s standard tdm size was 24, not 64. Only private servers with custom settings had 64.
Looks very good!
But I thought visibility iS jUsT fINe???
OK
Out of interest, which fightstick did you get and for how much?
I watched the series as a kid and dont run around perving some random girls now. Kids are being too sheltered these days.
Which platform are you on OP? If you decide to buy it and you're on xbox, I can train and practise with you :) I am usually in in the UK servers thats why I ask. Game is still plenty alive and well imo.
I would love older DB characters because they can be more creative with them and offer cool movesets. Characters like Jiren dont have much to offer in terms of moves, even though Id like to see them. Id love Whis but there arent any moves Arc Sys can work with :/
Sie kann dich vielleicht aus der Wohnung rausschmeissen (zweifelhaft wenn sie nicht da ist) - der sozialpsychatrische Dienst kann dich aber nicht einfach 'abholen'. Mein Rat - sieh zu dass du deine wohnverhaeltnisse von selber so schnell wie moeglich aenderst! Selbst dein Hausarzt kann dir da weiterhelfen und dich weiter ueberweisen. Warum nicht selbst zu eben diesem psychiatrischen Dienst gehen?
Du kannst damit erreichen dass das alles ein bischen schneller von statten geht. Ich war in einer aehnlichen Situation. Mehrfacher Besuch beim Arzt, Draengen beim Amt und letztendlich hat es schneller geklappt als ich dachte. Ich weiss es ist grad Feiertagszeit, aber such dich auch jetzt schon nach Wohnungen um. Sorg aber auch dafuer dass du falls alles klappt mit dem Umzug du erstmal auch weiterhin auch mit Leuten im Gespraech bleibst, wie z. B die vom sozialpsychatrischem Dienst.
But that would require actual talent in map making.
Because switching spot would actually require effort on your retarded camping ass :(
We currently dont really have a character that can switch combat styles at will (yes there are stances but its not the same..) Muten Roshi with his scrawny, old moveset, he can bulk up like a mf though. Theres so many moves they can copy from old dragonball... All I want is the old geezer :p
Yep exactly :) you could incorporate the turtle too! His mega kamehameha wave with pumped up muscles as lvl 3 super etc
Nah. Visually outplaying is that name of the game
Hab mir ueber die Feiertage einen Magen Darm Virus eingefangen und mir kommts schon beim blossen Gedanken an fettiges Weihnachtsessen hoch :/
Because they aim to always have a stable 60 fps, raising the fov would reduce the framerate.
This is legit what carried me up to Supreme Kai rank (I know its not much for you but its for me) Some people never learn and still keep spamming the button
There is a 1 v 1 mode in fighterz
My personal game of the year. First fighting game I ever took the time to learn and got better in. Currently trying to climb the ranks! :)
'maining' an operator in a game where team composition is crucial and flexibility is needed is stupid. Maining recruit is another level of retardation.
I dont get it :/ whats the joke here?
Standard colours all the way. I don't like when characters look different to the original
You can choose if you want to fight against people the same rank as you, about the same, or can pick challenge where you can get matched with people of higher rank. Your colour (dark green) symbolizes your threat level, meaning how many matches in a row you roughly win or lose. It doesnt necessarly have much to do with your rank you get when you get more bp.
Theyre sorted after the date they got released which is much better imo
Hab nix gegen buntes Feuerwerk das schoen anzusehen ist. Leute die aber Boeller kaufen und anzuenden koennen von mir aus gerne sterben gehen. Edit: war klar dass Boellerer mit popoweh das runterwaehlen. Laeuft schon das Wasser im Mund zusammen beim Gedanken Leuten zu Silvester unglaublich auf die Nerven zu gehen?
Sind ja nur ein paar Tage wo sich Leute wie asis benehmen, teilweise Körperverletzung begehen. Sind ja nur ein paar Tage von denen man Gehoerschaeden davontraegt. Dann gehts ja!
Das wuerde mich vielleicht nerven, aber da kann man mal drueber wegsehen. Leider ist die Realitaet von Silvester in einer Grossstadt eine Andere
&gt; 2. Poorer players are less likely to support improvements in character model visibility. Gee what a surprise, who would have thought!
And I thank you for doing the actual work behind it. Up to the Frontpage with this!
Dazu muesste man die Polizeibelegschaft an Silvester verdrei-oder vierfachen wenn das reicht.
Ich hab auch oefters schon drueber nachgedacht mal die Polizei zu rufen bei solchen exzessen. Habs dann meist gelassen weil ich dachte die lachen einen sowieso nur aus weil 'an Silvester ist das halt so'. Sieht man ja hier im thread wieviele leute dieselbe Einstellung haben.
Players who are actually moving are somewhat easy to see. Its stationary targets that are very hard to see. People who are fairly good in the game move a lot from point to point and fall victim to people not moving at all. And since campers usually not shoot at other campers when they remain stationary it is no wonder they say theres no problem with visibility.
You mean it will then function as any good fps would function?
You know you can defend positions while also staying mobile right?
'Spaß'
Kannst doch auch in jedes beliebige Kriegsgebiet gehen wenn du so sehr auf lautes Knallen abfaehrst.
Karabiner98 literally has the slowest cycle rate of all bolt actions and is meant for long range. Quite a bit of game knowledge you have there.
Battlefield has always been more on the arcadey side, not the realistic one.
Because it would be too controversial.
We heard your feedback and will give next years operators each a brand new and unique variant of the M4 platform!
Does it say that directly in their bio? Havent read them. Besides, being inclusive to muslims and a bit antisemitic is the modus operandi of left wingers. Me, I couldnt care either way tbh
Was genau macht denn Spass daran Dreck zu verursachen und nen lauter Knall zu hoeren? Ist ne ernstgemeinte Frage weil ichs nicht verstehe.
So if there is not a single mention of them being muslim how does it paint them that way? Because they're brown?
Again, I personally do not care, you dont have to convice me. I just found your reasoning pretty strange.
Squad or Arma.
Unfortunately not. Insurgency Sandstorm is also a fairly realistic one, will come to consoles start of next year.
The only thing they have in common is a vaguely similar hat. Totally exaxtly the same!!!11
Looking good! All ops need headgear that covers their face.
Kindern kann man es eventuell noch verzeihen. Erwachsene die immernoch so drauf sind wiederrum..
Hey player xy, we need a hard breacher next round for the team, can you pick thermite please? Nah bro I need some moar headshotz on my ash rifle!!11
Looks better than most 'legendary' skins that have a disgusting mishmash of overly colourful crap thrown on them
Thermite/Bandit/Mute are my most played operators since day one when the game released
Why? I dont get it.
Maennertag/Himmelfahrt
Es gibt momentan einfach nicht wirklich viele Bands die Gitarrenrock machen im Mainstream. Finde die Band eher so lala aber begruesse es, auch mal wieder Gitarren in bekannterer Musik zu hoeren.
Jap. Ich hoff vor allem dass sie wieder nen Trend lostreten vor allem
Danke. Genau die selbe Erfahrung. Kein Wunder dass sich manche nicht so daran stoeren, weil sie halt einfach das asi verhalten aus ballungsgebieten nicht so kennen
You most probably wont be able to play online with mods.
I would replace Cell with Super Saiyan Vegeta and you have a very beginner friendly team. I can help you a bit if you want, I am also on xbox! My gamer at is Lutz Egner.
Tread runtergewaehlt von den selben leuten die sowas lustig finden.
Zieh doch in die USA wenn du aufgesetzte Freundlichkeit so geil findest
Mimimi
Wtf is tik tok?
Jesus Christ
The Road Edit: warum wird das runtergewaehlt?
Winning against someone who is a much higher rank than me
Es gibt keinen Sinn dahinter. Wird nur als Vorwand benutzt um sich mal so richtig schoen asi zu verhalten und seine Mitmenschen zu nerven.
Bis auf das Ende ist da nich viel anders als das Buch. Hab nur No Country for Old Men gelesen, faellt mir schwer zu glauben dass es noch deprimierendere Buecher von ihm gibt?
Villa has mostly just brown rooms everywhere and nu-hereford depressing grey rooms that all look the same. So uNiQuE
Himbeeren sind nahrhaft und nerven deine Mitmenschen nicht wenn du sie vertilgst. Scheiss Vergleich.
Aber die Tradition und muh Spass am ballern!!
Geht mir auch nich anders OP. :/ Werd mir dann einfach eine metaphorische pistole geben und mich sinnlos betrinken zuhause. Wenigstens muss ich nicht vor die Tuer nochmal.
Billigdosenbier aus'm Netto und Punsch den mir meine Mutter mitgegeben hat. :¦ goenn dir!
Wollen wir das denn?
Stimme dir zu, aber gibt ja noch Abstufungen zwischen Bladerunner L. A ubd 4 Haeuser Dorf
Hey das war ziemlich gut, danke dafuer!
Almost all operators have identical looking banana uniforms. (the hazmat suits)
Ich find Boellern scheisse und das Kreuz ist schon seit Jahren wegen solchen Ausuferungen komplett gesperrt
Go to your company, then the class you want the weapon for. Then replace weapon and they should be there. Cost is 1700 company coin each.
Just won a game. Was recon with P08 carbine, MVP with 48-10.Just spot constantly, place your beacon behind enemy lines and don't all rush to the same objective. Just like it is in every other map..
It will be the 5 vs 5 mode that no one really asked for.
Next one will most likely be the Sjogren from BF1.
You do realize you ruin the gameplay for the whole server?
Jup. It 'only' happens to me with the Panzer IV though.
Maps should be created with specific availabile vehicles in mind, like BF4. The 'spawn what you want' system might be nice for player freedom, but has too many problems ljke you described.
It is a absolute crap design that conquest E and D can be flattened really quick and then sniped in from C, making the game very unbalanced in favor of the germans.
Not possible on console.
How can you call brokenly unbalanced flag placment in conquest 'good'?
Haette er's nich getan wuerde es genauso heissen dass man nicht erscheint wegen keinen Argumenten usw.
Stimme dir zu, aber ist schwer sich auf so jemanden vorzubereiten imo.
I actually really like that there is something fresh and new every week. Yeah sometimes its filler content, but I dont mind that much. Only new maps could come a bit quicker and I really fear we wont be getting an eastern front theater in BFV :(
Sometimes a new skin, sometimes a new gun which is always exciting, thats what I mean. It keeps me entertained.
I only play conquest so it doesnt phase me as much. Excuse me for voicing my opinion and liking the game.
You seem angry.
Every weapon has a bullet drop, and as someone else said, its not really much in BFV.
Why do you lie?
Just test it out yourself? Try to aim for the head of an enemy 100m,away, press the trigger and see what happens.
Just reddit playerbase. Mostly uninformed people.
Jist win 10 games and getting to top 8 aint hard either.
Beautiful. This brought a tear to my eye.
http://spaceengine.org/ Da findet ihr den downloadlink. Alles was man in dem video sieht ist prozedual erstellt. Es ist atemberaubend. Ich nutze das oft wenn ich mich manchmal mit kleinen Nichtigikeiten rumschlage, um mich zu erden.
Becausw being able to spot and having the best weapons ingame at the same time would be op as hell.
Nein.
Was ist denn Sherwin fuer ein daemlicher Name?
Ist er nicht, nein.
Guns in combined arms are taken straight from multiplayer.
Alte Menschen schlecht, junge gut, hochwaehls links xD
In 2 hours.
Atleast flair it correctly as fanart. I always get excited seeing the thumbnail.
Sniping is fun. Tanking is fun. Being a mediv at C and D is fun
Not really. If it wouldnt be for the STG I couldnt even tell what these are referencing.
Klingt als ob du ziemlich arrogant und undankbar waerst.
Wat
No it wouldn't. I prefer to actually see, instead of random particle effects.
Denen haben sies sicher richtig gezeigt damit.
I honestly find the visibility ok now. The only problem I have is with prone player models. They don'thave any idle animations. Add them and its perfect.
r/outofcontext
Last BF1 DLC was rather so so in map quality and was rushed. Agreed on the rest
I never bought a single battlepack and had all the skins I wanted.
Exactly, yeah.
Da wirds nur noch waermer.
I just want BF4s attachments.
None of those maps seem overly interesting at first glance.
You can see them in motion in the trailer.
They are old. You can see these in the Last Tiger mission as well.
Metro is even more braindead than the often hated CoD in here. Says a lot about a player when they 'enjoy' Metro.
Still pissed that we're getting a Berlin map and then its fucking Metro :(
What do you imagine they could do? They tried in BF4s remaster and nothing changed about the maps shittiness
&gt;Illse Schattenwulf Jesus christ how cringey can they get
No problem man, I dont blame you :p
All of those maps except Metro (which is an abysmal map in on itself) that we've seen in the trailer use 95% reused assets. What's there to be so genuinely impressed? Legitimate question btw.
? Because I enjoy the game? Am I not allowed to not be impressed by a new trailer?
You fail basic reading comprehension? I said am I not allowed *not* to be impressed by a new trailer.
There is a Rathausplatz in every german city.
Bwt she's some edgy tough chick, sneaky 'sniper' one. 'shadow wolf' lmao.
They must cater to the brainless baddie who feels helpless in an actual real battlefield map.
No one will play that shitty mode after one/two months tops too.
I noticed new ones when manually leaning.
Lmao what. A few supports throwing ammo crates at the stairs and frag grenade rifles/panzerfausts/piats/rocket pistols can be spammed all the fucking time. Ah, dynamite as well.
de ist doch schon lange eine linke echokammer. Finde nicht, dass sich das sonderlich geändert hätte in letzter Zeit.
Warum nicht beides
Yeah, 'flank' them, in a linear tunnel shaped like a tube.
I have fun playing real battlefield, not Metro. A literal monkey could play just fine on that abomination that is a map.
Shoot flares in the air over the objectives, kill people inside objectives. Rinse and repeat. Use the P08 carbine.
Wieder mal ne daemliche Aktion von ein paar Neandertalern die den Ruf des ganzen Viertels ruinieren. Kotzt mich an. Eh schon schlechte Laune weil mir gestern auf dem Heimweg einer ne Rakete in den Rücken geschossen hat und ich deswegen nichts höre auf einem Ohr.. Edit: bezeichnend für das sub dass das runter gewählt wird. :)
Autos? Probiers mal mit Menschenansammlungen wo die genauso rein geworfen/gezielt werden.
Bin ja wirklich mal gespannt ob es diesmal weitreichende Konsequenzen trägt.
Jaja, die Polizisten haben einen der ihren selbst fast totgepruegelt und die Linken wollten nur spielen, nicht wahr?
Alles von Peter Bursch. Ist wirklich gut, bebildert und mit CDs zum Nachspielen :)
Hast absolut Recht, wirst damit in dem sub hier aber auf wenig Gegenliebe treffen :)
Da ist wohl jemand mit dem falschen Bein aufgestanden
Welcher?
Ist das ein Ableger vom Olivetree auf der Karli? In Reudnitz schmeckt mir der Globus Doener am Besten aber ich werde mal ausprobieren, danke!
Wait what, it ended?
Its ttk is almost the same as the suomi.
I play since Beta and it took maybe a few hours to adapt to those changes.
I play pretty much everything aside MMGs and at rifles. The update wasnt a big deal to any remotely good players.
I use the AGM42, MAS44, Karabin and Garand the most in terms of semi autos. Sure they feel different now but not to the point where you have to somehow develop new muscle memory over a big span of time like you imply. Takes maybe one or two matches and you're used to it.
I still play almost daily and enjoy it. 🤷‍♂️
Not sure what else to tell you dude. I do just fine since the update same as before, some stats got even better for me. It sucks you're not enjoying it as much as before but to me its really not that big of a deal. I'm not defending it, I am indifferent to the changes.
Is Hollow Knight still on gamepass?
Awesome, thank you! Always wanted to try that one out
So you totally dismiss my opinion and cite some youtubers. Lmao
The game never was even close to 'realistic'.
Its ttk is almost the same as the Suomi, it just came out last week and people want to upgrade/gild it. Ofcourse reddit needs to scream overpowered and is yet another example that many people here overreact and dramatize everything.
Dropping some truth bombs made the average bfv redditor go 'reeeeee' again :D
Literally no one cares in what way you obtained your gun skins and most normal people are glad they can do away with retarded assignments as quick as possible. These assignments are never hard, but created by a machine and thus mostly nonsensical and tedious at best. Imagine gatekeeping some virtual skins 😂
Man kann sich auch wirklich ueber jeden kleinsten Scheiss aufregen.
Oder man zieht sich den Stock aus dem Arsch und lacht einfach drüber, hm.
Betroffene von was genau, Stahlbetrieben in dem Kontext? Ich wuerd das ja total verstehen wenn irgendwas herbes da drin stehen wuerde, Hitler und Konsorten haben genug völlig kaputte Dinge von sich gegeben.
Go play ARMA, Squad or Tarkov. Battlefield is an arcade game.
Yep thats also a problem that should be adressed. Oneshotting tanks should not be possible.
Thats where teamwork comes in. Your team needs to finish off the wounded tank. At the very least if the tank needs to retread it wont harass infantry for a while.
Since 5.2 I am having as much fun in BFV as I never had before and usually play 2-3 very long sessions per week. I am fine, thx. 😉
Game Design is not a democracy.
&gt;Guns with high recoil Lol what. Have we played the same game?
Vehicles arent overpowered, people just dont play together as a team enough (piss easy to get rid of all nuisances if you play as a squad) Goes for tanks and planes btw The 5.2 changes are massively overblown and dramatized, people who complain that they cant kill enemies anymore or that it takes entire magazines are terrible shots and/or engage enemies way out the intended weapon range Passive spotting mostly got rid of camping and people laying in random spots/shrubbery which made the game much more fluent and enjoyable to play
I play since the very first bf and 'hiding has never been such a Focus like it has been in this game.
Yeah thats true, everything you said. Thanks for not simply downvoting and being reasonable. 👍🏻
No.
Kurioserweise einer der Gruppen die aber am Lautesten Refugees Welcome schreien. 🤔
&gt;Makes the game feel arcade like Battlefield has always been an arcade shooter and had some form of spotting in nearly all titles. Downvoting doesn't make the truth go away btw.
You are supposed to attack vehicles in a team affort.
You mean as opposed to tugs/motionballs/UAVs or VERY generous manual spotting range? Its clear you've never played older titles or look at those games with rose tinted glasses.
Battlefield isnt even close to realistic. You just fell victim to the marketing that started with BF3 where this whole BF vs COD thing started.
Thanks to those changes the game now feels closer to other bf titles to me. I like them and dont give a shit about 'immersion'. I play ARMA or singleplayergames if I want that, or watch a movie or read a book.
I feel you bro/sis. I know its 'just' a pet, but my cat is on its last days, maybe hours right now. Inbetween sitting next to him when he is awake I try to play a bit to rest my mind a bit but its hard to focus. Hope it will get better for you!
Played since the very first battlefield, love the changes.
I am doing fine. https://battlefieldtracker.com/bfv/profile/xbl/Lutz%20Egner/overview
Honigsenf beste
Das was man da in dem Video sieht ist noch gar nichts leider...
Hab nix zu dem Thema beizutragen ausser dass ich direkt am Connewitzer Kreuz sitze waehrend ich angetrunken auf meine Tram warte
&gt; i had a 1,14 KD now i'm on 0,52 KD. Yeah, obviously completely the game is at fault here! /s
This could have been done just the same with the suomi or the thompson.
Ithas almost the same ttk than the suomi and an equal amount of bullets.
No. If your team plays bad then it deserves to lose. Why should the winning team be penalized for playing better?
The game is competitive automatically if one team gets pitted against each other. There has to be a winner and a loser. Following your logic, points and tickets could be gotten rid of as well. After all its just a casual game right?
Lol no it sounds like you are an absolutely terrible player.
Its quite terrifying that you get downvoted for simple facts and the truth, we live in a horribpe time..
I check it every now and then but its not very active :/ I just have enough of screechy drama idiots who cant grasp the simplest concepts and act entirely on emotions
Wat Use the server Browser.
People playing together and chosing cqb weaponry on a very close quarters oriented map. What a shocker
This is a videogame, not real life. Different damage values makes it a very adaptable gun which in turn is a valuable pick.
So people are not allowed to play together now? Also, the 2A is literally a sidegrade to the tommy gun and suomi, with a ttk very similar to the suomi which is still better after 10 meters. But ofcourse its 'toxic' 😂
The gun with light bolt basically plays like a shotgun. With the 50 round mag its ttk is nearly identical to the tommygun and suomi. BUT OMFG PLZ NERF ITS OVERPOWERED!!!11
You could have done the same with a shotgun or other smgs.
It plays almost identical to the Suomi and Tommygun. There is no reason for a nerf.
I like the system now. It allows for more bold moves and risks, gunfights are drawn out more and I can now actually react to incoming fire. Players who relied entirely on 'hiding' and shooting unsuspected enemies hate this but I couldnt care less. Yes some guns are stinkers and need some readjustment but overall its fine.
I know you put a lot of time into this, but sorry, this is terrible.
Passt wie die Faust aufs Auge.
Even more misinformation lol. Smgs are all very good at hipfire, the suomi and tommygun are no exception. The 2a kills ONE FRAME faster than the suomi inside of 10 Meters after which the suomi has superior ads ttk and better recoil.
Debatable. Is a frame faster than a human eye can blink worth it to completely throw away ranged combat to you?
I like all the pacific maps, devastation, rotterdam and twisted steel. I absolutely cannot stand Narvik, Marita or Underground.
Wtf those divekick connections look sick as hell. Are you just doing a simple vanish after the initial 2H?
Ok
People love cqb guns. People also love high rate of fire guns. People also love to use new shiny things in the game. So, mission to OP: go to sym.gg and point out the stats in comparison to the A2s sidegrades (Suomi, Tommygun, arguably mp28) and tell us what exactly needs to be changed.
Nope, you are missing the point. Go ahead, look up the stats, I provided you the means to do so. Saying nothing beats the Nambu or that it is OP is simply a false statement backed up by the stats. Downvoting wont make the truth go away either btw.
Yes they are - which is completely irrelevant to the OP.
On the same page I linked to for everyone to see exactly why they are bad. What the hell are you babbling on about?
The game is far too fastpaced for any of your ideas to work.
And you conviently don't show quite a lot of posts by reasonable people who think the changes aren't a big deal and some guns need some tweaking.
What a coincidence that I just read the same forum just today and saying its entirely full of complainers (like on reddit) is a flat out lie.
Yes
You're supposed to attack vehicles in a team effort to destroy them as quick as possible.
Looks really nice but no way I'm gonn pay real money for this.
Those two new sets in the last 2 weeks for the us and japanese were decent
In so gut wie jedem Thread in dem es um Polizisten geht.
Aber doch nicht bei der Haema am Kreuz oder? Die sind eigentlich echt gut beim Spritze setzen, in fuenf Jahren nicht einmal was derartiges gehabt.
You guys are really complaining about the most random shit.
Bis auf nen kleinen roten Punkt genau auf der Vene sieht man gar nix. Haette jetzt gern ein Bild als Beweis angefuegt aber ich bin zu bloed den Blitz richtig einzustellen :/ solange deine vene nicht total versteckt ist wird man da gar nichts sehen. Und ja ist immer der rechte Arm.
Imagine being this serious business about an arcade shooter, or thinking that anyone cares
The nambu is only good inside of 20 meters. You claiming that its also good at midrange is a flat out lie. High rate of fire means jack shit when bullets dont do enough damage.
https://sym.gg/ A whopping 11 damage per bullet in midrange. Yeah totally awesome! But ofcourse stats dont matter when everything is about 'muh feelings' - and ofcourse the usual vitriol when there's no other arguments.
Ok I'm done argueing with retards. If you actually 'did the maths' and compare it to other weapons you'd see that its TTK in midrange is garbage. But dont let that ruin your circlejerk. Ignorance is a bliss.
*laughs in The Road*
Majority of people on this sub are terrible players, cant aim and think vehicles should be mere nuisances that should be able to be soloed easily by infantry.
One of the few meme pictures I actually had to laugh at
They intentionally cleaned up the audiospace so you can hear more relevant sounds close to you better (improved gameplay) But yes increasing the ambience battle sounds just ever so slightly would be nice, feels indeed a bit too quiet.
If you put 3 dynamites, an at grenade and a piat on it, no tank will survive that. Besides, you are supposed to attack vehicles together with your team.
This sub is just a circlejerk of negativity for the most inane reasons. The game is fun and you're fine.
The game at its core is meant to be played in atleast a squad working together. Its not the games fault if you lonewolf it out with randoms.
Wo ist hier die Relevanz?
Majority of players on this sub are fucking awful. So yup, he is not wrong.
It encourages you to stay in cover when you are the last Person alive.
As long as they would balance them accordingly I would be all for it.
True, you are right. However BFV is far from stuff you listed.
Das da waere?
No weapon has much recoil, even before 5.2. The Suomi is just as good if not better (more versatile) People just subconciously think the Nambu is better because of its sound (you can laugh but it does affect peoples emotional response to a weapon in games) and high firerate. Go to sym.gg, conpare both weapons. They really arent that far apart. The tommygun and even mp28 arent aswell. Thank you for being reasonable btw. It becomes more and more difficult to find people like that here.
Thank you. Can we just make a copypasta with all relevant stats in so we can copypaste it to 'nambu op' threads?
He is trolling.
'muh immersion' is more important for many idiots here than actual gameplay variety. Some times I wonder if the majority of people here are on crack or something. I dont blame devs in the slightest for not wanting to communicate with this 'community'
You can shoot planes with them.
Try out the AGM42 or Selbstlader 1916. They are still very good.
Good players do all what you listed while simultaneously killing as many enemies as possible what you call 'kd whoring'. Killing and removing the enemies from objectives is still the most useful thing you can do for the team.
Contact ea Support. They were actually quite helpful and quickly unlocked it manually for me.
When it comes to 'games as a service' titles this game is the fairest out of all of them. There is no 'premium gamepass' shit exclusive, with just about 5 hours of gameplay and doing tow missions every week I reached max rank weeks ago. If it takes you 5 hours to get weekly assignments done then the problem sits infront of the monitor as all of these 'challenges' are piss easy.
No one knows for sure dude. My guess would be additional american guns and skins, new pacific maps and the last map of chapter 6 will be european themed again.
'tactic'
Wow you're so brave posting such an unpopular thing here
No one cares for your youtube channel plug.
I like to think that its a problem more reddit specific since it attracts a very distinct demographic, but you are probably right that its much more widespread :(
I am bit older (32 next month) and have been around the internet, forums and online gaming very intensively for 15 years. Yeah I am used to the internet being a rough place, I cant stand enforced 'feelgood' posting like some carebears. But the constant shit flinging and overall childish behaviour. I mean just recently I have seen so many people get upvoted because they mentioned throwing their controllers into their tvs, behaving like literal manchildren. Even after all this time this is a new low for me to witness, lol. I dont even know why I even visit thjs shithole anymore. Guess its morbid curiosity, like watching a car crash.
Exactly
Because its true lol. But the truth never stopped people from whining on here.
What illusove magical thing would that be then?
The nambu has the highest horizontal recoil in the game, which you can not reliably compensate for unless you are a robot. The Suomi has more vertical recoil which can be conpensated for.
Then enlighten me how the stats magically dont matter?
User error then. Vertical kick can be easily controlled.
Krass das das so lange gedauert hat
So you cant even give me any concrete argument than this, as predicted. And jup thanks, I am doing just fine with the Suomi.
Weil das sub eine linke Blase ist.
Zerstoerung fremden Eigentums ist also voellig knorke fuer dich?
Denen haben sies ja gezeigt damit.
Cool, dann kann mal jemand bei dir vorbeikommen und deine Karre oder Wohnung anzünden. Sollte ja kein Big Deal sein.
Ist keine Gewalt solange es gegen die 'Richtigen' geht.
Nicht sicher ob das Satire ist oder echt.
WTF
There arent any legal grounds whatsoever for you to get a refund.
Wenigstens bist du ehrlich.
Wat
Yes, lets compare the suffering of thousands of people with a fucking videogame.
The Garand never needed 6 bullets to kill.
Reddit feeds off of drama and manchildren.
Those tanks were also much more mobile and deadly.
I haven't even expressed my preference in that post, nice assumption. People like you are the reason reddit overall is seen as a joke and garbage community.
Hat jetzt nix mit dem Thema zu tun aber es ist krass/traurig wie sehr die Innenstadt von allen möglichen deutschen Großstaedten komplett gleich aussieht :/
I dont mind the damage, its the tanks speed and the main cannons turning speed that feels so sluggish. Vehicle combat in BF4 was the pinnacle to me.
Werde konzerte usw in naechster Zeit meiden. Better be safe than sorry.
Its always the female one in the preview because thats the default one.
Nein
Og, if?
Mir waren solche Meldungen (SARS, Vogelgrippe usw) sonst auch recht egal. Keine Ahnung warum es diesmal anders ist dass ich besorgt bin. Hast wahrscheinlich recht.
Hab schon gelesen dass wieder Strassen gesperrt und Taschen kontrolliert werden heute. Bloss gut dass ich dann nochmal raus muss :|
'female' comes earlier in the alphabet than 'male'
I dont have a long list like yours, the game is simply fun for me to play. But hey, we arent allowed to say that on here :)
No ot doesn't. You are just waiting next in line to get ypur load blown off in the circlejerk.
Ich war gestern nicht auf reddit und hab ihn beim scrollen nicht gefunden, man moege mir vergeben. Wuesste nicht was sonst 'falsch' sein soellte. Danke aber fuers verlinken.
Jap und das hab ich im Kommentar eben auch eingeraeumt. Warum sollte ich also irgendwas loeschen?
Und wieder einer der nur die Ueberschrift eines Artikels gelesen hat.
They already are good if you can aim and as a bonus absolutely shred infantry apart.
Ich wuensche OP auch nur das Beste auf dass es gar nicht erst zu ner Ansteckung kam. Ich lese hier dennoch seit Tagen schon dass das alles ja eh nich so schlimm ist weil im schlimmsten Fall ja nur die Alten und Schwachen sterben. Sowas kann nur ein Psychopath von sich geben.
A and B are a bit closer to each other, hm. But lets see how it plays out.
Ich hab Vinyls die ueber 40 Jahre alt sind und absolut fehlerfrei klingen. Bei Versuch alten Festplatten noch Dateien zu entnehmen sieht das anders aus.
Ich hab mal vor paar Jahren am Superbowlabend ne Pizza bestellt (wusste nicht dass das aufm Schirm war). War so gegen acht. Sie kam gegen nachts um 2 an weil sämtliche Restaurants überfordert mit den Superbowlparties waren. Scheint doch verbreiteter zu sein als man denkt.
xep624 Ist mein absolutes Lieblingsspiel, ich spiel es jedes Jahr mindestens 2-3 mal durch. Ist auch eins der wenigen Beispiele wo die deutsche Synchronisation richtig richtig gut und imo fast besser als das Original ist. WENN ICH NICHTS SAGEN NICHTS VIELLEICHT ICH KANN BEHALTEN
I have never seen a sub with this much cancer and sprawling idiocy. How old are you?
Wildfire fand ich nicht so gut, UB aber. Ist zwar sehr linear im Vergleich zum Hauptspiel aber es kam ein Karteneditor dazu mit dem ich viel Zeit verbracht hab :)
The game is fun. Manchildren just love to circlejerk here.
You can do that with a pen and some paper.
Lol the CoD gameplay (atleast this years Iteration) is literal trash though, were you just have to sneeze in someones general direction for him to die, theres no real firefights with a ttk this fast. Coupled with lots of angles watching over open ground that you cant check at once and garbage visibility - how can anyone call this good gameplay?
BF4 also had sweeping balance changes late in its hame cycle. If anything it keeps the game and meta fresh. Never takes more than a couple of hours to relearn stuff for good players.
Lots of people also enjoy Justin Bieber or similar trash. I have to give it to MW in terms of presentation though. The graphics (minus colourful skins etc) look very good, the artstyle is coherent. The campaign was also really good and I like the weapon customisatjon. Shame that I cant enjoy the gameplay at all.
I played the original CoDs on Pc and the WWII one and it wasnt this bad. Dont even mention how the'mount weapon here' feature makes the game even more slow and a campfest.
Gamedesign is not a democracy.
The game was never about 'brutal realism', since the very first title in the franchise. Its not DICEs fault that you fantasize shit into things that arent there.
Huh?
I used to pester my then girlfriend who was a native speaker for translations and she always got mad because apparently those lines sounded very inauthentic and unnatural, especially in BF4. Fuck if I know, though. Guess its the same for the germans and non native speakers in BFV.
They sound like a bunch of ragtag mercenaries and you can tell the voice actor or writer has never heard or cared about proper military speak. Yes portraying soldiers as humane is a good thing but certainly not like this. Then again I got used to it and dont notice it as much anymore.
I always find full servers for breakthrough or conquest no matter what time of day.
Never used this function tbh. I have a few friends I play with and have no Problem playing alone from time to time. Do you play on EU or US servers?
tl, dr: alter, weisser Mann besonders schlecht und schuld an 100% all unserer Probleme.
Kenne es nur mit einem N.
Ich kann ja absolut verstehen dass man den Kiezcharakter beibehalten moechte, ich wohne gerne hier und hab hier die nettesten Menschen in meinem ganzen Leben getroffen. Die Leute sind eher Freigeister und das gefällt mir, fuehle mich wohl. Was mir aber gar nich gefällt sind dann solche Hardliner die den Ruf des gesamten Viertels schädigen. Das sollte doch jedem vernünftig denkenden Menschen klar sein dass man mit Brandstiftung und Koerperverletzung (oder kneipenfenster einwerfen usw) keinerlei Sympathiepunkte erzielt...
I play on PC as well and there are absolutely just as many braindead people on there too.
To be honest this game isnt as cqb orientied as you make it out to be. Infact, pre 5.2 the average engagment distance was the biggest in pretty much all bf titles. They just overdid themselves by trying to counter it. I hope they will find a middleground in 6.2.
Healthbars over enemies have been in the game since BF3, nametags have been in there since the very beginning. Another idiot spouting nonsense.
If the game is balanced and the match goes on for a bit longer it is not hard at all to reach these scores for good players.
Prioritäten.
Jup, I guess its because there can be women and men on the field so they made it gender neutral.
Wat. That game wasn't a milsim or close to realistic at all.
Lmao look at the downvotes from buttblasted people who think this game is something that isn't and never was.
Du weisst, dass es Hobbies gibt die durchaus sau teuer sein koennen und nix mit 'Konsum' zu tun haben?
Those 'backstories' are always so cringey, like cheap fanfic. Its the same for rainbow six operators.
Wenn ich 1-2k fuer ne gescheite PA und Verstaerker fuer meine Band hinlege, wie genau 'konsumiere' ich das? Konsum ist fuer mich staendig unnoetige neue Gadgets kaufen, staendig Videospiele oder Filme zu kaufen usw. Vlt. hab ich auch einfach ne andere Definition davon.
*yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaah*
Cancer fucking sucks.. I dont watch that dude but I hope he gets better.
If you get outgunned by a Nambu using the Garand in its intended range the problem sits infront of the monitor.
I am talking about that as well. Dice has never been keen to talk much about that. Even during BF4 CTE days they mostly were silent and only made some posts when a new client update dropped.
Die Menschheit war ein Fehler
Ich sehe keinen Grund, auf pflanzliche Nahrung umzusteigen.
'hardcore community'
Its just a circlejerk at this point, people behaving like literal manchildren. The game has some flaws but its fine. As long as you have fun you shouldnt listen to those losers spamming the same shit over and over here.
Just report people harassing you, don't engage in discussion with losers like this. They are not worth your time.
I am having more fun than I had pre 5.0 and play 2-3 multi hour sessions a week. If they further tweak some weapons that currently feel underwhelming the game will be in a nice spot.
Eh I wouldnt call Johnny Marrs twangly guitar easy on this one. :p But yeah the bass line is hard but sounds amazing
People vastly underestimate the amount of effort it takes to generate a map. Plus, the engine is not documented very well and probably uses middleware that they cant just simply give out for free to users. This would also make it much easier for cheat developers to make new tools. Unless a game isn't made from the ground up with a map editor in mind this will never happen.
Offenbar ja schon.
Krass wieviele Leute hier in ihrer kleinen Filterblase leben.
I know it is too loud, but I am still pretty proud. Can I get some feedback from you guys please? I want to form a new band under the name Surf Solar.
No youre right, reverb it is!
Laeuft bei dir.
Almost the same as mine, although I play with Majin Buu instead of Base Goku! :)
To make them more 'special'
Oh, so its not just me..
Gotta admit, this looks really cool.
I hate going against a mirror goku. Because of the Aura its not easy to tell who is who in the heat of the battle..
Muh false flag
Dann erklaers uns doch.
Nichts in seinem Kommentar weist darauf hin, dass er das nicht genauso zurecht schlimm findet.
Weil ich das natuerlich auch genauso geschrieben hab, hm?
Ok
When I bought my Bass VI. It completely changed how I write my songs.
Berlin setzt ein Zeichen fuer Eventtourismus und Wohlfuehldemos waehrend einer Pandemie? Wegen solchen Arschloechern haben dann wieder alle zu leiden wenn die Beschraenkungen wieder verschaerft werden...
Aber meine Instagramselfies :(
Name ist Programm.
Seh ich ähnlich, leider stecken die Anna-Lenas und Torbens auf dem Bild aber auch andere komplett unbeteiligte spaeter an..
Zeig mir ein Beispiel bei dem Wohnhilfen und Unterstuetzung fuer Beduerftige nicht bewilligt wurden.
'White Silence is Violence' geht gerade durch die sozialen Netzwerke.
You dont need to heat up the rotkohl though :)
Kann mich bei meinen Lieblingsbands schwer auf ein Album einigen weil alle gut sind. Daher mach ichs mal so: Frightened Rabbit - melancholischer Indierock mit einem der Besten Songwriter ever der leider viel zu frueh von uns gegangen ist. Slowdive - fuer mich DIE shoegaze Band, vertraeumte Gitarrenmusik mit hunderten von Effekten. Placebo - die neueren Sachen sind leider nicht mehr ganz so stark aber die ersten vier Alben bis so 2002 rum sind richtig starke Alternative Rock Alben die sich vom Rest abheben.
Das sind Wohlfuehldemos ohne genaue oder konkrete Forderungen. Ausser weiteren Coronainfizierten/Toten wird werden da keine Ergebnisse zu erwarten sein.
Chad Move!
Ich habe einen slawischen Nachnamen und hab sowas noch nicht ein einziges Mal in 30 Jahren erlebt. Ausser man will 'koennen sie das buchstabieren' als 'Rassismus' bezeichnen.
Wuerdest du nicht sagen wenn du in natura davorstuendest :)
Imagine thinking that this is actually the way it works.
'immense demand' 😂😂
How does a lengthy animation that takes away control of your character improve gameplay? Go play ARMA.
Muh immersion
Just another 'tool' to make people who are already bad players even worse and a nuisance to their team.
One thing I will never understand, when I am playing the game I focus what is infront of me, read the map and scan for enemies/kill them. I never notice what kind of crap other players are wearing because I am playing the game. What the hell are you guys doing, slowly walking everywhere like you are on a sightseeing tour? The only thing I actually notice is on the end of round screen or the high pitched noises female soldiers do when you kill them.
Its the same here. The game is unplayable since the last Patch.
Reddit and this sub in particular is an echo chamber and doesnt represent the overall opinion of the majority of players.
I long for the days of BF3/4 where the only 'skins' you could choose were a slightly different coloured uniform :( I like customization in RPGs and singleplayer games, but fuck them in a Battlefield game.
Dang, you made me nostalgic :(
If you are just in for the company coins simply solo them quickly as a medic. Grab one of the stg's from fallen enemies and go to town.
Imagine actively advocating for shitty RNG mechanics to be added to a game.
Wow, mit Kaffee Viereck ist 'Gefaengnis' gemeint? Kenne den Begriff sonst aus einer ganz anderen Richtung.
Nothing is stopping you from playing FO1/2.
Loading up all your equipment anf hauling it back to your rehearsal room while shitfaced isnt as great though. I wish I would be atleast as big to have someone move that shit for me. Hell, I wish I'd actually have other bandmembers or people who listen to the crap I produce -. -
Deutsch, Englisch, Russisch und Saechsisch.
Was hatte er denn geschrieben?
Ja mich hatte der Grund interessiert warum es geloescht wurde. Aber ist nicht so wichtig :p
&gt; Don’t jump on me just because you’re not a good enough player to defend a flag or engage multiple enemies. I'm sure you have the stats to back up that statement?
I am sure spamming multiple posts about the same shit daily is the right way to go!
Seltsam geschriebenes Dialogsystem, rundenbasierend, keine vorgerenderten Maps. Ich mag Larian aber das ist fuer mich einfach kein Baldurs Gate :/
Ok
Why?
Imagine being so bad that you advocate to flatten the skill curve so everyone is forced to be as bad as you are.
Play a singleplayer game then. Games with multiplayer will always have people trying to learn and to get better in them.
&gt;This dude wants to change that though Yup and rightfully so. The more time and effort you put into something, the more you should get rewarded by the very mechanics. Or do you want participation awards handed out?
Nope, I'll keep playing battlefield because I enjoy it to see my experience in the series actually matter and you can't do anything about it :)
'bUt iTs jUsT lIKe rEAl wAr!!!11'
Agreed about the map flow. Climbing over walls was a mistake.
Ich weiss. Rein spielerisch gesehen spielte es sich dennoch wie Realtime with Pause.
I dont know man, you get melted instantly in CoD just as much.
We also have a crapload of WW2 shooters.
You don't have to be a 'competitive' player to notice this, being slightly above average in terms of skill is enough. And despite Battlefield being a casual shooter, due to its multiplayer nature it is inherently competitive. You compete against the enemy team to win. You shoot an enemy, he dies. There is a winner and a loser. Usually, the better the player is, the more likely outcome is a win in the match. There are certain mechanics discussed here or in the video that bring the skill ceiling down so everyone is just as bad. Bad players dont notice, only good ones do. That is a crappy way to design your game.
Parachutes in 3/4 worked reasonably similar.
Completely agree about the unbalanced matches. The game desperately needs a teambalancer. When I used to play BF4 with my friends we were really good and dominated matches to the point were people leave the server. When that bappened a few of us switched teams to make it fairer. Which is ofcourse not possible in BFV... And yeah, even me as a pretty serious player had matches were we just goofed around. Trying to get an LAV up the shanghai tower with C4, dping the same with towable AA in BFV etc. I get that, its completely ok. I just cant understand people outright refusing or even trying to win a match. Thats not being 'tryhard', its simply playing the game. Its the equivalent to some small scale neighbourhood football field, everyone is having a good time but there is just one guy who never follows the rules etc. Sure there is nothing on the line and it doesnt matter who wins or loses but it still is disruptive and rude to the people who just want to play. Newbie Servers are also a good idea, but we are talking about people who downright refuse to try and get better. Its a mentality.
Ja und hab mich ein bischen zu sehr im Nihilismus verhangen was mir bzw meiner Psyche nicht sehr gut tat. Hast du Empfehlungen?
I refuse to believe that this is anything but a troll or that there are people out there who think this would be great for a battlefield game.
Nah. It's just (man) children crying. It's a pathetic sight.
The game is at odds with trying to cater to the fortnite crowd, people who want to stand out as being 'unique' and the crowd who wants everything to be as authentic as possible. It was doomed from the start given its historical setting. Halloween skins etc look ridicolous, but there are still whales who lap up and buy everything just to stand out.
Use the medic class to self heal and pick up an stg44 from fallen enemies. For some reason it does way more damage against the bots.
Den Staat von innen zersetzen!!11
Find es immer wieder erstaunlich dass es Menschen gibt die tatsaechlich denken 'joa, fertig mit dem Artikel, so denke ich, das wird jetzt veröffentlicht' und dafuer auch noch bezahlt werden.
For someone who is just doing it (datamining) for fun, temporyals editing and layouting is really on point. Overall really amazing job he did.
I dont know why people like fortifications either. Its pointless busywork at best and can actively get you killed at worst when the enemy inevetably takes the objective back.
Wenn man das Wort Polizisten in dem Artikel mit anderen Woertern ersetzen wuerde waere das schon bösartige Hetze. Frag mich wo da wohl der Shitstorm bleibt. 🤔
Danke dir! Hab ich mal auf meine Liste gesetzt!
'but what about .... ????'
Ich zieh mir doch nicht die Hosen mit der Kneifzange an!
bruh
Bro its called Canis Horribilis. Essentially meaning the 'big bad wolf'.
I just found it funny you thought it meant cannabis. No need to apologize :)
Almost as if they would dumb the game down to anime characters further to the smallest common demoniator to appeal to an even wider audience.
Lol das mit der 'Satire darf alles' haette eins zu eins genauso von einem Afd Schwachmaten kommen koennen. Wenn das die Chefredakteurin persoenlich verteidigt weiss man ja was man von dem Blatt zu halten hat.
People who complain about the 2a are idiots. The Suomi does the same thing the 2a does bus better, even moreso now that the 2a has been nerfed. Where are the complaint threads about the Suomi?
Wenn es zu nem Diskurs kommt hat die Anzeige (die eh nie durchkommen wird) wenigstens was positives.
What makes you think they will and not just turn it even more up to eleven in the next title? EA had been consistently shown to be not a learning animal.
I would love Whis as I like his character, but he has no moves they could pull from the show. He basically never really was in an actual fight.
Argh, es wird 'teilweise' geschrieben :p
Weil der Rumpf /Centermass nunmal die größte Angriffsfläche bietet. Ich glaube du unterschaetzt sehr stark wie schwer es selbst fuer ausgebildete Schuetzen ist ein sich schnell bewegendem Ziel einen Schuss ins Bein zu setzen, gerade auch noch in so Stresssituationen . Im Zweifelsfall schiesst derjenige dann vorbei und wird seinerseits von dem Messer verletzt. Da ist, so morbid es klingt, der Schuss in den Oberkoerper 'sicherer'.
Lange nicht mehr so gelacht, danke!
Eine der ersten Regeln die man beim Schusswaffentraining beigebracht bekommt ist, dass man sich jedes Mal klar sein muss dass die Waffe auf iemanden zu richten eine toedliche Intention vorraussetzt. Nur mal eben so anschiessen gibt es nicht.
Gibt Ecken in Berlin da wuerd ich auch als 30 jaehriger ungern nachts alleine langlaufen.
Am Kotti und so Seitenstrassen vom Goerlitzer Park zum Beispiel. War nur zu nem Konzert mal dort (bin kein berliner) und war wirklich froh als ich aus dem Viertel dort raus war.
Wurden auf ner Strecke von vielleicht 500 Meter bestimmt fuenf Mal relativ barsch angesprochen ob wir nicht vielleicht doch Drogen kaufen wollen. K. A, ist einfach nicht mein Fall und ich will damit nichts zu tun haben. Edit : Downvotes weil man keine Drogen kaufen moechte. Peak r/de
Ist das normal, dass man soviele Sachen heutzutage per whatsapp klärt? Wenn ich ein Problem mit meinem Vermieter haette wuerde ich im Buero vorbeischauen oder anrufen. Den als WhatsApp kontakt hinzufügen wuerde mir nicht einfallen.
Bei mir gibt es nen extra Button dafuer um einen neuen Kontakt hinzuzufügen. Selbst wenn, wuerde mir nie in den Sinn kommen ueber Whatsapp mit dem zu schreiben. Ist das selbe wie mit seinem Finanzberater, Anwalt, oder Beamter vom Sozialamt auf WhatsApp zu schreiben. Fand ich einfach kurios.
In what way?
Youve never played the originals did you.
I like NV but Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale, Jagged Alliance 2 and Fallout 1 will always be my favorites.
Why wont you ever play live again?
I dont know why you are downvoted. You didnt say anything wrong.
Noch nie gekauft, mal bei jemandem genippt. Schmeckt scheisse.
The songs I spent the overwhelmingly most time on for my own band project are viewed as 'eh, its ok'. That one song I punched into the DAW in 4 onetakes in 1 h and maybe an additional hour to barely eq and compress? Its my most popular one 🙃 To reply to the op, it depends on the genre. Most people care about authemcity, familarity to other bands and sounds in the Genre and that the track isnt too loud or too quiet. Thats pretty much about it for Normie music listeners.
People often forget that the entire businessmodel for this game and thus additional content after release was based on people buying cosmetics.
Enemies wont go away themselves from an objective. In order to capture it, you have to kill the enemies.
Der Ritt endet niemals
Der Laden wird sehr oft beschmiert und die Fassade beschädigt weil der Besitzer einmal die Polizei gerufen hat als ein paar Idioten in dem Park vor dem Laden Muelltonnen verbrannt hatten.
I really hope DICE will learn their lesson from this.
Geht's noch ein bischen kantiger?
Liegt vielleicht auch eher daran dass diese Produkte besonders haltbar sind, nur mal so als Denkanstoß.
Weil du damit niemanden abholen wirst und das gegenteil erreichst, wie hier im Thread zu sehen. Niemand mag militante Vegetarier / Veganer.
Die Billigwurst wuerde genauso gebunkert werden wenn sie laenger haltbar waer.
Ich hab kein schlechtes Gewissen wenn ich Fleisch und Wurst kaufe/esse. Auch nach dem Lesen von diesen missionarischen Threads. Und nu?
Wenn Messer und Aexte pauschal als Waffen bezeichnet werden muesste wohl in so so gut wie jedem deutschen Haushalt so eine Durchsuchung gemacht werden. Schlagring geh ich mit, kann aber meines Wissens nach vollkommen legal gekauft werden, lasse mich aber gerne eines besseren belehren.
Warum nicht?
&gt;Schlagringe sind sowohl im Besitz als auch im Gebrauch illegal in Deutschland. Ok danke, wieder was gelernt!
Ich komm auch vom Land, allerdings aus Sachsen, nicht Thueringen. Meine Exfreundin hat aber in Thueringen auf dem Land gewohnt, ich fand es schoen da. Naja, jetzt sind wir trotzdem Leipziger.... :D
Imagine a group of players working together being effective in a game that was meant to be played as a team.
&gt;Sind die 15 Min., die du brauchst, um ein Steak zu essen und zu genießen, genauso wichtig einzuschätzen wie das Leben des Tiers, das dafür getötet wird? Rechtfertigen 15 Min. Genuss, dass ein Tier von Beginn bis Ende gequält wird? Klar. Mal davon abgesehen dass ein Schwein weit mehr als nur ein Steak hergibt und viele Menschen satt macht.
Hunde und Katzen haben in der westlichen Welt durch ihre (besonders bei Hunden) eng verknüpfte Geschichte mit dem Menschen einen anderen gesellschaftlichen Stellenwert als Schweine. Davon abgesehen sind beides Fleischfresser/Raubtiere deren Fleisch meist nicht so gut schmeckt. Ausserdem hat auch niemand behauptet man wuerde es explizit geniessen Tiere zu töten. Es gehoert abet nunmal dazu.
Fast so als ob die ueberwiegende Mehrheit in Deutschland eine weisse Hautfarbe hat.
Demnach sind zig Millionen Deutsche alleine also Soziopathen. Steile These!
Ok, Torben.
Metro and Marita.
Hoffe es gibt jemanden mit dem selben Talent wie der Parkranger der da seine Stories geschrieben hat. Die lese ich gerne immer mal wieder.
'Nur'.
Das ist bis nach Luxemburg bekannt geworden? Krass :D
HAIL SATAN
Finde alle Dialekte gut. Mir sind Leute immer auf Anhieb unsympathisch die peinlichst genau drauf achten, bloss nicht im Dialekt ihres Herkunftslandes zu sprechen. Find ich albern. Hatte mal ein paar Dates die ganz gut liefen, gehapert hat es dann daran dass ich einen saechselnden Unterton habe, dies aber ein Dealbreaker fuer die Dame war. Tja, nicht mein Problem. Lustigerweise stammt sie aus dem Erzgebirge wo der Dialekt noch viel krasser ist lmao.
Operation Underground or whatever it is called this time.
Imagine being such a petty cretin
Imagine having the audacity to have AND voice an opinion in 2020.
Well its not your channel and no one is forcing you to watch Dannys videos either.
Its a linear, small, no vehicles clusterfuck that attract the worst players since the very Metro in BF3.
No, cqb is fine, but not when the entire map is all but that. A good battlefield map has something in for everyone.
Dae muh authentic visuals???!?!?
Yikes. I wouldnt play with the average reddit baddie anyway.
m'atheism
Prima Kandidat fuer Consume Product.
The Glow.
Den Artikel vollständig gelesen?
Because this is not a singleplayergame?
Finds krass dass 4chan trotzdem noch da ist. (also das sub) Darf ich erfahren wofuer ich herruntergewaehlt werde? :)
These are wigs.
Klick einfach mal auf die Kommentarefaeden da, ist schon ziemlich harter Tobak.
Blaue Banane.
Warum trinkst du sueddeutsches Bier in Leipzig? :/
Echte OGs sitzen auf der Muehlstrasse vor der Sternibrauerei. Hmmm, der herrliche Geruch von Biermaische in der warmen Sommetluft.... /s (hab da paar Jahre direkt nebenan gewohnt)
Uri geh ich mit dir mit, aber Sterni, vor allem das Pils schmeckt wirklich gut.
Schoen waers :( war so nahe dran dass ich mir nen Schlauch durchs Fenster als Direktanschluss haette legen koennen!
Hab das auch mitbekommen und anfangs seine Videos geschaut, war ein sympathischer Mensch. Sehe nix verwerfliches daran tbh. Als der Saenger von Frightened Rabbit sich leider das Leben genommen hatte wurden ueberall auf der Welt kleine Plaketten und Denkmaeler errichtet, ausserdem eine Organisation fuer die Hilfe von Leuten mit Depressionen und psychischen Krankheiten geschaffen (Tiny Changes) Finde nicht dass das irgendwie zum Selbstmord anstiftet oder das beschoenigt.
They arent op, but can be annoying. 1 shot on any range without being able to rect = one sided entagmemts. They aren't really fun from a gameplay perspective.
Its not too late to repent, Ningen!
