Could've just said "No, I don't remember most of Berserk." Could've just said that it's been a long time since you read it.
You are clearly the epitome of good parenting, lmao.
Better than being an alcoholic to be fair.
He is staying in his limit, he doesn't drink anything. This is the first time I see a guy being knocked for choosing not to drink alcohol. Some ppl just aren't good with alcohol, some ppl get addicted easier than others. Isn't it a good thing that he knows his limits or whatever and stays true to them?
He means r/worldnews...
Why would there be inches on there? Most of Europe uses 0% of the imperial system and the metric system is used for science. Why would we need inches on our rulers?
Why do we have to know what a foot is? Nobody uses that.
I have no legs. So no.
I have, it was terrible and horrifying. Nah, for real now, there is not a single reason why us Europeans would have to learn the imperial system so obviously many (probably most) of us don't have a real concept of these measurements.
I mean, at this point Dinamo is also quite known for their talent "factory", and they are also EL regulars with a CL thrown in there here and there.
You know the good thing about young talents is that they don't necessarily need to make an impact immediatly but later on when they are better...
In religious/spiritual contexts it absolutely can be and does.
60 chapters? How would you be able to fit in all these happenings and characters in 60 chapters?
And everybody asked you appearantly, lol.
Wat? Rekao je odmah na RTL-u da bi ukinuo pomilovanje.
Napao ju je zato sto je prestala sa pomilovanjima nakon sto je pomilovala svoje "prijatelje".
Kada je i jedna i druga strana cisto govno, a HDZ ima masineriju. U mojoj obitelji nekih 40%-ak posto glasa za HDZ bez da uopce prate politiku a uz to jos i seru kako HDZ krade. Pa vidis da narod trazi neku trecu opciju, jebeni Skoro je dobio 25%.
Jel se ti smijes kako je to rekla ili sto je s time mislila?
People were hyping him up too much, whenever I expressed any doubts I was downvoted to hell. Of course he's a great prospect but people were expecting 15+ goals in the first season.
There's clubs where people fight and reenact historical swordfighting.
If Jovic trains badly that would be the explanation why Zidane doesn't want to give him a chance.
20 goals is great lol, I wish.
Who did?
He made a joke, I made a joke.
Could've said "11 Albas" as well. Just say "11 cunts".
Barca has 2 more points than Real Madrid, wtf are you on about?
Oh yes, do the math. I bet you predicted Barca drawing today against Espanyol as well, you just did the math. Man, you are insufferable. Until the next Clasico in La Liga there is much time by the time it's played Real could be 4 points ahead, or, get this, could even win against Barca. Now tell me, great mathematician, how many points will Real Madrid have on the 27th matchday and how many will Barcelona have?
1.) We don't have the same problems, we are defensively sound but worse in offense than we used to be. 2.) Why are you taking Barca out of the equation? Barca isn't the same team as 3-4 years ago.
As in, you don't know the word?
Yes.
It's thursday, chapters usually drop on wednesday/thursday. So today should be the release.
Hazard? What the hell are you talking about?
You do know that your decision making can get better with experience...
*Pathseekers. That's what they are called, I believe Bushin already means "martial God". So Houken's parents could have been pathseekers whose path was the healing of people. Then they were killed by a pathseeker whose path was to become a Bushin.
The problem is that Riboku isn't going "all according to keikaku" but is making the best out of the situation. Giving up now is not an option for him and so he prepared multiple back-up plans (which is exactly how he was since his introduction). Nowhere in this chapter did Riboku even imply that each and every thing was according to his plan. On your actual point, Kanki himself is surrounded and the fact still remains that Qin has no more food left. It's exactly as Riboku said, the Ousen army will be a problem but they are weakened and they have to get to Gyou because the initial plan of defeating Ousen's army on this day has no chance of happening.
Probably because his role was to guide Houken to the answer and be witness I guess.
Except that Riboku has always been the bigger threat for Qin than Houken and there is still Shibashou, who was certainly introduced for a reason.
That's quite a bold statement, they could have beaten Riboku for sure, but it's not a 100% certainty. Riboku's troops still arrived sooner than Ouki thought was even possible. The main reason why Ouki even considered a second army appearing was because the set-up for the trap was too perfect.
This issue was not released last week, Young Jump was on break last week.
When did he say everything is going according to plan? He just stated that he prepared for a situation like that, and which supreme commander wouldn't have a back-up if things go completely south? When did he say Zhao is unscathed? Can you tell me that? He is just saying that the Qin are weakened and their numbers thinned (completely true) but they cannot defeat them so they have to go to Gyou now, even if Ousen will pursue them. Kanki himself is already surrounded, so Riboku would have more soldiers at his disposal there. &gt; I think it takes at least 1 or 2 days to reach Gyou and more with an army pursuing them. It takes one day to reach Gyou from Kantan, Shukai Plains are somewhere in the middle. It won't be 2 years, the war is on its last legs and this arc is ending pretty soon.
Well, it's simple. Name me 3 generals that have more feats than Riboku since the start of the manga storyline.
He could disengage and then try to circle around them and outpace them as well. Ousen's army is smaller and in a worse state because of no food.
Scans come out before the official release. Young Jump comes out on thursday, we get spoilers around monday (before the official release) and then the translated chapter on wednesday/thursday. Manga published in Weekly Shonen Jump, which comes out on mondays, usually (or used to, before the recent events) come out on friday, so 3 days even before the official release.
Well isn't that what a general should be? Always calm, assessing the situation and figuring out the best solution possible? This sub hates on people that "sweat" and panic in certain situations and then it hates on Riboku for not panicking and still trying to salvage this situation.
.
1.) In Bayou he used Houken as bait, yes, but in the end it was his plan that paved the death of Ouki. Ouki even admits that he had been outplayed. 2.) On a political scale Riboku showcased scheming abilities when he made the alliance with Qin. 3.) He was one of two (known) people that saw the significance of Qin taking Sanyou, he was the one that assembled the coalition (another political feat). 4.) Set up a contingency plan since day one at Kankoku Pass, that plan in the end almost ended Qin as a state. 5.) When he realized Qin cannot be stopped through conventional means he switched his grand strategy up and targeted Qin's resources, which would then force Qin to attack Gyou under SHK's plan. But even then Riboku already set up another trap in Retsubi. 6.) Has been shown to be around equal with Ousen even though he's going to lose the battle in the end.
1.) And it was still Riboku's plan. Houken wasn't there by chance but specifically because Riboku used him. I don't understand the point of "got his ass kicked", I just wanted to show that Riboku is more of a threat than Houken to Qin. He was capable of keeping up with Qin without Houken, and Ousen himself says if Zhao's king wasn't an idiot they would have retreated. All this should tell you that Riboku is still very dangerous to Qin.
He has to remain confident so that his troops do not become nervous. We've heard this a couple of times in this arc (specifically YTW talking to Ten and Heki). The situation also is vastly different than it was at the beginning of the day. Ousen has commited all of his troops, just like Riboku, but Riboku started off with 20k more soldiers in his center army. The Qin do not have any more food. &gt; The problem here is that these small units do not poses a threat to KanKi army, so calling it being surrounding is a stretch. And that is because the small units are acting independently and stopped fighting Kanki altogether a few days ago. Maron himself stated that they would be a problem if they fought like a cohesive army, which would likely be the case if Riboku takes command. &gt; True, but so is Riboku's. And how exactly is weakened Riboku's army (that is currently getting destroyed in a pincer attack) capable of challenging 50k strong KanKi army? Ousen's is severely more beaten though, particularly because they were fewer soldiers to begin with and they have no more food left. Disengaging now seems a hell of a lot better than disengaging on the morning of this current day. &gt; Another point why his "back-up plan" is bad - Qin might be out of food, but if RBK is disengaging and leaving them alive and kicking, Ousen can easily send his troops to forage in the surrounding area and than follow RBK south to Gyou to help KanKi But what is Riboku supposed to do? Beating the Ousen army on the 15th day is impossible, but they are on a time limit. Ousen would spend some time and energy trying to get to some food, which could give Riboku the opportunity to try and relieve Gyou. It's the best shot he has right now, of course it's not ideal, but he has to try and salvage this situation.
Well, they are not basically generals, they will be after this arc, and I'd argue Riboku's feats dwarf their feats save for maybe Shin (because we are following him).
&gt; He started off with 20k more then Ousen center army, with some of these troops(I'll be bold and put ~5-8k) put under KinMou to protect against Qin right wing. However, as we know, KinMou's troops got destroyed and Shin's and AkaKin's troops pincered Zhao's center army. I'll be bold once again and suggest Shin+AkaKin command ~10k. As a result, it is ~42-45K from Zhao side vs. ~40K, add the fact that Zhao army getting pincered which greatly reduces any advantage Zhao has in numbers. However, you are forgetting that Ousen used 5k soldiers for his HQ, and that Riboku was dominating the battle at the start, which means at the beginning Qin was losing more soldiers than Zhao. &gt; And if RBK leaves for Gyou without keeping Qin troops in check, Ousen would be free to forage and find food for his troops faster then RBK reaches Gyou Before Riboku reaches Gyou? I don't see that. Ousen would have to locate a city that has enough food to feed his army, get to said city, sack it, and then let his army rest and eat there. That would take more than half a day I believe. &gt; That doesn't answer a simple question - how many man would RBK have (once he arrives) and would that be enough to challenge KanKi's 50K and not repeat the Shukai Plains situation where Riboku lost? Riboku should have 50k troops on Shukai alone, plus the troops that are already surrounding Kanki at Gyou and maybe even some troops along the way. &gt; Sorry, but this is almost 100% false (except for the food situation): But the food is paramount. Not to mention, I still believe Riboku has more troops in the center army; that the HSU and GHU are badly beaten thus you cannot expect much from them from now on; Mouten barely held onto defending with his army so I doubt he did significant damage to Kisui's army. &gt; Take the L, retreat but keep his army (or what's left of it) close to Ousen's army to prevent him from foraging If Gyou falls it has been stated that Zhao would have a knife at its throat, that it basically would determine the future of the state. Riboku isn't just gonna accept that as long as there is a sliver of a chance of preventing that. &gt; It would be fast considering there would be no army stopping him Depends on what you mean with "fast" relatively speaking. Riboku needs half a day to reach Gyou, in that time Ousen would need to find a city (or other food storage), sack it, and let his army rest/eat. This gives Riboku significant time (if Ousen decides to go find food instead of straight up following Riboku). &gt; As I mentioned before - in order to relieve Gyou RBK needs an army that can challenge KanKi's 50K army, and we (the readers) are guided during chapters 606-628 to believe that he doesn't have that and yet behaves as if getting your losing army with heavy casualties out of pincer, than circling around Ousen unchallenged, than making a beeline for Gyou and immediately fight and beat KanKi's army isn't a big of a deal. Blame Hara for that, not me. Riboku's center army for sure has 20k left (at least, I'd even argue more). Kisui has another 12-15k probably; Bananji another 3-5k (not counting the Gyou'un and CGR soldiers, who all kinda scattered). That's already an army that is for sure capable of challenging Kanki's army. And I used conservative numbers. Now take the soldiers already at Gyou, who should number in the 10-20k as well (at least); as well as possible troops Riboku can pick up on the way, and that's an army that for sure can challenge Kanki's army.
*Zhao, first of all. Zhou was the previous dynasty. Also, you are talking about results only and I'm talking about feats. Riboku lost the coalition war, his feats in that arc were still amazing. Riboku was unknown because he was fighting at the northern borders against the Xiongnu, a tribe that has been harrassing the Zhao for decades. Because of Riboku they stopped their vigorous attacks on Zhao. He wasn't unknown because he was some stupid dude, but because he didn't face off against the other states in China.
Of course it matters, the thread literally asks us why Riboku is so praised.
&gt; Most of the people who are praising Riboku, are really praising history. People have a difficult time , keeping the two separate. His only true great accomplishment, was the killing of Ouki. He accomplished that with two armies and a arrow. It's quite easy to do, with a second army. Do you rememberthe battle of Sai ? Get the point. The whole point of the whole strategy was that it wasn't an easy feat. Riboku defeated a large Xiongnu army, performed a perfect information lockdown, prepared a trap for Ouki in Qin (so another state), and even when Ouki started to catch wind of it Riboku arrived before Ouki even thought was possible. You cannot just go and say it's easy while ignoring the whole set-up. You are looking at this way to simplisticly. This is a manga, we actively follow the story and know what is happening. When a character performs something amazing, that's a feat, even when in the grand scheme of thinks loses the war or battle. By your logic Heki is kinda a better general than Riboku because he lost only one war he participated in so far. **Here are just some of Riboku's feats:** Outplayed Ouki using a complex strategy; was one of 2 (known) people that saw through Qin's grand strategy behind taking Sanyou; from day 1 at Kankoku Pass he prepared a contingency plan which almost wiped out Qin; was able to perform the Ryuudou from the ground (to this day one of the most complex formations in the series); switched to a resource draining grand strategy to deal with Qin (which forced SHK to come up with this crazy plan of attacking Gyou); even still made even Shouheikun's plan impossible with his trap at Retsubi. He was shown to be roughly on the same level as Ousen (when it comes to strategy) the entire arc basically; managed to kill Makou on day 1; saw the weakness in Akou's formation; was able to decipher how instinctual generals wage war from one encounter with Duke Hyou.
Weren't you one of the guys that said de Jong "took one for the team" against Espanyol when he got a red card?
He is. Apart from Vinland Saga I cannot name another anime that I would put above AoT this year, and I'm sure many people would agree with me.
Then please never pick the judges you picked this year again. Because this is quite frankly ridiculous. AoT has a nomination in almost every category but not AotY? The Maiden anime has no nominations except for AotY? Mob Psycho had 2-3 better fights in that season than the fight picked for the "best fight" category.
Look at the list, AoT is nominated for almost every category, yet some Maidens anime (who doesn't have a nomination in any other category) gets the spot for AotY instead of AoT? AoT is one of the most critically acclaimed animes in recent years, and the last season was probably the best so far (and certainly the most important). It makes 0 sense that it's not nominated for AotY (even if I wouldn't vote for it as AotY, it has to be nominated).
That's not how you measure feats, at all. Ouki lost the battle of Bayou, yet he was amazingly impressive with predicting stuff and it's a major feat. I don't see people bashing Ouki because he lost the only battle he participated in in the manga. Looking at it as "it's either failure or success, nothing else matters" is way too simplistic. The question was why Riboku is so praised, and most people who praise him do it because of his incredible feats in the manga.
So the reason why people are hating on Riboku is because he is an antagonist (mostly) and the reason why people praise Riboku is because of his feats (mostly). Hating on somebody because he's the antagonist is something that is, honestly, baffling to me.
Suspensions from the supercopa carry over to the league.
I mean, it's not fair that Atleti and Real Madrid got to participate in the supercopa in the first place.
This is precisely OPs point. What Riboku did was much more believable, yet they complained that it's unrealistic. Then Ousen does something 5x more unbelievable, and they just accept it.
You're telling me I'm throwing a fit just for stating my opinion. This sub is here for discussing anime stuff, it's not whining when I state my opinion. I don't even care about these awards or who will win, I'm just stating how absolutely ridiculous these awards are.
What do you mean with "thin air". Please state your definition of "thin air" as I believe that my definition of that phrase is different and I want to challenge you on that.
You are talking about the defensive record of Juventus and a team that had Marcelo as left back. Ramos had to cover 2 positions during periods of the game. You're really underrating him defensively, I'm not sure how many games you watched with him. Yes, he does make mistakes, and yes he is overly aggressive sometimes, but he's still top tier as a defender. Not to mention, he's amazing at the ball as well, contributing greatly to build-up. Which is also a trait a modern defender should have.
But why would you just believe this report immediatly?
I don't think you're getting this scene. Sei just proclaimed to Riboku that he would conquer Zhao (and every other state), Riboku had to make a threat and bolster himself up. Secondly, you underestimate the difference between an offensive and a defensive war. Especially when Qin also has to look out for other states wh would pounce on any weakness they show on the borders. Qin sending all their troops to attack Zhao, like Riboku suggested here, would bring a spectacular failure because Chu and Wei would immediatly use that opportunity. Simply, the purpose of this statement was to make himself threatening to Qin's officials and rattle them a little. Like Shoubunkun says a couple of pages after that, it's part of his psychological warfare. And it worked, on most of the officials.
The thing is that the court isn't just Shouheikun and Sei, it's all the officials. Rattling them is enough, and why shouldn't he do that if he can? I don't see how it diminishes him when he just performs a political show. Shouheikun informed him that they would kill Riboku before Qin's resources/spirit/strength "sap away". In a scenario where Qin really sends its major troops to attack Zhao I'm sure Chu and Wei would be able to do massive, maybe even crucial, damage to Qin.
Quite frankly, anybody that takes this threat in an enemy court literally is stupid, imo. I have nothing more to say, it's painfully obvious Riboku just bolstered himself up and it's also obvious that it worked on most of the officials (judging from their reactions). If, as implied, Qin sent all its generals to attack Zhao it would be a quick end for Qin as well because of Chu and Wei.
He still beat them and only lost because of mountain tribes interference. Sei had a reaction, not a major one, and it wasn't fear, but still a reaction. The actual point was to intimidate Qin's court, which isn't just Sei and Shouheikun. The two options are "intimidate Qin's court" and "don't intimidate Qin's court", why would you say the second one is the better option?
But they did take him seriously, why are you talking in hypotheticals when we have the manga for reference? They took him seriously because they know how dangerous he is, because (unlike you) they know that Riboku is their biggest threat atm and he was hours away from destroying Qin were it not for the mountain tribes. Riboku claimed he could beat all their generals simultaneously in a **defensive war**. No, he didn't even state that much, he stated the would be no match for him. Given that, if king Toujou didn't cuck him, Qin would have absolutely no chance in this current invasion, this isn't too far off the truth either.
Literally the top comments are explaining why people are too stupid to see through this statement.
It's explained that if they killed him here the Zhao citizens wouldn't let themselves ever get ruled by Qin because Riboku is quite adored by the citizens of Zhao and killing him in court while he is your guest and you dishonored yourself for life.
They were here before that as well, the first comment here was the comment explaining why Riboku did this. To Qin Riboku is the most dangerous man, and like stated many times already this quote is not to be taken literally anyway.
You first sentence makes no sense, Riboku didn't even try to stop them from invading Zhao because that was impossible, lol. He literally states that the "future is clear" and the war with Qin is inevetable right after leaving this meeting. It's not meant to be taken literally ffs, it literally served its purpose because it rattled everybody in the room save for maybe Shouheikun.
Sei showed a reaction, on the very page where Riboku makes that statement. He showed he won't be pushed around; he stood up against "tyranny" from Qin. Politics is a lot about appearances, you have to keep up appearances. The enemy king just finished making a statement how he's gonna conquer your homeland, do you show weakness or do you bolster yourself up?
1.) Completely misunderstanding my point. Any king depends on his court, whether he rules absolutely or not. 2.) Not head canon when it's literally stated. I believe it's chapter 496, by Kaioku. 3.) In the long run? Probably no advantage, except for maybe keeping up the appearance of the big bad for everybody in Qin. But you're ignoring what I just said. Politics is about keeping up appearances a lot of times, like in this case. Riboku isn't just gonna let Sei and Shouheikun make their threatening statements and go out humiliated, that's not happening.
Qin already knows Riboku is a monster, but when Sei says something like he did Riboku has to stand his ground to keep up appearances. His statement, for all intents and purposes, worked.
Wait, but Perez got a loan for the new stadium, the stadium isn't being paid out of the budget in full but the bank will give the money and Real will be paying the bank over an extended period. Iirc the annual payment will be 25 million €.
Perez got a loan of almost 600 million euros for the stadium. Real will be paying back 25 million euros per year over some 30 years. The stadium won't strain the budget at all essentially (or minimally).
Except it did, because everybody except for Sei and SHK was rattled and Sei showed a reaction as well. I don't understand what your point of "he's losing anyway" should mean.
But he was at Barcelona... Or are you saying that Barca management just said "Oh well, let's take this random guy as back-up for Suarez he can be shite, we'll just take him we don't care"? In which case, lol.
It was a threat made in front of your enemy after that same enemy proclaimed they would wipe out your state no matter what. It's basic politics, he bolstered himself up to make himself threatening and retort Sei. What should he have done? Should he have said "You know what, you are right. Zhao doesn't stand a chance, please conquer us."?
I like Kingdom more, OP is great and all but it's no contest for me. Kingdom is my favourite manga of all time while I'm not even sure that OP makes my Top 15.
So, sales determine which thing is OBJECTIVELY better? We are talking about our opinions about two manga, there is no "objectively" here, it's all subjective. There's other manga that are consistently in the Top 10 volume sales.
That's entirely your opinion, I have read OP up until Wano and dropped it then because in my eyes it kept getting worse (save for a few exceptions). &gt; I love kingdom, and i understand that OP is harder for non-japanese audiences to bond with for some reason, but OP is definitely superior from the characters and their depth to the complexity of the fantasy world "Complexity of the fantasy world", well how can you compare that and give an argument that that is the reason why OP is better when Kingdom doesn't have a fantasy world nor is it needed (or wanted) for a story of this kind.
This makes 0 sense, you are only talking about sales here and taking those as face value for which thing is objectively better? So, in your eyes Fairy Tail was a Top 10 manga series while it was running and series like Vinland Saga and Monster are worse than all of the popular generic Shonen because they sell less? I mean, AoT has been selling consistently in the Top 10 for years now.
I hope you read the Kingdom manga and haven't watched the anime...
My point is that there is no objective quality when talking about literature, sales aren't an indicator of quality, they are an indicator of popularity. Popularity isn't quality.
Good mate, you a real one. Nice to see that the rojiblancos have people with a quality taste on their side.
Never said it's not the king of manga, I just said that it surely isn't the most quality manga objectively because there is no most quality manga objectively. Just think about it, you're telling me series like Fairy Tail and 7 Deadly Sins are objectively more qualitative than series like Vagabond, Vinland Saga and Monster simply because they sold more. Fast and Furious 5 is more quality than Shawshank Redemption objectively because it did better in the box office.
That's my point, how can you say that FT is objectively of better quality than any of those series? You talk about stuff like "it's niche" which only refers to how many people read it (Ketil's Farm is the best arc in the series imo); you say Vagabond didn't get "hype" which also only refers to how many people read it. Would you say popularity and quality are the same thing? And that you can say which is objectively of better quality in literature. Like I said, there is no way of objectively measuring the quality of a series. You can objectively measure the popularity. I say OP is the king of manga because it sells the best, not that it is objectively the most qualitative series (because I don't believe there is such a thing).
I kinda agree and disagree at the same time. I agree that there are some glaring problems in the latest arc in general, and I hope the writing style changes to what it was before. However, I also have to say that these elements were always present in Kingdom, they were just used excessively in this arc. I still enjoy it though, very much so.
I'm just trying to understand your logic. Are things that sell better automatically of better quality?
Yes, he wants to be king of his own state.
1.) **Worldbuilding:** How much worldbuilding your story has entirely depends on what kind of story you are telling. I agree that the worldbuilding of OP is amazing, but it's a series that very much so relies on it while there is plenty of series that do not. 2.) I disagree on many parts that it's well written. This is where the subjectivity comes into play. What is good writing to you doesn't have to be good writing to me, or to a third person. I'm pretty sure we would disagree on how well written certain arcs are, or certain characters. There is no one objective measurement as to say "this one is objectively good, everybody that says it's not is objectively wrong". 3.) OP avoids a lot of tropes but it also follows a lot of oversimplified tropes. A fucking lot. That's not inherently a bad thing (or good thing). 4.) Character wise One Piece really isn't anything special. Its main strength is world building and "grand storytelling" (in detailed storytelling Oda messes up pretty often imo). I see no reason to claim that OP is objectively above Kingdom, or that it's hard to argue that any manga are above OP "objectively". OP has its faults, just like any other series, and how you rate something comes down to opinion pretty much.
Ok? You're completely missing my point. Oda's world relies on world building because it's made up from scratch, it's an integral part to his storytelling, and it's his main strength so he uses it as often as possible. Kingdom doesn't rely on worldbuilding, Hara doesn't have to put as much into worldbuilding as Oda. You are arguing something I never even stated to begin with.
So, Fairy Tail is objectively better written and of better quality than Monster/Oyasumi Punpun/Vinland Saga/Billy Bat? 7 Deadly Sins is objectively better written and of a better quality than Berserk? Fast and Furious 5 is an objectively better written and more quality movie than Godfather, Shawshank Redemption and Parasite? These are simple yes or no questions, should be easy to answer by your logic.
No, I'm just saying that there is no such thing as objective quality when it comes to movies or manga or books. I'm not simplistic enough to equate popularity to quality, especially since you haven't even considered all aspects of popularity. The largest demographic that reads manga are teenage boys. So, obviously and logically, manga for teenage boys will, on average, do better than manga for adult men. Following your logic that means these manga are objectively better written. Incredibly flawed and stupid thinking. Go ask the question in the r/manga subreddit "Which one is a better series, Fairy Tail or Berserk?" and look what the answer is. Simply put, your logic on how to say which manga/movie/book is objectively better written is devoid of any logic, it's flawed in its very concept.
Jojo started as a Shonen in Weekly Shonen Jump and I don't understand what you don't understand about "on average". It's quite a simple logic to follow "manga is read by teenage boys the most thus manga intended for teenage boys are read the most". Eh I won't bother anymore, I mean you basically said Fairy Tail is better written than Berserk or Vinland Saga, why am I even bothering lol.
I never think or thought that I'm surrounded by stupid people, I only think that your reasoning here is beyond stupid. It's so bad that's I'm still asking myself whether you are trolling or not. But doesn't matter now anyway.
Whose only option is to run east? When? SSJ could join Riboku eventually, but he would take a 2 or so days to reach Gyou iirc.
This is reddit, he's not writing a doctorate in literature. You don't know what websites he visits, or if he even wants to change his keyboard's language depending on what website he uses. This is the weirdest shit to be pedantic about.
He can, he doesn't have to. He can write correctly, he doesn't have to. This is reddit, you had punctuation mistakes in your comment, nobody is going up in arms because of that. Changing the language on your keyboard also changes certain keys, depending on where you live, so it can be quite bothersome.
Why are you omitting commas? Don't you know how to properly write in English?
Kingdom as a series doesn't depend on world building at all, while One Piece definitely does. Two entirely different ways of telling the story. Also, Kingdom definitely doesn't need as much world building as One Piece lmao.
How about watch the game of the team you support, lol?
Ja sam si kupio platnenu vrecicu i samo nju nosim kada idem u kupovinu.
No contact? Pretty sure handball has way more contact than lacrosse.
What real truth? Real Madrid got screwed over by refs multiple times this season, and no matter how many times Sevilla cry about it their goal was rightfully disallowed, and not only that the goal that was allowed should've been disallowed as well.
Milanovic hasn't even officially taken office yet...
My point is that you're not even making predictions, you are talking as if it's already happening ("it's a disaster").
Does it matter? This isn't some low-effort meme, it's just what happened between two football players before a football match. This is better content than 70% of news articles from shitty newspapers posted on this sub.
Yes, words have meaning. But it seems to me you're completely ignoring the words he said so far in favour of whatever you think.
So, what words exactly are you referring to that already started tearing apart Croatia's relations with other countries?
The downvote button exists for downvoting things that shouldn't be here. As you think this post shouldn't be in this subreddit as it's irrelevant. Thus downvoting is perfectly acceptable.
Disagree. This is a short video that is supposed to be funny, nothing serious. Like the guy's cock yesterday being hit by the corner flag. Shitty rumours on the other hand are mostly posted as "serious" content, but they are just shitty and add just as much to the sub as "irrelevant" posts like this. The only difference being that one thing is supposed to be some light fun, while the other isn't.
Wait? Why do you think I care about this video any more than the dude getting hit in the dick? If van Dijk and Alisson had a funny encounter before or during a game I would react the same as I would with any funny video posted on here: blow wind out of my nose, eventually chuckle, eventually check out the comments and move on.
Building diplomatic relations while governing the country and building diplomatic relations while being nothing more than a symbolic figurehead are two entirely different ball parks. It's much easier to build diplomatic relations while being the president. I'm pretty sure he would want good relations with Czechia and Slovakia, pretty sure he was specifically targetting Poland and Hungary with that statement.
"You found something amusing that I didn't find amusing, that means I got higher standards than you." This is turning into a kindergarten fight. If it's funny nicknames in funny moments, why not? You don't think if it came out that Man City players call Guardiola "bald fraud" it would be posted here? &gt; Also quite clearly something funnier between a corner flag and someone being called a giraffe. Says who? Says you.
&gt; Oh it would but using bald fraud as a measuring stick is basically comparing shite. Don't understand your point here. But if you have a problem with my example then here is another one: Don't you think it would be posted here if there was a video of Firmino bantering Trent on that one snapchat story with the pregnant woman? &gt; Yes and anyone remotely with a grip of themselves. I didn't find one funnier than the other, since I didn't find any of the two videos particularly funny, just amusing.
Does that apply for Brazilians as well or only South Americans from spanish speaking countries?
Think the fact that Granada is playing with 10 men is also pretty significant mate.
McDonald's isn't the same everywhere, you have differences between all the countries in Europe, let alone the US and a European country.
"My neighbour died from one species of black mold that means every single species of black mold is dangerous." That's not logical at all.
Why does he automatically have to be salty? Dude just made a joke.
1.) They can charge a lot for cancer cures. 2.) If you survive cancer chances are you're gonna need some other treatment in the future. It's not like cancer survivors become invulnerable über-humans.
1.) I understand what you mean with Houken, but the whole argument about "not even a general" makes no sense. Shin is already strong enough to fight against the strongest people, his rank doesn't matter. Hara just decided to make this final duel kinda like their clash at Sai, it's basically "enormous weight" vs "no weight". You can hate or like that. 2.) I don't agree with your assessment of Riboku at all. He's still a genius, what does it matter if he lost two battles/wars? Just look at the things he has done, why just look at something simplistic as results?
The main reason, in my eyes, is because the young trio massively overperformed while Riboku's deputies were major letdowns for the most part.
I personally am looking forward to the next battle with Riboku, if he hopefully survives after this war.
Then why didn't you, mang?
On new issue day? On cocksucking motherfucking new issue day!?
You could just admit that you didn't know it was a joke mate, instead of doing this embarrassing stint now.
Didn't Rebic have a great game and score 2 goals a few days ago?
Which one?
Yes.
Bale travelled back in time confirmed, grew up sometime after 2013.
Just when I thought I was out, it pulls me back in!
How?
Or, hear me out for a second, how about we just agree that we have differing opinions? There is not a single reason to say people who love the show are "derps". You're not the decider on what's a good quality story/series and what isn't.
Pretty sure it was adjutant Kozen.
Or could it be perhaps that your comment was oozing arrogance and you were coming off as a pretentious prick? You trash a show, call the fanbase derps, and then you're surprised by downvotes? Lmfao. &gt; You just cannot accept the show is an average tv show I can accept that you dislike the show perfectly fine, it seems to me that you, however, cannot accept that your opinion isn't fact but just... an opinion.
&gt; Every downvote i get is one person who is begrudgingly agreeing that the show isn’t that great. Prime time delusion right there. Of course you know why some 20 people downvoted you because why wouldn't you. It definitely isn't because you called a fanbase "derps" and acted as if your opinion is some kind of fact, it's because they agree with you. &gt; Nothing i said is arrogant. Calling a fanbase derps because they like something you dislike is being an arrogant prick. &gt; What is arrogant is downvoting someone for not liking your favorite tv show, you bunch of weak willed children. I downvoted because you called the fanbase derps, don't care what you think about the series personally. However, I find it fascinating how you don't seem to understand how reddit works, start talking badly about anything that is popular and chances are you're gonna get downvoted (no matter the fanbase, it quite literally applies to anything that is popular). &gt; Breaking bad fans are among the worst people in the world. Lmao. &gt; And it doesnt matter how anyone phrases anything, even the slightest criticism of the show, no matter how thoughtful, and the fans downvote en masse. Because the fans are both stupid and the derp army. Like I already stated above, this applies to anything that is popular. Plus, if you thoughtfully write constructive criticism chances are you won't be downvoted to hell. I wouldn't have downvoted, hell I wouldn't have replied to you. &gt; Also, if you think what i wrote is in any way arrogant or pretentious, that really shows who you are as a person. Its a very revealing thing about who you are inside. Acting as if you are better than a group of people because you dislike something (a fucking TV show at that) isn't pretentious? A little self awareness dude.
Conveniently leaving out that you called the fanbase derps. &gt; and that I bet any defense of the show will hinge on it being ‘cool’ or ‘epic’. That is a non-statement because, first of all, it's not true, and secondly, something being perceived as "cool" by a person is a perfectly valid reason for liking something. However, I know more people who would say they were "intrigued" and "fascinated" by the show than "cool".
Um, Qin started it. "Started" is the wrong word tbh, since this has been happening for the past centuries in China anyway.
You should delete this comment, or at least edit the spoiler out.
When did Riboku cry about it? Are you trying to imply that Riboku shouldn't look out for Zhao's self interest?
The sole reason why he organized the coalition to destroy Qin is because Qin was planning on conquering all the other states, growing stronger rapidly, and made the first step towards that goal when they took Sanyou from Wei. Riboku saw it as a necessary thing to stop Qin because they would go on to conquer all of China if nothing was done. He tried to appeal to Sei because he doesn't believe in his ideology that conquering the states will bring everlasting peace, and the conquest of the other states would bring an unbelievable amount of bloodshed. Two entirely different things and not really comparable (at least the way you do).
You also have to consider that the army positions played to the coalition's strength. Hence why Gohoumei attacked Kankoku Pass, since he has amazing siege weapons that he constructed. Ordo was positioned in the mountainous region next to Kankoku because that's the terrain he excels in. Chu was positioned in the more accessible side because they had the most offensive power to break through. If Renpa participates in the war he would've had the position that suits him the most.
Pretty sure he's talking about this current team and not since the inception of the football club.
You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me!? Then who the hell are you talking to? Cause I'm the only one here.
When Real Madrid loses next time you'll see how many Barca fans will be present.
&gt; but he'll mainly stick to Valverde's tactics so the team don't get uncomfortable. But... he didn't stick mainly to Valverde's tactics...
Hazard when he was at Lille though. Also, let's not forget people calling him out for choosing Valverde over Ceballos and Llorente and see how that turned out.
Not just Madrid fans, it was people in this sub in general.
It's how you read the kanji in Chinese, it's how his name is written.
And now you also became a whiny bitch by making a whiny post on how other people are whining about some attention seeker trying everything in his might for people to notice him. It has come full circle.
Seems that way.
I'm white, if I had a black girlfriend and my parents told me I cannot date/marry her because she ain't white that would be racist imo, hence the reverse situation is racist as well in my eyes.
&gt; Also his "I was hacked" reply is most likely a jab at how cowards are not owning their words and pretty hilarious, to me anyway, in the context of him putting out a video with him saying these triggering words about Kobe into a camera. He deleted the tweets like a pussy though. EDIT: And he put his twitter on private as well, lmao.
Freedom of speech and yet you're crying. You're making a comment just to cry about people being upset about a comedian. No matter how much you defend him, Ari won't let you fuck him dude.
Who is the "you" you are addressing here? I'm not upset with Ari, I don't care for Ari at all. If you ask me for my personal opinion on the tweet and videos, I don't think they're funny, nor do I think they're in good taste. I believe he is an attention seeker. &gt; slow thinking beta males Yikes. Now this is some major cringe. Hilarious though, cause you yourself are getting pretty upset with people who are getting upset.
&gt; men don't do that. Thats teenage school girl behaviour lol Yikes.
&gt; ya little gossip girl lmao Yikes.
&gt; you're not a man, you're a bitchy man child Yikes.
Yikes.
He defended Epstein, he was a guest on Epstein's island, he wrote an article how the age of consent should be lowered to 15 (without any limits). I mean, there's just as much proof as for anybody in the Epstein case.
Unless you think that none of the people who visited Epstein's island were involved with the shady shit there is no reason to make a special exception for Dershowitz or Trump. If you believe none of the people who hung out with Epstein were involved with the shady stuff then I'd say you're pretty naive.
Epstein and his shady stuff has been an open secret for years, yet Trump not only associated with him, he also directly commented on the girls who "are on the younger side". They both attended each other's social events. Best case Trump knew about the shady shit and kept quiet, worst case he participated ("He likes them on the younger side, just like me.").
So wait, the public had a strong suspicion, it was an open secret to basically anybody in Epstein's circle, but Trump who was a friend of Epstein for quite some time and attended parties of his (where supposedly stuff like that happened) had no idea, even though he commented on it? Give me a break. Next you'll tell me Trump is draining the swamp and wasn't a con-man who would say anything to get elected into office.
Yeah sure, pulling out of the Paris agreement, kissing Israel's and Saudi-Arabia's boots, the Ukraine abuse of power affair, surrounding himself with people who are part of the "swamp" he promised to drain. Can you tell me what specific steps he took towards draining the swamp?
1.) Climate change is real, whether you like it or not. Ignoring all the signs and the science behind it is, in my eyes, straight up crazy. 2.) Even if it wasn't real (which, again, it is) why is it bad to actually not destroy the environment? Am I right to assume you can't give me one proper example of Trump draining the swamp? Is that why you diverted the entire comment concentrating on one thing I said? Tragic.
&gt; Princeton physicist points out it's currently impossible to model the climate, it's too complex. If you think he's wrong, please tell me how you know for sure they have modeled it correctly? First of all, everyone can pick and choose scientists, why don't you go with the consensus? Secondly, why are you looking at models made by supercomputers when you just have to look at our changing weather patterns? &gt; The biggest part of the swamp Trump is draining is the fake news media. You know, the ones who brainwashed you to hate the very thing that is best for you and your family's future? What's the best thing for my family and my future? &gt; Trump is cutting ~8 regulations for every 1 new reg. This is huge for freeing up business. Over regulation hurts small business &amp; communities in general. Lack of regulations are the reason why the US medical and food production fields are so fucked up. Medicine costs more in the US than in Europe cause of no regulations; chemicals that are forbidden in the EU because of health hazards are used excessively in the US; consumer protection in almost all fields are lacking in the US. &gt; I mean the fact that you missed all this is just sad and I hate that my life is spent explaining this shit I didn't miss anything, because the stuff you see as "draining the swamp" I see as absolutely laughable. "Fixing healthcare" for example, the US has the most inefficient healthcare system in the first world. I mean, just look at Trump's cabinet, full of establishment career politicians, so much for draining the swamp.
If Barca is transitioning then so is Real Madrid. Not to mention, Atletico, who also got quite a few new signings.
Actually, the only thing I see here is the fans of "everyone else" crying.
I mean, have you watched the actual games or have you just watched who scored the goals?
Well, then we disagree. Entertainment is subjective, not objective.
I don't understand what you mean with that, could you elaborate?
But most of those things La Liga has as well (drama, stories created by teams/players/managers), the Premier League isn't the only league with those things. The style of the league probably is more appealing to the general audience (more fast paced), but everything else La Liga has as well. For me personally La Liga's style of play is more appealing anyway, generally speaking.
Not a fan at all, rather get rid of some games then.
To balance it out I will: - donate $100 if he does anything of note - donate $50 if he does nothing. Any side bets going?
Das als "krank" zu bezeichnen ist einfach nur lächerlich.
So that means that that line doesn't apply anymore. Otherwise it makes no sense. There were several things that Ousen had to rely on that were outside of his control. Like, for example, Yotanwa and the Ryouyou battlefield. He didn't even know how many soldiers there would be on Zhao's side in the Ryouyou battle, but he knew they would be at least double the numbers Yotanwa had (it ended up being more than 3 times YTW's numbers). There is several of those things in the latest war.
We literally see him being referred to Li Xin/Ri Shin in the first 2-3 pages of the manga, lol.
I disagree, I think it starts of amazing, then gets even better, and then it gets slightly worse but is still great.
Which minor characters should've died? I agree that, obviously like any story, there is plot armor. I disagree that it's so rampant though. In the latest arc, for example, (the arc you're talking about) plenty of minor characters died.
Well, 10. 236 BC is almost over, if you count the years it's 10.
It seems strange to me to be mad at a guy for donating money to a charity/organization because he didn't pick the one you wanted him to pick or he didn't donate to every (?) charity/organization.
It's also ok if he comes from a poor background and the state helped him/his family finance the education, like any first world country should. We're not in the middle ages anymore after all.
Just a small inaccuracy with the map. The new one is closer to real history, Qin was already at least as big as Chu in that period, most probably even bigger.
Always love map updates.
Qi didn't attack historically, so obviously they wouldn't attack in the story either. I think the other user meant to show a glimpse of the general who was initially sent by king Ouken, before Saitaku negotiated Qi's withdrawal from the coalition army.
I agree, just wanted to say it's not a single rag, it's multiple lol. During the Wei Fire Dragon arc we see a flashback panel of Ten washing Shin's clothes and he has at least 4 identical shirts. At this point it can be assumed that Shin intentionally buys those shitty shirts or, worse, has them tailor made lmao.
Plot armor is present in every single story where the characters get into dangerous situations numbnuts, lmao.
*Ri Shin.
Other people like it, that's why its sales are high.
No shit lmao. OP has been selling well for decades now, it almost reached chapter 1000. Kimetsu no Yaiba ran for a few years and already ended.
Even with backlog sales those sales are insane. It shattered OP's yearly record in 6 months.
Why is it misleading?
Sure, and in the Ohara flashback Robin came back from a 2 month vacation on some summer island, lol.
Good chapter, except for the fact that the BM pirates got pushed off the waterfall again. It's just a very lazy way to keep them out of the battle. Other than that, Apoo's limitations seem reasonable and the plot progression was decent.
A club being in debt doesn't mean they don't have any liquidity to do business or anything else really. It doesn't work like that.
"I can understand the black person being armed, but I can't understand the white person being armed, even though they are on the same side and want basically the same thing." Wut?
"I'd rather my parents cut my dick than me having to take a shower."
Name me one Western European country that is a bigger shithole than the US, I'll be waiting.
&gt; ( fucking bullshit magical power in manga about fucking history ??? seriously ??? ) Have you been reading the manga or just looking at the pictures? Wait, even if you just looked at the pictures you would immediatly see that the manga isn't even trying to be realistic. It's a historical fiction manga, it's not a fucking documentary. I'm actually fucking baffled how somebody could have such bad reading comprehension or such low intelligence. It's not even about liking or disliking aspects of the story (I disliked the death bs as well), it's about having the ability to read and comprehend something. That is taught in fucking elementary school.
This is one of the dumbest statements I've heard. They're on the same rank as Heki, but they are also on the same rank as Kanki and Ousen now. "General" is such a broad term and tells us little about the actual abilities of that general. Not to mention you severely underestimate Heki and his accomplishments so I even dunno what your point is. Obviously they shouldn't be great generals, so what do you want them to be?
I don't find her that attractive but saying that she is "disgusting" is just ridiculous. She has a decent face, her bone structure around the cheeks is amazing. Her eyes are pretty, plus her ass is top tier.
Cool story, but I don't really care.
Yes, I can. Forget the fact that I said I don't find her that attractive just find it funny that people call her disgusting. I also find Korean Pop idols attractive, and they are like 80% plastic surgeries.
Spoken like somebody that cannot even name 5 western European countries, let alone knows what the living standard in those countries is, LMAO.
Precisely how Hara uses size. Ouki and Houken's blades are equal in size because they are roughly equal in strength. When Shin first faces off against Houken his blade looks like 3 times the size of Shin's, but as soon as Shin starts fighting with him on equal grounds their blades are shown to be roughly equal in size. That's not only with blades, but also with sizes of humans/characters in the series. There's so many instances where somebody looks huge in comparison to another character to show the difference in their abilities.
I know a lot about the US because European education &gt;&gt;&gt; US education. I'm 100% sure I know more about South American countries, African countries as well as Asian countries than you, simply because our geography education was that much better than the average US school. When it comes to average living standards most Western European countries completely shit on the US. Like, it's not even close. Be it cost of education or cost of healthcare, quality of healthcare, infrastructure, cost of living in general, rights at the workplace (in my country you have to have 5 weeks paid vacation per year at the minimum, and 6 weeks if you work for the same company for a number of years). Hell, the main thing Muricans are so proud of, "freedom", is just a facade of the US government given that they infringe on those rights just as often as any other government, actually they do it more often than your average first world country government.
I mean, considering you are so sure of yourself I thought you'd have something like Boogaloo groups openly discussing racist things on a forum, or a video where Boogaloo guys act racist or in favour of the police during the protests. Hell, the article doesn't even provide a single source. They say some white supremacist that are part of the group tweet some racist stuff, but do not provide those tweets/posts. Ironically, the one thing they do provide a source for is a guy saying the upcoming "war" isn't about race, it's against the government overreach.
Proof for what? I have to prove that Boogaloo is not a serious white supremacist group and that it's mostly a meme? How do I do that? Might as well prove that god doesn't exist and that Bigfoot and the Loch Ness monster do not exist, lmao.
Depending on the classification there is like 10-15 Western European countries.
&gt; If they were not Great Generals they wouldn't be able to lead expeditions as Supreme-Commanders, That's just wrong and I have no idea how you got that idea. We had Tou leading expeditions as a supreme commander before he was made a GG. Hell, we had fucking Heki be supreme commander of an army. &gt; That is cuz they are already great generals. They are not. It's been stated in the manga that they are generals with the abilities of a great general, but they aren't officially great generals.
Defend what? You have now proven to me that you have no reading comprehension whatsoever considering that I literally state that I also hated the death and resurrection bullshit. So, how the fuck am I defending anything? I'm just baffled that somebody can read 600+ chapters of this manga and think it's realistic or be oblivious to the superhuman and magical elements. Like, an elementary kid could be able to see that after reading the first 100 chapters ffs.
On what account?
I'm still baffled by the fact that the US basically has two parties that can win an election. Think about that, that's one more party than China and North Korea, lol.
How does that matter when we don't know how strong Moubu is in comparison to Oukotsu, or if it really happened the way Kanmei describes.
&gt; In the U.S., each candidate must build a coalition within the various constituencies of the party to win the primary, then try to get elected to a position in the general. I'm sorry if I sound ignorant, but why is it then that there seems to be a serious lack of "diversity" in American politics? Like the majority of the Dems and Reps are your average corporate politicians. Also, how does a candidate that doesn't have those mainstream views get a chance to represent the parties in general elections? Like, how does a Bernie Sanders (who isn't even that niche) get a chance to run for president and get a chance to participate in debates.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Jong-nam I guess he wrote a wikipedia article as well just to fool you.
What happened on Tiananmen square again? Or remember the war against the 4 pests, lmao. Yeh, that was dumb.
Yeah, but we've already seen that the primaries can be manipulated once. I find it dumb tbh that candidates that are pretty different in their political views have to fight for the "same" spot in a primary, one wins by a pretty close margin, so the other one (who also had massive support) has no chance really in participating in the general elections. Let's say a lot of Americans participated in the primaries and they aren't manipulated by the parties themselves to push the candidate the establishment wants. Let's say Biden wins against Sanders in those primaries, but it's really close. If you voted for Bernie in the primaries what do you do now? Biden shouldn't be an option, considering he's your typical corporate establishment politician, so someone most of the Bernie voters directly oppose. The other one is Trump. What kind of a choice do you have as a voter in that situation in the general elections? You either vote for the boomer you hate, or the other boomer you hate.
I don't understand your point. My point is that there isn't much of choice in most elections considering you can essentially choose between two candidates and most of the time you have to vote for the guy who you hate less. &gt; but the Liberal Democrats have been the spoiler in multiple recent elections, and formed a coalition government with the Conservatives from 2010-2015. I don't see a problem with that. In Austria the Green Party has formed a coalition with the Conservative party and I don't see the issue. Finding a common ground even if your ideals aren't the same is kinda the point of a democracy. And if, for example, the Green Party does some shit that alienates their voters, well they won't get the votes in the next election then because there is other parties on the left one can vote for.
&gt; There is much diversity in American politics. You’re just not looking in the right place. The final two candidates in the general election will tend to be centrist appeal types that build a broad coalition, like Biden or Romney. Look in the primary, and look at local elections. Yes, but that's kinda my point. It's "logical" that fewer people will vote in the primaries, even the parties want that to have a better control over who will win the primaries (not to mention those primaries can be manipulated, as already seen). So the centrists win, and then you have to vote for a guy who you actually do not agree with politically at all.
Mouten should be Jerry cause Jerry is the smartest of those three and so is Mouten.
The statue is hundreds of years old and will obviously be retrieved and put in a museum somewhere or some shit. I understand taking it down, I don't understand throwing the thing into the river.
&gt; Why would anyone bother to put this in a museum? The statue was put up in the 19th century and shows a rather prominent historical figure, particularly for the city of Bristol. I don't see how a history museum in Bristol wouldn't want that statue to be displayed. Just my two cents.
So they have to throw it into a river? Just tear that shit down, why the hell do you have to throw it into the river?
&gt; Well, the guy did throw slaves overboard to claim on insurance if they would not survive the trip and just save on the food costs. That's horrible. It's still a statue that's over 100 years old and you achieve one of two things by throwing it into the river. Either somebody has to retrieve it or now you have thrown something into the river polluting it further. Not to mention, I would still rather see this piece in a museum, it's been erected more than 100 years ago after all.
&gt; Limited space, for a start. Purely on grounds of practicality, putting up that statue takes up a comparatively large amount of gallery space that could easily be allocated to two or three other pieces. Meanwhile, if you want to talk about Colston, why wouldn't you go for contemporaneous documents or items or, failing that, reproductions or images of the same? There's zero teaching value to having that statue on hand. History museums aren't just "places we store old shit." They're places we store items that help us make sense of the past. Do you know how limited the spaces are in museums in and around Bristol? Or is that just a shot in the dark? I've been to museums where they literally have a spare room for things that they might aquire. Also, this wouldn't be a "who is Colston?" piece, it would be "This thing used to be a memorial in our city for over 100 years, then citizens tore it down" I mean, the story of the statue itself isn't uninteresting. &gt; Just because it's old and made of metal doesn't mean that it has historical, artistic, or even monetary value. And just because the dude its depicting or made for or made by is a piece of shit doesn't mean it doesn't have any value whatsoever.
I can tell you, students were protesting against the totalitarian regime and the military was rolled out and killed somewhere between 300 (official Chinese number, most certainly an understatement) and almost 3,000 people, mostly students (2,600 was the figure from the Chinese red cross btw). If we look at the official numbers from hospitals in Beijing, well there has been at least 490 dead and 900 wounded according to those. But even that number would be low considering that certainly not everybody that was killed would be brought to the hospital. So, yeh.
I did, I'll say what I said again, the Chinese Red Cross spoke of 2,600 dead. 500 are confirmed dead and 900 more were confirmed injured. That's above the official figure of 300. What happens in China if you say stuff like "Xi Jinping is a fool" or "I don't trust the party, I want democracy" publicly?
Gyou'un was handicapped after the Raigoku failed to contain Ouhon. Ouhon injured him after he already was exhausted and only had two full power thrusts in him.
Gyou'un was handicapped after this happened, and Ouhon was the one to injure him in the first place lmao.
?????? Are you kidding me rn? This is clearly an analogy, literally before this Shin was telling the story how the food he ate when he wasn't starving tasted disgusting because it was "stolen". Like, it's not that complicated.
The meaning stays the same, is my point.
Appearantly it's not even a mistranslation, lmao.
The 5th 4 Emperors? Wut?
"American alphabet", top fucking kek.
???? That doesn't make sense. You don't give a shit what the original Japanese version says because it has been mistranslated even though the guy tells you it hasn't been mistranslated?
Trotzdem nicht so dicht wie Wien, lmao.
"So many", there's been one post about it and that post gives exactly 0 explanation. It doesn't say which character means what and why it should be translated that way.
Exposure, top fucking kek. Like Drake or Ariana Grande or some shit need exposure from fucking twitch streamers.
"Omg, the DMCA shit is so stupid, just let me play music on my stream." "What, somebody is taking the highlights from my stream and posting them on Youtube? That's literally stealing dude."
In the last 2 years XQC made more than 2 million dollars off of subs alone, not even considering donations and sponsorships.
No matter how much you simp, erobb won't sleep with you unless you are a Tier 3 sub for 2 years.
Chess.com asked permission, he gave them permission. If he was affected by this or mad or sad he wouldn't have given them permission. Simple as that. It's a simple concept.
Because she's making a grimace.
She's making a grimace dude. [Like this](https://images.app.goo.gl/iwzwQmiQH8K8gsR38)
&gt; He is still a poor man. You joking hopefully, lol.
It's not weird at all when Lrobb has been a meme well before this tournament started and they literally asked his permission to make the emote.
It looks off centered because it is off centered because it's supposed to be off centered because both Kyoukai and Ten are making grimaces. I honestly don't get why that is so hard to understand, lmao.
Shin bought armor after his first campaign, he is now a general and has a fucking mansion. Did you see his mansion? And you're telling me he cannot afford pretty armor? How does that make sense? Answer me that.
He isn't even relatively poor, Shin right now should be in the Top 1% of people in Qin.
I just got the feeling you're one of those people that just cannot admit that what they have said might have been wrong.
Look at that goalpost movement, LMAO. It went from "Shin is poor man" to "prove me wrong he isn't poor" to "it's not in his character". I don't even know why you're telling me that because I never said he should buy flashy armor just that he could. Well, I have proven you wrong.
It's ok to say "Oh, I was wrong".
Dafuq is Berserker, lmao.
OP gets 3 chapters per month, not one.
Obviously the latest version.
ONE is the author of the original webcomic, Murata draws the manga. ONE tells Murata what to draw because he uses the manga to expand his story and character arcs. Basically, ONE gives him a rough storyboard and Murata draws it (with certain liberties in fight choreography and character designs) in his amazing style. Then ONE gives the thumbs up or tells him what needs to be changed. Sometimes however a chapter gets published and ONE realizes he would like to change some things after the publication. So he tells Murata to redraw/change that chapter and we get a second version of the chapter with the changes (and the new version is obviously canon, while the first version isn't). The Child Emperor vs Phoenix Man fight became a meme in this sub because it had to be redrawn like 3 times and there is 4 versions of it or something, lol.
No problem, welcome to the community.
So Kanjuro told Kaido and Orochi the plan failed. If they now just dismiss this and still act as morons I have no hope for this raid anymore. Please, Orochi and Kaido, don't be dumbasses, I beg you.
That's why Orochi is there. Oda can write Kaido to be a complete dumbass (I dislike that, because he's an Emperor so he should at least have some semblance of intelligence), but Orochi is there. He's totally wasting Orochi as a character. Not to mention, the entirety of the Beast Pirates save for a few exceptions (bless them) seem to be complete morons. I dunno man, I'm just disappointed with this arc so far.
He's a dumbass. I'm 100% sure Kaido would not want his party to get fucked by the raid, no matter if they are able to defeat them. Yet, he had to basically actively let them get on the island. He wants to "break Luffy's will" by putting him in a prison where he gets a minor body workout, gets enough food to heal, can have contact with all the other prisoners including Kid, and he is stronger than every warden in that prison. Really great fucking job, that's the guy who broke into Impel Down and started a prison riot and then escaped and yet he tries to "break Luffy's will" with that shit, top kek. &gt; I don't feel like Orochi is wasted at all, i hate him more than Kaido for what he has done to the Scabbards and their friends. Orochi is wasted in the sense that he's been introduced as a paranoid guy who will do anything to be sure he will stay in power. We then find out he worked his way up to Shogun from the bottom and that he also has some tactical understanding when he destroyed the ships and bridges. Move forward and the whole tactic with the bridges is moot because Orochi couldn't remember the distances in Wano (like, wat???) and he's enjoying himself without a second thought because he sent some fodder to stop the Scabbards. That's the dude that was paranoid for 20 years because Toki said something and put a "curse" on him, and when that curse turned out to be correct he's chilling after he sends some random fodder to stop the Scabbards. Orochi, after Kanjuro tells him the plan failed, should flip out (I hope that happens) and actually do something smart.
1.) So he does care. 2.) Kaido one-shotted Luffy with a basic attack. No Haki, no DF powers, nothing. Luffy trained for like 4-5 days, if that's enough to go from "cannot take a single hit, cannot damage base Kaido just standing there" to "able to stall and damage an all-out going Kaido" then we have a serious problem going forward in the story imo. I'll repeat, Luffy couldn't scratch a base form Kaido and was one-shotted by a basic attack a few days ago in story time. 3.) It didn't happen to Kid and it literally didn't happen to some random fodder guys in the prison, but it will happen to the guy that has pulled through more serious stuff 2 fucking years ago? We see fodder who have been in the prison for 20 YEARS and their wills haven't been broken. So who is Kaido kidding?
I'm commenting on the fact that the guy said Luffy would be the 5th "Four Emperors". Yonko translates to 4 Emperors. If a 5th Emperor emerged the title would obviously have to be changed to Gokou.
Well, obviously atm Luffy is not an Emperor lmao. Just because a news article says he's an Emperor doesn't mean he is. Hell, even Oda alludes that he is not by still calling them Yonko and not Goko. It's not the newspaper that decides who is an Emperor and who is not.
It's stated in the series that BB wasn't recognized as an Emperor up until the point where he defeated the remnants of the WB pirates and took most of WB's territory. It's also stated by Oda that it's still the "Yonko" (he used that title in chapter titles, for example when Luffy fights Kaido the chapter is called "Straw Hat Luffy vs Yonko Kaido" it's not "Goko Luffy vs Goko Kaido" which would've been the perfect title if Oda actually wanted to convey that Luffy is an Emperor for real). The Marines also still call them Yonko. So Luffy for sure isn't seen as the new Emperor by the guys that "matter". The Marines, the WG, and probably even the Yonko themselves (as well as Oda, lol).
He's not an idiot for trying to break his will, he's an idiot for the way he tried to break his will. In Udon prison there has been fodder whose wills haven't been broken for 20 years. 20 years. If Kaido wants to break Luffy's will he could put him in a solitary cell in Onigashima, full power seastone on him, torture every day, only barely enough food to survive, tell him all his crewmates have been killed. Stuff like that. What does he do? Puts him in a prison where he can train, interact with other prisoners, eat as much as he wants (enough to get him fat, LMFAO) and basically defeat every single warden rather easily.
&gt; The Fodder you're referring to I assume is the samurai he is keeping imprisoned for rebellion? They are too weak to join his crew so he lets them rot and is not actively trying to break them to join his crew. But Luffy and Kid were doing exactly the same thing as those fodder......
The anime is horrible.
Season 3 has been mediocre to bad so far. It being better than the first two horrible seasons doesn't make it good imo. The animation is mediocre at best, the censorship is still ever present, the pacing is wonky as hell.
The manga, imo you shouldn't even touch the anime. The anime censors, rushes, changes the story, skips an entire arc.
Be honest, how many people in the "chess community" do you truly know? And by that I do not mean "watched 1-3 clips of them", but actually knowing that personality/streamer.
I don't like many things about the DMCA thing, but the "free advertisment" argument is just stupid imo. Shouldn't it be up to the artist/creator if they want that free advertisment?
That comparison makes no sense. The furniture is owned by the store owner.
You do realize the CE vs PM fight still happened, right?
These changes must've come from ONE, otherwise why would Murata make that radical change months later after he was already happy with the fight? Makes no sense. Especially considering that people tell me that this chapter also has some implications for future events.
"They know nobody else will catch", honestly this is one of the dumbest statements I've heard. Like, a 14 year old could make that Anal Sex reference/joke with that name. Do you seriously think this is some sort of mastermind subliminal message only the top 1% of humans can comprehend and you're among them or some shit?
From Apoo? He clearly took damage from Apoo as he blacked out for a sec.
Eh, the arc has been pretty meh imo. Act 1 was great, except for the sumo fight bs and that small excursion to Okobre Town in general wasn't that great. Act 2 was a total mess, like, absolute shambles. Oden's flashback was disappointing (except for the Roger part, that was amazing obviously). The raid so far is a major disappointment for me. I'd go as far as to say that, if we take expectations into account, this could be the worst arc in OP altogether so far. Just my two cents. EDIT: The best chapters in this arc BY FAR haven't even been in Wano imo.
You don't have to think anything when Sanji explicitly states that his goal is not only to knock Page One out, but to eliminate him from the raid altogether. He wanted to beat him up so bad that a week down the line he still wouldn't be able to join the fighting.
He literally had bruises after Apoo's attack and passed out for a sec. How is that no damage? You can say he recovered in the meantime, but saying he took no damage is actively ignoring things shown in the manga.
Oh yeah, the bruises and him passing out means nothing lmao. Actually actively ignoring things shown in the manga.
&gt; Yeah, and what parents would name their child that? I've known quite a few guys with stupid names. Bold of you to assume that there isn't people in this world that give their children stupid names when all you have to do is a little research about stupid names in the world. &gt; And when I say "nobody else will catch" I just mean most people. Most people don't pay attention to details, so they put little "tells" as a signal. It's similar to coded talk (which you may or may not know about). Is that what this is? Perhaps, or it could just be a coincidence. Ok, why the hell would they bother doing something that obvious and easy to detect? Like, if you're a guy whose looking to basically enslave the human race or at least massively profit off of a totalitarian regime with mass surveilance or something, why the hell would you do something as stupid as put in semi-hidden messages in crucial facts/moments/names/etc.? Like, why would somebody be so stupid? This ain't a cartoon, the people who are smart and powerful enough to go for something like trying to control "the sheep" won't be stupid enough to do something that a Marvel villain of the week would do. I understand when there is a purpose behind it. But putting random shit in there just to put some sort of message in there would be a 50 IQ move and serve no purpose at all.
Yes? [Here you go](https://m.imgur.com/a/Zz2QWUT)
I pretty much hate Oden as a character. Wait, hate is too much, I dislike him and thus he might as well not be a character considering that 90% of his portrayal was to show how much of a "chad" he is. It got old really fast (actually, it got old in the very same chapter he got introduced in imo) and thus has been a major disappointment for me as a character (a character I was looking forward to seeing).
That's cause you looking at the wrong panels fool, look at the panels I posted. Maybe you new to manga, the things that look like bruises or dirt, indicate damage. Btw, somebody passing out after an attack also indicates damage (but that's not only in manga, but the real world as well you know). Oh, and when somebody says "Aaaah" after an attack that generally indicates some kind of sensory stimulation known as "pain". Glad to have helped.
The panels I posted are also after the attack. Pay more attention fam.
1.) Oda is inconsistent at times. He's not a supercomputer he's human. 2.) Luffy was shown healing abilities that are beyond amazing. Should be obvious. 3.) Riddle me this. What are the bruises that indicate damage in manga there for? Why does Oda draw Luffy passed out? Why does Luffy scream "Aaaah"? 4.) If Zoro is shown without the cut he received in the coming chapters does that mean Zoro never received a cut?
The point is that Kaido is a dumbass for thinking anything in that prison would bring Luffy even close to a "broken will". He has fodder in that prison that have been there for 20 years and still didn't have a broken will.
There is no objective criticism about literature imo, the only thing that can objectively be criticized in literature is plot holes.
You're telling me a chess tournament called "Pogchamps" with prodigy chess players like xQc and erobb and the like is a meme? Wow, never would have thought.
26.2k people, so far. Seemingly.
**Although Murata sensei misunderstood my instructions and suggestions in the previous version,** everything in the **corrections** are Murata sensei's ideas and storyboards. Murata sensei is really awesome. This is ONE's tweet.
Considering that ONE said that Murata did not manage to properly show his ideas in the CE vs PM fight it actually can be assumed that one of the reasons he said that was because he made CE and PM too strong.
Prize money that means pretty much 0 to all the streamers who are participating cause they make much more money. Have you even been following the tournament? In the first match they memed erobb (Lrobb), then they made an Lrobb emote ffs. Hikaru has called Forsen "the joke of twitch" as a meme. Nymn trashtalked sliker during a match saying "Fuck you sliker" on the chess stream. The tournament is called "Pogchamps" ffs.
Yes, I mean that tournament. If you have been following it you would know it's a memefest. The commentary is a memefest, the streamers contribute to the memes. Like, if you've been following this you would know it. A tournament called Pogchamps where the majority of participants are like 600-750 MMR and guys like erobb and xQc are tournament participants. A tournament that has an Lrobb emote and the commentary is more laid back and jokes and memeing than your regular chess tourney. A tournament where the streamers themselves joke around. How could one possibly think this is a meme tournament with the purpose of bringing a bigger twitch audience to chess I wonder, lol.
&gt; If it doesn't mean anything, then why have it? They're literally in it at all to make money, either from views as streamers or product saturation as chess.com. Because tournaments with prize money are more entertaining. Also, I don't see how any of this goes against the notion that this tournament is a meme? The streamers a memeing around, the hosts are, the chess channel is, yet here you are saying it's not because it has prize money (?) &gt; If it's all one big meme then why did xQc decline the interview or Hikaru sit speechless for half an hour? Because he was embarrassed, lol. You seem to have a fundamental trouble understanding what a "meme tournament" is. It doesn't mean the guys don't want to win, it doesn't mean everybody doesn't care at all. It means it's more laid back, it allows for memes, it isn't as professional as a genuine chess tournament with actual professional chess players. Hence why the statement that chess shouldn't meme xQc's loss because "it's not professional" just doesn't make sense. From the first game when erobb lost and everybody started memeing you should've seen that this is not a regular chess tournament. I mean, it's obvious, isn't it?
Phoenix Man wasn't a Dragon level threat in the webcomic, LMFAOOOO.
Ok now you're trolling, Phoenix Man provably wasn't a Dragon level threat in the webcomic.
They're talking about the ones you attach to your toilet, like the Japanese toilets. Aka, the superior version and the future.
"I was just pretending to be retard."
Depends on the model, but yes the better ones have soapy water. It's obviously warm water, you can adjust the temperature to your liking. You can also adjust the pressure, so you can have a nice sprinkle in one sitting and a powerhose in another. The better ones have other functions as well. Heated toilet seats; built in dryer that blows warm air on your bottom; some even have some sort of massage function with vibrations and stuff. Genuine Japanese toilets have even more functions than that (like noise cancellation and stuff; or some sort of air vent that is supposed to prevent bad smell).
CE one-shotted demon level PM in the manga as well.... Also, whether he was Demon level or not, LMFAO. That's one way to say "webcomic PM was like 100 times weaker than manga PM".
Looks like you'll keep ignoring my points cause you actually have no answer, lmao.
King Toujou's death would be a negative for Qin, not a positive.
He has been for 150 chapters now.
The first half of this chapter was so statisfying, I don't get this feeling from any other manga I've ever read.
You genuinely have trouble understanding what "memeing around" means in this instance. Meme tournament doesn't mean that nobody cares and they don't want to win. It means it's more laid back, more jokes (you know, memes). Not as professional as a "real" chess tournament with actual professionals. How can you watch the tournament for 5 days and still not get that?
Because he was embarrassed, lol. You seem to have a fundamental trouble understanding what a "meme tournament" is. It doesn't mean the guys don't want to win, it doesn't mean everybody doesn't care at all. It means it's more laid back, it allows for memes, it isn't as professional as a genuine chess tournament with actual professional chess players. This is what I wrote in my last comment. If you actually read it carefully you would not be asking that question. How can you watch the tournament for 5 days and still not get that is beyond me tbh. I gave you instances of "memeing around" in my previous comment. You chose to ignore them to pursue some kind of "justice" or whatever for xQc as if he has been the first one who was made fun of in this tournament (he won't be the last btw). Fucking hell, Ludwig yesterday lost on purpose for content.
I literally gave you an answer, I get the feeling you're being obtuse on purpose. Erobb lost in his first game, Hikaru said "Here comes the L" and laughed; chess made an "Lrobb" emote (with erobb's blessing btw) and here you are asking how come the chess channel isn't being as professional as when there is some sort of serious chess tournament with actual stakes. You actually watched 5 days of this tournament, saw the commentary, saw the memes and reactions from hosts/players/chat/reddit, saw Ludwig yesterday throw a game because of content and you still think this is like any other chess tournament, fully professional. You have to actively ignore 50% of this tournament to be that clueless.
&gt; Karyo Ten 100 bodyguards? Someone has finally learned her lesson? Ten always had bodyguards.
Oh what's that, no answer, huh? Just a downvote, huh. (The only reason I'm doing this is because you tried doing it to me btw).
*Zhao. They still aren't under attack I think, they will be soon. If they don't get Riboku out of prison it's GG for Zhao.
Riboku is already more threatening than Houken, and honestly Shibashou already seems more threatening than Houken in my eyes.
Well that ship has already sailed, that's Qin territory now. Now they have new borders and there isn't an active attack atm. That's what I meant.
Oh, I'm not talking about combat prowess but overall.
That's just not true. Just look at his feats. In every arc he's participated in Riboku had amazing feats. There isn't a single general in the story that has more amazing feats than Riboku. I dislike the word "Houken-asspull" in cases where Riboku specifically plans for Houken to be there. It's like saying "Ouki has the Tou asspull", "Ousen has the Akou asspull", "Shin has the Kyoukai asspull".
I'm more than happy, I find the chapters after the ceremony better than the actual ceremony (generally). Thus the first half of this chapter was better than the actual ceremony in my eyes. I'm more disappointed that Shin didn't get a new design for his armor. That would've been the cherry on top.
The war isn't still going, at least that's what I would say. It's been 6-7 months with no fighting against Zhao, both states have been busy bolstering their defense. Zhao was reinforcing their capital area for 6 months and Qin was strengthening their new territory (as well as sending people to live there). I don't see how the actual situation on the border is any different to any other state. It's like saying that Qin has been in constant war with Wei ever since they took Sanyou 7 years ago.
It's exactly 10,000 (without counting Kyoukai's unit).
Salt.
Assassination arc.
Ironic cause literally every chess clip on the front page is funnier than this shit.
But.... Hasan's whole thing is politics and stuff.
I don't understand that viewpoint tho. If this is truly the last console generation with an optical drive that just means one thing: Less. Right now you can decide whether you want a digital copy or a hard copy. They would just take that choice away. They would basically kill the second hand game market as well.
I don't get it, there is a white PS4 as well.
How doesn't it make sense? The console looks ugly to me. That doesn't mean I don't like change. If something looks good to me, it looks good to me. If it doesn't, it doesn't. It's that simple.
I'm probably not buying it. The design obviously isn't the main point, but it doesn't help that I find the thing hideous.
BREAKING NEWS: Different people have different opinions.
Ok, for real now, why doesn't Denjiro just kill Sasaki there?
But nobody is forcing you to buy physical copies. That's my point, you're not hyped for getting anything new, you're hyped because people who preferred physical copies possibly won't be able to buy them in the gen that comes after this one. Right now you can easily go full digital, or you can go full physical, or you can mix it up. Forcing to go digital just takes the choice away, it doesn't create anything new.
Guy says chess clips aren't funny, this is. I say this isn't funny, the chess clips are funnier. CoMeDy InTelLiGeNtSiA. I just did the same thing the original commenter did. On purpose.
Yup. Or the trashtalk was also hilarious. But it's simple really, comedy is subjective. Original commenter says this is funny, chess clips aren't. I comment the opposite because he commented that.
Well, it's bad storytelling then if there is no in-universe reason. Hopefully there is.
I don't watch streamers. I just watch funny clips here and the chess tournament. Majority of chess clips on front page during the tournament aren't even misplays, it's just random funny moments like in any other stream. I just wanted to show that comedy is subjective by commenting the exact opposite as the original commenter.
That would be the only way to go imo, tbh.
Ludwig. Ludwig is funny af. His humour is perfect for me, sliker has some great moments but he's too over the top for me to actually watch for an extended period of time.
I mean, this is next level here. I just hate this kind of storytelling. Denjiro is portrayed to be willing to do anything to kill Orochi and Kaido, and yet there (possibly) is no reason given why he doesn't deal with one of the stronger members of Kaido's crew once and for all. It just cheapens the storytelling for me tbh. With WB there is a simple explanation. First of all, good luck reaching Impel Down. Secondly, if WB destroys Marineford what's stopping the WG from killing Ace in ID before WB even has the chance to arrive (if he even can arrive). EDIT: Thinking about it, there is SO MANY explanations on why WB couldn't do what you suggested. You should've picked a better explanation, LMAO.
&gt; Imagine a console that's just a USB dongle like a fire stick, a controller, and a streaming connection running a game off a server somewhere. I am, and I think it's horrible. &gt; Or a whole console contained in a VR headset kind of like the Quest. I dislike VR gaming, or to say it better, VR gaming needs to take some massive steps for me to enjoy it. It's some 20-25 years away. And even then, I'd only want to play a fraction of games in VR. I just think it's best to give players as many options as possible. Sony can release a "classic" console and a "futuristic" one without taking away the ability to choose.
That could be a possible explanation. Yet I don't see why somebody would take that chance. It's not like Sasaki hasn't been involved in the torture of Wano. I don't see what the end game is here, Denjiro left him alone and alive. Even if Sasaki changed sides, when would that happen when he's gonna be there while Denjiro moves on. After the battle? That doesn't make sense.
I get that angle but I see many problems with the technicalities here. Denjiro goes away, so Sasaki is left alone. Either an ally of Sasaki finds him and then you basically lost all of the advantage you tried to use. Or nobody finds him, but how should he help now (even if he happens to switch sides). Not to mention, for them to need help from the Beast Pirates themselves that would mean one thing, they're losing. Why would Sasaki want to betray Kaido in that case? It would be much easier to try and convince him now if that was really what Denjiro was playing at. Overall, this decision just has too many question marks over it and can blow up in your face. I don't see how that would be a smart decision, and I don't see why Denjiro would take that risk when it's all or nothing now.
Kaido actually thinking that Queen can deal with Luffy, Kid, Zoro and Killer, knowing full well the rest of the two crews are on the island and very possibly more people as well. This dude is just an absolute fucking moron. I really hate this raid so far, I hate it from the bottom of my soul.
He does. Kanjuro tells him and Fukujurou says that Kid, Luffy, Zoro and Killer have been spotted on Onigashima. Kaido then says that Queen can deal with them.
Because they can do a whole lot of shit and Queen certainly won't be able to stop them. It's like he wants to lose half his crew, get his home trashed and then potentially get humiliated like Big Mom. He's a Yonko ffs, not some random dude. He should have a brain and think of consequences. He one-shotted Luffy, but he would one-shot the vast majority of people in the world. That doesn't mean Luffy ain't dangerous. I mean the fact alone that both Kid and Luffy escaped Udon prison should send off alarm signals and make him angry enough to want to deal with them asap.
Ok? Sasaki is an enemy, he should be dealt with, definitively. &gt; Also sasaki getting killed here won't make any sense Then don't write him into a situation where the most logical thing is him getting killed.
What? How does one make the jump from "Kaido one-shotted him" to "Queen can solo all four of them"? Kaido knows Luffy defeated two of Big Mom's commanders, and one of those was her strongest crew member. If Kaido, with all the info he has, thinks Queen can solo all four of them he might be the most idiotic and delusional characters in the story. He should be worried about Luffy alone defeating Queen, that is a real possibility with all the info he has.
Big Mom and Kaido I can agree with, though Big Mom was making some big plays and has shown an amazing intelligence gathering. She wasn't that dumb actually, she's just a psycho. Shanks and BB though, I have no idea where you get that idea from. Shanks has made some major moves and showcased actual insight like no other pirate, lmao. Blackbeard made amazing strategic moves. I dunno how he "relies" on luck. Luck is a factor in his plans, but luck is a factor in virtually every plan. Yonko have huge crews and huge territories, they should know basics like "Strong enemy infiltrated my base = bad".
Kaido knows how dangerous Luffy can be. He read the news about Luffy defeating two of BM's commanders.
Yes, every time somebody can kill Luffy but chooses not to because of some bs that's stupid. Simple as that. Crocodile in Alabasta being a prime example.
"What good is the crew when Queen cannot deal with the guy that defeated two of Big Mom's Yonko Commanders, plus three other strong guys, plus everybody else on that island cause they for sure didn't come alone." Yeah, no. Anybody with a brain should know this could end bad in the sense of his mansion getting trashed plus a great chunk of his crew killed/defeated.
&gt; forgive me for my limited english. Can you actually provide a logical argument from Kaido perspective and knowledge for him to think that Queen, one of his 3 all stars for at least 20 years (all stars might be Kaido strongest fighters) is not strong enough to deal with mere rookies who only playing pirates(Kaido own words)? Luffy alone defeated 2 Yonko Commanders already... One of those Yonko Commanders was basically BM's right hand man and probably stronger than Queen. Luffy's not alone... &gt; Isnt that characters own knowledge and understanding supposed to be limited to what their characterization? Characters in story are not readers or writer/s. They shouldnt know what readers who has "eye of gods" knowledge and perspectives. Let alone writer/s knowledge and perspective. Kaido should know enough, he should know more than enough. &gt; So, please can you share your thought on why Kaido should be afraid or even concern about the alliances infiltrating the Beast Pirate annual party? I don't think Kaido wants his island get destroyed, his party trashed and his crew defeated in large parts. Do you?
Why can't he try to behead him at least?
&gt; Dude he dont care about who exploit wano or anything. LMAO. &gt; He don't know the kozuki family history which is clear from the conversation. "Denjiro won't deal with the opponents that don't know the exact history of the Kozuki clan. I know that he already attacked opponents who didn't know that, but that doesn't matter. Denjiro will only attack the All-Stars and Kaido and Orochi, nobody else." I don't see how that makes any sense, or how this makes it any better. It makes Denjiro an idiotic character.
So why did WB decide to just not go meet the guy who was in his crew and a good friend of his for 20 years especially when it should've been public knowledge that Kaido is chilling in Wano?
Luffy defeated Katakuri, alone. There is no reason for Kaido to be that overconfident that Queen can take Luffy, let alone Luffy who is not alone.
Now this just cements that Kaido is a fucking moron. Like, what kind of logic is that? He gives no fucks Luffy defeated 2 guys of at least comparable strength to Queen alone (to his knowledge)?
Ok, so Kaido actually wants his island to get trashed and his party to be stopped and large parts of his crew to get defeated, right.
Kaido knows Luffy's and Kid's crews are on the island. So they will obviously crash the party, and raise a ruckus on the island trashing it in the process. That should already be against his interests. But on top of that Kaido should know large parts of his crew could get defeated. Also, if those two crews are on the island, it's not far fetched that even more people are (like the Scabbards). Even if he isn't worried about himself, he should be worried enough about his base and crew (including the All-Stars) to do more than just say "Chill lmao".
Which makes him a moron. Which is my point.
&gt; Please tell me that 2 yonkou commanders that Luffy defeated were Kaido's commanders. Big Mom's YC are comparable to Kaido's roughly. The Yonko have been in a stalemate for years upon years, that wouldn't work if one crew was that much stronger. Hell, I'm willing to bet that Katakuri is stronger than Queen. &gt; Remember WB 16 commanders? They are all varied in strength. There are some that are not that strong at all like atmos who was control like a puppet by Doffy while Doffy didnt do that with Joz or any other strong fighters. Doffy only ablr to control Luffy after luffy jus recover his haki from complete exhaustion fighting. But quickly lost his puppet control the moment Luffy transform to G4. WB's commanders didn't work like these commanders. If you look at Marco and Jozu they certainly are comparable to the Sweet Generals or the All-Stars. Or do you want to tell me that Kaido &gt; Big Mom and every All-Star &gt; every Sweet General and somehow Kaido and Big Mom still managed to stalemate all those years?
So Kaido wants his island to get trashed, his party to get crashed and large chunks of his crew to get defeated? &gt; if Queen doesn't even worry about Luffy , why would Kaido worry about Luffy? Queen is an absolute moron. He thought he could knock out Big Mom with an attack 200x weaker than Mach Vise's final attack in Dressrosa. Imagine that.
If he's confident that Queen can take the dude who defeated 2 YCs already he's a moron.
Because he wouldn't want his island to get trashed, his party to get crashed and large chunks of his crew defeated?
"This dude in chains might be strong, he should not try to attack him." I'm not following you.
To put him in chains, so why not try to kill him AFTER he put him in chains. Come on, this isn't theoretical physics.
So answer my question, does Kaido want his party to be crashed, his island to be trashed and large parts of his crew to be defeated? &gt; who cares, it makes Wano more exciting because Queen and Kaido will get defeated and it will glorious to see especially because they never expected it. It doesn't make it more exciting for me at all. It makes it disappointing.
Luffy is more than just a rookie. He defeated two YCs. If Kaido sees him as just another dude, he's a moron. &gt; And why does he even care that someone trashing his party as long as he is drunk and those people are killed. If he doesn't care about his crew potentially losing a lot of manpower because he's been too lazy to deal with a guy he should be defeating rather easily then he's a moron. An absolute disappointment of a Yonko.
&gt; Kaido doesn't say that at all. It's not Kaido thinking that Queen alone can defeat Luffy and Co. Queen is taking charge and directing forces against them, they're up against the entirety of the beast pirates. The fact is they're in right in the middle of enemy terrority as Fuko points out, surrounded by hostile forces in every corner. You're the one who's misinterpreted the scene and you think that Kaido thinks Queen can deal with all of them himself. The point is that Kaido should go face Luffy himself because Luffy not only has defeated 2 YCs already, so there potentially isn't anybody in his crew that can defeat Luffy except for himself, but Luffy has pulled a similar stunt literally like 2-3 weeks ago with Big Mom. &gt; Also when has ever Kaido ever been a guy who thinks deeply about things and analyses situations? He's told the situation is being dealt with, he's drinking and have fun, he doesn't care. You expecting him to be someone who thinks about everything logically, rationally and then chooses the best course of action is just stupid, Kaido isn't some beacon of self preservation. No one ever said Kaido is smart. I expect some basic level of thinking from a Yonko. They're not just strong people, they're in charge of pirate crews that are basically armies and in charge of huge parts of territory. Kaido can be the dumbest out of the 4, I don't mind that, but he shouldn't be a negative IQ moron.
&gt; Please share a chapter or panel that show Kaido or any his most trusted man present during Luffy vs Katakuri and most importantly, when Luffy singlehandidly defeating Katakuri. Kaido literally read the newspaper where that is stated AND talked to Big Mom directly. I mean, this is common knowledge. &gt; Characters other than Luffy, Katakuri and Karakuri's best sister were only heard about Luffy win against katakuri 2nd handed. No other characters 100% know that Luffy totally win against Katakuri. Except that Brûlee stated it to everybody and Morgan wrote an entire news article about it... &gt; The world only know about it from a newspaper. But I am pretty sure, just like in the real world, whatever in the newspapers, doesnt mean it is 100% fact. But if actually believe 100% whatever in the newspapers, then its your rights. I will not judge you. Kaido talked to Big Mom... At this point you are just searching for excuses. &gt; And, if I am not mistaken, not just characters in One Piece didnt know what was the truth behind luffy vs katakuri's result but there were some that didnt believe it either and accuse Luffy cheating etc.. IIRC, even to this days, some fans believe that Katakuri stronger but he let Luffy win etc... Yes, fans.. not just characters who have trouble believing Luffy win against Katakuri. Brûlee made sure that characters in Totto Land knew it happened without cheating. &gt; But here you want to tell me that Kaido must believe that news and act accordingly to those believe? What the...... If Kaido doesn't know that Luffy defeated 2 YCs he must be actively ignoring it which makes him a moron. Keep searching for excuses for him bud. &gt; Kaido can believe whatever he want. Same with anybody else. Remembet BB reaction after reading the 5th Emporers news? I wonder why BB was not agreeing with 5th Emporers stuff even though that newspaper blatantly said that Luffy defeated 2 Yonkou Commander..... Seriously, where in the world it was stated in the story that defeating yonkou commanders means you are or any other characters will rank up to Emporer title? Wtf does that have to do with anything??????? When did I say Luffy is an Emperor? &gt; At the end of the day, whether fans agree or not, Oda did really protected Emporer title. All 4 or 5 including WB, they are all monsters in OP. They literally doing whatever they want however they want,defying most logic. Logic that non emporers have to follow. Pretty much related to the Freedom stuff that was mention and hinted in One Piece many times. Oda has managed to make me not care for Big Mom or Kaido at all. He made Kaido such a moron that I have no words, it's not just that but the whole Udon prison fiasco on top of that. Big Mom became a meme and is shamelessly used as a plot device time and time again. I have high hopes for Blackbeard because holy fuck I just want Kaido and BM to be dealt with asap. Oda hyped up Wano to no end and I'd argue it's the worst "big arc" atm (obviously can change cause it's not over).
&gt; What? I was saying it will make it more exciting to see the beast pirates start taking Luffy seriously. you don't think that will be exciting? right now they don't think he is a big threat, there will be a enies lobby spandam moment (when spandam was notified the pirates and Luffy had advanced far) and this shocked and scared spandam. Spandam for most of enies lobby thought Luffy couldn't do shit, and then he realized he is in trouble. Sorry that I'm not excited that there will be a Spandam moment for a fucking Yonko. I'm just disappointed. This arc, so far, has been almost exclusively disappointment. &gt; and wtf are you talking about? Kaido DOES NOT want his party to be trashed, he doesn't even know about all the samurai infiltrating. he just knows after this chapter that luffy zoro and kidd crashed the party, and Kaido is confident his crew will immediately defeat them. and the rest of those two crews, because why wouldn't they be here. And that's my point, Kaido is confident his crew will deal with them no problem, which makes him dumb. &gt; Like 2 chapters ago even Who's Who didn't take Luffy seriously, he saw Luffy and was like "whatever that guy will get defeated" and peaces out to look for Yamato. Eventually guys like who's who and Queen will realize Luffy is a big threat, and it will be glorious to see that. Eventually they will take Luffy seriously this arc, and it's going to be exciting for Luffy to earn that respect and get their attention. They should already know he's a threat. This won't be glorious for me, it will be a "finally those fucking idiots are getting it ffs just stop being dumb already" moment.
It's just dumb.
Kaido knows two YCs got defeated because he talked to Big Mom. Just because he can defeat Luffy easily doesn't mean Queen can. I mean, Kaido most likely can defeat Queen very easily as well. Instead of dealing with the nuisance immediatly once and for all, he's gonna let half his crew get defeated before he moves from his ass.
&gt; You dont think Kaido wants his island, party destroyed.. ?? 1st, I appreciated that you might refer this to Kaido's dialogue with Oden in the flashback. Kudos to you to remember this. Despite his appearence and fans 1st impression of him Kaido when not drunk is quite levelheaded person. I don't see how that helps Kaido's case. I said he's a moron, you say "Nooo, Kaido isn't a moron. He's just a moron." &gt; Btw, if Kaido dont want his island and castle suffer any damage, then dont make this party in the 1st place because I am sure 20k of Beast pirate is not 20k good and polite kindergarterners. Yeah, that's the same as getting humiliated by Luffy. &gt; "His crew defeated"???? Seriously.... can you 1st share with me any valid point from the story itself why Kaido should think like this... Luffy havent done anything that might make Kaido to respect him enough to even thought that Luffy can defeat an emporer. The Emperor's crew? Yeah, not like Luffy has done anything similar in the last, I dunno, 3 weeks. &gt; Even some fans still feel like Luffy cant take on an Emporer when this arc start. Fans... not just character in One Piece have this view. Emperor doesn't mean Emperor's cew. Nobody's talking about him taking on Kaido here. &gt; Even if Katakuri is far stronger than Queen like crocodile against mr.3 gap in strength for example, bit still doesnt mean anything in the large scope.. why? Because Kaido or any other character in Wano actually present during the fight. They only know the result from 2nd or 3rd hand parties. Its call rumor or hearsay. He talked to Big Mom.
It's bad storytelling if ther actually is no in-universe explanation.
&gt; so, for now, it's your fan-fiction. thanks for proving my point. You can bet all you want. like I said in another post, Katakuri can sneeze and instantly kill all 3 all stars and F6, but my point still stand which is its mean nothing to Kaido. So far there is no single panel or sentence from the manga that Kaido scare to Katakuri level of strength. I dont remember Kaido ever care about some kid defeating Katakuri. Remember that Kaido even try to send JACK, who some of fans always assume that Katakuri just fart and instantly kill JACK because how weak JACK is. Yes.. that is how highly Kaido thinks about someone who just recently defeating Katakuri. Also, dont you forget that Kaido send JACK to captured both Luffy and Law. not just Luffy who recently defeating the undefeated Katakuri. its one thing to kill but to capture? not just 1 but both Luffy and Law.. How does any of this help Kaido's case when there is a 0 percent chance that Jack is actually stronger than Katakuri? The Yonko's are STALEMATED, which means their crews should be roughly around the same level. Especially considering that Kaido most likely is stronger than Big Mom. &gt; Yeah.. so far, in the manga, Kaido dont give a fudge about Luffy strength and capability. Please share with me any panel or sentence that Kaido care. If Kaido doesn't care about Luffy's strength (even tho he complimented Luffy's strength in Act 1, btw) by now he's a moron. It doesn't help his case.
&gt; "Kaido literally read the newspaper where that is stated AND talked to Big Mom directly. I mean, this is common knowledge." Please tell me that my english was so bad that you can't even understand my simple question. Show me that Kaido or his trusted henchmen 1st hand knowledge about whatever happen in Luffy vs Katakuri. Nothing indicates that Luffy "cheated" his way to defeating two YCs yet here you are saying that Kaido basically HAS to assume that because reasons. Even tho he talked to Big Mom who gave no indication that he cheated it. &gt; I'll make this easier because I know you will not be able to provide any panel or sentence from the manga at all regarding this. The point is, they don't have any 1st hand knowledge about it. All they have is whatever anybidy read from the newspaper. Against, repeated question, do you believe anything you read from the newspaper? Even if your answer is YES, it will still be just YOU. Anybody else might not have the same view as you. THe moment they have different view/opinion than you, they might have different reaction and response than you. How is this simple life logic very hard to understand? Big Mom. It's not just the newspaper. Big Mom. Big Mom. &gt; You mention that Kaido talk to Big Mom directly. Its in chapter 907 iirc. but please show me from that chapter or any other chapter that Kaido and Big Mom talk about Luffy's strength or Katakuri's strength or how dangerous Luffy is. please. If you can, then better to just stop here. He talked to her a whole lot longer later. If BM herself actually believed that Luffy cheated then she would have said something. Why? Because she was humiliated, you don't think she would've mentioned to him by now that "He didn't even defeat my commanders, he just cheated his way to victory". &gt; What? Now you trying to accuse me of saying Kaido dont know Luffy defeated 2 YCs? WOw.. dude.. relax.. please stop with your headcanon. you really dont have to use it on everything you know. Don't worry, I might blame my terrible english for this misunderstanding, for now. But please share with me where in the story that show Kaido care about someone strength because that someone defeating 2 YC? This is very simple task. If there is one then fans can question why Kaido responding the way he is in this chapter. But I am sure you can't. Kaido never care about some punk just because that punk defeated 2 YC. Big MOm care to chase Luffy personally because Luffy tarnish her reputation and stole something from her. Kaido actually give a rat ass about Luffy and Law because they destroy his dream and meddling with his business. THis were stated multiple time in the manga. Do you actually understand what I am saying? If Luffy defeated 2 YCs then why would Kaido think that his YCs for sure will have no problems against Luffy? Also, wtf are you saying with "Kaido gives a rat ass", Kaido was MAD after they fucked with his dream. Wtf?
Huge disappointment of a chapter. Marco's excuse as to why they didn't help Oden/Wano is because news doesn't travel outside Wano. But they knew Kaido is in charge of the territory and didn't think of checking up on Oden in 20 years?? Denjiro actually didn't kill Sasaki, like wut? Kaido is still just chilling when he could deal with the raid in a sec.
Without Nami there literally would be no journey, so I dunno what you mean. She is the crucial member, lmao.
Honestly, I don't see how One Piece even comes close to a series like A Song of Ice and Fire. Hell, I don't see how it surpasses Berserk. It's riddled with problems imo.
Obviously, everybody has their opinions. EDIT: Only in the OP subreddit will a comment that simply says that every person has their own opinions and is entitled to them get downvoted.
50/50 chance of reaching Raftel in a few days or suddenly landing on the moon.
There was 2 Andys, the rest where just called "... Andy" because it became a meme after they started calling one of the two Andys "Mexican Andy".
&gt; Meanwhile, ASOIAF, most would say hasn't been as good since the Red Wedding. Sure the first 3 books are arguably better than the 4th and 5th, but to me the "worst" ASOIAF book (Feast for Crows imo) is still better than OP at its best (Sabaody imo). &gt; but I think it for the most part stayed interesting and has had a lot of awesome things in the past few arcs and is currently in an arc that will most likely go down as one of the best in the series. Well, for me Wano has been the worst "big" arc in OP so far, by quite a big margin. Hell, if we consider expectations it's probably the worst arc in OP, period, for me.
This is actually hilarious. Have you even read ASOIAF? Or are you just talking out of your ass? Because I think in order to believe that One Piece cannot possibly be considered worse than ASOIAF (or appearantly any other series in history) by any person you have to actively ignore its problems. I'll tell you what, George RR Martin's characters absolutely shit on OP's characters, it's not even close. ASOIAF's plot(s) absolutely shit on OP's plot as well. Hats off to Oda for creating an amazing story and world, it's one of the best manga, but I don't see how it even comes close to ASOIAF, I'm sorry. Are you that arrogant to believe that your opinion is correct and my opinion is formed because I'm just not paying attention? &gt; I don't see how someone can look at over 20 years of consistent world building and satisfying conclusions and say it isn't as good as a series that meanders on without an end in sight? "Statisfying conclusions", I'm sorry but this is so subjective that I actually question whether you are serious or not. A series that is afraid to kill off random characters, let alone important main characters, even though they are put in danger constantly, cannot have only statisfying conclusions imo. One Piece is riddled with problems.
So WB knew Wano is Kaido's territory, and Oden hasn't made contact with them over all those years, and Ace has been on Wano and seen how shitty it is, and yet WB was too dumb to even begin thinking that maybe he should check up on Oden? Do you see the problem with this?
&gt; There was never any indication in the story that any yonkou knew that Kaidou had taken over Wano. What series are you reading? Big Mom knew, Blackbeard knew, Shanks knew. Kaido taking over Wano is basically common knowledge to anybody that seems to be of some importance to the world.
Blackbeard, the new Yonko that still has to fully expand his intelligence gathering, knows Kaido is in Wano. Whitebeard, who was a Yonko for decades, appearantly didn't know. Oda just dropped the ball with this, he probably couldn't find a good explanation and just decided to roll with this, no matter how illogical. Just add it to the list of the many (many, many) problems Wano has had so far. This arc is just one big question mark after the other.
Ace promised Tama to come back. Ace had to have talked about Wano (no in fact we know for a fact that he talked about Wano at least once) during his time with the WB pirates. If he promised Tama to come back don't you think he mentioned to WB once that he wanted to save this one girl on Wano, which has become a totalitarian hellhole that enslaves its people? Hell, why the hell wouldn't WB check up on Wano himself. One of his crewmembers is from Wano and has family there, he hasn't heard from Oden in years, Kaido is on Wano (do not tell me he didn't know, every Yonko knows, otherwise is makes 0 fucking sense). This isn't a "suspend your disbelief" kind of situation, this is a "?????????????????" kind of situation.
So you're telling me that you believe Harry Potter is a better series than OP?
You're acting like Shin is just your regular 5000 man commander. Before this arc started Shouheikun said they expect more from them than your average general. Why? Because they have been molded by Qin to become great generals. Shin, Mouten, Ouhon and Kyoukai already had moments that are worthy of great generals, they are at the head of Qin's next generation commanders.
He said "who is the best is subjective, sales are a way to objectify it", which just isn't true. Sales are sales, they don't objectify who is the best.
&gt; This kind of attitude is generally frowned upon anywhere :) Read the comment chain and you'll understand why I did that. I made it clear it's my opinion in my very first comment, was downvoted. Then the guy suggests that I only have that opinion because I don't understand OP. Suggesting that either you like OP more or you're too dumb to understand it (that was upvoted) and then I hit back with my opinion but in harsh words. I even put "imo" in every single comment, you just choose to ignore it. Btw, this comment here was downvoted BEFORE I even made that comment above. Nice job spinning the facts. &gt; You act as if your opinions are facts, while insinuating that those who don't share them are stupid. When? Every single one of my comments has buzzwords for "this is my opinion, not fact", specifically "I don't see" and "imo". Hell in the comment you quoted I specifically tell the guy he's acting as if his opinion is fact and mine is wrong to show that it's only opinions. Why the fuck are you spinning the facts around to make it seem as if I'm the one acting superior? &gt; And when someone points this out, you throw a random line like "everyone has their opinion" but it's not the problem and it's obviously gonna get you downvotes. Did you expect people to just read that one line and say "oh yeah, this is true even though the comments above are bullshit. Here take an upvote" My comments above are bullshit because I like ASOIAF more than OP? &gt; By the way, I don't think ASOIAF "shits" on One Piece and I read both. Both series have their appeals and their drawbacks. I personally enjoy One Piece more. But they are completely different, so it's hard to just say which is better. Well, I do. At least in terms of character and plot.
&gt; Adding imo at the end doesn't change anything. You come on a post about fanboying over One Piece, and all you say is the equivalent of "no One Piece kind of sucks imo". Of course you're gonna get downvoted. Lmao, now it's a completely different spin. I'm not even talking about that comment I'm talking about the comment "everybody has their own opinions". First it was that I was downvoted because I acted superior, now it's a different story since I was downvoted for disagreeing. &gt; From then on you become more and more defensive and more and more critical without any argument or explanation besides "this shits on One Piece" while adding imo at the end. Nobody added any "arguments" they all gave their opinions. Do you want me to write several paragraphs of arguments, and would that change anything? Cause I can do that if you want. Since absolutely nobody gave any arguments, why am I required to give them? I also got harsher because one commenter questioned whether I even understand OP just because I said I prefer ASOIAF and Berserk. &gt; You comments are bullshit because except stating your opinions in a harsh way, you don't let anything open for discussion. What? When do I do that? You are free to disagree with anything that I say because they are OPINIONS. Appearantly saying "OP is the best story ever" is fine, but saying "these stories are better than OP imo" isn't. Appearantly saying OP is the best leaves everything open for discussion, saying it isn't doesn't leave anything open for discussion. Appearantly saying that if you don't prefer OP over ASOIAF you just don't understand OP is fine, but then countering that isn't. &gt; Well I kind of agree on the characters. The plot is more complicated to evaluate. The complexity of One Piece's plot comes from the world building while the complexity of ASOIAF plot comes from the number of different sub-plots associated with each main character. In One Piece I feel like everything is happening at the same time, while in ASOIAF things happen to each character "often" independently. I agree in terms of plot it can be argued either way, but imo once you start dissecting specific sub-plots or "arcs" the differences start being more obvious. Martin's characters are handled fantastically which flows into the plot perfectly adding layers unto it rarely seen in fiction anywhere. Oda is a master of overarching plot and world building, but as soon as he has to put the magnifiying glass on certain plots and characters it starts getting iffy imo.
&gt; The more sales, the more people like your work. Yes. &gt; It does not make you the best per se but it is a legit argument that can be used. It can be one of the arguments, but it certainly isn't that good of an argument. As soon as somebody starts talking about sales I like to point out that Fairy Tail was a Top 10 selling manga during its run and that Harry Potter has sold many more copies than Lord of the Rings or ASOIAF.
Let's not pretend that Martin has a biology degree and actually knows the behavior of lions, or even cares what a real life lion would do. It makes for a great story, and he went with it.
&gt; The comment "everybody has their own opinion" is an answer to the first comment. So they're not independent. You were downvoted for stating an opinion that goes against the subject of the post in a superior way. What superior way? I cannot say that I don't see how in my opinion (while stating it's my opinion) OP is better than ASOIAF or Berserk without sounding superior? What about my first comment was "superior"? &gt; The equivalent is going on ASOIAF reddit, on a post about how someone loved the last book or something, and you just post "ASOIAF is really mediocre, especially compared to a book like LOTR imo". The comment stated that OP is the best fantasy story of all time. I simply disagreed. I don't care that that was downvoted. However, downvoting a comment that simply states "everybody has their opinions" is just ridiculous imo. &gt; You don't have to give arguments, but I think that you should at least explain your point if you're going to look down on One Piece on a forum for One Piece fans... How is stating my opinion looking down on anybody? &gt; Why don't we stop here about analyzing your discussion with some guy ? You got downvoted, whatever. It happens... You were the one who said I got downvoted because I acted superior, when I did not. &gt; Wano has been set up in the same surprising fashion with more and more people being involved in this war. The only thing missing from Wano is an emotional investment in the story. Especially compared to Marineford (with the Ace/Luffy relationship at the core) and Ennies Lobby (with the Robin/Franky/Usopp stories). I disagree in that aspect. Wano, so far, feels like your standard "big" arc to me with maybe a little more characters involved (even that is questionable considering we had a huge cast in Dressrosa). I had huge expectations for Wano, which is why I'm more critical of it than your standard arc. I see so many problems with Wano so far that I would say it's the worst "big" arc in OP so far.
Shanks stopped Kaido before Marineford. Which means Shanks knew Kaido would want to interfere and managed to stop him. Which means he has to know his approximate location otherwise it doesn't make sense how he stopped him.
Lmao, actually taking upvotes into account instead of giving any arguments. This is the OP subreddit, 99% of things that go against OP will be downvoted no matter how valid they are.
&gt; Also Ace only visited Tama's little village and things had not gotten so bad there when Ace arrived. He literally saved her village.... &gt; As much as you don't like to hear it WB DID NOT KNOW KAIDOU WAS IN WANO. WHICH DOESN'T MAKE SENSE GIVEN EVERYTHING THAT WE KNOW.
Just because he could doesn't mean he wants to, lol.
The guy was mocking the dude who said miles off.
&gt; how it is depicted is that Suugen is a 1k commander with Hairou (500 commander) under him and Hairous as a 500 comander has 1k under him when you count all the individual smaller commander + archers together. You are ignoring the fact that Hairou isn't just a 500-man commander but also the deputy infantry commander. &gt; Not a single 5k, 3k or 2k commander... Horrible structure It doesn't matter what their official rank is when Shin gives then high ranking positions in the army. Suugen is an 1000-man commander but he is also the infantry commander, so all the pure infantry units answer to him.
Just as I thought, make a baseless statement, and then ignore when you get called out on that baseless statement.
Can you just point out what about my first comment is "superior"?
I don't understand the point you're trying to make? Knowing a persons weakness doesn't mean you can exploit that weakness in any circumstance at all times no matter what. Like, this is basic stuff dude, just think a little.
Why the fuck are you trying to spoil me and why the fuck don't you notice that I agree with you? EDIT: Sorry, I block anybody trying to spoil.
&gt; This part ? All of it ? &gt; Especially the part "it's riddled with problems". How is stating my opinion acting superior? By that logic everybody in this whole thread was acting superior because everybody stated their opinions. Why the double standard? &gt; I don't see how ASOIAF even comes close to books like LOTR. Hell, I don't see how it surpasses Harry Potter. It's riddled with problems imo. And this is acting superior how exactly? By your logic you cannot state on the OP subreddit that OP isn't the best story of all time. This sub is supposed to be a place where we discuss our opinions about OP, it's not an echo chamber where nobody is supposed to say anything that isn't "OP is the best ever". To me, this is ridiculous. I didn't question anybody's intelligence or ability to understand a story. I merely stated my opinion. Yet I'm the one acting superior and the dude who said "you don't understand OP" appearantly didn't.
She cannot give the years to humans or revive corpses. That has been stated in WCI.
Wasn't it stated that Big Mom cannot transfer the souls to other humans or corpses?
What you mean you never noticed? That's her mid transformation, we never saw her in that form.
I gotta give it to him though, Fire&amp;Blood was great and just left me craving for TWOW even more.
It took the armies around a week to gather at Kankoku Pass (prob 8-9 days or something). The the battle of Kankoku Pass raged until the fateful 15th day, when the coalition army lost all hope of getting through Kankoku Pass. Riboku split off at the end of the 15th day with his secret army he has been "building" for all those days and marched towards Kanyou. On the 20th day Duke Hyou and Shin caught up with him. Shin reached Sai on the 21st day and met with Sei, Riboku reached Sai on the same day later. The siege of Sai lasted for 7 days, so it ended on the 27th day since the start of the battle at Kankoku Pass (and roughly 35 days after the beginning of the war). Riboku reached Kankoku Pass 5 days after retreating at Sai, so at the 40th day after the start of the war. At which point the entire coalition army turned around and left Qin, this should've taken another 4-5 days. Moubu attacked the coalition army from the rear to prevent them from attacking Qi, that also had to have taken time but we don't know how much. TLDR: Around 45 days from the point where the armies invaded Qin to the point where they left Qin territory.
It's both of them. Shouheikun starts the conversation about nurturing their abilities ever since they have been named independent units and Shoubunkun finishes the thought by saying they expect more from them than other generals.
Because it's stalemate. The white king isn't in check but white has no more legal moves to play, to win you have to put your opponent in checkmate.
How exactly is Shunsuiju just a "pissed off version of Keisha"? Just because he is under Riboku?
That actually sounds like fun.
I really liked Heki's character arc in the Western Zhao Invasion arc.
That's an overreaction imo. Look at Heki's accomplishments as a general: he was supreme commander in a war and won both battles in said war; he killed Rozo in the battle of Ryouyou. Heki isn't a top tier general, he isn't supposed to be. A character arc doesn't have to be about somebody being the best at something. Heki is a slightly above average general that has had some amazing achievements in his career. What's the point in comparing him to guys like Ousen or Riboku? Compare Heki to your average general, not top tier generals.
That would be terrible because Ace would have even fewer excuses why he didn't tell Whitebeard about Wano.
Not like this bs is anything new, Oda pulls that stupid shit every once in a while.
So why didn't Ace tell WB about Wano then?
&gt; Volume 96 has been released only in Japan as of now. Not as if matters where else it gets released. International sales are miniscule compared to Japanese ones, Oricon doesn't even count international sales for any manga cause it just ain't worth it. There is other reasons why the newer volumes sell fewer copies.
&gt; Plus the new volume hasn’t been released worldwide yet. The Japanese don't count international sales anyway because they are so miniscule. &gt; Also due to COVID it’s probably a lot harder for Japanese people to get their hands on the volumes. The downward trend started way before COVID.
Marco said something along the lines that he didn't know how bad it was in Wano. He was WB's right hand man, so it's fair to assume WB didn't know either. That's also my gripe with that story, there is no way WB whouldn't have found out in those 20 years. However, it seems like he really didn't which is just stupid imo. I need a proper explanation as to why he didn't interfere.
How about the fact that you get to play football for a living, making more in a week than some people do in their lifetime.
It's cheap writing if he expects us just to go with the flow no matter how illogical it is.
&gt; Forme Ousen will always be that mysterious guy who sits on his butt, apparently doing not much, while others risk their lives and rushes in to "save the day". Wut? Particularly in the battle for Kankoku Pass Ousen's action were crucial for Qin.
Obviously not cause not everybody that buys Jump reads One Piece.
Marco said they didn't know. Also, it wouldn't fit WB's character to decide simply not to save Oden's children because their father pissed off WB once. It just doesn't fit his character at all.
The fucking irony of a Barca fan posting this, lmao.
I haven't seen a single expert or commentator say this wasn't the correct call. He's standing in Courtois' field of view, offside as clear as day.
What the fuck is there to argue about? It's a rule in the game. Explanation no.6: "An attacker in an offside position (A) is clearly obstructing the goalkeeper’s line of vision. The player must be penalised for preventing an opponent from playing or being able to play the ball." There is nothing to argue about, it's just that some people actually need to learn the rules of the game.
Disagree for the most part. Maybe this latest war was a little longer than it needed to be, but it's the exception nit the rule. I've been very happy with the pacing other than that.
Issa joke.
1.) Kingdom 2.) Vinland Saga 3.) Berserk 4.) Monster 5.) Golden Kamuy/Vagabond That's my top 5, couldn't decide on the 5th spot so it's a shared spot.
If Oda goes that route well that would cement Wano as the worst "big" arc in the series imo. Yamato witnessed Oden's execution as a kid, he was inspired by Oden at the execution which is why he mimicks his clothing all the way down to the chains. Later Toki made her prophecy, and Yamato waited those 20 years that Toki talked about and figured out he's waiting for Luffy. That's a much better storyline than any bullshit about "Yamato is Oden". Hell, it creates an interesting dynamic between Kaido and Oden through their respective sons. Momo ate a dragon DF, mimicking Kaido, while Yamato is inspired by Oden.
&gt; Oden knew about Luffy before all the shit about Toki, Toki jumped them forward 20 years because of Luffy, not by accident. Roger and Oden KNEW about Luffy, there is countless evidence proving this. (or at least that he would exist and when) I don't see how that means Yamato has to be Oden. Yamato could also be waiting for a long time while not being Oden, waiting isn't a trait that only Oden can have. &gt; You're literally ignoring oden knowing about all this beforehand, and that Oden is literally based on Yamato Takeru. I'm not ignoring anything. I don't see how Oden knowing somebody will come in the future and start the dawn means that he has to be Yamato because Yamato has been waiting as well. The Yamato Takeru thing could be just a nice nod/reference from Oda. &gt; Actually, my idea is more creative than your idea, it's why you couldn't connect all the dots without me explaining it. It'd in no way be the "worst big arc", if anything, it'd be a wow moment like when we found out the minks really were defending raizou. Literally everything is pointing towards yamato being oden, even down to yamato wearing a mask. The fact that you have to superimpose yamato witnessing oden's execution (which isn't a sure thing) to try to avoid the countless clear things pointing towards oden being yamato (toki is really dead though), is kind of weird. Imagine being this obsessively superior about a theory that like hundreds to thousands of people came up with immediatly after reading the chapter. It would certainly not be a "wow" moment to me because it completely derails Oden's flashback, it doesn't add anything to the story except for questionable story decisions (choosing a fake-out death AGAIN), it drastically lowers the stakes, and it's a stupid fucking plot twist to begin with (entirely different from the mink and Raizo reveal). &gt; The fact that you have to superimpose yamato witnessing oden's execution I didn't post a theory, I posted a simpler explanation to your theory.
What when Kaido himself uses Haki? How is Luffy just going to assume that he will face the exact same Kaido he faced when he was one-shotted? That Kaido wasn't even close to being serious, what's his plan once Kaido gets serious? I'm just saying, the story just made it really hard to believe that training for like a week after getting absolutely rattled by an opponent that was basically chilling you are strong enough to take on that opponent at full strength.
&gt; Waiting for a long time specifically for Luffy is a trait that is specific to the Roger pirates, we are also made aware that oden and roger knew that luffy was coming (maybe not his name or face, but that he was coming to free wano) And Yamato, in my example, knew that something was coming but didn't know exactly what up until Luffy showed up and he is aware of it. &gt; If you have to make excuses about "being a nod" (it clearly is, which is why oden is using the name yamato) to try to say my argument is wrong, when at most that turns my argument into a 90% chance instead of a 100% chance) , then yikes. When did I say your argument is wrong? I just questioned it and provided a different explanation. Why are you trying to fight windmills here? &gt; The other people said "looks like oden's clothing, so it's oden", I talked about things you've probably never even heard about for evidence, so yes, me being right that it's oden does make me "superior" with my theory to yours. Calm your superiority complex dude, it's cringe. I provided you the reason why I don't like this theory, why I hope it goes a different route, and what would fit better imo. I'll let you in on a secret, you didn't discover anything deep. All of the information you provided was known, you didn't give me any new information (as opposed to how you are acting). &gt; Pell and Pound surviving added absolutely nothing as well, and it took away their big moments. Toki is still dead, and their kingdom has been ravaged for over 20 years. Yes, and Pell and Pound surviving was trash, just like Oden surviving would be trash (even worse trash in this case). What's your point? &gt; Your statements don't even disprove mine even if we're being generous. at best it's "you could be right, or I could be right", yet you pretend that there is no way it could be oden. I'm not even trying to disprove shit. I don't pretend anything. I don't think it's Oden and I don't want it to be Oden, that's my whole statement. You are out here fighting windmills and strawmen. You're free to give your theory and I'm free to say I dislike that theory and why, that's how this works.
&gt; You are literally having to make stuff up to try to disprove me. That first post is literally just your view on what happened. You really have trouble reading, don't you? I'm not trying to disprove you, I'm not even posting a theory. I just gave an alternative explanation to your main points off the top of my head to show that just because you can make the case for the theory doesn't mean it has to be true. I just gave my opinion on the theory. Come on, you read a manga that has almost 1,000 chapters and now you're telling me you cannot comprehend a few sentences in a comment chain? &gt; Link me stuff about the 20 years and everything, because otherwise that's just lying. About what? &gt; Actually pell surviving is worse than oden surviving. I vehemently disagree because Oden is much more crucial to the plot than Pell.
????????? What?
Yes, he did. I don't see what your point is. I simply don't understand what you want from me.
Nice theory, but I just wanted to add that Oden died 20 years ago, it's not far fetched to say Yamato was anywhere between 4 and 7 during that time. Actually, your theory would supplement it really well. Yamato witnesses Oden's final moments which inspires him. That inspiration leads to him investigating into Oden and finding his journal.
This isn't "which series is the most read" series, but ranks the "hottest" (so highly subjective) series many people are reading. One Piece has had a downwards trend in Japan for a while now.
1.) Coalition Invasion 2.) Sanyou Campaign 3.) State of Ai Rebellion/Coming of Age Ceremony 4.) Battle of Bayou 5.) Western Zhao Invasion Number 5 I'm not so sure about because Battle of Kokuyou Hills was also an amazing arc and could also be in the 5th place, but Western Zhao Invasion wins because of the sheer scale of the arc.
Mate, we're down 2-1 and playing without Ramos in Manchester. Of course the odds won't be great.
I think Kroos needs to be rested as well, next to Ramos ofc. Maybe go with a 4-4-2/4-4-1-1 Courtois Carvajal - Militao - Varane - Mendy Asensio - Modric - Valverde - Vinicius Benzema - Hazard Something like that, maybe Isco instead of Asensio, depending on who of the two is fitter atm.
I think we've already seen how he recruits new members, well kinda. In the Battle of Kokuyou Hills he switches a unit with the HSU (Naki - Bihei) and Naki says that's what they usually do. My guess is that they do that to snatch those men away from their original units. Sorta by luring them in with prostitutes and riches. Then they become estranged from their initial units and voila you have a new soldier who you can "train" to become a bandit. This works with normal recruitment as well. You just "train" them to become bandits, those who are too moral for that will ask for a transfer to a different army while the rest just kinda become bandits through being surrounded by them all the time. Obviously this is all speculation and hopefully Hara goes further into detail.
It's not one guy. Naki told Bihei to pick a couple of guys who would go over to Kanki. It wasn't Bihei alone, we see him with HSU soldiers when fighting under Kanki. Not to mention, the Kanki army making their soldiers bandit like is a perfectly fine explanation. They recruit them as normal soldiers and then they make them into banidits.
&gt; I know the old man says this is beyond shadow of a doubt but is it possible that something suspicious happened with the will. Im not saying Ka will be king but it feels weird that the will changed the day before death but I guess the king may have seen the writing on the wall and was really pissed at Ka. King Toujou called for the records clerk after his meeting with prince Ka (after he bit his ear off), so that's when he decided to change the will. So the will certainly isn't forged or anything. Btw, it's Zhao not Zhou.
We see Toujou calling for the records clerk in last week's chapter. So the document definitely is not fake. He decided to do it after his meeting with prince Ka, probably because he is a spiteful asshole who wanted to fuck over Ka because he dared to speak up to him and isn't a psycho asshole like him.
What has he accomplished? Zhao was devastated after Hakuki killed 400,000 of its citizens. Then Renpa left as well because he saw how hopeless the Zhao king is. Riboku took over, before that he had beaten the Xiongnu who had been terrorizing Zhao for decades. He dealt with Ouki and Gekishin, two big threats from Zhao's neighbors. Then, after noticing that Zhao alone cannot defeat or stop Qin he arranged the coalition. Qin was able to defeat them through a miracle basically. After seeing that Qin cannot be stopped or defeated and Sei was determined to see the unification through he decided to slow Qin's progress down. Qin doesn't have the resources for a very long conquest, so he basically had them by the balls. Shouheikun and his guys needed one year to come up with a strategy to counter that. That strategy was countered again by Riboku's defensive structures (Retsubi - Gyou) so Ousen had to step up. And even Ousen wouldn't have been enough if king Toujou wasn't a massive moron. And even that wouldn't have been enough if king Ouken didn't decide to help Qin out. Riboku took a Zhao that was basically on its knees and made it the main threat for Qin and Sei's dream of unification. While having to deal with what seems to be the worst king in China.
Impossible to say, there's too many unknown generals at random posts in Qin.
&gt; Yes, he helped rebuild the Zhao military strength. That said, he wasted a lot of troops just to bring Ouki out of retirement. That’s short sightedness. That awoke a sleeping tiger. We give a lot of credit to Riboku even when people see through his plans and Houken saves him. Killing Ouki was the whole point. He weakened Qin and it helped him assemble the coalition later on in the story. I don't see how killing the best general of Qin is a failure in any way. Also, lol at "Houken saves him", Houken is mostly incorporated within Riboku's plans. In fact the only time Houken was on the battlefield and Riboku didn't plan for it was on Shukai Plains. &gt; Riboku has tried to slow Qin’s conquest for unification but his Western build up is sitting there useless at the moment. Those are just more troops that can’t be allocated to defending Gyou and Kantan. You’re giving Riboku credit for his plans. Qin keeps overcoming his plans that he painstakingly creates. I will not give Fiboku credit for “by only if” type of deeds. Give Qin credit for using politics and economics to solve the Coalition and Gyou problem. You're saying Riboku did nothing when he took a state that was in shambles (speaking of military here) and made it Qin's most dangerous foe. You actively ignore how much it took to take him down and that, if prince Ka was the king, it would've maybe even been impossible to take him down. That's not nothing, that's far from nothing. You can't just ignore circumstances and look at results, especially when the results have been massively influenced by various parties. &gt; Riboku could have spent more time building Zhao up but he overestimated himself. Let me be clear about Retsubi. That ingenious plan he came up with was not only recognized by Ousen but just about every leader there. He never expected that Ousen would choose the 4th option. His hubris was his undoing. Riboku didn't expect Ousen not to notice in the first place. In fact the enemy commander noticing is part of the Retsubi scheme, that's why everybody (save for Kanki, who relied on Ousen) wanted to retreat. Ousen, and only Ousen, saw a way through this scheme and, again, even that would've been for naught if Ka was the king (you cannot just ignore that). You're justifying Toujou wanting to execute Riboku by taking things into account that Toujou directly influenced. That's like requesting a soup in a restaurant, spitting in it and then complaining that the soup is disgusting.
Completely disagree here. Riboku is one of my favourite characters so I obviously do not want him to die here.
Hard disagree on that one. Hara has to stick to history, while also telling a story. This is what happened in history; and considering Sima Qian's comment on Toujou's decision Hara obviously went for the "Toujou jr." route. Though he doesn't have to stick with it completely, the lil' shit doesn't have to be a complete copy of his father. Just, he obviously cannot be great because the historical texts state that he was shite (appearantly).
I know it's a meme and all, but I gotta ask. How many times has Riboku said something is part of his plan when it wasn't?
"I just don't want anyone in the Shin army to die; I want them to keep winning :'(" "I'm a pretty edgy person, I want this person to suffer in the most twisted ways possible." Lmao.
I haven't, I wanna see more of Riboku.
You don't have to look like your father to be his kid. Maybe Ka looks more like his mother. Toujou stripped him as crown prince because of the conversation they had in the throne room, where Ka stood up to him. In fact, Sen looks like the fusion of Toujou and Kohi (the concubine who seems like his mother).
No, I really want to see Zhao succession disaster, it should take another chapter at least, maybe 2. I'm not tired of Zhao at all so far.
Riboku does not want Zhao to disappear. He's a patriot. He believes the wars of unification will do more bad than good.
I didn't get the impression that anybody from the jail was a top tier commander. Just good soldiers and officials. Also, Shibashou for example is historical. Gyou'un and Chougaryuu were vassals of Rinshoujo, another historical character. I mean, how many truly top tier generals did even show up to fight for Zhao. Riboku (and his deputies), Keisha, Shibashou. Is there any more?
At yes, all those latinas from Romania.
Ok, this is what happened. A player from the opposing side fell inside the box and asked for a penalty. VAR had to check the situation and then decided it's not a penalty. That's the beginning of the video, Mou is happy because it was decided there is no penalty. At this point the game isn't even being played, it's stopped because of that check. Mou sits down, the game starts again, but his assisstant reminds him that the player who wanted the penalty could've gotten a yellow card for diving. Mou gets angry and goes to complain.
Well, imo the proposal he made to Sei is actually a really logical one. The 7 state alliance is basically a prototype of the EU or even early US.
What makes Sei think his new country will stand after his death? Riboku simply saw that there is no arguing with Sei, he is determined to see unification through because he thinks that is what is best for China. Riboku admires that. I understand Sei's point, but his question can be thrown right back at him.
The short sword doesn't mean much, Kanki and Yotanwa also got one. It's simply part of the exemplary reward. So far there is no indication that he has been promoted, but Moubu's promotion was also off-screened so who knows. I hope they adress this soon.
&gt; It is possible to anwer if a alliance will last 500 years and more . It is simply impossible , even in our modern day , the only alliance that exist is America and they weren't in the same situation as China back then . How can you say when it's never been done in ancient China? &gt; If you whant to find example that unification can work , you just have to know that there was 500 country and only 7 now . And all those country who are merged coexist in a good it seems . Sei's dream isn't just to unify the lands, it's to end warfare altogether. Both, the logic of Riboku and Sei (and Ryofui) on how they would achieve peace are logically sound. There is no correct way, because there is no way in hell warfare would end (especially at that time). &gt; I didn't understand you question , but unification through military is definitely possible . And alliances are also possible. Riboku just doesn't think what Sei is attempting is worth the risk, simple as that. &gt; RBK just wanted to try Sei determination and if he really thougth about unification , that is why he stopef trying yo convince Sei after Se exposed the flaw in his argument . Yes, but that doesn't mean that Sei's dream has no flaws. I don't see your point here. Riboku stopped as soon as he saw it's pointless, that absolutely does not mean that Sei was in the right. Only time will tell. &gt; I mean history is just a history of conquest and unification .... They started from tribe , bug tribe , city , city state , country , and empire . History show us that unification can be achieved and and if good people succed in it . It can be good in the long term . And history also shows us that alliances are possible. &gt; Don't be dumb , Sei answered you question if you can't understand how a alliance can't stand for a long time . You need to reread kingdom . We have bad king who don't care who will destroy they country , corrupt politician who don't care too . Alliance within allaince wich is possible , grudge between people who can shatter a alliance . Time of crises and poverty , you can have assasination . What have we seen in kingdom if it is not that treason , bad king etc ? + many other thing . Without counting that without his head figure a alliance can easily crumble . And how does Sei solve this? How is killing hundreds of thousands of people going to stop grudges immediatly? Sei says he wants law to rule over everybody, but what does that mean? Who enforces the law? Will he make a democracy? I don't see that. Is the risk worth the sacrifice? Those are all legitimate questions, and some people come to the conclusion that it ain't worth the risk. The problems with the alliance are the same as with conquest. Humans are complicated, and your government system will be run by humans, you will rule over humans. Sei is willing to take a massive risk to try and achieve something that is imo unachievable (especially in their time): end warfare. Riboku also dislikes warfare but doesn't want to spill an ocean of blood to have the 0.0001% chance of bringing peace for some limited period of time.
This Real Madrid is better than the Real Madrid in the last season. If you think otherwise you just haven't watched the games. How anybody could even think last seasons Real Madrid is anywhere close to the current form they are in is beyond me.
Isco has been playing well before the pandemic and got a minor injury after restart so that's why he hasn't been in the squad lately. He did his job quite well thus far. Marcelo is looking better than he did last season. Seems like he is more in shape, and he doesn't have as many defensive blunders as last season. Obviously, he is out of his prime but he still does his job well sharing this position with Mendy. Courtois has had a great season. You won't find a goalkeeper that won't have mistakes here and there, but he has been an essential part in making the Real Madrid defense the best in La Liga and one of the best in Europe.
One of my favourite characters.
We play against the last place in La Liga, this is the best game to rest some players. Militao and Varane will have to play against City as well, every game of experience they get together is good.
1.) This is a subreddit for manga. Any topic about any manga should be ok to discuss here. Sales are a topic many people like to discuss, it's why there is a weekly sales ranking being posted here every week. 2.) This isn't just "a series selling well", it's a series breaking a 9 year old record from One Piece, the most popular manga of all time.
Why would the pacing even be better? It's not like they suddenly have a gap of over a hundred chapters. The pacing will mostly stay the same.
Please explain your point better here, what is so predictable? Hara is just telling history in this case, Toujou disowned Ka and gave the throne to his younger son. I simply don't understand the point you're trying to make here. How has the politics been garbage since Ryofui? Since Ryofui was dealt with we have had Sei and Ouken discussing the fate of China and Ouken agreeing to submit to Qin if he deems Sei worthy in the future; we have had Shoubunkun asking Rishi to help Sei build the country he wants to build; and now we have this Zhao succession and civil war. How have any of the three been bad, like legitimate arguments?
Hara's literally following history here though, lol.
I don't see your point here. Hara has made Riboku make plenty of mistakes (or let him get outplayed) in Shukai Plains and the Gyou campaign in general. Hara is also following history here. Toujou was a bad king who disowned the crown prince before his death and made his younger son the new heir. That is what happened, and Hara has no reason to change that.
He doesn't look 16 at all, lol. He looked 16 during the coalition war, because he was around that age (16-17). After the coalition invasion we had a timeskip and Shin started looking like a young adult. To me he looks early 20s rn.
What do you mean by that?
He's had 2 bad games in a row now, but the games before that he played well.
Welp, that was a lot closer than I thought it would be. Really below average performance from most players on the pitch. At least the 3 points are in the bag and the path to the title is clear.
It is.
So basically what you're saying is "he didn't score". Let's look at his games since the restart: **Eibar:** Had a good game, one assist, one key pass, two dribbles. Nothing too flashy, but arguably the best player in that game. **Valencia:** Even better game than against Eibar. One assist, 4 (!) key passes, 3 dribbles. He had the ball at his feet a lot, made the right passes (90% success rate on 60 attempts). **Real Sociedad:** Didn't play. **Mallorca:** Meh game from him, it was obvious he isn't fully comfortable in that position. Still managed a key pass and a dribble, had some good passes, but largely forgettable performance. **Espanyol:** Same story here. So, it's like I said.
It's sexual assault if you're told to stop and you continue doing it with the excuse of "I don't remember" while you actually do remember and just use your drunkeness as an excuse to get away with that stuff. How anybody can defend those actions is beyond me. News flash, it didn't happen once. Appearantly all the girls in the house have a back catalogue of stories of Fed either being a manipulative asshole or a completely creepy loser.
&gt; I watched every single one of those games so I don't need you to bring up stats, the eye test was enough. I have as well, my eye test was different then. &gt; Like I said, if you think this is the Hazard that we brought from Chelsea for 100M then this discussion is pointless. Point to me where I said that. I said Hazard has had great games since the restart. And he has, against Eibar and Valencia. It's not my problem that for you he only can be trash or absolute world class, no in-between. Like, you won't even say he had a great game against Valencia, that says enough to me. &gt; Btw, he was literally not even top 5 from his own team in every single one of those games. Stop watching football on a calculator. This is ridiculous now. Yeah, only you have the right eye test, the football sharingan. Everybody else that says he had some great games is an idiot because you have THE EYE. You literally don't provide any arguments beside "the eye test". Well, against Eibar and Valencia he had two great games, that was my eye test.
No teleportation needed when the new border is like 30 kilometers from Kantan.
Well, Golden Kamuy certainly is not. There is chapters with like 5 comments.
*great grandpa, Sei's grandpa was a king for 3 days. A speculation was that Ryofui had him poisoned so that Sei's father would become king sooner.
Now it makes even less sense why WB didn't interfere with Wano...
What do you mean Busquets? It was Diego Costa's balls.
Not watching the game, but isn't Hernandez x Hernandez the ref?
Oh, yikes. That is indeed a deadly combination.
Give Odriozola another chance, if it doesn't work out sell him after next season and buy a new back-up right back. I have nothing against Vazquez staying in Real Madrid as a role player, but I honestly doubt there is a place in the team for him.
