I love how they just don't give a shit if they are playing the best or the worst they will play the exact same way.
I was worried when Vardy retired from England but we've got a more than capable player in Wilson.
I think he could have done better in getting tight and challenging for the ball he kinda just lets Wilson have a run on him.
Lukaku is looking so much like akinfenwa body wise now but way weaker lol.
Don’t let this season fool you, Rashford is a very good player but the whole team has been a complete mess.
This isn't a UPF but the possessed stream is just flat out insane. https://youtu.be/9eo-I1o8_tY?t=136
He's nothing like your Stereotypical English striker lol.
Corrupt American score card. What a robbery.
Are you English? Calling it football, and saying the word bellend but you support Barca?
That was truly awful by Vertinghen lol.
Foyth has been thrown in the deep end
I love the NLD
There aren’t many proper Derby in England anymore everyone is just so nice even United vs City.
Love this match so much haha.
It’s a Derby tbf emotions are very high right now.
Was waiting for the racists to come out.
They will always show their truce feelings when a minority annoys them.
Where is Ozil injured?
He’s been the best playe for Arsenal I think.
Same I like a proper derby.
Same I like a proper derby.
His teeth are awful though.
Absolute first class holy fuck.
Unbelievable match holy shit.
That was fucking awful tackle.
I thought Mike Dean was a spurs fan haha.
What are you talking about Football is a physical game lol, players are always barging into each other and obstructing players.
Best game of the season. Incredible.
Surely a yellow there.
It was the best match of the season.
The players are keeping the man in his job, they’ve pulled last min winners quite a lot this season.
They pop up when we win or he says something smart about the media in particular If Scholes is critical of United, they really go after Scholes and back Jose.
&gt; Jermaine Defoe Why did you name Defoe? lol I like Defoe but random player in the list you named haha.
Who gives a fuck seriously. Ever little thing another manager does people on here complain. The victim mentality has become so deep rooted since Jose came here.
Luckily our players are trying since we keep on scoring late goals to win or draw, under Chelsea they were legit in a relegation battle sometimes dropping down to the bottom 3 or just hovering above it. We haven’t got to that point yet so I can’t blame the players since they keep bailing Jose out.
Jose doesn’t trust youth players. Chelsea fans were begging for him to use some when they were scrapping it out in relegation positions.
It makes no sense like I said what does other managers have to do with Jose and United? The comparisons come from no other manager was in such dire need to try something different like Jose had to, not even Conte. Jose was literally in a relegation battle and even then he would rather use a player in Ivanovic who had no legs and would continually fuck up. Other managers did not need to use youth players, even when they were doing poorly they still had enough to keep them in a position of Europa league, or in the case of AVB was sacked. Jose refused to even when things got horrible so there is no way Jose would turn to youth at United when he didn’t even try in a relegation battle at Chelsea.
I never said anything about why he’s mentioning Chelsea I was the one that brought it up, I said what does other managers at Chelsea have to do with United and Jose. Well if you’re asking me if we should sack him or promote youth I’d say sack him, but OP was talking about promoting youth and said Jose won’t since he never at Chelsea when they were in a relegation battle literally as low as it could get for Jose outside of actually being relegated. I agree some won’t be ready arguing against things I never even said.
I agree Chelsea are a club that don’t but they also were not in such a horrible situation like Jose had them in, in the Abaromovich era at least. If there is one time Jose could have used Chelsea extensive youth system would literally be in a relegation battle and supposedly the players were plotting against him surely you as a manager would turn to new players when he said players are simple not playing for him but he still carried on with the same players. If all of that stacked against you and you still would rather use “snakes” there is no chance he’ll use it at United.
I disagree with almost everything Winter said in that clip, and the twitter username is called MourinhoMindset obviously biased. Anyway point 1. We keep talking about Jose, Jose literally brings it on himself with his action off the pitch. I don't care what anyone says Poch has had it far worse than Jose this season they had massive injury problems, they don't have a stadium, and they didn't spend a penny. Can you imagine the absolute war Jose would bring if that happened here. Point 2. And I hear this SO MANY TIMES "he's your boss you still have to put in effort" the thing they continually bypass because they know it breaks that argument down is they also make it about one person, they know if a whole team is breaking down, thats down to bad management. United as a team from the defence to midfield to attack is a mess, it's not just one player. Another thing about work places is if you treat your workers well they perform better. Jose does not treat his players well. I was listening to total football today and they mentioned after the young boys win, Jose comes out and tells everyone how much he’s won with the whole “here’s some stats for you” And when we drew with Southampton it’s back to blaming the players with “mad dogs” thing. Point 3. The players aren't fit for the shirt, maybe that's the case but Jose has had 3 seasons to fix that and with the players he's bought he hardly even uses outside of Matic and Lindelof. And even then the players continually save the man by scoring late goals to win or draw a game. point 4. Ed Woodward, ok I agree with him partly with this Jose should have been given more money but Jose gives Woodward absolutely no faith he doesn't play the players he's bought in. Jose also decides to buy players going in their 30s. Talk about City as much as you want about buying the league but they are buying it the right way, they buy players who can play for them for the next 10 years. Jose wanted Toby Alderweireld, City went for Laporte and Stones, we wanted Persic they went for Mahrez or Sterling that's the difference point 5. The Glazers do need more leadership I agree but they know fuck all about football.
Moyes mid table manager = mid table finish LVG = Fair enough, though I wouldn't say LVG was in his prime but he did well for the Netherlands at the World Cup. Jose = been sacked at 3 clubs, theres a pattern in that too.
Yes it has. And they are a problem too but I’m talking about managers right now.
Yep
Sadly I don’t know anything about American football, but I doubt they are dumb people and they seem to be happy where the team is now. Unfortunately.
I agree it’s awful right now. My whole problem with United and Jose in particular right now isn’t how we play it’s the toxicity at the club. If Jose would keep his mouth shut and get on with the job like LVG and Moyes did I wouldn’t say anything I didn’t like their football and wanted us to be better but at least they were civilised more often than not. I’ve not liked Jose since his outburst on Scholes and seeing hordes of people on here and on the internet in general turn on Scholes and calling him bitter and all this rubbish. And let’s not forget all Scholes did was say Pogba is a match winner and is unplayable against but he needs to play further forward, to then have Jose say Scholes is annoyed he didn’t make as much money as Pogba or what ever. Then had a snide comment about Rio and Scholes saying they purposefully gave up on managers again what utter nonsense.
I haven’t read the article but if you’re against showboating in football you’re a proper wet wipe.
Thanks man I'll check it out now.
I don't think Jose had title ambitions at all, he seemed pretty much set on it being tough from pre-season.
Sometimes it's hard to believe there are actual people out there like that. Look at lingards instagram and you'll see so many man babies that do nothing but complain.
Is he not? He can bully defenders with his hold up play, isn’t bad in link up play, and is well above average goal scorer just not elite. There can’t be many better as a pure target man.
If you agree or understand why a grown man would be commenting on Lingards page like that is pathetic.
They've just scored :( and could have had a second
Would you take Howe? It wouldn't be the worst choice imo.
Because his career doesn't just encompass Chelsea.
You’re right, I’ll be honest I completely forgot about Costa I haven’t heard much of him since he moved back to Atlético Madrid.
I feel tired just watching Bournemouth being pressed to death.
What an ending, City were really pushed back.
I think most people should have realised this when they keep on coming back from being a goal or two down, they’re always fighting to win games even if they fail to win but get a draw.
TBF since Sir Alex left we've finished 7th, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 2nd and who knows where we will finish this season we're already 8th and 8pts behind 4th and 19pts behind 1st we aren't exactly been the same United that can claim to be a contender for the title even finishing 2nd last year was 19pts behind City. Even Jose got the chance at a bigger club when he got the Porto job which is a big job in Portuguese football, doing well by all accounts for U.D. Leiria. And I think it's unfair to compare running a billion pound company in United and Bournemouth as a off licence lol Bournemouth are still a Premier League club competing against the best clubs in England. Is Bournemouth not a mid range club? If they had more of a name like a Newcastle, Palace, West Ham, I think most people would view where Bournemouth have finished as a mid range side, not the cream of the crop but better than the Cardiffs, Watford, Stoke etc.
So I don't watch basketball at all what does "in the paint" mean? I always assumed he wasn't good at Basketball on the technical side and was only good because he was big. In fact I swear there was a meme about him being rubbish at free throws? But I could be completely off this since you said he could have been the best ever?
I thought they would struggle tbh, but Wenger left Arsenal on the decline, while Sir Alex left United winning the league.
&gt; are you really acting like British coaches are being overlooked? That's ridiculous. The opposite is true. British coaches have always been overrated. Very few of them ever deserved to coach in the PL. But many did. Who are the British managers you're talking about? even the meme managers like Pardew did OK. Managers like Moyes, Rogers, Allardyce etc definitely deserved to manage in the Prem and then the greatest manager in English football and one of the greatest ever was British (Scottish). If foreign managers like Martinez can get Wigan relagated and still get a job like Everton, lets not act like it's British managers who get chances. &gt; The PL plays bad football in general. That's why they get trashed in Europe. And that is why the top clubs have gone for the best coaches they can sign who are all better than any British coach. Tbf, if PL plays bad football which i'm not sure is true since England actually do OK in Europe but they always fail against Spanish clubs which lets be honest so does pretty much every other country. England are only behind Spain in teams that have won the CL, and equal with Italy. And far better than Germany, France, Portugal. And if the PL does play "trash" it's because of foreign managers not British ones outside of Sir Alex and Moyes and Sir Alex wasn't "trash" he might have underachieved but 2 CL and 4 finals isn't bad. &gt; Even the U.K pundits are clueless about football. It's a pain for the brain to listen them talk about football. Where are you from? I'm part French and ive lived in France and I assure you French pundits aren't much better, nor is their media.
Ive only really seen him play for the u21 for England and he's looked good. But lets be honest he will never get a chance for United we have De Gea and Romero. Edit: Wait i've just checked and he's at Sheffield United on loan, so he's not talking about United?
I don't usually laugh at people getting knocked out but this is one of the weirdest and funniest things i've seen in awhile. You just know that security guard thought things would go a lot different the moment he tried to elbow a man with no neck
It the best IPTV app i've used by quite some margin. It's well worth it.
He was orchestrating, he's almost definitely been training them to be in positions on the pitch and he was already telling the players to pass before they even receive the ball.
You can even see he was pointing and yelling at the players on who to pass to before they even receive the ball
There wasn't even an argument to be had since you haven't replied to any of my points.
He did get annoyed at having to do that though, which is weird since thats what I thought managers and coaches are meant to do Conte, Pep, Klopp, Emery, and i'm sure a load of managers have had to manage and direct play but I don't think any of them were so annoyed at having to manage a team.
Definitely did they're professional athletes they inherently should have faster reflexes and peripheral awareness than your normal person, that and they were guided on what to do before they even got the ball.
Thanks Im still on a 970 and still in the mind of "it runs at 1080 at 60, amazing"
I hope Martial starts and we push Rashford as the striker. Lukaku has just been so bad Jose has to see.
I’m excited to see how this team does. Though 8 defensively minded players outside of the front 3.
I’m not the biggest fan but we should at least give him a chance and see what this team can do.
I can understand with the two tackles from both teams he needed to control the game cause it could get out of control if he didn’t.
Liverpool fans what could you expect lol.
I love Fury the mad bastard.
That was exactly the type of pass and hold up play Kane does.
Rashford and Martial have pressed from the front like absolute mad dogs.
Oh haha it was a compliment Kane has good hold up play lol.
Someone needs to help Dalot he’s getting roasted out there.
Lukaku mate rashford has been pressing like mad since the start, you’ve just come on help out.
I’m not going to say the game was full of quality, but it was a quality watch.
I’m not going to say the game was full of quality, but it was a quality watch.
We did score from an offside tbf
I’ll be honest I completely forgot that could happen lol.
You won’t hear it from united fans especially match going fans, they will be fuming and yelling it outside the ground calling for him to be sacked etc, but in the ground you’ll more likely hear them yell attack, attack, attack, or booing the whole team including Jose then anything directed at Jose.
Random as fuck.
I mean we are fans of a team that had Keane and loved him. Though I’m not exactly proud of Fellaini pulling someone’s hair is incredible dirty and I know age shouldn’t count but the kid is 19, I was annoyed when City players tried it on a 18 year old Rashford.
"Man he's got some big feet" "I should kick more" Genius.
I'm not a parent but i'll be honest if my kid said he/she didn't want to go id probably allow them to stay home, but I will have to rethink that when or if the time comes. I have to say though my sister didn't want to go to a party since she didn't know any of the other girls at the party apart from the girl that invited her, and the girl that invited her completely ignored my sister and so did everyone else at the party, by all accounts she was bored out of her mind lol
I completely understand I think it’s a good life lesson to teach a kid too. I think my sister was lucky just being bored and realised there was nothing to be sad about even though she had the right to be being 8 or something and being excluded by all the other kids.
Working at restaurant throughout my college and Uni days and some of the stuff I saw would be heart breaking, parties similar to that, Valentines days where the date didn’t come, I even made one of those comic strips that were big on Reddit when I first joined like 7 years ago haha. Now that I’m older and I’ve had more adult relationships I realise my comic strip is nonsense but I was like 17 when I made it haha. Here is the post if anyone even cares ha https://reddit.com/r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu/comments/ppxzm/i_broke_my_own_heart_on_valentines_day/ Edit: just checked out that sub after probably 5 years not seeing one of them comics, they still make me laugh imma resub!
Here’s a similar story with a successful footballer/soccer player (Essien) invited all his team mates (Real Madrid) to his birthday and non of his team mates came apart from 2 (Modric and Carvalho) By all accounts he was incredible sad and hurt by this. https://www.google.ie/amp/s/amp.marca.com/en/football/real-madrid/2016/09/24/57e66ad7e2704ed46d8b459d.html
Have you not heard the saying “two sides to every story”? I’m not sad for the team mates that decided to not attend I’m sad for the man that invited his team mates and most never came.
Sometimes you come into a thread or a sub and don't expect racism but it really is just everywhere on reddit.
Loads lol, he's one of the most successful artist in the world now, and he came up in the majority black grime scene in England lol. A lot of people don't know this but he didn't become popular in England through the normal pop scene he got big performing at urban nights not completely Grime or Hip Hop but definitely not your Adele scene.
You're right but Ed Sheeran isn't the equivalent of a rapper and this group isn't the equivalent of a old folks home lol. From the looks of the stage and a hippy lady coming up on stage, it just seems like a place that's predominantly black but we have no indication that the place caters to only a hardcore Hip Hop crowd, and Ed Sheeran is a pop artist his music inherently caters to the biggest audience of pop music.
😂 I genuinely felt bad for the man that day, I came back from work and had to make the one and only comic dedicated to him and his 3 kids and he’ll never know.
Funny Jose saying this when Ian Wright has talked about how you can improve as a striker, and there are certain things you can do in training and actual techniques to prepare for games. Harry Kane improved as a striker under Poch. Sterling improved under Pep. But then again Jose was never a player so it’s understandable why Jose thinks like this, he doesn’t know how to teach players the technical aspects of actually playing only strategic aspects of football. Here is Henry talking about how it's not natural he trained a lot to achieve what he could do. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3CpiT6p8UE Here is another interview where he was outright asked are you born or made and he said he was made as a striker he wasn't naturally gifted as a striker and would miss a lot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Via8d71_dgA Here is Defoe giving incredible technical breakdown on how to be a better striker, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94xUpaBqTIk Safe to say Jose doesn't know more about strikers and scoring goals than these two.
Lol The videos literally talks about you can improve Henry said he used to miss a lot, Defoe went into detail on how to be better, so I don’t know what more you want. Obviously natural talent is will separate the best from the rest and it’s apart of being a striker but you literally said training isn’t going to suddenly improve you, when It obviously does. So does a manager how do you not understand basics of the more you do something the better you get.
I don’t care if they are playing for United Rashford can improve by practicing and Defoe talked about Ian Wright telling him to follow the keeper and he didn’t understand what that meant until Wright told him and Defoe was already playing as a professional. Sterling was already playing for City when he stepped up a level, from practicing and getting used to being in position on the pitch. Kane stepped up a level from practicing. Henry was talking about himself as a younger player. Who the fuck said anything about becoming world class? Do you know who Rene Meulensteen is? He was literally promoted as a first team coach and to help them on their technical ability. How are you disputing the fact that the more you do something the better you’ll get at it, until you reach your physical peak and then you’ll decline but Rashford isn’t at his physical peak yet. Think ffs haha.
Of course I said that in my previous comment natural talent will separate you from the rest, but to say you cant do anything with players improving and practice doesn’t help is ridiculous. Ronaldo became who he was because he had the natural talent but he also worked and practiced a lot, he wouldn’t be the player he is today without practicing its a known thing that he trains constantly.
I’m so confused lol I still dont know what you’re trying to say and if it has anything to do with what I’m saying in reply to what Jose said. Yes players improve at different rates lol, but to improve you have to work hard and train.
I’ll still champion Whyte are the true HW DON!! I like Chisora but Whyte makes me laugh and is by far the nicest boxer I’ve met (not that I’ve met many)
We've had quite a few innocuous injuries in the last few matches.
I agree completely, Liverpool fans are by far the most annoying.
That I agree with he's been doing it for longer than pretty much most of us have been alive.
True but fuck man even now typical Liverpool fans think Tyler is against them because he doesn't go mad when they score, even though i just posted up videos of Tyler going mad and i've been downvoted by them. Just the most annoying bunch of fans
This is also how he calls Liverpool matches. You want him to orgasm for Liverpool goals, here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UkBb_7PPd8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdgKLfAYrZI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IISJfDnOnJE
I agree he's just worn down he's been commentating for like 45 years, he's not against Liverpool since he hardly ever gets a rise anymore for any team.
Go on Dalot with the ankle pick lol.
Mixed bag by rash today but he still got 2 assist and a goal lol.
Dalot was so good today, Rashford had a mix game but he got two assist and a goal. Decent game overall
For real though was he much better at 18? Sancho assist or scores in nearly every match for like 3 months now.
Oh I agree completely he’s incredible.
Commentators saying its slightly off I think he’s dead even, great timing from Alli. Edit: turns out he was offside.
More players should really go in on the mail and such, most players tend to keep on quiet side do an advertising, say it’s should not be in the game etc. I want them to go properly in. But then places like the Mail thrives on racism and would love nothing more. If I had to choose it would be to go in on them, they’ll make more money, more viewership but at least people know that when they are reading it they are supporting a racist publication. I also want journalist to be harder on other journalists, where are the articles on actually talking to the writers who wrote such shit. We all know the names of the people who write this shit hound them make them accountable.
From what I understand, articles like the ones posted aren't actually from sports writers I don't know this for sure but Darren Lewis one of the head writers at the Mirror talks said this once. They come from the gossip columns but just using sports stars.
I don't think protest like this work. I don't know how to solve it or if it's even possible to solve, but the best way to deter people from doing it at football grounds is to shame them. Make it known that if you're caught being racist you're going to be put out there for all to see, make them a public figure. And I think it's possible in England since we don't have massive crowds of people doing chants like in other places.
the guy that threw the Banana or the guy that called Sterling a black whatever, knows it's not right to do that but they don't care because they have prejudice against minorities. Yes education is important and it's taught to us from a very very young age that racism is bad, but if you're a man in what looked like his 20s early 30s and a man in his 50s I think it's fair to say they've been educated but don't care.
The problem is you think working hard is purely running in this "mad dog" context, I don't think Rashford is talking about purely putting up milage. If you've tried your hardest (taking on players, defensive work, intelligent passes etc) at least you can come off knowing you've tried your hardest, if you're not good enough technical (not saying Rashford isn't) but if a player wasn't good enough technically he can come off knowing he did the best he can. Compare that to a player who is gifted technically but isn't putting in the effort, that inherently means he's not getting the most of his skill set. If the technically good player scores and assists I think it's fair to say they are playing as a "mad dog" and will walk off the pitch happy they've done everything they can.
I'm sure they also don't mind a minority cleaning their house or cooking their food, doesn't mean they don't have prejudices against certain people. Now i'm not going to straight up call those people racist I don't know them but they did do a racist action.
&gt; And you think public shaming of these people is going to make them less prejudice against minorities? Or is it going to breed more bitterness towards the groups you'd perceive as persecuting you? It might make them stop acting in the way they are, for fear of the negative consequences, but it's not really going to change their underlying attitude - they just won't shout about it. Oh i'm sure if they are publicly shamed and they decide to stay a racist then they are a loss cause, they will be a racist no matter what. Sitting them down and telling them this is bad isn't going to change their mind since they are grown men they know it's not right, we've been taught being racist is bad from a VERY VERY young age. &gt; These people may well have been educated - but clearly not well enough. It's like healthcare, right - you can take a preventative or a reactive approach. Reduce the risk factors for developing a disease, or wait for the disease to manifest and take measures that suppress the symptoms - but the patient would still have the disease. The education starts from a young age, thats where you preventive education starts. Not when they are in their 50s. I'm strictly talking about in the grounds of football matches. throw a banana on the pitch call someone a racist name publicly shame them. And if that stops people from hurling abuse and they go home and still hold such thoughts then again thats where the education comes in.
No not even close lol.
Tbf they aren't Sports journalist they are gossip journalists talking about a footballer. And Jose fucking adored the English sports press when he was at Chelsea lol, and they adored him, it's just that United are awful and when Jose isn't happy he's not a easy man to talk to he fights with his own players to negate blame on himself you can bet he's going to blame the press too.
&gt; That's not really education - that's still punitive. Why something is wrong is the point, not just that it is wrong. As I said in my previous comment, it's about the adequacy of the education, too. I'm telling you they know not to throw a banana at a player, doing money chants, etc. They do it because they just don't care. &gt; That's why I made the point about propagating factors. To return to the healthcare analogy - COPD is a disease almost exclusively caused by smoking, and people diagnosed with it are encouraged to stop smoking as the first line treatment, because if early enough in the disease course it can almost completely eradicate the symptoms, and even in more advanced disease will reduce the effect of the symptoms and the progression of the disease. Ok if it's a teen that does something racist OK I do think they should be protected and educated and maybe they can be changed and taught, but from the instances in the past few days I just don't see it helping. They've lived a long enough life to know.
&gt; I'm getting more at the root causes of them throwing a banana at a player etc. as opposed to the actual physical action. Yeah i'm all for bringing in more education even though I think we are taught from a young age that racism is bad, I was talking about incidents at football grounds. &gt; People can live a long time in utter ignorancy - there's plenty of examples of people of all ages who had their minds opened. Ever seen those stories about reformed Neo-Nazis? "Never too late" might be a bit far, but I think putting the cut off as "teenage" is too far the other way. I'm talking about stamping out racist abuse inside of football grounds, I'm not smart enough to know how to stamp it out outside of football or educated enough. But at football grounds a public shaming like what the two fellas that abused players have been is the right way to stamp it out of the ground in England at least.
Yeah football in England is a pretty Insular place where it should be easier to stamp out, we don’t have a Ultra culture in England where they hold a lot of power like in Italy. It’s always separate occasions with one or a handful of people, shame and move on. And hope it doesn’t spread in the grounds which I doubt it will in England.
Lol what do mean?
Same thing happened to Alli didn’t have a great game against Arsenal everyone popped up saying he’s the most overrated player in the league etc lol. Happens all the time.
Straight ban for that.
What are you talking about? I’ve never questioned Pogba commitment.
Being conservative doesn’t necessarily make you a racist there is a lot more to politics than simple race.
From what I hear they had an IQ test at Chelsea and Lampard did very well in the top 1% in England supposedly, but the thing people use when talking about Lampard’s intelligence since I was a kid was he got an A* in Latin.
You’re acting like Walker isn’t one of the reason why City are so good, and he’s being carried by other players in the league. Do you even remember City under Pep without Walker? They were a completely different team in how they build up from the back and in particular how they attack and stretch teams. And I don’t know what Stones or Kane has got to do with Walker other than having a dig at England and English players randomly.
It warms my heart that you said Dortmund will just find another English youth talent, take them all cause you guys know how to nurture talent.
I remember when it was shown at the last E3 and people were complaining saying it looks boring, I genuinely would not mind a game where you’re backpacking through weird places with minimal action.
God I hope you’re no older than 13
They are also celebrities which means they can dress like this for how ever they want lol.
When I first started playing I actually protected Kate before I protected Chloe.
Only 12? She must be ugly!
I don't know why but this comes off as such a twitter reply lol.
It’s funny English players get a reputation that they are expensive or over priced yet there is no English player in the top 10 and you’ve got to go down into around 15 for Walker to come in.
A reputation that's been said so much and never made any sense. Who are the overrated or overpriced players? I can only think Andy Carrol to Liverpool. All the other high profile sales have matched or well undervalued. Rooney, Rio, Sterling were undervalued, and than players who have matched their value like Stones, Milner, Walker, and Stones still has a lot of football to play he could well be undervalued.
What? surely you have to take how they actually perform and than value them how else are you meant to value a player besides how they perform? No one would say Neymar to Barca is overpriced due to how well he played for Barca but he had not done it in Europe. "Stones, Walker, Sterling" all sub 50 million and all vital parts of Manchester City record winning side.
This whole chat with Neville and Carra was great.
It was the first time in awhile seeing that goal I never realised Mignolet got megged, he should have absolutely done better.
&gt; Not necessarily related, but when players like Jesse and Rash post videos from the United canteen they're always eating total shit. I know you've got to go carb heavy after a training session, but it doesn't need to be greasy shite as it looks. I swear most of the times they are eating beans on toast with an omelette? Wasn't it a big deal that Moyes took out the chips, I say eating all of that in moderation is fine which im sure Rash and Jesse do, they don't look too big they actually put up some insane numbers in game. It's really only Lukaku and he's talked about purposely putting on the weight.
Yes because Messi is hampered by being the weight and size that he is. Come on football isn't like any popular sport in the world where size is a major factor. A 5ft6 player can easily out play a 6ft4 admonis, outside of maybe the CB and keeper but even then we've seen players who can dominate those positions being on the smaller end, Casillas was what 5ft11? 6ft at max.
Jesse insistence that Rashford eating ketchup on his eggs is completely disgusting seems to be a big talking point between them lol. I'm with Rashford nothing wrong with ketchup on eggs!
What “China” characters?
And there is absolutely nothing wrong with having Asian characters there are Asians in America.
&gt; No one cares about "new fans" lol. Id rather have the best movie they can make I think the problem is you seem to automatically see a Asian or Chinese character and you immediately think it makes the movie worse or if they were taken out the film it would be better.
No I wasn't saying you I was agreeing with you.
I haven’t seen that I’ll check it out today after work. Thanks I’m still on chapter 3 though.
I assume you’re talking about the only Asian in that film Rose? I very much doubt that character is to pander to China she an American in the film.
&gt; I think what everyone is saying is not that at all. I think a lot of people are just not into Hollywood adding diversity for diversity's sake. I personally only care if the characters are well done or not or contribute to the story. I agree i'm the same. But nothing about Marvel is adding diversity for diversity's sake in fact Marvel took out diversity to add a white person in with Tilda Swinton playing ancient one in Dr Strange. Marvel is set in a world and time where a lot of minorities are around same as Star Wars so if an Asian or any other minority is hired it's because they best suited the part not a hire for diversity sake if the story is shit then it's shit, same as when a white character is shit in a film. Unlike in the Witcher 3 and people complaining about there not being any black characters I understood why the devs decided on what they did and good for them.
Ha I had to do this in America I have quite a English regional accent (Manc) and I always had to talk far slower especially when ordering food that I just put on this awful American accent and it was far easier for people to understand.
Cant fault the support for Liverpool today.
Curious but why have so many Brazilian players been called Facist have I missed something? I swear he’s like the 4th player I’ve seen called a facist.
Haha well played Ive got to say!
This fucking save is why Gary Neville was bang on in his criticism of past Liverpool keepers.
Well fuck I wasn't expecting that.
Well I'm going to chalk up Madison as a possible name for my daughter if I have one lol.
Rooney is deep in American politics. He knows his stuff. https://twitter.com/waynerooney/status/260885244541030401?lang=en
Does anyone know if what it sees shifts in and out of Panoramic view? that goes horizontal and vertical or does it view two separate images?
They're all pretty tall as tall as the parents and they've only got daughters too.
Last week there were so many articles about how he needs to change lol.
He'll play in the NL thankfully it's only 4 days? if we make it through to the final.
The fuck lol. He voices his voice on a platform where people do want to know his opinion.
They can't handle the memes that will be directed at them so they play extra hard.
Interesting this has come out now, when they've been together for 3 seasons, unlike the Shevchenko signing which was widely knowing almost from the start that Jose didn't want him.
Interesting this has come out now, when they've been together for 3 seasons, unlike the Shevchenko signing which was widely knowing almost from the start that Jose didn't want him.
I think he was advised to play him even though he didn't want to.
If I had to bet he would be a Liverpool fan. Arsenal fans even though Spurs are their proper rival they don't have the same chip on their shoulder like Liverpool fans have against Spurs fans on reddit.
I would like to offer myself to Elsie Hewitt
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElsieHewitt/ Enjoy. NSFW
A man who knows how to reddit.
An English model I think she's done some acting too.
https://player.matchat.online/embed/N1oPgzuOej?autoplay=1&amp;htmlplayer=1 It starts at the 8min mark
I know we’re missing 3 starters in Lingard, Rashford and Martial but man we miss them.
Tbf it’s not like we’re much different even when Matic does start this is always us more often than not.
Well I had no idea he had that in his locker wtf.
We aren’t that bad haha.
That was truly horrrific lol
Akinfenwa is so much stronger.
Our only shot on target was that long range from Rashford? That’s worse then even I remember.
This is really bloody bad.
We didn’t have Lingard on he literally makes us move the ball faster then a sloth
They’re waiting ive seen some of the shit they say, a lot of people on here really dislike Rashford.
And most importantly he’s the only one who can assist and score right now.
By all accounts and like Tyson said this is whats been said, but she somehow got that protective string on a treadmill (you attach it onto yourself and if you fall the treadmill stops moving) wrapped around her neck and choked. He was at a UFC event at the time.
I think he'll stay at Spurs for one more season to settle them into the new ground he's still young and he knows he'll have a lot of major clubs offering him deals even and the money won't affect him next season I say.
It's still one of my favourite games, everytime I hear the music I feel like watching someones first play through of it.
Nothing wrong with that you're in the CL to play against the best I want Madrid too tbh.
I think Carragher has always been fair to United actually, Keane I'm sure will be on the side of United but you can never know with him lol, and Souness well yeah he'll have a go at Pogba im sure
His hair transplant is on point.
&gt; Andros Townsend Just googled it, man how comes everyones hair transplant looks good and Rooneys still looks a bit dodge?
The difference in passing and how intricate the passes were when Lingard and Rashford came on was quite striking. Mata really started to feed of Lingards runs and first touch passes.
Obviously not we’re struggling at 6th place, he left with a league win lol.
This is clickbait as fuck lol, he was obviously joking when he said it.
The way he slows himself down just to gain control to absolutely burns Jorginho was amazing.
The commentary of that just makes the goal so much better. I know people dislike McManaman but that was great from him.
Because there are threads that go like “since I’ve been woke, I’ve been depressed” and when you read the post it’s almost always about dating. Some mods on here absolutely love to tell you how Asian men are “fucked forever” if all you’re reading is endless amounts of shit you’re bound to be effected by it.
That 3rd season is fucking real.
I wouldn't be surprised does anyone remember the interview Pogba did after the Leicester game and stuck up for Shaw after Shaw scored his first goal? He made it a point to stick up for Shaw.
He’s English people are ready to hate on them.
They're almost to the point where City are in the Prem, it almost looks too easy and automatic in how they can score.
City all day every day, it’s not even close.
Leno has to do better, Austin hardly had to contest for the header.
What’s wrong with that?
Exactly literally everyone boos at football but when an Asian does it its weirds or funny.
As someone who can speak French and English and ive spent 3 years in France it’s literally the same.
its not like they dont deserve it, playing outstanding football while were playing the worst football out of the big teams by margins.
Tbf its not just scouting since Klopp has made Robertson so much better. Neville talked about him a few days ago that he was targeted as being a weak link while he was playing for Scotland.
Are we going to get a load of people not even from Britain complain that an English person or team won a BBC award like the pen again haha
I still can't believe we're fucking 11 points from top 4 let alone first lol. Our team is so much better than this on paper, I'm not even thinking about winning the league I thought we would be hovering around Spurs but we're bloody 13 points behind them.
Tbf r/soccer is the place where football fans get offended over a football chant.
Speaking as someone who knows fuck all about psychology, Imo his time at Madrid changed his views on **players** and he’s taken that feeling with him with each club. At Madrid rightly or wrongly I don’t know the details but he felt the players betrayed him and I think that’s the first time thats happened, we’ve all been there in some point in our life something bad happens and you always have that uncertain feeling (for me I was “attacked” by a dog when I was a kid and it took me years to over come that mental block) And with each year that goes by he feels like everyone is against him so he goes deeper and deeper into himself and says mad shit to protect himself, again I think this is common. But with the mad shit he says in protecting himself more often than not someone has to be the fall guy in his mind, and usually it’s the players. I would not be surprised if he feels like Pogba is purposefully trying to sabotage him, which I very much doubt Pogba is but in Jose mind Pogba is the Virus. He’s also admitted that he can’t relate to young players anymore, he considers them too immature or not manly enough. I feel old watching the young players come through let alone a man that admits he can’t relate to young players that feeling must be tripled when you’re a manager.
Tbf Jose at the start of every season looks like he’s stylish and younger, when he shaves his hair is when you know he’s slowly losing it.
You have to realise to a lot of people especially on Instagram where a lot of the followers aren’t English they view Rashford as the reason why United are where we are, you see it on here too they view big money players not being bought and Rashford only playing because he’s a “local lad”
I personally blame Pogba for having basic arse haircuts he’s been shit since he stopped doing mad shit. His best game for us was when he dyed it blue against City the mad fucker.
I could not agree more seriously imagine football fans getting annoyed at a football chant lol “footballs coming home is arrogant” grow a pair ffs the chant isn’t about you stop getting offended over a bloody chant. Or stop watching football.
Happiness in any job makes you perform better I think. I understand the tough love thing but the point is there is love too.
The drop is only down to 18 million fucking hell thought it was down to single digits or something. Either way Jose is leaving a happy man.
Hmm not the best thing to do Pogba.
"Imma need to delete this soon"
Both want United to do well, Evra is right and so is Neville. Only one of them gets paid to tell their opinion.
His transfers were by far the most damning thing Jose did at United, is there even one player that he bought that's come good? The best was probably Pogba but even then he fell out with him.
Definitely this team is so much better than being in 6th and 11points behind 4th place, we should at least be hovering around Spurs but we're 13 points behind them. I could only see us getting worse under Jose.
We spent a lot of money I would hope so.
Im talking about Jose we spent a lot of money with him, so I would expect us to be better than the team LVG built
God I hope this place doesn't become another place where people post shit about China and shitting on it's people and downright racist shit being spouted off. This is one of my favourite subs to chill out and talk to people with.
Oh no i wasn't having a go at you OP and I agree but some of my fav subs back in the days slowly got too weird and that invited a certain user base, like Conspiracy and WorldNews
You all laugh but he'll turn into Bale soon watch.
Music to Rashfords ears lol. I love his accent too a mix of 3 accents.
A strong mix of three a very obvious Manc, Scottish, and Norwegian accents.
Tbf I doubt Bruce was even in the mind of a hire for Woodward.
Im sure everyone else is too, but he didnt help himself at all.
What's the bet whoever comes in will have Smalling as a starter lol.
Man Jose really has casted a spell on you lol.
The fucking dream right there lol. But it's true though people complain about players earning too much and what gives them an incentive to work harder, but that goes for most managers at the top even Mark Hughes got paid like 4 million for being sacked.
A proper commentary voice that.
La Masia
If I have a kid I’m going to make them watch Ronaldinho on YouTube, best trainer in the world.
Guy looks like he’s come straight out the 70s, and has stopped so much of City attack
Well that was horrid
That was even more horrid lol
Worst pens I’ve seen in ages.
I mean what are they going to say? Obviously its shit they are 11pts from 4th with City and Liverpool miles ahead of them even if they loved Jose it would still be shit.
I think people sometimes forget but we actually came 6th in the league even with Zlatan, we would obviously be better though.
I say about 7 months pushing on to 8 I say.
Qué?
Who ever threw that object at Dele should get a ban just as long as the racist, you can’t go attacking players on the pitch ffs.
Him and Sterling I think.
So glad a fellow United fan feels this way lol, we need players like him on our team. We have Herrera but Dele is better at it ha.
He hasn’t really played much this season though.
Yeah I do.
You think he’s got a stylist? The combinations he uses doesn’t seem like your normal manager, even people like Jose who dresses well is usually fairly common.
Come on this is why people still say the same one season wonder joke, it’s obviously not just this one goal ffs.
I mean technically you just comparing ages goes to show that age does indeed effect your techniques and strength.
You seriously can’t believe this? Football hasn’t been apart of Asian culture until very recently like the 80s compared to Europe and South America. And mostly in Japan and Korea. If size and strength was such a defining factor that you just assume a whole race of people is predisposed of being worse at a sport then America should be one of the best and Spain should be one of the worst.
Football may be popular but I’m talking about years of institutions of football teams, training centres etc, not people following a premier league team and enjoying the sport. I’ve seen indian players from sports like cricket they do not come across as being small or weak, but India has a much deeper culture of cricket and money. The shitty training is also because you guys don’t have the deep infrastructure for football like you guys have for cricket. There isn’t much money in football unlike in cricket so you’re naturally going to have a diet designed for an athlete when you’re playing cricket player, while a footballer probably has a day job so he can’t commit fully to being a full time athlete.
On here for Liverpool fans for some mad reason they hate Spurs just as much as they hate United. And maybe equal to Ramos.
It makes sense though, most boxers will have a favourite team most probably wanted to be footballers before boxers. Its one of the best ways to grow a fanbase aligning yourself to a football team.
Jose used the players at every given opportunity to tell us exactly how much he's won. But threw thing under the bus when ever they didn't win
I've got no clue how we're going to be but im just smiling looking at them in particular Phelan with that cheeky little grin.
Were they booing him or something?
That pass from Ozil is probably the pass of the season so far.
Dear god
Vardy is at his best when he’s got the brexit haircut, his hair was a bit too trendy recently.
Vardy speed still confuses me.
Has Giroud lost a shit ton of weight he looks so skinny.
True but his face looks very gaunt too.
Kewell a United fan he’s sucking our dicks hard lol.
He has more people to pass to than a static Lukaku.
Pogba was looking for an attacking pass not just one to keep the game ticking, Pogba miss placed a few passes today too.
Like I said he would be caught on the ball because no one would be around to make runs or he couldn’t get it because Lukaku would stand there waiting, Rashford or Martial would be tracking runners or marking in their own half and who ever is around him could have been an easy pass which Pogba does do too apart from the odd game where he would have a shocker. Zabaleta even said so himself, when he played against United he was surprised that Rashford and Martial was marking thier own half more then pushing up the pitch. https://www.goal.com/en/news/zabaleta-feels-sorry-for-martial-and-rashford-theyre-always/1d7iuy4giele11omzzrp3h381w
&gt; You're acting as if forward passes are the only ever available passes. As if he only ever has three available passes on at any given time in any given match. &gt; &gt; Like i said, Mourinho played 5 midfielders around him and he still couldn't find a pass regularly without taking 15 touches. Now, all of a sudden, his vision has improved a hundred-fold. You're acting like Pogba under Jose couldn't pass backwards or make a simple pass? Like I said Pogba has had dreadful games where he's completely fucked up simple passes or kept the ball a bit too long and got disposed which happened today too I should add, difference is people don't care if a player gets disposed if they overall makeup for it and today Pogba did, as he did during Jose time too. &gt; &gt; And Martial's tracking ability and positioning generally improved tenfold in his recent improvement of form. You can't just stand around at the halfway line when out of possession. United were playing against West Ham, when Zabaleta made that comment a West Ham at the start of the season and struggling I might add, that's what Zabaleta ment Martial would be tracking him instead of making Zabaleta track Martial. If Martial skinned Zaba a few times Zaba would naturally sit deeper and deeper, what happened was Martial would sit deep and Zaba would have the run on him, thats how tactics work. And Yes you can that's the fundamental difference between Jose and Klopp and Pep. Klopp and Pep would have their fullbacks pushed high up the pitch almost to the halfway line and the attackers would be deep in the opposition half pressing from the front, under Jose the full backs were in line with the CB or even right next to the CB and the attacking wingers would be just just in front of the full backs or even worse doubling up in the fullback position. Jose tactic at United was to defend deep, because he didnt trust the defenders and counter attack or lump it long to Fellaini or Lukaku.
&gt; More often it was when he would stall instead of continuing to keep the ball moving. In any phase of play. He would stall because he would be waiting for the attacking and midfield players to run in front of him so he can push the players up, but he would fuck up sometimes and sometimes he would succeed. &gt; More likely the result of making up for defensive deficiencies by having your winger engage in some kind of defensive responsibility. Something which Martial completely lacked. Which is exactly what I said Jose didn't trust the defence so he would have people like Martial track back but Martial isn't good at that he's good up the pitch attacking. So Jose had the choice force the attackers on the opposition or defend and counter, again risk vs reward in an attacking sense. &gt; That's a question only you can answer. &gt; It was rhetorical since I didn't add a question mark, and answered it immediately right after "I guess it comes naturally to me if you think me saying "that's how tactics work" is pretentious to you"
&gt; Yes, doing the same stalling in every third of the pitch was down to a single issue of a lack of movement. Not his unwillingness to make the simple pass and move. He would make it sometimes the simple pass and sometimes not and fuck up, im not sure why I have to keep saying that. &gt; It was nonsensical statement dismissed for the defensive drivel it was. &gt; &gt; Either way, only time will tell as to whether or not Pogba can keep himself motivated for more than three games. The difference being, fans will see through his transparent deficiencies and won't blame the manager when he decides to give 50% for 30 minutes a game moving forward. Not sure what was nonsensical but if you don't understand what I meant that's fair enough. Well yeah hopefully he does continue to play well I don't expect him to assist like he has today, United were playing Cardiff not Liverpool.
I follow them and a few others, just waiting for the contract.
&gt; Now look back over the repretitive nature of your replies. Again, your queries answer themselves. &gt; repetitive* If you keep saying the same thing (Pogba takes 15 touches to pass!!) obviously I will keep repeating myself to try and make you understand. Maybe it's a lost cause though. &gt; Yes, your responses have been far too complex to grasp. I should probably take the time to highlight the sarcastic tone that was typed in as you'll very likely miscontrue it as a compliment. misconstrued* You was the one that said it was nonsensical and drivel without telling me what was nonsensical about what I said. But thanks for telling me you was being sarcastic you do seem like the uptight type.
&gt; If you're going to take 10 minutes typing up a reply at least see if an edit to an obvious typo hasn't already been made 10 minutes before you hit save. &gt; &gt; As predicted. A pedantic, pretentious moron. Have a good one, simp. Im not here to wait for you to fix your mistakes. Cheers now remember it's only the internet you don't have to get yourself in such a state that you wish for people to die. Just a friendly bit of help relax its only reddit. Oh god you use the word "brainlet" are you triggered!
&gt; You quite literally didn't wait. That's the point. You spent ten minutes typing up drivel that wasn't read while trying to jump on a typo that was fixed within a minute of being posted. Exactly you told me I should have checked if you fixed your typo, nah. &gt; I mean, I'd rather people be dead than filling my inbox with idiotic, self important nonsense. Especially those who have to resort to corrections and profile stalking to make themselves feel like they have a point. &gt; &gt; Also, buy yourself a dictionary. I mean that's the point you would like people to die for messaging you on a social platform where you encourage people to message you. Can dish it but can't take it which I would have expected from you.
I know can I can, you fixed it so I don't need to. Now remember it's the internet, wishing death on someone over a comment on reddit says more about you as a person.
&gt; Must be pretty painful to be highlighted for a pretentious moron within the first few exchanges of replies. Your seething comes through perfectly. No one one is seething here, just messaging you. I don't really get angered by people online. &gt; Go find another shoulder to cry on. Your internet activism isn't wanted. &gt; I think you're the one that needs a shoulder to cry on or a psychologist im sure reddit has a place for people like you.
Jose has a very "hardman" style of management here is John Terry saying something very similar but to injured players. https://youtu.be/9PCOsZcVJeQ?t=284
&gt; I mean, if your Pogba dicksucking wasn't transparent enough that you had to resort to correcting typos, you're now stalking post history in an attempt to make a point that isn't completely shit. I've been highly critical of Pogba, ive been critical of the whole team. I needed to see who I was talking to so looked at your old post to see if you're a reasonable person or a complete nutcase, turns out you're the latter. &gt; "I know you are, but what am i" &gt; &gt; Truly pathetic. Either way, I'm done with your cries for attention. Ive never told someone to kill themselves, I would call you pathetic for saying that but it's probably something deep in you that's unhappy, hope you find some happiness in life where you don't resort to telling someone to kill themselves.
Jose has a very "hardman" style of management here is John Terry saying something very similar but to injured players. https://youtu.be/9PCOsZcVJeQ?t=284
You told someone to kill themselves because this time of year a lot of people do, and they should add themselves to the statistics all because someone said he's bored now, that's a mental thing to say to someone. https://www.reddit.com/r/PS4/comments/a8d0n9/god_of_war_is_igns_2018_game_of_the_year/ecbjvk9/ You have no proof I am unhappy (Im not) you on the other hand, either deeply unhappy and taking it out on people, or just a nutcase and I hope you don't actually harm someone.
Fuck it might as well see how the players are, maybe we'll get another Rashford or better, this season should be about trying to get into the top 4 but if we don't I dont mind personally start fresh next season.
It needs repeating tbf I don't want someone dead by your hands or because you said something stupid and pushed them over the edge maybe you will learn something today, if it helps save a life I would be happy. Seriously seek help.
Go on let it out buddy, just let it out but to me not to your friends or family or an innocent bystander. I am just a redditor just like you, I won't take any offence to what you're saying because I know it's just deep sadness coming out of you. So let it out. What more do you want to say. &gt; repetitive Go on let it out buddy
Were you better under Jardim this year? Or has Henry taken you to a new level or rubbish?
Ah as I expected, I told you to let it out and you immediately went to the old deflect your problems onto someone else, classic case of someone who can't admit their own faults and anger issues, We're over Pogba now we've both agreed we hope to see him continue to play well. Go on let it out buddy
Oh you cheeky little fella, that classic sarcasm you're so renowned for! But at least its a step in the right direction. You're reading it, that tends to be how conversations work, Oh shit sorry is that pretentious of me again.
I’ll admit yes when I talk people tend to listen. I hope you’re one of them that listens too.
Hope Chisora got paid nicely and can retire.
I do need your attention you’re right, you need to think before you speak and remember telling people to kill them selves is wrong. Say it with me buddy “telling people to kill themselves is? WRONG!!”
No stop deflecting again I can catch you a mile away haha. Hold up I thought we were getting some where, so you’re not taking my advice and you’re going to continue telling people to go kill themselves online all because of a game? Are you a lost cause? I cant lie I’ve read a few of your messages and man that deep unhappiness and self hate is very strong within you, did something happen?
You call it delusion I call it knowing what I see, are you going to tell people to go kill themselves yes or no? Well I’ve only responded to one of your many weird answers, taking it a step at a time.
No I’m not, now you know that are you going to tell people to go kill themselves all because of a comment on reddit yes or no? It’s very simple.
Jose wasn’t backed mainly because Jose gave them next to no confidence in why they should.
I don’t care where people are from the more the better imo, I love how I can go almost anywhere in the world when a match is on go to a bar or pub and connect with fellow fans without much problem. What I do hate though is a lot foreign fans not all but a lot who hate that we’re an English club and would love nothing more then for United to be disconnected from being an English club. You see it all the time on here “Rashford is only playing because he’s a Manc and English” “I would much prefer if United had no English players they’re all shit” “I don’t consider United an English club, but a world club” During the World Cup so many English club supports routinely talking shit about England, I’m not saying you have to support the team i mean you’re not English but the amount of people that hate English football but support an English team. Is just so weird to me.
While England is an Island have you ever been to England lol, it's one of the most multicultural places in Europe due to horrible stuff but it's got people from all around the world, especially in the big cities.
Rashford gets hacked down a lot on the break seems to happen at least once a match
Fred pointing at the ball like it makes any sense that he touched it lol.
Wow
We’re strangling the fucking shit out of Huddersfield so far.
The match was played at a pretty frantic pace I didn’t think Mata had the legs but he’s been our best player imo.
Boys I cant even lie I’m getting deluded in wanting Ole to stay.
It’s been a rough 8 games, Liverpool, City, Arsenal, Spurs, and United.
Fuck it give Ole the 6 YEAR CONTRACT!!
Ole is pretty much a fan put into the managers job he knows what tickiles our balls.
Not buying what us winning the league? We’re showing were better than then the rest which cant be said about Jose this season.
I had Mata before the two goals but its a hard one everyone was very good.
Ole Assistant. I just want him at the club some how.
I love how Ole has taken a complete opposite management style, a lot of new managers would come into a team and try and not completely dismiss what the old managers says and give them respect, Ole is having none of that since the first interview. It's "The plays are simple quality"
I don’t think it’s anything personal, it’s more to do with how the world is I think.
Damn that’s a schedule any team in the league would be worried about back to back to back top 6 teams lol. Doesn’t help that one of their main players is out injured with Cook.
What a fascinating read.
Hey I’m really liking this app, could you implement a way to hide categories since there are a lot I dont use.
Its a change of style, that this United team always had in them to play. United isn't a team full of up and comers that team is filled with internationals and players in positions that are some of the best in the world. Just having United not lump it long into Lukaku and have all the other players run off Lukaku if he can bring in the players in the first place makes a load of difference. Just look at what Ole does at the 60 min mark he makes changes for attacking players usually, Jose would bring on Fellaini to sure up the game. There was a game where Pogba was literally playing as a CB, So Pogba can pass it long to Lukakuk, which actually worked in that game but it shows you the difference. Against West Ham Zaba talked about how he was surprised Martial was tracking him and making sure he doesn't get a run on him than having Martial make Zaba track him.
I love Brad whenever Dan sings, he just can't contain his laughter lol.
Vinny and Dan started crying on film and forties Fast and Furious 7.
I just finished playing it after seeing Vinnys reaction and I’m with you I personally didn’t have that reaction but that reaction from Vinny looked like it hit close to home, I’m a few years younger than Vinny so maybe its because I haven’t felt that feeling or experienced that kind of loss Vinny was talking about. Though I’m glad I played it and actually felt more emotion from the happy parts than the break up.
The problem is obviously racism against Asians in England and a lot of the world is just looked as being a joke, I very much doubt Vincente would have made the same dumb jokes about another minority, same way Dave Whelan refused to apologise to the Asian community when he called them Chinks, and apologised (In a really a shit way) to the Jewish community, same way the Colombian players can do the chink eyes and people will say it’s their culture which is Bullshit. As for Vincente Im glad he was banned don’t think he deserves a life time maybe a few weeks, and hopefully he learns from it.
No one calls Vardy a racist anymore certainly not people that matter if anything he was England darling for awhile. He was one of the faces of the English World Cup team.
Go onto any Vardy goal and it’s nothing but comments about how they love him, you might have the odd comment to piss off Leicester fans but overall Vardy has completely shaken off that racist tag, not that he was tagged as a racist by the media unlike someone like Saurez who had a lot of media attention.
He's doing what he usually does lol. People will chalk it up as being funny but he needs to curb that side of his game.
The thing is they also talk about his technical ability though, im all for calling out racism my past post show that, but the same way Ronaldo, Zlatan, Rooney, etc get lauded for their physical ability, so does Pogba and rightfully so ive seen Pogba palm away strong players constantly. The person who gets called strong and physical and just for being black is probably Lukaku he just looks strong but he isn't at all, he gets muscled off the ball constantly buy smaller players.
What? Cure him of his mental disabilities? Obviously I know that.
I didn't say any of that, I was commenting on a man that said Vardy still gets called a racist which I don't think he does.
Yeah i've heard the saying "Pogba has every pass under the book" so many times to describe him they are obviously talking about his technical ability. look at Rio and Vidic, every pundit described them as Brain and Brawn with Rio being the Brain the Rolce Royce of a defender the smart tactical defender that keeps his shorts clean, and Vidic the battering ram defender who puts his body on the line.
No this guy within a few weeks will be forgotten about he’ll go back to games and no one will hear from him again unless he does something stupid. You overestimate how much people truly care about other people.
First of all show me where I said I excuse the online mob harassment? show me. Otherwise you're just talking rubbish you're putting words in my mouth. He was the one who started to mock an Asian for no reason other than him being Asian and not the only time either he made another video too, so people called him out on it. He supposedly has mental issues now and people will take that into consideration. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at exactly? You saying we should have just let it slide that he mocked an Asian for no reason other than him being Asian, when no one knew he was mentally ill?
Tbf the quote by Jose was said while he was still manager and I disagreed with him then when it was posted on red devils.
Just seems like you're looking to make it about race.
To be fair to dan the masterpiece discussion was a lot more nuisance and personal definition then just simple not knowing, since everyone on the table had a different definition of masterpiece.... which I might add I’m with Abby a masterpiece to me is an artist greatest work that is their “masterpiece”. Everything else is crazy.
Reddevils, where bragging about your shoes is worse than cheating on your pregnant wife.
By all accounts its very very unstable wait to the public beta.
Doesn’t Google do something to Firefox to make anything google run a lot slower? But saying that Google will still get their ads if people don’t use ad blockers.
the thing I miss when on a desktop to mobile is being able to search in particular channels without my search being flooded by other channels with the same search result. Right now the best work around is searching the subject and then the channel “iPad 11 inch the verge” etc which is easy to do but takes more time.
Jesus this place is awful.
This is interesting to read actually I’ve always said London is one of the greatest place to have food imo it’s better than Paris. London like a lot of major cities caters to pretty much anything you would want. And the restaurants produce some of the best food you can find of many authentic dishes from Chinese, Indian, French etc (which I’ve tried myself in China, France) but in my experience what can’t be reproduced in England is Italian food to the standards of what you can get from just normal small Italian restaurants, you can find good places like Padella but even then it’s not quite the same.
Shit it really is just like a desktop browser then this might actually be my most anticipated upgrade to my iPad, since Safari now is nearly useless to me since most websites I frequent has apps.
Tbf you’re getting every single negative about “being Salah” without any of the protection and I assume money, not saying what Salah is going through isn’t tough but he at least has the money and people to protect him.
Why the fuck do you enjoy hijacking matches?! Huh?
Neither team are playing well tbh.
He’s been there for awhile if Klopp was to get an extension I assume he could ask for Simeone money or there about. Same for Pep I assume if he signs another 4 year deal it’ll take him above Simeone.
I’m sure if he said he wanted to be in the 20million mark he would get it if Liverpool really wanted him to stay which I assume they do.
I love how much England lives in your head its amazing to watch and see haha.
Haha individuals PMs replying back to you is not you living In their heads just like when some one sees shit happen and replying does not mean they are thinking about it constantly. You on the other hand absolutely are, your username, your comment history, your post history England are parked in your head and its funny to see lol. Edit: don’t stop though keep going its amazing to read and see someone so effected by it haha.
Hay I’ve had people PM me stupid shit too, still does not bypass England are firmly rooted in your head and its funny to read, there is always a good chance to see you pop up in an England thread. Keep it up though cause its funny to read, actually as an English man I hope you don’t stop. Keep posting mate its fantastic to see someone so noticeable rattled lol.
Shit you really on about 6 days a month? You’re even worse then I thought lol 6 days a month just to complain about England wow haha which makes sense I mean your username is a take on England lol again England firmly rooted in your head lol. No you do not impact me one bit, this is my first interaction with you, but I’m learning how deep rooted England is in your head though. I’m on Reddit at least once a day talking about different things.
Is it just me or is this E3 one of the worst in just showing trailers to games without any actual gameplay or even a hint at what the games will actually be? .Off the top of my head it’s really just FF7, Watch dogs, and Doom who have actually shown some form of game play. Sony not attending really hurts this since they usually nice to show long extended game play.
seems like youre in the majority actually I haven’t seen a thread where he is rated on here.
There is no divide its almost unanimous that people on here dont want him. It’s silly because so much of it is based on “he’s English that why we are after him” BS but thats reddevils for you.
W A R N O T H E R S
“Almost unanimous”
Fair enough.
Not the biggest Nintendo fan but if you are this is by far the best E3 presentation, actually showing games that we can play.
We get a glimpse of it every time he talks about his son Max and how much he loves games too. And how he can completely relate to Max wanting to play games all day if he could lol.
He’s a fantastic long range and crosser of the ball but how’s his short passes and more importantly movement in tight areas. Long range passing in general is far easier then short range passes.
Not saying TAA can’t play there some day he’s still so young but how is TAA short game passes? cause short passes to feet is much more difficult then sweeping cross field passes and crosses.
I think In the next England camp we’ll see England far more clinical, a lot of the misses look like players not expecting it to be so pin point and rushed, TAA is still new to the England first team I have a feeling players will be more in tune to his crossing ability next time around.
More so that they don’t anticipate it, you hear it constantly how players that train together often know what there team mates want in a pass and the type of runs they make.
While I don’t think Jose is going to be sitting besides Lampard in the dugout but I can 100% see Lampard and Jose having tactical chats together, Jose doesn’t seem like the type of man outside of football to hold it back or feel like he’s giving something away, especially for his ex players who did everything for him.
I don’t think Jose would even take it or even want it. Jose with a transfer ban, and without their best player no chance Jose would take that.
This is actually smart from Chelsea, they don’t burn any bridges with a manager with true managerial power like Allegri or someone, but have a man that the fans won’t turn against in their toughest period and if everything goes tits up bring in a manager with experience and away from the ban and do what Chelsea normally do. And if Lampard somehow becomes good it’s even better for Chelsea.
Surely this should be bout Robertson defending not VVD running in a Straight line.
So was Fabinho, and nothing was said about Robertson or Fabinho in the title.
It wasn't focused on though, if you never said that someone just reading the title would have no idea.
He was marking Messi if Suarez tried to cut it back Fabinho would have had a better chance at Messi on the ball free then VVD or Robertson
I get it if a player plays well they can do the most shitty things and people will just look past it, have a mediocre season and joking about with friends is offensive. Get off social media if you’re that effected by people’s personals lives you idiots. We’re a soft fucking fan base lol.
They’re in that privileged position not because they’ve just been handed it, they had to work hard to get there. They legit have about 2/3 weeks off a year and then constant hard work and stress. And playing football is more stressful then working a minimum wage job.
Watch cricket or something because football will always be a working class sport with working class players. Before Lingard players were out boozing it up post match and it was normal.
We’re all working class people on this forum I would imagine. Social media is about as harmless of a thing a player can do.
I’ve worked in stacking jobs and a lot of minimum wage jobs but it’s not as stressful as being a professional footballer having millions of people looking at you, the press ready to pounce on your every move, the harassment that you get if you have a bad game, lies being spread about you. All jobs have a certain amount of stress but in the grand scheme of things stacking shelves isn’t the same.
Well that’s completely different I never said raising a family on minimum wage is less stressful then playing football. I said your day to day work as a minimum wage worker is less stressful then being a professional footballer.
Sure we would he’ll make more money then any of us ever would I assume. But it still doesn’t by pass that working a minimum wage job is less stressful then a pro player. If money was equal I would much rather stack shelves and have that kind of stress then be a pro player and having their stresses. Again if money was equal.
Last night on talksport there was a discussion on who the best player for Chelsea is Lampard or Hazard. It wasn’t about greatest since Lampard is Chelsea’s greatest but the best.
Good! I love spotify and use it but them not implementing the features iOS gives them is annoying as fuck!
I’m not American so I don’t know how much iPad Pro 9.7 usually goes for but speaking of the actual product it’s fantastic it’s still very very fast, there hasn’t been an app that’s caused it to hang for long periods of time, speakers are great, and the screen is looks great. I take notes on mine for work with the Apple Pencil and I love it, though it does feel like you’re drawing on glass a lot more then the new IPad 11, but you get used to it after some time.
I’ve got no clue I’m not a Chelsea fan but they’re all up there.
Yes if money was the same I’d much rather stack shelves and live in piece then be a footballer and have to deal with the shit they have to put up with.
They still have a core of British players though, Henderson, Milner, TAA, Gomes, Robinson that is 5 players who start for them and they’ve been really good. I think Ox would have been in that mix too if he wasn’t injured.
Liverpool have Gomes, TAA, Robinson, Milner, Henderson and then OX but he’s been injured but he played well for them when he was injury free, they absolutely look for British players. Spurs have Kane, Alli, Winks, Rose, Dier, they’ve just bought Jack Clarke, and are looking to bring in Sessegnon and possible Grelish. City just extended Walkers contract they have Sterling and Stones and they are slowly bringing in Foden. German teams abroad have talked about English/British players are good value right now and undervalued in the market actually. And since Ole is the manager I guess he is trying to do what Sir Alex is trying, bring in the best British talent or prospects.
Unpopular opinion but I don’t think British players are expensive and its been pandered around so much that it doesn’t make any sense, when a British player goes for a high price they tend to turn out good to very good, not always but they are not more of a risk then buying foreign. I mean Shaw is literally been our only high profile English/British player since Sir Alex left so one British player in 6 years which is crazy and it’s not like it’s helped one bit. We buy 2 players that are British and people are already moaning lol. Put it this way City have brought more English players in one season under Pep then United have in 6 seasons.
Ill be honest I thought he would struggle, obviously he is fantastic but I didn’t think he had the legs to compete in the MLS since one of the things I kept hearing about the MLS is how physically demanding it is over there. Glad to be proven wrong though.
People complaining about us focusing on English/British players realise the ONLY high profile English/British player we’ve bought since Sir Alex retired is Shaw right? 6 seasons and we’ve only bought ONE English player. To put it into perspective City bought more English players in one Season under Pep than United have in 6 seasons, Klopps Liverpool in 2 seasons has bought more British players then United have in 6. Poch in 4 seasons at Spurs have bought more English players than we have in 6 seasons, and they are going to add two more. And we buy 2 British players and people are freaking out, our own fans are calling us Brexit FC lol.
That’s fair to you it’s about how good the players are. Ive seen more then enough people say “why are we focusing on English players”.
We need to buy players when we bought Dalot I didn’t hear anyone complain, when we bought Lindelof I didn’t hear anyone complain. And I wasn’t speaking about you if you don’t mind bringing in English/British players Ive just been reading a lot of people saying “why are we concentrating on British/English players” or “we’re just a Burnley Brexit team” all because we bought 2 British players lol.
I think if we do buy Longstaff he will be one purchase for MF I think we would be going for someone else too or hope that Fred steps up. We’ve been pissing away money on players who we thought would be good, I’m not saying British players = Success but we’ve certainly tried bringing in foreign players in all positions and in almost every position we’ve needed a old English/British player to step in since our buys have been shocking.
&gt; My big problem with longstaff is our midfield situation. We have 3 not so great midfielders and 1 that wants to leave. We are short on quality. Ideally we would need 2 first team midfielders, esp with the talk of bruno who is not defensively adept enough to balance out our midfield. What is the use of introducing another bench player into the mix. Currently he's not even better than matic/ fred and that is saying something. I don't see why we should be buying players even further down the pecking order than our current midfielders who need to be replaced. The fact that they are British is important because there are players of that quality/age all across europe that we could prob get for less. James and Longstaff have been prioritised because they are British. I mean our midfield is made up of foreign purchases and we’ve been average at best we can talk about brining in quality which we’ve tried to do for 6 seasons now, we’re obviously trying to build a team and if we did buy Longstaff he would just be one of the purchases do you honestly think Ole thinks Longstaff is the cure to our midfield problems? I personally don’t but if we are planning to buy him its because he’s thought to have a lot of potential and a player that can grow. Buying super stars hasn’t exactly worked out our biggest buy in Pogba wants to leave. We have tried to bring in young quality players that are foreign, and they are just that players that are there to hopefully build a team for the future, the Lindelof, Bailly, Darmian, Dalot, Depay, Herrera, Mkhitaryan, Fred and Longstaff and James are just like them but happen to be British, I’m telling you now if we went for some unknown foreign player we would not have as many grumblings about them as we do now with Longstaff.
And the foreign players we bought before that were Falcao, Di Maria, Sanchez, Depay, Darmian, Schneiderlin, Schweinsteiger, Mkhitaryan, Gahhhhhhhh. And its so disingenuous to use Young, Jones, and Smalling as the barometer of bad British players when I actually think Young has been decent for us we’re judging him as a fullback because Darmian could not take the spot from him.
I remember seeing this video years ago and wondering who she reminds me of, and I think I know that she looks so much like a young girl version of Shaw.
In the grand scheme of things he’s been alright had his moments didn’t turn out to be the player we hoped but he wasn’t awful.
We’re not restricting the market we’re doing what we’ve done for decades purchase the best prospects in Britain and help them along. Same way we’ve been buying the foreign prospects. I said it before if Longstaff and James were foreign not much would be said.
Well you did say name me a player who are like Longstaff and James I didn’t know you wanted them to be British too. Well I named you some players on other teams. We are going for Bruno though, we have heard just as much about Bruno as we have about Longstaff. I’m not pressuring them or even think they will turn out to be world class players, I’m talking about people who are complaining about us going for them, if you think us going for them is fine then I’m not talking about you when I made the comment.
If they get as much viewership they absolutely should.
And do they? I know women’s football is very very popular in America. For years Women’s football was more popular than the men’s in America.
Yes I’m asking the question does the women’s American team get more or just about the same viewership in American as the US male team. I don’t know why people think it wont, women’s football is massive that Hope Solo girl was/is a massive star in America football, I would argue there are more Americans that know who Hope Solo is than they know Pulaski is if were talking about casual people.
Have you got any sources for this? On viewership? Americas best player is Pulisic on Twitter right now has about 250k followers, Hope Solo has 1.1M And yes I’m using twitter as a form of popularity as a source. I just know in talking to my America cousin Women World Cup football is very very big much bigger then it is in the UK.
As I said might not be bigger than we Europeans think since Women’s USA team is massive, American best and biggest male footballer is Pulisic and he’s got 250k followers on twitter Hope Solo has 1.1m
We’ve spent 6 seasons buying exceptional foreign players we buy 2 British players and people are complaining. And Longstaff isn’t the only player being bought.
That is world viewership I’m not talking about that I’m talking about American viewership.
They will be seen as extras maybe not James on the wing since we have so many of them already but Ole isn’t stupid to think Longstaff is the man to fix everything wrong with United MF.
Not too far off then.
What does that say about the foreign players we bought to replace them? Not Smalling fault that Bailly completely lost it this season, or Rojo is a red card waiting to happen, not Youngs fault that Darmian was awful and Dalot couldn’t replace him. We’ve bought players who were meant to take over from them but they keep outperforming them even if they aren’t good.
Ok he’s still been decent, he’s literally been played by almost every manager we’ve had in a lot of positions positions that aren’t even his natural positions.
And Alex Morgan has about 3.6M so women football and women’s football stars are pretty fucking popular definitely closer to their male counterpart than England or most of European teams.
I agree we have to get quality players never said we didn’t.
What? Messi and Ronaldo get FARRRR bigger viewership then Alex Morgan so they should get paid more then her. Does the American male football team?
Yeah I know and the American female team plays well, the competitions isn’t as good but America are still considered one of the best female football teams in the world.
I’m asking you have you got the American viewership I’m not disputing it I just know the women’s American football team in America is very very popular.
Yeah female American footballers play better than the mens football team.
Ive never once said we don’t need to bring in better quality I know we do everyone knows and Ole knows better than any of us, Longstaff is just one player same as Bruno who has been highly linked to United he’s been linked to United just as much as Longstaff I mean we haven’t even officially put in a bid for Longstaff from what the reports are saying we are just looking at him. My problem isn’t that people think Longstaff isn’t ready yet, it’s people complaining that we are looking at Longstaff and James and asking why are we concentrating on British players if they were foreign those people would not say a world they would do what they do with any foreign player judge them on their ability not their nationality which as you can see from the post below mine and in other threads, people see them as being British as being a flaw.
Well I’m not going to argue with anything you’ve said, I agree the academy players should play.
How do you even know that? We’re an English club we will naturally always be looking at English/British players its our home base and where we have most of our scouts, our history is steeped in British talent. German clubs are looking as British players or more so English players because they see the talent in Britain and are picking up British players all the time. This is what I mean we have bought 2 players and people are already looking at them as being lesser because they are British. Do we want to keep missing out on the Robertson, Gomez, Alli, Vardy, etc lets just say Jack Clarke the player Spurs just bought comes good are we just going to chalk that up as another player thats British but the foreign player we saw is just as good so let’s not go for them?
I’m literally asking a question. I never said I was right.
I mean thats what I’m literally asking.
Fair enough. Opinions and arseholes and all that.
Rooney usually plays even worse and most English players play worse the hotter it gets lol.
&gt; Because everytime we see an outrageous player for a British premium we hear " OH he's YOUNG, ENGLISH, " as the prime descriptors before things like being highly rated etc. That's rubbish though yeah there have been a few duds but there have been duds that aren’t British or home grown. In general British players that go for a high price are very very good players and would cost a lot if they weren’t British, for every Carroll and Drinkwater there are Sterling, Rooney, Ferdinand etc. The world's most expensive players no English player is in the top 20 if you include British players then Bale comes in at 6th you can argue if he was worth what Madrid paid for him but what he’s won for them I think it’s not bad. You have to go down to the 24th most expensive player to get to your first English player in Sterling, and I think it’s fair to say Sterling has been a good buy for City. https://www.goal.com/en-ie/news/the-100-most-expensive-football-transfers-of-all-time/ikr3oojohla51fh9adq3qkwpu This is the thing I do not understand at all with our fanbase on here you guys treat British players in a completely different standard to foreign players, we can have a load of non British players do jack shit and you won't be swayed away from signing more foreign players yet with British players if one fails it's automatically looked at as a group of players and why we shouldn't sign them. Like I said post Fergie we have signed ONE!!! English or British player ONE! in 6 years, that's less than Pep has in one season and look at where thats lead us. &gt; Also frankly 7/10 the premia doesn't manifest in value on the pitch. We had a British backline for quite a few years. Hasn't been great. &gt; &gt; If the price is right though, sure a bribe for the locals is fine. The reason why our backline is made up of British players is because our foreign imports have completely shit the bed Rojo, Darmian, Bailly, Blind, and it's too early to speak on Dalot since he's still new and young, but imagine speaking about buying British players and saying they don't manifest into value on the pitch Rooneys, Rio, Carricks, Yorke, Cole. Sheringham, Bruce, and that's not even going into the British players he had faith in and brought through.
Should we sign him? I haven’t seen much of him.
Not just that this seasons he’s been playing as pretty much on the right in a 3 man midfield in a attacking role with Jorginho occupying Kante normal position.
If we’re going by what Tifo say he likes to push players out wide and block/tackle players rather then intercept. They also say doesn’t actually go on the floor much. https://youtu.be/jSwi5stBDj0
I kinda love how Bale just doesn’t give a shit and will not budge no matter how hard Madrid and the fans try and push him out.
Mate if Sanchez did what Bale done for Madrid for United, fans would clap him at the golf course lol. United fans don’t give Sanchez any shit at the games and there are players who are hero’s that have chants just for scoring against Liverpool lol I’m looking at you Forlan.
I agree it’s just seems rare to see a big name player go against a big club in wanting stay, usually the clubs are able to force players out. Bale is having none of it lol.
https://www.google.ie/amp/s/www.balls.ie/amp/football/diego-forlan-chant-response-363102 Here’s a sweet little story about Forlan still happy about his name being sung, and Jose not knowing who Diego was when the fans were singing it.
Molde and Liverpool are arch enemies?
1 signing that’s English, 2nd in 6 seaons and red devils “obsession with English” fucking hell.
The thing I liked about the city Doc was seeing Pep teach his instructions and coaching ability but so much of his managing style is about showing heart and passion too. I would say majority of the things we saw in the dressing room was him hyping up the players I always assumed he would have a board up and instructing the players but he rarely did that in the dressing room in the doc. Obviously we all know you need to have heart and passion but players showing passion is mocked on twitter and on Reddit as “pashun” Henderson was tarred with all Henderson has is “pashun” before he won the CL.
No people wont.
To him as a person, to his family and friends, to the supporters of the country. It's got nothing to do with being able to play for a top team in Europe, it's about being the best player for your country.
Poor reading comprehension? you're the one who brought up the fake idea that people are saying how well he will do in Europe when literally no one in the comment chain even mentioned playing in Europe apart from you. Yes he was disparrasing him for being the best player for a country as being meaningless because Vietnam aren't a big footballing country when in fact it was quite impressive actually. Lol whos offended apart from you, who had to make up a fake comment about playing in Europe to justify a fake argument that no one even said. You're right I can't do much for you.
But no one was saying how well he would adapt in Europe, if someone said he would become a great player in Europe I would have a problem with that since we haven't seen anything from him to be a player that could do that. You keep saying I'm offended which is funny to me. Are you American by any chance? your continued insistence that I have a desire to be offended comes off as a very American thing when debating a point.
Once again reading comprehension is failing you, where did I say "disrespectful" I mean you put it in quotation marks so were did I say it? How do you live life where someone replies back to you and your automatically assume they are offended, do you usually offend people in real life to assume everyone is offended by what you say?
I'll leave your comments being downvoted as good enough reason to not bother commenting to your comments anymore since you insist on lying to yourself to try and make your comments seem less stupid then they already are.
Yeah by you only.
I'm not on -1 though? https://imgur.com/2tdXYJX Oh you must think you're right then, guess everyone just has a desire to be offended too for downvoting your idiocy lol
Like I said i'll leave you be now haha. Have fun being offended when someone replies to a comment you make lol.
Oh so that's why you said I was offended lol never thought you was just projecting glad to know that's your mindset though lol. Take care
Black people do "tan" too lol.
Dans always quite on podcast tbf. He’s much more of a listener it’s the streams and video where he is the energetic person we see.
I mean the U.S Embassy urged Americans to depart Iraq immediately, you would think out of all the people in the world you would warn your own people they could be in danger first and foremost. But no lets attack first put them in danger and then tell them to leave. http://news.trust.org/item/20200103080348-ku86v/
I think Jose was the man to introduce the defensive holding midfielder into the English game right? Before him we had people like Keane who were box to box midfielders.
Well yeah that’s the point though no one is saying Wenger started it all in world football but in English football which is what the discussion is about.
Is there a reason this gets so little traction? I thought reddit hated seeing Muslims being killed.
I had no idea, scary how weaponised the Internet is.
Football at all levels is very well supported in England. I remember Jose speaking about this a few years back. How smaller teams in England bring so many fans that it becomes quite tough for his teams https://youtu.be/0XSxNLVvMxI?t=173
Of course here is a CIA director who admitted that they have been evil while being applauded and cheered for. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfrhATD4nM0
In what world is Pirlo a DM lol.
Read the first tweet and didn’t even bother anymore. Imagine trying to come across legit and calling someone a “barely literate moron” for being invited to a radio station.
You’re dumb as fuck. A regista is not a Defensive midfielder a regista is closer to a deep lying playmaker. If you’re going to spout off idiocy at least slightly know what you’re talking about.
On one hand I feel bad for the guy he got so much abuse as a player, but he also doesn’t help himself lol.
I’ve seen some nutcases use the Aboriginal flag as a reasons to deny client change.
It’s still such an unbelievable achievement for a local player to come through the ranks and make it at United, we have the picking of a lot of players around the world, scouting networks around the world to try and bring in the best youngsters. And for a Manc lad to raise above them all should be applauded. And he’s getting better and better. Edit: I’ve just noticed when he runs to the crowd in his debut he’s actually running to his friends and one of them being Dean Henderson?
Whos saying they are getting Rice to build a team around? He would be a DM.
AWB and James together cost less then Pepe
Whos a better fullback that would cost less than 50mil? AWB put up some of the best defensive stats in all of Europe at Palace.
You do realise Kano is 34, Ghetts is 35, Skepta is 37.
Using Luke Shaw as a basis of a poor transfer is disingenuous the guy had a horrific tackle and one that nearly cost him his leg. Grimaldo isn't a right back he's a left back, same as Telles. Pereira isn't as good as AWB. And I haven't seen much of Mendy.
What does him being English have to do with anything? Im sure you know this but there are lots and lots of players who were overpriced that aren't English. Was Felix to A Madrid so expensive because he is Portuguese? Coutinho to Barca so expensive because he is Brazilian? Dembele to Barca so expensive because he is French? Lukaku to United so expensive because he is Belgium? Rodriguez to R Madrid so expensive because he is Colombian? Arrizabalaga to Chelsea so expensive because he is Spanish? Hernandez to A Madrid so expensive because he is French? Pepe to Arsenal so expensive because he is Ivorian? Morata to Chelsea so expensive because he is Spanish? All of those players cost more then Any English player ever bar Maguire.
United aren't in the position to keep buying players who aren't already established even AWB was more established in the league then Pereira they bought Dalot and he's not been amazing and if Pereira is as good or better then AWB he will go for just as much if not more than 50 Million.
I think it's more prem players going to other prem teams. Vardy was 1 million Dele Alli was 5 Million Robertson was 8 Million There is an English tax but people make it out like it's a huge margin, if there is it's hardly anything. Out of the 50 most Expensive players ever only 2 English players are in there Sterling and Maguire. And I can tell you this there have been many many English players who cost less than the top 50 most expensive and were far better. There have been loads of cheap English players I would say the bulk of English players in the league come from lower divisions and cost barely anything in the grand scheme of things.
You don't think Walker was worth it? He's been vital to City winning 2 leagues and cups, Ox is doing more than fine and is going to help Liverpool win a league title but again he had a horrible injury, Pickford has been fine keeper 30 odd million certainly not way worse then Arrizabalaga who went for 70 odd million. I agree Carrol and Drinkwater were overpriced
I would genuinely love to know who was the first person to call Pep a bold fraud, that person has seriously impacted football memes for a good 4 years now.
Poor James being left out lol. He’s had a very decent season so far.
Until this recent batch of Belgium players I had no idea Belgium’s were so open lol, they just don’t give a fuck which I appreciate.
We all know why lol.
Same reason as Simone signed Trippier, Fonseca signed Smalling, and Conte signed Young. English players aren't as shit as reddit like to portray them as.
I don't mind it but I think it's not faster than a button when scrolling, You can't just hold down a button and keep scrolling you've got to scroll, let go and scroll again. And the GB app doesn't work and it hasn't worked for months now.
Thanks I'll check it out when I get home. But yeah Bomb Cyclone is incredible in fact if /u/conmulligan could some day make an apple tv version of his app I would pay for it :D
Thanks i'll give this a go
England football fans know English players tend not to be as technical as Spanish players etc.
Not sure why you just sent me all of that haha, English footballers don't need to move outside of England they can play in England and get paid well which is why people outside of England want to play in the prem because it pays well, English players can stay in England and win European trophies. I just had a look at your post history and practically all your comments are about English players. So if they are or aren't good enough they are certainly keeping you occupied.
Wait is this what people are complaining about lol? The models dont look drastically different
I very much doubt TLOU2 will be in 60 FPS.
Hey im planning on getting the Denon m41 paired with a pair of Dali Spektor 2. This will be my first hi-fi system you guys think this would be a good purchase for a first timer?
He wins a lot of headers in the box but United don’t capitalise on the knock downs.
Walker hasn't played the last 3/4 matches for England or even in the squad it's more like Trent and Trippier.
Ole will take a bullet for his players I swear lol, this man will back his players in the media to the point where he becomes a meme and laughing stock. Which I appreciate tbh.
Goodness he went in hard on Ruiz lol.
What a load of shit lol.
Yes obviously lol he brought in Mings who plays for Villa who coincidentally Grealish also plays for, he made Pickford who was relegated with Sunderland as the main keeper, he didn’t want Smalling who plays for United, he made Maguire first choice CB when Leicester wasn’t a top 6 team during the World Cup, he brought in Redman and Ward Prowes into the team when Southampton were bottom half of the table.
I recently got into Hi-Fi systems and it’s a deep (and expensive) road I’ve stumbled into I don’t think I even need football anymore.
Mine is going to cost me about 500 give or take (more likely give) and that’s steep for me, but I can understand why some people spend 50k on a system it feels and sounds like a completely different experience and doesn’t even feel like you’re just listening to music lol.
Release since the games I want to play on the PS4 will more then likely have a PS5 version like Cyber Punk.
I know you probably don’t care 😂 but I got the speakers today and the shit sounds amazing! https://streamable.com/qri1y https://streamable.com/g8cr9
Seems to be about actors who go the “extra mile” in actually performing sexual acts in films.
Would you rather win another CL or the Prem? I assumed majority of Liverpool fans would much rather win the league.
I know it’s pedantic of me but I always felt you can be a big club without the CL, you can’t be elite until you’ve won the CL.
Where? Back in the days there used to be good fish and chip shops but they’ve been taken over by chicken shops and other types of restaurants. It’s been awhile since I’ve had a proper good fish and chips in London.
These aren’t just some random people picked, you do know that right? These people are fully qualified and educated in the profession and given a chance to prove themselves. Not some guy picking up the dole, sitting on his arse.
They’re not offering them manager jobs lol.
