&gt;Yeah but nobody reads the bible to read about Mordecai There's a VeggieTales about that... [https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0284605/](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0284605/)
Is Skaneateles that well known a town?
Hence the beer... https://empirebrew.com/menu/skinny-atlas
It's nowhere near "Noo Yawk" (which is pretty much just Long Island, the five boroughs, and Westchester). As the other commenter mentioned, it's "skinny-atlas". Now try "Schenectady"
No, it's only downstate that drops the "r" (and even that is far from universal). That's a passable pronunciation of Schenectady ;) The weird names come from a combination of Dutch (New York City is formerly New Amsterdam), and lots of place names borrowed from the Iroquois Confederacy.
Because the tip of a lit cigarette is very hot.
"Mimi and Sir" And now we have the name for the YouTube channel...
My guess is that's just a tradeoff you're going to have to accept...
That's "sir" to you...
Took me \_way\_ too long to figure out why the patch was on the wrong shoulder...
&gt;The parents of both fo them got called and they arrive at the school between an hour and two hours later. You're mixing tenses there. "Got called" and "arrive". Should either be "are called" and "arrive" or "got called" and "arrived".
&gt;Funeral director here, maybe things are different in your state, but in New York EMTs do not do removals for the coroner New York paramedic here. Maybe things are different in your county, but EMTs definitely do body removals for the ME here (when the body is going to the morgue). TLC Ambulance has the contract here in Onondaga County.
Note, I'm only talking about morgue bound bodies here (when the ME will be doing an autopsy).
It has nothing to do with visual acuity... The maneuvers they perform are very precisely timed, and based very specific positioning. In this case they started the maneuver at the wrong vertical position, based on the incorrect setting of their altimeter (which means they were going to be finishing the maneuver at an incorrect position offset by the same amount). The discussion of MoA is pretty irrelevant here anyway... Being able to resolve two objects half an inch apart at 100 meters doesn't have anything to do with visually judging how far you are away from the ground.
So, your claim is that you could take someone with 20/10 vision, hold a basketball 100 meters away from them, and they would be able to tell you if you moved it half an inch towards them? No offense, but you pretty clearly have no idea how this works... [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual\_acuity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_acuity)
In that case, you misunderstood... From that article: \&gt; For the average interocular distance of 6.5 cm, a target distance of 6m and a typical stereoacuity of 0.5 minute of arc, the just detectable depth interval is 8 cm So, 8cm (\~3in) at 6m, not 0.5in at 100m.
Who the eff is Hank?
This sub is \_really\_ salty about firefighters who do EMS...
Man you're salty... You do realize that out of date protocols are a thing, and that people still have to follow those protocols if they want to keep their card, right?
It's just the typical anti-fire crap that makes up 85% of the content of this sub... (the other 15% is whining about nurses)
So... they should have carried him to the hospital...?
They do that because their protocols said they have to. Just because modern medicine knows better, it doesn't mean that knowledge has made it into the protocols that EMS providers have to follow.
They were on scene because there were too many patients for the ambulances available to transport. This kid was less seriously injured, and was waiting around for the next available ambulance to come pick them up.
Your protocols instantly update with the latest evidence? Must be nice...
[https://www.itead.cc/smart-home/sonoff-wifi-wireless-switch.html](https://www.itead.cc/smart-home/sonoff-wifi-wireless-switch.html) &amp;#x200B; Flash it with a better firmware though (lots of options out there)
Are you sure? Row 7, column 2 would be "New York" alphabetically, but that's clearly New Jersey...
Oh, yeah, I forget that Reddit "helpfully" scrolls to the start of the comments now (and below the text of the post).
Backboards were mandatory in New York until 2014 (well after it was known they were (at best) useless).
I assume your protocols include contraindications for fluid administration (like, y'know, pulmonary edema...)?
Prior to the change in NYS protocols (less than 5 years ago), if I brought a SSI pt to a hospital without having them on a backboard, I would be risking my card (the regional medical director pulled more than one card for that exact reason). I am not disagreeing with you about the science. I am pointing out that some of us have protocols that we are mandated to follow (that are issued at the state or region level, and aren't things a lowly paramedic has any influence over)
What's funny about that? Dude's clearly a hardcore operator.
Especially given a 3% margin of error...
They're 38 to 37 with a 3 point margin of error... That's not "nearly tied", that's "tied". If anything that phrasing is being generous to Bernie (in the context of his performance in this specific poll).
Sure, I'm not commenting on the quality of this poll, just pointing out that given the available data in the poll, the headline is totally fair (leaning towards pro-Bernie).
Tons of data in the spreadsheet embedded in the article: [https://onedrive.live.com/View.aspx?resid=79F37CD4DAAEB830!194&amp;app=Excel&amp;authkey=!ANb3NPTLpH0nrHI](https://onedrive.live.com/View.aspx?resid=79F37CD4DAAEB830!194&amp;app=Excel&amp;authkey=!ANb3NPTLpH0nrHI)
It wasn't even a "near" tie. It was a tie (one point apart with a three point margin of error).
How much do you think shears cost? On any call messy enough to get your shears contaminated you almost certainly used more in IV supplies than the wholesale cost of a pair of shears.
I don't think anyone is suggesting you replace them after every use. If I'm just cutting off some clothes to expose a closed fracture or something, then yeah, I'm just gonna give them a wash and stick them back in my pocket. If, however, they come into contact with any bodily fluids, then they're going in the trash and I'll grab a new pair.
Yeah, but unless you cover the trach physics says that very little gas is going to be making it from the nose to the lungs.
Do you have access to Critical Incident Stress Management resources through your agency? Be sure to take advantage of what's available. Err on the side of getting more help than you think you need.
Indeed, which leads to some interesting interactions with things like the Endangered Species Act (which doesn't really account for hybrids, even at very small percentages). The Brain Scoop had a great episode about this issue: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA-QINoEEwQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA-QINoEEwQ)
Personally I have found myself visiting /r/ems less and less lately. I find the constant negativity of a couple members tiresome, and the anti-fire crap is \_really\_ old. The memes are what they are... if shitty, low effort memes have to be a part of this sub (I have no idea why that is), then at least it's mostly confined to one day...
&gt;I don’t claim to be perfect Do you expect /u/BoyWonderDownUnder to be perfect in their response to you imperfection?
How would that get him out of doing a chart? He would still need to document his assessment.
Not sure what you mean by "monologue"? I think about the words I'm about to type or say. Other than that it's not really "words".
Before you get to the security checkpoint totally empty your pockets into your bag (or zippered pockets on your jacket). That way you don't have to deal with taking things out of your pockets at the checkpoint, putting them in the little bin, trying to keep track of them, etc. The only thing you should have in your hand is your boarding pass and your ID. Phone, wallet, keys, etc, all already secured in your bag.
It's \_way\_ more than just MA. CenturyLink managed to take out 911 service for a non-trivial percentage of the nation.
That's a pretty pointless statistic when you don't talk about the relative size of those services. AMR, for example, is a private ambulance company that covers tens of millions of people across dozens of cities. That's not really comparable to the South-Southeastern Volunteer Ambulance Corp of Nowheresville Illinois that covers 10,000 cows and 3 farmers...
Talking about the percentage is meaningless. Go find the stats for what percentage of the US population lives in an area covered by private EMS (spoiler alert, it's going to be \_much\_ higher).
I don't necessarily disagree with you, but you missed the parent comment's point. They weren't talking about the cost of the supplies used on a given call. They were talking about the total cost of purchasing and stocking an ambulance (hundreds of thousands of dollars).
There are two "halves" to EMS, which often get conflated. The first (and most profitable, and most prone to underpaying EMTs) is inter-facility transports. There are tons of companies out there that don't do 911 calls, they just move patients from one hospital to another. These companies are often super shady, engage in practices the boarder on medicare fraud, and have low enough hiring standards that they can churn through employees with very low wages. The other half is the half you're thinking of (the folks who show up when you call 911). \_Generally speaking\_ the pay is better there. In my area it's very rare for a 911 paramedic to be making less than $20/hr, even at a private company.
And yet, in your simple percentage math above, it counts just as much as a rural volunteer BLS squad with a single ambulance. That's why I'm claiming your statistic isn't the one that matters.
By two it's marginal, isn't it?
$2k for a UHaul for a local apartment move? Are you renting a 36' truck and crew of 5? A UHaul for a local move is $20/day plus mileage. Unless you're moving several hundred miles, there's no way you're going to spend more than a couple hundred bucks.
Which is why they explicitly confirmed that Fi would still apply the credit before ordering the replacement phone...
Ya'll realize Grey is involved in more projects than just his YouTube channel and a couple podcasts, right?
They mentioned attending "the local community college in a few months", so I assume they aren't going far (unless they're planning on a very long commute).
The source video has a lot more in the way of explanation: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM25pUsrODk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM25pUsrODk)
Yeah, that's more or less exactly what I do. I don't get a separate reimbursement check, it's just part of my next paycheck, but otherwise the concept is the same. In step 7 it all goes into TBB, and I refill my emergency fund if needed. Step 8 is a non-issue. You will have money in the AmEx category to pay the bill with. At the end of the day, this is all just semantics. I keep a couple hundred bucks in my "Work Reimbursement" category just to simplify things (so I don't have to move it back and for, but otherwise I treat it as "emergency fund" money I would use to cover an unexpected expense).
No, you should only mark it as cleared when it has actually cleared. The available balance isn't what you should be reconciling against, it should be the actual balance (Chase gives you both). Pending charges can (and often do) change.
\&gt; He gets to the end of the hallway and out of nowhere an absolutely massive security guard spears this kid with the force to take out a bear. That dude has been waiting his whole life for the chance to do that to someone.
In EMS that would put you past the average burnout age... On the fire side it would put you halfway to your sweet pension. So... yeah.
Because they were only mostly dead (for a while, then they were all dead)
If you already knew the answer, why did you ask the question...?
They don't. There's a reason all the self driving pilots are in places like Arizona...
It may be a case of "they don't make 'em like they used to", but I've had the Bonavita 1L kettle for 5+ years and it's still in great condition.
Emily Graslie of [The Brain Scoop](https://www.youtube.com/user/thebrainscoop). She's a fantastic presenter and science educator, but I think her real talent is interviewing folks who would otherwise not do a great job of explaining what they do in an engaging way.
Yep
Never lie someone face down if they're handcuffed, it's surprisingly easy to suffocate somebody that way (this is how a lot of the "they just stopped breathing" cases of people dying in police custody have happened (Eric Garner being a notable example)).
Just the mechanics of breathing. It requires you to move the whole weight of the torso in order to expand the lungs, and makes it impossible for the muscles of the chest to aid in breathing. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positional\_asphyxia#Prone\_restraint](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positional_asphyxia#Prone_restraint)
That's not generally how contacts work...
I do mean contracts, yes. Contracts with real estate agents generally give the agent exclusivity. It doesn't matter how the buyer is found, if you're under contract with a realtor when your house is sold, they're owed their comission.
Eh... it's not really that dangerous... Stick the pointy bit into a big muscle and press the plunger (not a bad idea to clean the site first with an alcohol prep).
Pretty sure Brady talks about hating spoilers more than he talks about liking Liverpool....
Why would you want to do that...? Just seems like you're making life harder for yourself...
I'm not sure you know what an Oxford comma is....
If you manage to amputate an arm w/ a 1cc syringe, I'll be seriously impressed.
Now \_this\_ one I believe...
That's just two vaccinations for the price of one (assuming your survive)
Yep. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHXSfh2ZRDM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHXSfh2ZRDM) (potentially NSFW)
You're making a different argument... You're trying to justify Schumacher's "tricks". That's an interesting conversation to have, and I don't necessarily disagree with you, but it's not really relevant to the question of "Who's better". Regardless of the reasoning behind Schumacher's tricks, Lewis has won without using those same tricks.
That's what trauma shears are for... Any patient with significant enough trauma that you can't remove their pants should absolutely have their pants cut off in order to assess their injuries.
They do. They're literally called "trauma shears" (because they're used to remove clothing on a trauma patient).
What contraindications can you think of for pants removal for a trauma patient in a hospital setting?
Pain means there is something wrong. If there is something wrong it needs to be assessed. In order to assess you need to expose. Pain is a reason \_to\_ cut clothing off.
You believe that justifies the escalation in force by the officer? Why did he feel the need to punch him several time in the head after he was out of the car, on the ground, and not resisting?
Then why bother describing her as the "older" sister halfway through the post rather than at the beginning? The way it's phrased it certainly sounds like you're talking about a different sister.
That's your call, but I (the theoretical doctor) an not going to treat you until you let me assess you. I'm sure as hell not going to order an x-ray of your pelvis while you're still wearing your pants.
You're right, I know nothing about how hospitals run; lots of paperwork, I assume. I do, however, know quite a bit about how ERs and ambulances are run. Maybe things are different in your neck of the woods, but in any trauma center I've been in, there's no way a patient wearing pants (and a belt with a metal buckle...) would be sent for imaging of any sort. Don't like it? Feel free to AMA...
[https://www.abc15.com/news/region-phoenix-metro/north-phoenix/video-injured-hiker-rescued-from-piestewa-peak-by-helicopter](https://www.abc15.com/news/region-phoenix-metro/north-phoenix/video-injured-hiker-rescued-from-piestewa-peak-by-helicopter)
No way you could swallow a pill at those RPMs...
That's water from the sprinkler system. It is literally the worst smell in the world (I'm a firefighter/paramedic... I have smelled many terrible things. It. is. the. worst.)
BigCliveDotCom is another great teardown channel
Nah man... I'll take a dead body over nasty sprinkler water any time... Dead person smell doesn't stick to you anywhere near as badly.
LTE has a theoretical max download throughput of 300Mbps. Obviously you're never going to see that on a sustained basis, and even 123Mbps is a stretch, but it's far from "absolutely impossible".
I'd be very, very surprised if the drivers had any "choice" in their shirt color. The RB drivers are in red and the STR drivers are in blue.
Yeah, that's not uncommon, but I'd be surprised to see it sustained for 24 hours
And a beautiful mind it is...
Beer is mostly water, and your body metabolizes alcohol very quickly. Beer will be just as effective as water.
Lost me at having to climb over the patient in order to swap places. Couldn't they have just gotten out to let their partner out, then get back in?
I don't understand... If you weren't in the rig, would you partner still have needed to climb over the patient?
&gt;Theres sound logic to that What logic...? It seems like an obviously bad idea to me.
The phrase "high cost" can apply to more than just one narrow use case (like international travel).
&gt;Another thing, firefighters don't even need keys, they have axes. How do you intend to "axe" an elevator? Forcible entry is a lot more complicated than "hit it with an axe". Of course EMTs are emergency service personnel. Yes, sometimes they work for a private company, but that private company has a contract with the city to provide EMS coverage. There are plenty of places where the fire dept works exactly the same way.
Paramedic here. You guys don't carry forcible entry tools? A w-tool will get you through a lot of doors without a lot of collateral damage.
I'm not even sure it's a majority of places. Lots of departments have a CFR class as part of their academy, but many don't bother with EMT (let alone paramedic).
The practical reason is that you might have dozens of ambulances in a city, but only one or two first-due fire units. Even if you give the supervisors the key, that means you have to dispatch the sup on everything...
Yellow? They're obviously tennis ball green.
I dunno, you'll have to ask Theseus...
And then maintain accountability of all those keys...
Financial penalties... grid drops...? The FIA hold the cards here.
FIA fines for violating podium procedures have been in the millions in the past.
That may be true for other drivers (it's certainly true for Hamilton), but Seb doesn't play the social media game enough to net huge sponsorships.
Hamilton was irrelevant in what happened. Seb didn't have control of the car, he was still sliding when he was back on the track. You expect him to change the laws of physics?
Hard to prove? Watch his steering inputs. He's doing everything he can to stay to the left, but there car was sliding (watch the rear wheels) and more aggressive actions would have let to a spin which would have collected Hamilton as well.
&gt;If that's the case why do they even have them all drive at once on the track? Just have them each run 10 laps solo or something and use their best time to see who wins. Boring shit that would be. Also known as the Monaco Grand Prix
\&gt; Why, feeling tribal? Ironically, it was your MotoGP "tribalism" (which continues in your next post) that made me suspect that. The other reason is that it's pretty clear you only saw this clip, and not the rest of the post-race, where Vettel made it quite clear that he had no issue with Hamilton (his opponent) and they shared the top step of the podium.
Yes...? Is there something I'm missing that is specific to Syracuse?
You can camp anywhere you want in State Forests (there are tons of them within an hour of Syracuse). Obviously some rules apply, so check out the state DEC website for details, and be sure to [leave no trace](https://lnt.org/). &amp;#x200B; [https://www.cnyhiking.com/](https://www.cnyhiking.com/) is a good resource for hiking/camping in the area.
Interfaith Works is definitely LGBT affirming (I'm a member of Plymouth Congregational Church, which frequently partners with Interfaith Works).
Did you read your own title? Unless there is something specific about Syracuse in the clip, mentioning "'Cuse" in the tile makes as much sense as saying "It's a good idea to have a car dashcam on June 9th".
Surprise penguin attack. (We're just saying random phrases, now, right?)
You with AMR?
I understand this happened in Syracuse. My point is that your title implies that dashcams are especially important in Syracuse, while in reality there is nothing unique about Syracuse in terms of accident frequency.
Do you usually talk to yourself this much...?
I'm well aware of what it means. What it means makes no sense in this context. What exactly is the "straw man" that I'm presenting?
A permit is only needed for the Spruce Pond sites, the rest of the state forest is open for primitive camping, as long as you follow the rules (150' from any trail, water, or structure, etc). Be sure to check the state DEC website.
They're just making sure the OP is aware of the risks and making an informed decision. What's your problem with that?
&gt; there’s Edward falls which you can jump ( lil sketch, private property, and guy who’s owns it threatens cops real shame), Having pulled several people out of there (some with serious injuries), please respect the land owner's wishes. It's a difficult place to make a rescue and you're putting more than just yourself at risk.
I don't see /u/Bhavatarini making any recommendation one way or another, they're just providing information so folks can make an informed decision about taking on that risk.
Ah, if you're not in the US then money is less important anyway, as he'll likely be paid a reasonable salary.
To simplify things a little bit, there is a theoretical maximum amount of power the engine can produce with a given amount of fuel. The closer you get to 100% of that maximum, the harder it is to get closer still. Getting from 90% to 91% is much harder than getting from 50% to 60%. Mercedes (and Ferrari) are already very close to the maximum, so there is little room for improvement. The other manufacturers are further away, so it's easier for them to find places to improve. It's not all about power, efficiency and reliability matter to, but the same principles apply there.
Doesn't really jive with the "insulin shock" though. Ketoacidosis occurs when your blood sugar is high. Insulin shock (more commonly called hypoglycemia) is when your sugar is low.
The parent comment is comparing Glucagon to IV dextrose.
99% of the people in a similar situation are drunk, not hypoglycemic. That doesn't mean they shouldn't be evaluated (which is exactly what happened in this case), but it's totally reasonably to assume EtOH instead of sugar. When you hear hoofbeats, thing horses, not zebras. Signed, a paramedic who has dealt with plenty of both.
The "sweet" ketone smell is associated with high blood sugar ([DKA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diabetic_ketoacidosis)), not low.
High blood sugar (with or without ketoacidosis) will produce excessive thirst and urination, nausea, and vomiting. In extreme ketoacidosis your breathing gets very rapid and deep (your body is trying to get rid of as much carbon dioxide as possible in order to raise the pH of your blood). In really extreme cases confusion, decreased consciousness, and coma.
I don't understand your comment... What does the T1/T2 distinction matter in this case? Hypoglycemia is hypoglycemia, and going to present the same way.
Bag them first. They're waking up hypoxic, of course they're going to be disoriented and combative. Get their O2 sats up before you wake them up (better yet, titrate the Narcan to get them breathing well on their own before you wake them up)
&gt;and all of those were given narcan before we got there and were not ventilated properly before hand I'm glad the novelty of Narcan is finally wearing off for the cops in our area... It took forever to convince them to hold off on slamming them with 4mg if we're right around the corner. So much nicer for everyone if my partner can bag them while I get a line and titrate it. Some of the cops still push it in a hurry, but they're mostly the ones who are always looking for a fight anyway.
I assume the "book" in this case is an EMT-Basic textbook. It's harder to effectively titrate through an atomizer.
Not if it's administered properly. They haven't been breathing for a while (or breathing really ineffectively). Try holding your breath longer than you feel comfortable (don't blame me if you pass out). That anxiety you feel? Multiply it by 10. That's what they're waking up to instantly if you just slam in the Narcan. It important to breath for the patient (using a [BVM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bag_valve_mask)) for a while to sort things out, then administer the Narcan gradually (if you're administering it via a route that allows you to do that).
Dude... you're doing it wrong... If they're swinging at you you're pushing it too fast, and not ventilating well enough beforehand.
That's a complicated ethical question. A "competent" adult with "capacity" to understand the implications of their decisions can absolutely refuse care. There is no hard and fast rule for what defines those things. There are some things that definitely rule out your ability to make a decision for yourself (being a minor, being unconscious, etc), but it's generally up to the judgement of the medical provider as to whether they think the patient can refuse medical care. There's all sorts of grey areas... Are you falling down drunk? Then you don't have capacity to refuse. Had a couple beers and feeling a bit buzzed? You \_probably\_ have capacity, but I'm going to need to be convinced you truly understand the implications of your decision. There are all sorts of factors that can influence the capacity/competency question, and it really has to be evaluated on a case by case basis.
Stories like yours are why I hate when people (including my coworkers in EMS) complain about the availability of Narcan, and how "junkies are just abusing more because they know they get rescued". Narcan (and other harm reduction measures) are about keeping people alive long enough that they reach that "enough is enough" moment that you guys reached
I prefer to give it IV (assuming their veins aren't totally shot). Narcan can be given IV, [IO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intraosseous_infusion), [IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intramuscular_injection), [SQ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subcutaneous_injection), [IN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasal_administration), etc... Pretty much any parenteral route will work....
China Cafe in Manlius is also great (best on the east side, certainly). No idea if they're affiliated.
If you're already in Fayetteville, then just pop down to Manlius for China Cafe
STOP RESISTING!
Yeah, it's important to give Stroll credit there (another driver that catches a fair share of criticism). It was partly Gasly not being up to par, but Stroll had a great drive as well.
Don't rely on shortcuts when dialing numbers. If you want predictable results, dial the complete number. Things like area code overlays are becoming increasing common (where multiple area codes overlap the same geographic area). Combine that with the fact that your phone has multiple numbers associated with it, and it makes for a lot of complexity in how your calls are routed.
Absolutely, I'm not trying to defend Gasly, I think his performance speaks for itself. I'm just pointing out that Stroll (himself the target of a lot of (very deserved) criticism) did a great job on Sunday.
You're looking good, have you been hitting the gym?
&gt;The United Church of Christ and the Methodist Church. Then for some reason they combined into the United Methodist Church. Hrm? The UCC is very much a distinct denomination from the UMC. There are churches that are "dual affiliated" (as the church in the post appears to be), but they're different things.
That church is dual affiliated with the UMC and UCC. The UCC is [open and affirming](https://www.ucc.org/lgbt_ona). So I guess they're "half" rogue?
&gt;I'm not sure why they have both the UMC and UCC symbols though. "United Church in University Place came into being on January 18, 1970 – formed through the merger of two young churches, Mayflower United Church (UCC) and Aldersgate United Methodist Church." "We contribute annually to the outreach programs of both denominations with which we are affiliated – the United Church of Christ and the United Methodist Church – as well as help to support several local ministries." [http://ucup.org/our-history/](http://ucup.org/our-history/) Looks like they're a dual affiliated congregation.
This church is dual affiliated with the United Methodist Church and the United Church of Christ. The UCC is [open and affirming](https://www.ucc.org/lgbt_ona).
It was, but this particular church is dual affiliated with the UMC and the United Church of Christ.
"He is less unlucky than he could have been"
Not sure what you mean by "not quite". I explicitly said there were rules, and that folks should refer to the DEC website for more details. There are plenty of other rules beyond the 150' rule, and people should definitely do their research (especially since thing can change from time to time and a Reddit comment may not be up to date).
Oh man... I have a shirt that says "Relax. I can fix it." (As I'm sure most folks can relate, I tend to be the first phone call for any random medical issue in the family, combined with the fact that I'm a software developer by day, so obviously it's my job to fix any sort of technical issue. My wife thinks this is hilarious...). The shirt is the exact same color as my volly department t-shirts, and I live in fear of the day I accidentally grab it in the middle of the night... I can't imagine wearing a shirt like that on purpose.
Yep, same here. Never had the slightest issue with this. Passing with my own kids, interacting with other kids, helping lost kids find their parents... All the classic 'horror story' setups. No one has ever batted an eye.
Why not...? I'm out with my daughter all the time. It would be a shame to miss out on that time together...
It shouldn't be (speaking as a guy who often hangs out with his kids). This hysteria is super overblown. Notice how basically all the stories in this thread are second or third hand? This sorts of things are incredibly rare (it's never been the slightest issue for me)
And just because it happened to you it must be widespread and happening to everyone...
Can't you read the username? It's yer mum
There is substantial evidence that vests increase the incidence of shoulder, back, and knee injuries. You know... the sorts of injuries we \_actually\_ experience all the time in this business. We're increasing the risk of the (often career ending) injuries we already face, with no offsetting benefit.
I'm mobile at the moment, but the research is easy enough to find. Most of it comes out of the military, which has done a ton of ergonomics research over the past couple decades worth of war.
It's probably more accurate to do the math on per call basis, since there is a pretty wide range in terms of how many calls various providers run. That makes the numbers even crazier. The odds on any given call are several million to one.
So you want to increase the odds of a career ending back/shoulder injury in order to _maybe_ prevent a one in ten million event? If you're that worried about coming home to your family, then you should refuse to run lights and sirens. That's _way_ more dangerous.
It was a drug overdose... That doesn't suggest the risk of an "unstable encounter" to you?
&gt;But this call looked completely mundane and ordinary on the surface It was a heroin overdose... Those are calls I certainly expect to go sideways from time to time.
Check out the (multiple) studies that have come out of Iraq and Afganistan about the ergonomic issues with ballistic vests like the ones mentioned in the GP comment. Deployed soldiers tend to be reasonably fit.
Like any PPE, there are times when it is appropriate, and times when it is not. Splash exposures to the eye are way more common than shootings (several order of magnitude). You don't see me wearing goggles on every call though. I wear them when there is a reasonable expectation of an exposure. I'd prefer to do the same with ballistic vests. Unfortunately they're mandated at my (suburban, affluent) agency.
\&gt; What if they have a needle? Then I want to know about it, so they can't use that as a weapon either...
No, you didn't. You intentionally misrepresented his argument. The GP comment is talking about the sorts of incidents where a ballistic vest would actually matter. The vast majority of the assaults are blunt force trauma to the head and arms. A vest isn't going to do anything for you there (other than slow down your reaction to the threat).
Your stats prove his point... 10 fatalities over over 5 years. He referenced 5 fatalities over 4 years (the studies looked at different sets of years). Even if you assume \_all\_ of those were incidents that would have been prevented by a ballistic vest (they weren't), that's still an absurdly infrequent event. You're quoting stats that sound scary ("30 times more than the national average! Oh no!"). The problem is, that's the same thing the media like to do to make cancer studies sound scary ("you're 5 times more likely to get cancer if you eat red meat on a Tuesday!"), but the reality is, multiples of very tiny numbers are still very tiny numbers.
I assume you wear a face shield and goggles on every call? An exposure can happen on literally any call, after all...
You need to weigh the risks and benefits. There's no evidence that it actually reduces the risk of a fatal injury (maybe it makes it more likely, since you're more likely to be mistaken for a cop, maybe you put yourself in a more dangerous situation than you would otherwise because of the false sense of security, etc). There \_is\_ evidence that ballistic vests increase the risk of the sorts of injuries that EMS workers are already very prone to (back, shoulder, knee). I think it's very likely that routine usage of a vest does more harm than good. Like any PPE, it should be worn when appropriate (like on overdoes calls).
He does YouTube full time, it's just one of \~4 things he does full time...
Had a similar patient a few months ago (vehicle into the back of a piece of farm equipment at \~60mph, took the rear "bumper" of the tractor to the face, fortunately the seat failed and they got pushed backwards before they were decapitated). Major difference is that my patient had significant facial fractures, where this seems like it might be mostly be a scary looking laceration. As long as the pt is managing their airway, it's not really that big a deal. In my case all they needed was some suction. We did take them to a trauma center (which happened to be the closest facility anyway, but still would have opted for the trauma center if it wasn't closest). Wouldn't have bothered flying them.
&gt;My own DNR states that I consent to one round of resuscitation and no more. That's pretty ambiguous as well... What do you mean by a "round"? Two minutes of CPR? One round of ACLS (so, \~5 minutes)?
Generally you don't bother loading a patient into the ambulance if they need chest compressions. On the rare occasion you do you grab a couple firefighters who are standing around on scene and have them trade out on the way in.
&gt;Most defibulators have an aed mode and i'd say its used at least 50% of the time if not more, depending on who the doc is. You're saying a doctor, using a heart monitor with a manual defibrillator, is going to use it in AED mode? What setting have you seen this in? In 15 years in EMS, I've literally never seen that happen...
Not rescue breathing (gross), but I ventilate patients with a BVM all the time (same thing, just doesn't involving making out with your patient). Most common scenario these days is a heroin overdose.
Depending on the age of the patient, that snapping sound is generally "just" cartilage separating from the sternum.
While they're right that most heart monitors with defibrillator also have an AED mode, they're definitely wrong about that mode being used more commonly. It's way faster to look at the rhythm on the screen to make a decision about shocking than it is to wait for the monitor to go through a whole analysis process. Also, they keep calling it a "defibulator"... so... there's that...
Why would I take them to the hospital? The hospital is going to do all the same stuff I'm doing, transporting them just means they have some crappy CPR for a while in the back of a moving vehicle.
I'm a paramedic in upstate New York ("Paramedic" here is roughly equivalent to an ACP up there).
\~20 minutes or so. Barring extenuating circumstances (extreme cold, etc), there's not much point beyond that.
&gt;Just recently the ambulance companies attempted to pass a prop in California that would have prevented EMTs from taking lunch breaks, luckily we voted it down but these companies are bullshit. Uh... you didn't vote it down... Prop 11 passed, 60% to 40%.
I think the parent comment was referring to EMS. It's pretty widely known that cops make good money.
&gt;The work is simple as well. It's exhausting physically and mentally, but it does not require you to think too hard and you don't have to be smart to be able to do it. I work full-time as a software developer and part-time as a paramedic. Maybe I'm not very smart, but I certainly spend plenty of time "thinking" on the rig.
Yeah... patients \_never\_ vomit unexpectedly... If you're going to wear your vest on every call, regardless of the actual risk, you should obviously do the same with all PPE.
More or less what's going on currently... The economic condition of the city has been improving steadily over the past few years. It's a \_long\_ road, and it's not going to be solved overnight, but things are absolutely headed in the right direction.
Something has gone \_seriously\_ wrong if you are puking the contents of your lower GI tract. It's not impossible, but very rare (and again, a sign that something is very wrong).
It's not uncommon to have a sudden drop in blood pressure after crossing the finishing. The contraction of the leg muscles had been pushing blood back up into the torso for the past several hours, and if that suddenly stops, it can take the body some time to adjust, which means the blood flow returning to the heart can drop significantly.
That's assuming it was actually a cardiac arrest, and not just someone failing to find a pulse that was actually there. It's extraordinarily unlikely that CPR alone would reverse a cardiac arrest.
I mean... that makes their confusion a little more understandable. It's not like it was Geology or something...
Yeah, it's one of the few situations where CPR alone has a decent chance of restarting someone heart. They just experienced the mother of all defbrillations, and may just need CPR to keep the heart perfused long enough for the SA node to establish a normal cardiac rhythm again.
Yeah, that was my point. Anything is better than nothing, but the fact that options were likely limited contributed to your decision to divert. I assume they aren't stocking fentanyl...
Are you a Polish kid named Oscar?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF-XYBVwR5Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF-XYBVwR5Q) &amp;#x200B; Reference at 2:20
Not listening to Rush Limbaugh isn't "left" it's "not extreme right".
Still more intelligible than most Bob Dylan songs...
Limbaugh called Hurricane Irma a "liberal hoax" (before he decided to evacuate himself). If that's "mainstream", that's pretty terrifying... &amp;#x200B; The song's cool though; I first heard of it on the Hello Internet podcast a couple years ago.
No one thinks the mandate the the best solution. It's a way to make our super broken system slightly less bad.
That's what's known a "regressive" tax (i.e. the less you make, the more the tax "hurts"). It's not really a mainstream conservative idea either... just a bad idea all around.
There's definitely "industry" moving in and expanding here. Most of it is pretty tech/engineering focused (SRC, Saab Sensis, Lockheed, etc), with a lot of software companies starting to exapnd as well (TCG Player is hiring a ton of developers, etc).
Why would you pack an extremity wound? That's what tourniquets are for (which is why you used one). Packing is for wounds in the neck, shoulder, or groin.
So you're a paramedic student?
SUNY ESF and SUNY Upstate (Hospital) often hire various lab tech roles (SUNY Upstate is one of the largest employers in the area).
Digging is normal behavior for many African Cichlid species. Mouth brooding fish hold the eggs/fry in their mouth the whole time, and don't bury them.
It's been in my scope of practice for as long as I've been practicing. It's just not a thing you do for an extremity wound if you have a tourniquet. You pack in places where you can't apply a tourniquet (neck, shoulder, groin, etc).
Yeah, it's definitely the crazed intensity that does it...
If you're out in Manlius, the upstairs of Ironwood Coffee is nice. Just a few tables and chairs, pretty much always empty (or at least very quiet).
&gt;Syracuse, while is on the down-slope for anything industrial/STEM related Huh? Syracuse is very much on the "up-slope" for many STEM fields. Granted, much of that is mechanical/electrical/software, not bio/chem, but it's certainly not the case that STEM in general is contracting.
Hence's in Fayetteville has always done right by me.
How far did you think it possible could be...? Even at 3 seconds, that puts it around 40 meters...
It's not anywhere close to that long. I've watched folk's hearts stop (on a cardiac monitor...) and they're out within a few seconds.
You can't pass the Maryland Point without a little yellow and black...
Which guy...?
Yeah, but there are 50% fewer humans involved in the interaction.
I mean... that's gotta be intentional... right...?
Projecting much...?
That's definitely not the right way to strap a patient if you're going to be doing that sort of thing. There are strapping techniques that bring the straps over the shoulder, preventing the pt from sliding vertically on the board. e.g. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cf5F7hUe3kA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cf5F7hUe3kA) As backboards are (thankfully) being used less routinely, I do worry that we're losing some skills that are important in the few cases where backboards are useful (extrication, etc)
I take it you have no actual experience in the fire service...?
So you're just making shit up?
I agree it's a different set of circumstances, but that makes it all the worse for Ham, in my opinion. The difference is that Hamilton had total control of the car when he reentered the track and pushed Max wide (as opposed Seb, who was still recovering control)
He should have left him \_all\_ the space, not just "plenty". Hamilton was entirely off the track, with complete control of the car. He should have just waited until Max passed, rather than pushing him wide.
The world in which Max had to move left to avoid Hamilton who was driving straight into his path while reentering the track...
Not only does ranked choice voting exist in Maine, it actually impacted the outcome of an election for a US House of Representatives seat (Maine's 2nd district). [https://www.vox.com/2018/12/9/18133184/maine-ranked-choice-voting-australia-ireland](https://www.vox.com/2018/12/9/18133184/maine-ranked-choice-voting-australia-ireland)
Phantom is another sympathetic villain, in my book.
It's not like they had plans A through F. F is likely always "box for softs and get the fastest lap".
Cool, maybe they should say that instead of calling the people "illegals".
\&gt; “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’ This is the first and greatest commandment. And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’ All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.” The modern "Evangelical" church has strayed far from the teachings of Christ.
A) I reject the claim that any of the items listed there are "sin" B) I think you and I have very different definitions of "love".
Given the inhuman ways we're treating "illegals" currently, I think I'm pretty justified in my concern that it's dehumanizing.
The thing limiting the top speed of the car on the straight is aerodynamic drag.
&gt;Christ stated that he did not come to destroy the Law (Tora) but to fulfill it. Just to make sure I understand you, your reading of Matthew 5 is that every part of the Tora is to be interpreted literally, and applied blindly? Do you really not wear any blended fabrics...?
It's gonna be hard, but it's pretty much your only option outside an operating room. The goal of wound packing is to put enough material in the cavity that you can use it to compress the bleeding artery against the bone (in this case, the femur).
No experience w/ the army, but in talking to PJs and SEALs, they were all taught to pack wounds in the neck/groin/shoulder. Might just be a difference in the equipment carried though, everyone's got a tourniquet, but z-fold gauze is a little more specialized.
Yep (I make the same recommendation in a comment further down the thread). You're not going to find z-fold hemostatic gauze in a lot of workshops though...
Latest update is that it's a BGP route leak, not "just" DNS. [https://www.cloudflarestatus.com/incidents/46z55mdhg0t5](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com/incidents/46z55mdhg0t5)
A) UDP is \_way\_ more reliable than you're making it out to be. B) [https://twitter.com/OhNoItsFusl/status/1143117619106652160](https://twitter.com/OhNoItsFusl/status/1143117619106652160)
Let's use the "internet superhighway" analogy. Every city (internet router) along the highway puts up a big sign listing all the other cities that can be reached by driving through that city. This morning a city incorrectly put up a sign that advertised a bunch of other "big cities" as accessible by driving through, when in reality they weren't, so any traffic that believed that sign ended up getting lost in a a little podunk town (in this case, quite literally in Allegheny Pennsylvania).
Many of the issues he brings up are things that Brady has brought up in the past on HI.
Effective promo is effective. I'll definitely be picking this up once it's available in the US (unless I have a reason not to...)
Neat, the only vehicle I've driven w/ rear wheel steering was a 38' fire truck (and it only engaged in reverse).
Cicero Swamp is probably one of the best places in the area for reptiles (snakes and turtles especially).
A friend of mine fosters cats for the CNY cat coalition (until they can find a home). I can PM you her number if you'd like. She's definitely my go-to expert for "how to get a cat".
Yeah, it's possible this is just a failure of the EMR, and there's no better place to put that info (though I'm not sure I'd agree that it's something you "need to know" for a psych transfer)
Do do dodo dodo...
Yes, all of those things are indeed relevant. The fact that they are transgender is not.
&gt;Depends on the service, but a bachelor of paramedic science/paramedicine is required. This is country specific. In the US, for instance, it is very, very rare for a degree to be required.
Four bedroom, \~2,200sq ft house, FM schools, paid &lt;$200k.
I'm not surprised someone who hates winter and works in "finance" is having a better time of it in NYC, but based on your comments you seem to believe everyone is in your same position...
Yep, the US was the example I cited.
The surface is being cooled, but the core can still be well above the ignition temperature (it just can't ignite because it's not exposed to oxygen). Take away the cooling and the surface can then heat up to that same temp (well... ever so slightly lower, since it's being heated by the core)
An empty vial protocol? I've never worked in an agency that had such a thing... I pocket vials all the time (so I can record the lot # later when I'm charting). I'll often end up tossing them out at home. If they're empty, who cares?
&gt;Fun fact: it was cooled by pure ethanol. The Soviets were fond of using ethanol as a coolant. It played a part in several fun failures in their space program, including one that Scott Manley recently did a video on. [https://youtu.be/9u0ymYbyAtA](https://youtu.be/9u0ymYbyAtA)
The one advantage ULA has is schedule predictability. SpaceX still slips schedules a lot more than ULA (not that this a huge advantage for most payloads, and it's something SpaceX is getting better at).
I've done something similarly badass at several doctor's offices. It's pretty common for practices to ask you to sign something saying you agree to pay a fee if you're more than 15 minutes late for an appointment. For some reason they never press too hard for me to sign it when I ask them if the policy is reciprocal and "will I get a credit on my account if you're 15 minutes late starting my appointment?" &amp;#x200B; Exciting stuff indeed...
That's fine. I have no issue with the policy (and I totally understand the reason). My issue is that it should be reciprocal. If I'm still in the waiting room 15 minutes after my scheduled time, why am I not entitled to the same compensation? Believe it or not, the number of hours I get to work also matter to me...
Sure, but I also can't bill for the time I spend sitting in the waiting room. Why is the doctors time more important than mine?
I'm not really interested in getting into an argument with you based on your initial misunderstanding of my joke, but it's absolutely the case that there are hundreds of small practices out there where one (overworked) individual is running both the front and back office. I've also never heard of an IPA mandating a specific no-show policy. In my experience those are always at the practice level.
I'm not sure why that's surprising, I find a high speed wiggle can often help me finish faster...
&gt;Is there any evidence of schedule unpredictability from SX ? STP-2 was originally targeted for 2015...
My 5 year old daughter had this exact interpretation of an identical sign (she was very exited that we could go swimming, since there were no swimming alligators)
There aren't many places where an AEMT is worth anything. Either EMT or Paramedic (which will have EMT as a prereq, so you might as well get that out of the way now and see if this is something you want to do).
Yeah, tractor trailer hauling garbage. No injuries. Parkway is going to closed for a long while for the cleanup.
As I said, schedule predictability is something SpaceX is getting better at (as they have more or less frozen the Falcon family of rockets and aren't doing extensive R&amp;D).
$250,000 if it doesn't...
It's likely 24v AC. Here's what I did with mine: [https://www.alittletothewright.com/index.php/2017/05/doorbell-smartener/](https://www.alittletothewright.com/index.php/2017/05/doorbell-smartener/)
Yeah, or something nearby. It sounds like OP is describing the [karst limestone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karst) that's common in that part of the county (Clark's, Three Falls Woods, etc).
Yeah, the downside to Three Falls is that a big chunk of it is private land, and the owner doesn't want people on it (though historically he hasn't cared \_that\_ much, 3-4 years ago it became a big issue for a year or so, with a friend of the landowner sitting in the parking area on Glencliffe Rd all day 4-5 days a week). Two years ago someone bought the section by the falls and donated it to the CNY Land Trust, so that area is now open to the public (negotiations are underway to purchase even more). [https://www.eaglenewsonline.com/news/new/2017/11/01/manlius-portion-of-three-falls-woods-taken-over-by-cny-land-trust/](https://www.eaglenewsonline.com/news/new/2017/11/01/manlius-portion-of-three-falls-woods-taken-over-by-cny-land-trust/)
\&gt; Is it possible to balance working 3 days a week? I did my paramedic original while working full time at a tech startup (60+ hour weeks) and my wife and I had our first child about halfway though (so we knew she was pregnant before I started). It definitely sucked a lot, but it's possible.
Yeah, if it gets busier though, hopefully folks will use the 173/Sweet Road entrances (I live right next to the Glencliffe Rd entrance (the one on private land), and it's a huge hassle when the landowner gets riled up...)
Who is your medical control when working the hockey games? Ultimately that would be a question for them.
Do you know what that sound is? Those are the Shrieking Eels... They always grow louder when they're about to feed on... pizza...
As God as my witness... I thought \[penguins\] could fly! &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FXSnoy71Q4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FXSnoy71Q4)
&gt;But still I think his reaction was a bit much to quit like that. I think his reaction was pretty spot on. If the company is that irresponsible, it's not likely things are going to get better...
Before I bother replying, is this a real question, or are you just a rhetorical troll?
If you have an Aldi's nearby, Moser Roth is an excellent value for the money. Very good chocolate, at a very, very reasonable price. It's also (legitimately) ethically produced (chocolate is an industry with a pretty staggering amount of slave labor involved).
He mean Jr.
Yeah, the inability to disable auto-discovery for HomeKit has been very annoying (it makes the notifications useless, since there is \_always\_ a notification there for a HomeKit device I have no intention of adding).
WTF... You have an easily reversible cause, but instead of stocking a reasonable amount of a readily available drug, you're supposed to go with an invasive, much higher risk intervention?
Yeah, I can count on one hand the number of times I've popped a second 2mg vial. Still absurd for an ALS truck to carry that little Narcan though...
It's a minor thing, but it improves the performance of the app (in the browser, anyway), since it doesn't have to render all the rows that have been reconciled.
Per the webcast, the FTS was not going to be triggered.
My Q-37 is nicer...
That's really cool. The first house my wife and I bought after we were married is on this map, having been built just two years earlier (in Manlius, just east of what's now Brickyard Falls Rd).
If the FTS triggered, the upper stage would not have made it to the ocean intact.
A buddy of mine stopped taking Ambien after he woke up to find *every* knife in his house, organized by length on his kitchen counter (kitchen knives, hunting knives from the garage, a tiny pocket knife he had forgotten about in some junk drawer, etc...)
Exactly...
Based on the upload times, this channel looks like it's just reposting a bunch of stolen content. Do you have a link to the original? EDIT: Ah, there's a watermark on the video. [https://www.youtube.com/user/CyclingMikey/videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/CyclingMikey/videos)
If they do go with a VPN sponser, hopefully they'll pick one that actually takes their user's security seriously (unlike NordVPN).
We literally just dropped ours this past week (consolidating into our Airway and ALS bags). The peds bag didn't get used often enough and we found that when people did need to use it, they weren't familiar enough with it to use it effectively.
Then the answer is simply that you're not changing enough water. &lt;20% is not that big a water change.
If you're interested in this sort of thing, I can't recommend the [Brain Scoop](https://www.youtube.com/user/thebrainscoop) YouTube channel highly enough. It covers all sorts of topics related to natural history museums and the associated research projects.
Ah yes... Country Rebel, where I get all my "news"...
Of course water hammer is going to bust pipes if you slam valves like that...
Been a rough few months for guitarist hands... Loren Barrigar (perhaps not as well known, but in the same ballpark, talent-wise) badly injured his left hand in a [chainsaw accident](https://www.syracuse.com/entertainment/2019/10/cny-guitarist-loren-barrigar-suffers-serious-hand-injury-in-chainsaw-accident.html) (much more seriously than Tommy's injury, unfortunately... Loren's probably never going to play anywhere near the same level again). Here's Tommy and Loren playing together back in 2007: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWVToAypBVg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWVToAypBVg)
Bettas are generally fine with other species. In fact, in a mixed species tank the Betta is generally the one you have to worry about getting bullied as more active fish will nip at their long fins. I'd keep an eye on your Danios (I assume there are more in there?), they are prone to getting nippy. How many Corys do you have? They really prefer to be in groups of 6+.
No, a small amount isn't going to be an issue.
It wasn't even a PIT... he just rammed the back of the vehicle...
"Pain compliance" generally makes it much harder follow commands, since, y'know... you're in pain... It's always "hilarious" to see cops screaming "stop tensing up!" at someone as they are kneeling on them, twisting their arm, etc... As if it's an intentional act and not just the body's response to pain.
&gt;Cops are just regular people, too. Except... they're not. They're people that we have given a great deal of power and authority to, and with that there should be a higher level of accountability.
Danios are also a fish that prefers to be in groups and shouldn't really be kept solo (that might have been the cause of the "behavior" issues in your friend's tank). How big is your aquarium and what species of Pleco do you have? Most of them need at least a 55 gallon aquarium (and some species, like the Common Pleco, need twice that).
Fun fact, the person who "popularized" the Didgeridoo in Contra Dancing is my (ex) brother-in-law... &amp;#x200B; (this is a 100% serious comment)
The larger festivals tend to attract a younger crowd (depending on the area). [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM5vNzFxxBs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM5vNzFxxBs)
lol... You don't know many hippies, do you?
The volume may not be too bad, but the lack of "floor space" means there's no room to establish territories (and nowhere near enough hiding spaces). With the right hardscape, you could probably make that tank work, but you'd have to get real creative (and real vertical).
Absolutely, I'm not agreeing with the original comment, I'm just disagreeing with the claim that cops are "just" regular people. In my opinion an offense committed by an on-duty officer should immediate be upgraded to "aggravated" (or whatever the equivalent for that charge/jurisdiction is).
If you want to remove someone's ability to reason (which is required for them to process and obey commands) and throw them straight into "fight or flight", the quickest way to do that is to put them in a lot of pain. If you think the "PIT" was the \_only\_ thing wrong with that clip, then you have a pretty distorted view of policing. The whole chase was mess of adrenaline getting the better of their judgement. They did a terrible job of issuing clear commands, and many of the commands they did issue were literally impossible to comply with. They were pissed off that the guy recklessly put an officer at risk and from then on out it was nothing but tunnel vision on their goal of teaching him a lesson.
Anyone else have to sketch out the family tree to parse the title...??
Nah, most of the hippies I've met at Contra Dances are of that generation.
They got better... This is not some terrifying deadly disease. For the vast majority of people who contract it, the symptoms are quite minor, and they'll get better on their own with routine medical care.
If you live in a state with income taxes, be sure to check whether they support your state yet or not. I got burned last year by finishing filling everything out, just to find out that New York was not yet supported for that tax year (it took another month and a half).
In the US (at least, presumably in most other countries as well) it is definitely illegal to boobytrap your property (what if the fire department/EMS needed to respond?).
Coronavirus is nowhere near as serious as Ebola. The flu will kill more people this year in the US than 2019-nCoV.
&gt;Yeaaahhh 4-15% mortality rate. That's a \_massively\_ overinflated mortality rate. All signs point to 2019-nCoV being a tamer version of SARS-CoV.
The sources for that claim are not exactly the most trustworthy at the moment. I'm skeptical of that until I hear it from a more credible source...
Lemme guess... you felt the same way about Ebola?
\&gt; But the fact is we don't know much at all right now. We definitely need to learn more, but this isn't some totally unknown bug. The odds that it's massively different from SARS/MERS are pretty low... I'm never going to argue against preparedness. I'm a paramedic. I'm definitely taking droplet precautions on more calls. We're well stocked at home, and the family knows how to handle a SHTF situation. There are plenty of things to worry about in this world. It's going to take a lot more information before nCoV crosses that line for me.
That's true of literally every infectious disease (including influenza).
Yeah, a single case study, which itself hedges quite a bit about whether asymptomatic patients are infectious (simply because someone is shedding a virus doesn't mean they're infectious) . I'm not saying it's impossible, I'm saying I'm skeptical.
Again... not sure how much more clear I can make this... I will remain skeptical of a significant change in the infection nature of Coronavirus until I see some real evidence of it. I'm not sure what the point of your followup comment is, other than pointing out how little evidence there is...
&gt;Evidence supports it, and no evidence as of yet invalidates it. That can very well change as it is still very new, after all. Maybe you weren't being sarcastic earlier when you said stats wasn't your strong suit... 2019-nCoV is a Coronavirus, and therefore shares most of its properties with other Coronavirus variants, none of which are communicable during the asymptomatic incubation period (to any great degree, obviously it's not a binary switch that flips between "not infectious" and "infectious"). Any new evidence that 2019-nCoV behaves differently needs to be considered in the light of everything we know about other Coronavirus.
This *variant* just started showing up. That doesn't mean we don't know anything about it. It's a variant of a well known virus "family".
His bunkers are sitting in the truck (he's almost certainly the driver)
Yes... and the Chinese Government has a long track record of releasing incorrect information (both intentionally and mistakenly).
Oh wow, yeah, that tank is way, way too small for those fish. I would definitely suggest figuring out a (much) bigger tank, or finding a way to rehome most of those fish.
The facts aren't much better... He was a sadistic murderer...
The "explorer" you're choosing to honor had a reputation as a particularly brutal and sadistic tyrant, even by the standard of his own "civilization".
The dude had villages decimated and paraded the dismembered bodies around... This is not some "Oh, he gave me an unwanted look in a bar" situation. He was "cancelled" by his own culture for what he did, and only by his political connections did he get out of prison. It's ok to call a tyrannical sadist what he is...
I (husband/father) got yelled at by the OB because I kept standing up to look over the curtain. I had recently done a clinical rotation in the OR for my paramedic studies at the time, so it was just habit, but my guess is they were worried about me ending up like the dude in the photo above...
The CRNA was awesome, we'd had a chance to chat ahead of time, and spent most the procedure talking shop (my wife wasn't super amused...)
&gt;curl -sL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/home-assistant/hassio-installer/master/hassio\_install.sh" | bash -s This is a terrible idea... You should never blindly pipe a URL into bash...
It's a very bad habit to get people into. I can review the code now, but there's no guarantee it's not going to get swapped out for something malicious at a later date.
Teenagers drinking and smoking weed?!?! Say it isn't so... Next they'll be listening to that "rock and roll" music... In all seriousness, FM has a pretty average amount of drug use. I'm a paramedic in Manlius. We see the occasional kid who's had too much, and the very, very occasional high-school age kid who has gotten into harder drugs, but all in all it's no different from the other suburban school districts in the greater Syracuse area.
I have two three year old sons, and FM is good enough for me (even knowing what I do from working as a first responder in the area).
What did your instructor say when you asked them?
Even if he did make, you still wouldn't know how to feel. Regardless of the outcome, it's very normal to have complicated emotional reactions to very abnormal, high-stress situations. Others in this thread have given a lot of good advice, just don't worry if you find yourself thinking about for the next while.
What does the bag have to do with your "aseptic technique"...?
It isn't always, and Dragon could fly the same profile. The issue is that it takes some work on the part of the station to be in the right place at the right time (and there are fewer windows where it's possible in the first place). This was a test flight, not a "real" mission, so it's reasonable that they wanted to keep it simple. I'm sure they will fly the faster profile in the future.
&gt;simply because your grind size can affect drawdown time Drawdown time isn't super important for immersion brewing. The brewing happens during the immersion phase. The drawdown is just filtering the grounds out.
There is very little extraction going on at that point. With immersion brewing the water gets "saturated" reasonably quickly and stops (or dramatically slows down) pulling compounds out of the coffee (that's why it's easier to overextract with percolation brewing, because there is always fresh water coming into contact with the coffee, and that fresh water is better able to dissolve more compounds).
I don't understand your question...
Ok, that's obviously what this is intended to do, so I'm still not sure I understand the question.
Steve Mould did a guest video on Tom Scott's channel about this topic: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri\_4dDvcZeM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri_4dDvcZeM)
The shuttle used solid rocket motors, which have a very "dirty" exhaust (lots of soot and unburned particles). The Falcon 9 uses kerosene and liquid oxygen, which burns reasonably cleanly. Solid rocket motors are cheap and provide a lot of thrust (especially at sea level), but aren't terribly efficient.
ULA flies two rockets, Delta IV Heavy, and Atlas V. Delta IV doesn't use any solid motors. In fact, the propellants it uses are the cleanest burning of all (liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen). The other ULA rocket, Atlas V, often uses solid "strap on" motors (it can have up to 5 of them, but sometimes flies without any at all). The primary engine on the Atlas V uses the same propellants as the Falcon 9 (kerosene and oxygen). Both the Delta and Atlas series rockets are shortly going to be replaced by ULA's new Vulcan rocket, which uses methane and oxygen (the same propellants as SpaceX's new Starship rocket). Vulcan will optionally use up to six solid rocket strap ons.
Seriously... I'm this close to unsubscribing from this subreddit... It's all low effort memes and people asking Mehdi to "rectify" things that are obviously legitimate...
My wife does, and it annoys me... Subtitles constantly ruin the timing of jokes, or give away some piece of information that the writer intended to reveal later.
Mercedes' biggest (only?) weakness last year was cooling. The Austrian Grand Prix took place during a historic heat wave in central Europe. If a) there is another heat wave, and b) Mercedes didn't address their cooling issues, then sure... maybe RB could repeat last year. How likely is it that both of those things are going to be true?
It's totally just personal preference not anything he's doing wrong. I wish him great success and I think it's awesome that he's such a dedicated educator about this stuff.
So the plan is to just wait it out? Why does this sub have mods in the first place then?
Cops tend to shoot rubber bullets and tear gas, not rocks.
There are dozens of examples of police attacking peaceful protests over the past few days.
I assumed the mods checked the subreddit once in a while and would have noticed the flood of memes...
OP wasn't asking about uniformed roles... There are lots of examples of volunteer medics being attacked by police. Are you aware of any examples of volunteer medics being attacked by protesters?
Pretty sure that's up to me...
[https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Syracuse,+New+York/Ridgewood,+Queens,+NY/@41.9112457,-76.0722287,8z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x89d9f39bbf979a0d:0xd50ce2d7ad9545!2m2!1d-76.1474244!2d43.0481221!1m5!1m1!1s0x89c25e8348533623:0xcd7eb3cf010980d4!2m2!1d-73.9018292!2d40.7043986!3e0](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Syracuse,+New+York/Ridgewood,+Queens,+NY/@41.9112457,-76.0722287,8z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x89d9f39bbf979a0d:0xd50ce2d7ad9545!2m2!1d-76.1474244!2d43.0481221!1m5!1m1!1s0x89c25e8348533623:0xcd7eb3cf010980d4!2m2!1d-73.9018292!2d40.7043986!3e0)
It's true that the water recovery process isn't 100% perfect, but that's not due to the fact that not all water in the body goes into urine. The water recovery system also dehumidifies the air, so it recovers exhaled moisture and evaporated sweat as well.
"If needed" I think you and I have different definitions of "need"...
Or they stole his gloves...
How would that have changed your treatment? You brought her to the hospital. If you had correctly assessed the MI you would have... still brought her to the hospital?
Presumably it's about rocket attacks, given the Hebrew text.
Close enough? [https://www.aclu.org/blog/criminal-law-reform/reforming-police/youre-fucked-acquittal-officer-brailsford-and-crisis](https://www.aclu.org/blog/criminal-law-reform/reforming-police/youre-fucked-acquittal-officer-brailsford-and-crisis)
You likely have activities in your life that don't involve spending your entire day scrolling through Reddit. That is not the case for everyone...
Much of the US is digital, but not encrypted.
&gt; Sir Williams If you're going to use the "Sir" honorific, you should use either the full name ("Sir Frank Williams"), or just the forename ("Sir Frank"). Never the surname by itself.
Another way of looking at it is that the general public can listen to what the police are up to, allowing better accountability (something that is sorely lacking these days).
Yeah, I moonlight as a paramedic, so I use an MDT pretty routinely. MDT messages are stored, and generally FOILable, so the stuff that they really want to keep quiet is done cell phone to cell phone anyway.
If you can't tell this is simply trying to incite people, I fear for our country...
Hi, I'm a paramedic. Plenty of cop friends. You're talking nonsense.
This is literally the exact opposite of Starbucks. Starbucks optimizes for consistency over all else (which is really their only option at that scale). There are many adjectives that could be used to describe OP's result, but I think we can both agree that "consistent" isn't anywhere on that list.
The one on the shelf at your local thrift store.
The OCRRA facility in Janesville is closed to the public.
The "w" stands for "wireless".
You'll also want to leave the brewed coffee on a hot plate for a while after you've brewed it.
Clearly they scare you...
ToT is one of the best comedy channels on YouTube.
&gt;You seem to have read up on this a lot. One question I would have is how do they know the risk/threat level of the situation beforehand? I'm a paramedic. I walk (unarmed) into situations with "unknown threat levels" all the time. It's just a fact of life. In the rare situation where I discover that there is a safety concern, I call for the appropriate help. This seems pretty straightforward...
You know mental health professionals already deal with those sorts of situations all the time, all across the country, right? Whether it's in an in-patient facility, working in an out-patient clinic, in a residential setting, etc... Deescalating situations like that is a normal part of the job for many mental health professionals (and they don't need a gun to do it).
&gt;Narcan basically takes an addict from bliss to withdrawal. Some get violent as a result. The issue with Narcan is that they go from unconscious and not breathing (often for several minutes) to conscious very quickly. If done incorrectly, they still have a ton of excess carbon dioxide in their blood. Carbon dioxide levels are what trigger you to breathe. Imagine holding your breath until you couldn't possibly hold it any longer... then keep holding it. They aren't violent because you "ruined their high", they're violent because they just woke up feeling like they are suffocating, and their fight-or-flight response has kicked in. If you ventilate them first for a minute or two to blow off the excess CO2, they will be much happier when they wake up. Ideally you should also administer the Narcan slowly (so they start breathing on their own before completely waking up), but that's hard to do if you're using a nasal spray and not giving it IV.
More cops are killed in traffic \_accidents\_ (i.e. crashing their car, or being hit by a car while they are standing on the side of the road) than any other cause of death.
Well done Baku
I'm not claiming I could do that, but that's a pretty "simple" VFX production. The camera is stationary (it's just panning, with some "wobble" added), which makes the whole thing much easier.
I assume it's too the typical destination for each spacecraft (so, LEO for everything except Apollo)
The light that it casts and the lens flare are made much easier by the fact that the camera is at a fixed point in space.
Turn room temperature air into hot air that also happens to take up a lot less space.
COVID-19 would have burned itself out in the region it started in. Global travel is what turned it into a pandemic.
They're fine in an EMS setting. We're just applying it long enough to get them to the hospital, where you can do your bad carpentry routine.
The infection rate matters more than "how sick you get". It seems to be very contagious, which means in a small, isolated population, it would likely infect everyone it could pretty quickly.
That only matters if they do it during the relatively narrow timeframe when they are infectious. Travel was not super common 200 years ago (for many demographics of people, certainly not everyone).
&gt;That makes no sense. Exactly...
&gt; so can’t really comment. And yet....
Lesson 0: It's Ham or ham, not HAM (it's not an acronym) Who is this "HAM Manuel" person?
There was no "active" report. He just just said they often have black males there selling drugs. It's not like there was a BOLO out for a black male...
Do some actual detective work? CI's? Stings? Alternatively... just don't.
Well, as a paramedic (hence the subreddit), I usually give it IV.
&gt;I.E The benefits of stop and searching the demographic you know is causing the problem vs the destruction they actually cause. You may also want to weight the costs of racist traffic stops...
Most breakers are designed to deal with both. Thermal/Magnetic breakers trip quickly in a large overload (thanks the "magnetic" bit), and trip within a few minutes with a smaller overload (due to the "thermal" bit)
&gt;That means if the electrician messed up and there was a poor connection somewhere, you won't notice until you plug in something powerful and suddenly it'll catch fire. Recently bought a new house, and in the process of replacing some light switches (z-wave ftw), I've discovered the electrician who wired the place apparently had no idea how to install a wirenut (three wires just laid in parallel with the nut twisted on). I've found a couple that have clearly gotten very hot. It has definitely accelerated my replacement plan for the switches/outlets, and I'm hoping there aren't too many buried junction boxes I won't be able to check...
I understand that, I was just clarifying, as your comment could lead someone to believe that breakers only respond to instantaneous loads.
It's kind the other way around... As a paramedic, the scope of things I can do is a lot broader than most nurses.
I think you mean "states rights vs human rights". The south was told it couldn't own people anymore, and it took up arms against the government to defend that "right". You only get to make the "states rights" argument if you believe that it is the right of the state to allow slavery. Is that what you believe? If not, the whole "states rights" argument makes no sense, since it's not a valid right in the first place. I have no idea what point you're trying to make about slavery elsewhere in the world, and the only people focusing on the 200 year old dispute are the ones flying the loser's flag...
Immersion brewing (like the Clever) is much, much more forgiving than percolation brewing (like the V60). It's harder to overextract with immersion brewing, so you're less likely to end up with the really bitter/astringent flavors that come along with that.
Yeah, I just use the homeassistant package in PyPI and don't worry about the ever changing set of names...
&gt;he seems level headed enough \[off track\] FTFY... ("When did I do dangerous driving!?!?")
Maybe put a little sugar in it...
He was standing well clear of the path the cops were traveling. The cop who shoved him had to take several steps out of the line towards him (then returned back to the line).
He was out of the way... Notice how the cop ran back in the direction he came from after stepping forward to shove him?
I don't think you know what "in the way" means... The cop changed the direction he was running in, went out of his way to shove the photographer over, then went back to the original direction he was going.
[https://www.localsyr.com/news/local-news/ocrra-opens-new-and-improved-rock-cut-road-transfer-station-but-only-for-commercial-users/](https://www.localsyr.com/news/local-news/ocrra-opens-new-and-improved-rock-cut-road-transfer-station-but-only-for-commercial-users/)
Are you sure? It literally just opened today, and only for commercial traffic. [https://www.localsyr.com/news/local-news/ocrra-opens-new-and-improved-rock-cut-road-transfer-station-but-only-for-commercial-users/](https://www.localsyr.com/news/local-news/ocrra-opens-new-and-improved-rock-cut-road-transfer-station-but-only-for-commercial-users/)
And it still wasn't enough to reverse the fentanyl overdose...
&gt;Kicking someone on the ground in a one on one fight is bad enough, kicking them on the ground when there's a frenzy of 10 other people attacking them is far worse. Pretty sure that technique is taught in "How To Arrest A Black Guy 101"
Tamir Rice was a kid playing with a BB gun. Cops rolled up and the officer in the passenger seat was out and blazing away with his (real) gun before the car even came to a stop.
No, it was just bad policing. They drove straight in to the scene (stopping within \~15 feet of Tamir). If he actually had a real gun (and intended to harm them), they would have been already been dead.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypostatic_union
I (or, more accurately, my household, including three small children, a cat, and a dog) have broken two of the plastic ones already. This looks awesome, but I fear it wouldn't survive long here...
Really? You think there are people out there who will see that image and think "Oh, gee... I've been wrong about this whole Black Live Matter thing the whole time. This has totally changed my view."? It seems far more likely to me that it would push people deeper into their convictions.
Dementia wards are pretty much always palliative care (with varying timescales). People don't generally leave dementia wards.
It's super common. "Wedged between the wall and toilet" is pretty high on the list of typical places to find someone in cardiac arrest. Straining during a bowel movement can slow the heart down significantly, causing people to pass out (and if they have a preexisting heart condition, cause their heart to stop beating as it should).
Have you heard of these things called "commas"? I think you probably mean "Lincklaen House".
Yeah, that was going to be my comment. He's very likely to be the last, but is in no way the first.
I'm not sure you know what "ultimate" means... If you hadn't said "ultimate", I'd be with you 100%, but by including that you are explicitly removing the time component.
Huh? I've made two posts in this thread (prior to this one). The one you're replying to, and one agreeing that Hamilton is likely to be the last, rather than the first working-class WDC.
Yeah, sorry, that was needlessly snarky on my part. Apologies!
Also a good idea to keep an eye out if you're biking on the canal. Hitting a snapping turtle will definitely ruin your day...
What about the official abbreviations? I'll often just use those if the drivers' names have already been used in the conversation.
&gt;He already had one child out of wedlock that got his first baby mama sent to Chicago because that's how southern black people hid someone having an illegitimate baby in the 30s I guess. Interesting... and here I thought "sent to Chicago" was a spur of the moment inside joke in The Adventure Zone: Amnesty...
&gt;I don't understand why you try to to belittle schumacher's situation. It was way worse than Zanardi I don't understand why you try to belittle Zanardi's situation. An impact strong enough to break the frontal bone of the skull will have done extensive damage to the brain. There is little reason to be optimistic about a good neurological outcome here.
Because the culture of law enforcement in this country is super broken, and has a disproportionately negative effect on minorities? Just spitballing here...
&gt;58 shootings in a country where we have 35+ million contacts by police every year is statistally an outlier. The sad thing is, you see nothing wrong with the "35+ million contacts by the police" in that sentence...
&gt;35MM police contacts included everything from you calling the cops because the neighbors 15yo kid is having a party to Karen down the street calls 911 because your lawn is too unkept, to active shooter response, burglary response, to speeding tickets and everything in between. Why should half of those things result in "police contacts"? Does an unkempt lawn or loud party really require an armed response?
&gt;Again, you’re moving the goalposts You keep bringing up different points, then accusing me of "moving the goalposts" when I respond to them. My "goalpost" is that the culture of law enforcement in this country is fundamentally broken. The fact that the police get involved in all sorts of non-violent, non-criminal situations (and often escalate those situations to the point of violence) is part of the problem.
Can't you ask your respective employers about the timing of payroll checks? This isn't a thing you need to guess or ask internet strangers about. There's an easily knowable answer, you just have to ask the people who actually know.
&gt; I've read up on the licensing and whatnot, but am having a hard time finding a home set up that would work. There's just a big learning curve. That's kind of the point of the licensing. By the time you're ready to pass the test, you'll know the answer to many of the questions you're asking.
Are you looking for something battery operated? If I wanted to do something like that, I'd probably make something using a D1 Mini (likely running ESPHome).
I mean... ideally neither you nor the old man would feel shame...
Why aren't you convinced? This is an off-the-shelf induction coil. You can buy one yourself...
That's straight from the tap? Are you on a well, or municipal water? That's approaching levels that you really shouldn't be drinking (and it's \_way\_ above the regulatory limits in most developed countries).
Any local roaster that sells ground coffee should be able to grind it however you want it. They (hopefully) aren't keeping bags of ground coffee sitting around.
If you found that fascinating, you should check out the article linked at the top by the OP.
I thought I had a kidney stone (because I had a sudden onset pain consistent with a kidney stone). Turns out I had a kidney stone.
Why are you switching to another MVNO? Most of the technical issues you described come down to the fact that Republic doesn't own the networks they use, so they don't get priority, and there are many issues that they simply can't solve themselves (but rather have to escalate to the "real" carrier). Visible is likely to have many of the same issues. We dropped Republic for Verizon a few years ago and have been much happier. We pay a little more (works out to \~$20/mo more in total, across our family), but that money is well spent in having phone service that has been bulletproof reliable.
The fix here isn't plants... Either the test is wrong (certainly possible, and it sounds like OP is working to double check that), or that water does not come anywhere close to meeting the required standards for drinking water and the local water authority needs to address that.
&gt;Visible is Verizon. Ah, I was a bit out of the loop on that one. I didn't realize Visible is effectively just a different Verizon brand. Sounds like it may be a good fit for you then.
There is zero editing required, just reverse the video (and clip off the part where you stirred the water in the glass)
All KN95 masks are Chinese made. KN95 is a Chinese standard.
Wait... You can dox a public official? Doesn't that kind of conflict with the "public" bit?
It's also useful to know if it goes well beyond the target pressure, since that means you've made it stronger than it needs to be, and it's possible there are mass savings to be achieved by backing off the strength a bit.
One thing to be aware of is that unless your use case allows you to put the ESP8266 into "deep sleep" mode (or you are constantly recharging the battery), it's going to chew through that battery very quickly. The ESP8266 is a power hungry little fella...
I'm just gonna take a wild guess that you didn't have kids at home during the quarantine... I gained 15 pounds and aged 15 years...
Minute Physics recently released a video explaining how N95's work (specifically covering the permanent electric field). [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAdanPfQdCA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAdanPfQdCA)
Just a tip, if you're asking the internet to identify the model of a radio, you should include the model number printed on the radio...
&gt;No reasonable and law abiding person would risk injury interacting with this mailbox. You might be surprised how often cars hit mailboxes (and this 20lb block of concrete is perfectly positioned to fly through a windshield).
&gt;Except it was in every garage Do you have a source for that? I've seen several photographs of the garage area, and the neighboring doors aren't tied into nooses. I'm not disputing that the noose was tied long before anyone could have known that Wallace would be using that garage, but I haven't seen anything supporting your claim that it exists in all the garages (happy to be wrong)
I said nothing about liability either way. I was responding to the claim that a "reasonable and law abiding person" could not be injured by this mailbox (moreso than a regular mailbox).
I said nothing about "fault". I described a scenario in which a "reasonable and law abiding person" could be injured by this mailbox.
There is a difference in risk between a brick/stone/steel mailbox (where the post supporting the mailbox is going to stop the car) and this design, which is a 20 lb brick effectively suspended at head/chest height for the driver of a car.
\&gt; I pay one of the kids 25 an hour for babysitting. Do you have 12 children...?
We have three kids (4, 4, and 7) and pay $10/hr for "we're still in the house, but need to get stuff done" babysitting, and $15/hr for "we gone" babysitting.
To be fair, Reddit has had some [dark history with professional biologists](https://www.reddit.com/r/MuseumOfReddit/comments/2m5q11/a_feast_for_crows_the_fall_of_uunidan/)... It can be hard to trust again.
You must be in a very bad university then... Diodes are, by definition, polarized. That's how diodes work. If diodes aren't polarized, how does a bridge rectifier work?
I mean... OP literally said "I might try putting it in the sun"
Very likely to be a local escapee.
Well, not OP, but as a first responder in a neighboring town, it's a huge hassle to get people out there when they fall and break something (that's usually the mountain bikers though).
He looks kinda like a younger Bruce Willis...
What did your doctor say when you showed it to them?
The refueling thing seems like a gimmick... Given the modification they had to do, it would have been easier to just put a bigger fuel tank in the car.
This kinda falls into the category of "problems you should already know how to solve if you're playing with high voltage transformers".
The fact that medical providers are less likely to give pain meds to minorities is well established. Do you really think EMS providers are somehow special and not prone to the same bias?
If you think Syracuse is unsafe, I can only assume you have very limited experience in other cities...
They should have taken another 19 seconds...
I answered "No" to the first question, then it just asked me to submit the form. Easiest survey ever.
The problem is, there are a lot of part freezes that go into effect at the start of P1 at Austria (those parts will be frozen until the end of next year).
I've seen it twice in \~15 years as a paramedic in a suburban/rural area. My guess is that it's not super uncommon a technique.
I was at Letchworth on Saturday. It was an absolute zoo...
Yeah, you may have a better time mid-week. I generally avoid Letchworth on weekends, but had to drive out to SUNY Geneseo anyway, so figured I'd pop down for a short hike.
How old is the coffee? As the coffee gets older (more than a week or two) the activity of the bloom will fall off quite a bit.
It's lovely. The falls are great, but the side trails throughout the rest of the park are often an overlooked treasure. On Saturday the falls overlook trails were packed, but no one was on the Hemlock trail (Trail 2A), which is a lovely area.
If she doesn't feel that concern for you, why should you feel it for her?
Oh yeah, pre-ground coffee in general isn't going to bloom much at all. Once it has been ground coffee has a shelf-life measured in hours.
That's what EMTs are for...
Found the guy who has no experience with LSD \^\^\^
A pleco and a comet... must be a gigantic aquarium
Yeah, or firefighters, in a pinch...
It would be awesome if this sub had moderators...
They can copy the shapes of the letters well enough...
If he says "Did you seriously think" one more time...
Nah, that comes dangerously close to suggesting a method, and I have no interest in encouraging anyone, even in the smallest of ways, to harm themselves. I'll just say that regardless of method, suicides tend to be some of the worst calls to deal with. They can carry a heavy emotional toll, and if you are considering taking your own life, please do me a favor and reach out to the [suicide hotline](https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/) and have a chat (they're happy to talk, and aren't going to judge). I really do mean it would be a personal favor for me. Even if you don't feel like you have anyone in your life who cares, I promise your death would have a negative impact on those responding. (I don't mean "you" specifically /u/hanerengutt, not presuming anything about your life, I just mean "you" who happens to be reading this comment).
WTF is an "encode"?
Sounds a lot like firefighting. A common drill for firefighters is to cover their mask and put their hands on a hoseline (one that has generally been routed circuitously through various obstacles). There is a bit of added complexity in the fact that you have the middle of the hose, and obviously only one end of it is outside the building, so you have to find a hose coupling and determine the direction to follow the hose by the feel of the coupling.
Yeah, the benefit of the hoseline is that the male side is smooth, while the female side has captive nut with lugs on it that screws onto the male end. To make an already somewhat crude analogy even cruder, the water always from from the male into the female, so the male side is the one that's closer to the pump, which is (hopefully) outside the building.
Especially in the German Navy. Of all the military branches, the Navy was the least "Nazified" during WW2.
