Maybe, but a kite doesn't fly perpendicular to the wind so it's not like it's getting the full force
It should if you have a carbine buffer tube like most pistols
Should have unlocked it before the event ended. You knew it was ending today for almost a month now...
Either way, why wait even until the last 45 minutes. He could have bought them days or even weeks ago. Nothing but negative possibilities could come if you wait until that late.
Why wait though. Nothing good could come. Should have been more cautious, especially knowing SHG and these servers.
I got mine. you have to manually claim your loot from twitch.
the "winter" items aren't. but other variants of the guns are. You cant get the chiller variants, but you can get non-winter variants of the new guns.
So you should have opened them yesterday to be safe.
https://twitch.amazon.com/prime/loot/callofduty?ref_=SM_OM_CODAMP_LP
It's not. The pattern can be a little random at times and make it look like that
When you complete a collection you have to unlock the reward manually. You didn't do it in time, so now it's too late.
Yea, but the collections are closed. It's too late
No
Nope, no changes
Look at this guy, actually shooting his guns.... Psh!
thats at least a month away. Also they will likely do what they just did and let you earn them through games played. I have all the new guns, and bought the winter variants, and i still have 64k credits saved up. By the end of the event, I only needed to buy one or 2 things for each collection so it was cheap.
9 is silly. By the same principal it would be either 4, maybe 6 if you say 2 swords, or 8 if you count the stars and both ends of each sword. Maybe 12 if you think 4 points with 3 smaller points. But no one would think 9. If you're counting inside dots, 7 would be only 3,
EBay only allows 10 rd mags
In other new news: Water isn't wet
Mine disappeared then came back the next day
You are allowed 3 contracts at once. Just activate it and complete it whenever you do. Can still run the gun and game mode contract no issue. This is the best crate out now.
You can thank the shotgun contract for that. Also incendiary shells are worse than regular
Yea the kar def needs a buff /s
All sniper ads time doubled. Smg sprint out time in half.
No that would make them have to be used as snipers not shotguns
The waffe TTK within it's 4 shot range is the 2nd highest of any auto in the game. It's great with extended mags and steady aim on operation breakout where it's close range.
He's probably gone forever. It's back to that chick for now sadly.
I cant spend my credits on contracts fast enough. If I could I would do them several times a day. A rare crate for 50 or 200 credits is a no brainer for me.
Yes, it's the best crate available, and 200 is cheap. easy trade off.
Either run lower streaks, get more score, or use ordnance. Simple.
Depends on how high they are flying / how far away they are. It depends on the map how high they fly. Also where they are relative to you changes things. If they are high and or far away your rocket needs to travel for longer.
I don't get this. I get much more XP from standing in the middle and being near crates opening + commends, then standing near the leaderboard with a message.
It reduces shot to kill by 1 if you hit the head. Makes it much easier. plus, when you get a 2 shot BAR kill, it just melts.
Sbmm doesn't exist
$15 shipping puts it right there with everyday eBay deals of $140-$150 shipped.
It is by far the best shotgun, I just find it too inconstant to really run except going for contracts. I can bang 5 kills in 5 shots, and then get a hit marker point blank and die.
It was buffed a week ago. You see more people with it because there is any easy contract for a rare crate to get 25 kills with a shotgun.
&gt;Besides cammos is there any point for an entire team to do it? Because most teams are just random people who want to play however they like and don't care about winning or losing. If they want to snipe, they don't care if the 5 other people have snipers.
Use a longer range gun.
40m
16.5 about 59k total
Damn Canadians and their SBS
Buy the Rookie for the Garand. The irons are very nice.
Dont have any link to a source. But I know that's how it works. I have over 100k social score
its a random chance, not sure exactly how often. It doesn't matter if you're the own one watching. I also know you get +1 social score per person watching you open yours.
Biggest change I made that really upped my war game was running armoured and concussed with 2 frags on defense, and expeditionary and hunker with frag and smoke on offense.
It's to reduce spawn killing.
A pretty good one I guess. Its easy to remember, and it got people talking about the company. A name that you know for how stupid it is, is still a name that you know.
B but "I'm a run and gunner and....."
for the love of God man, please just buy the Candi variant. Irons are way better.
Nice. STG is already my favorite, so I'd love a buff on it.
Because most people are not playing for the win, or even for the most score.
wrong, there is no 3 shot range on the STG. Its 30 damage point blank 22 at max @0:42 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAAgDg9aKiA
nope, even with 3 headshots you will never kill in 3 unless they are weak. 30 damage x 1.1 is still only 33, which means 3 headshots is 99. Only way is if you use high caliber
Not broken, its done that way on purpose for balance. Same way you can get 2 smoke nades with Bang in custom but not MP.
Because its too narrow. The middle lane is too open, so that only leaves 2 lanes to really move through. And both of littered with headglitches.
They are around all the time. Air National Guard.
No, sprint out of the time it takes to shoot of you are running. It's different than ads time
This, plus xp you get for watching crates open isn't score either. I afk farmed a few days and you get about 1000xp per hour
Out of 4 of my friends, only 1 of us has a a single variant for the Bar, none for the Kar (other than my social rank 16 reward), and none for the combat shotgun. I have at least one variant for every gun except the Bar and Combat shotty.
Lol as much as this sub hates "crutch perks" they sure do want faster ads to counter their bad positioning. How about acknowledge positioning has the advantage over adderall twitch shooting, and that's how it should be.
Lol you so silly. You think you are better than you really are, and are mad you can't adapt. Sorry that you can't jetpack and use your laser on me kid. You lose
b b but I don't like it and I can't adapt so I have no option but to get butthurt and revert to elementary name calling...
Doesn't force anything, it favors one style over rushing. If ADS was faster than it would "force" rushing by your logic and lessen positioning.
Your WASR has an intact lug? I thought they were all ground down?
Division? He's using the lookout basic training.
The mounted MGs on Neptune? They are some of the most OP things in the game if you use lookout and the enemy is bad enough to not cap a bunker by the time the bots run out. Then it is shooting fish in a barrel. Or more accurately shooting snipers in the ocean.
Really depends on your team. If you have 3 competent players its not hard. If the 5 other guys want to snipe or just run up and die over and over again, the bots will end and its game over really.
It only does 15% of what it used it. It still doesn't reduce flinch by 15%. There are several YouTube videos on the post nerf, and it's very very minimal
I got most of mine in War. It's much easier when people are distracted by an objective. Didn't aim for the head, but I got it done in under 1000 kills. I ran irons with the Rookie variant (which has amazing iron sights)
High caliber doesn't help much at all. Its still a 2 shot to the head. Only time it'll help is if the are weak from someone else. Or at extreme ranges where it would normally turn into a 3 shot. But there aren't many.
Extended mags, and QD are useful. Thats all I run. So for war I use armoured and concussed. If you want to use an optic swap in infantry. It already does 60, so with 1 headshot you do 66. The only time HC will help is if the enemy has 90 or less, but more than 66.
That's exactly what it was for
It was never change since launch
Get RES extension for chrome. I filter: sprint out, friendly reminder, PC, 3/1000, announcer, and emblem. It cleans up a lot of junk.
Not sure about that house in particular, or the legality, but a ton of houses around me pump water from sump pumps from their basements straight into the alley. It always freezes over in the winter and is undriveable. I think as long as it's not polluted discharging water isn't illegal. Call or submit a 311 complaint about the ice. It'll probably thaw before they do anything though.
I have the TP9SF and love it. Not a single problem after 400 rounds. Feeds HP perfectly also. A lot of people say it "out Glocks a Glock". I think everything a Glock does, the TP9 does better (except if you are looking for accessories or to modify it). If you are happy keeping it stock, I think it's the best full size 9mm you can get for under $400.
What perks do you have to grind do? After a few presitges I was able to remake my main classes instantly after prestiging, or shortly thereafter. Also, camos, crates, and V2's are rewards not grinds.
Those are hardly a grind. You can get most of those in a weeks time. This game is supposed to last a year.
I just opened 100 crates the other day, over $100 worth, I got 3 new guns I never use, over 12000 credits, and almost 3 hours of each 25% boost.
My newb friend did that, we still laugh about it. Just double check what you are doing until you actually use the token.
lol grease gun is better than the type 100 and sten for sure, and likely the Thompson. And Lewis is either the best or 2nd best LMG.
Why fmj? A headshot even through a wall will kill in hc
Everything about the type 100 is worse
Good. except his right eye looks like a screaming mouth
No protection from the nade that every player gets at least one of. 0/10. Hunker is way more valuable than playing dead
Doesn't matter if they see your name, everyone spawns and chucks their nade on the bomb. You win die to more nades than times you will survive solely because of undercover
A lot of classes are viable, might even work well, doesn't mean another class won't work even better
Not having a 3 shot range kills it's ttk. It's a great gun and totally viable, but up close it loses to every full auto ar and smg in raw ttk
If you break, put the balls on the table / in the rack for the other person. Shake hands after the match. Call your own fouls
Yea, but better than crazy extensive impossible ones. I would like some contracts other than kills though
Yea but 15 head shots and 2 contracts done is more valuable than a little more xp. And if you are good at slaying 17-20k is no issue
Because you get no xp for escorting the tank unless it's the final 1%
Well the same reason. You can get 115 score for one kill, or nothing and waste your time
Doubt they will changes SOT they already said that. And they already said they are making Dom XL with 100 pt.
Its only 1k more for a win, and blocking the tank a few seconds and dying a few times without getting any kills doesn't guarantee a win.
Stop sprinting through one of the most busy doorways in the game. Simple.
So what would faster SOT's do? They are equal now, and he still won. Also, looks more like lag comp, he saw you before you saw him and he got his gun up and short first and won. So, changing SOT wouldn't have helped you, but not sprinting into the door would have.
doesn't mean SMGs should have faster SOT. They have more ammo, tighter hip spread, silencers and faster strafe speeds which make them better at close range. You can either keep bitching after they said they wont change it, and keep running through doors and dying, or adapt to the game and get better.
Every SMG has better hipspread than every AR. Also the SMGs still strafe faster than infantry with tier 4 division perk. Not only in non-ADS move speed, but also ADS move speed too.
ok, now I know the argument is over.
No, they didn't adjust fire rate.
Every patch dozens of people come up with ideas that they stealth buffed things, 99% of them are wrong.
I'm more streaky in this game than any other CoD I think. Like you said, dominate and get MVP one game, next game, same players, same gun I cant go positive to save my life. Maybe I'm just much better at some maps than others, I'm not sure.
it's much better, but the combat shotgun is still hands down way better.
You cant seem to find any middle round between "rushing" (sprinting until you see someone) and camping? How about sprint to cover, or until you expect an enemy then walk or aim? There is still a rush style in this game, you just need to stop running before you see someone to be effective.
I immediately dismiss anyone that says grip or rapid fire. They hardly help at all. Increase fire rate by literally 6-7%. That's less than 0.014 seconds faster TTK on the FG42. That is such a tiny tiny time it's nearly unimaginable.
There still is on Xbox, it's only on certain menu screens though. I'd like Major Howard accessible without going to the HQ also.
Exactly, if you miss one shot, rapid fire does even less to reduce your TTK. I agree there aren't a lot of good attachments in this game, but extended mags has a definite difference. QD also if you dont sprint a ton.
Nope.
I agree. But a lot of guns are so inconsistent. One time it will shoot like a laser, the next it will kick up very high
Lol. I saw a kid complaining about SOT, and his video about the issue was him running through the most busy door on Saint Marie and dying to someone with an AR who shot first.
It will probably put an outline in one of 4 directions on your mini-map. Other games had it (BO3), but it wasn't that powerful. It would kind of like be instincts but for you mini map.
&gt;place rubber bands on the joysticks to simulate enough movement to prevent being kicked. This doesn't work in game. You need to pick a class to spawn in, so just moving your stick will still get you kicked.
The challenges were super easy on war. Sniping on breakout bridge / last tank defense is very easy.
Looks better this way, and makes more sense if you actually plan on using the knife.
Yea I know, but image how much weaker your knife strike would be if you did that. They already hold the pistols in one hand, and just resting your arm on your other crossed arm wont help control a pistol at all.
Maybe, but they only use one hand now, so holding the knife like this gives them a stronger knife attack, with the same aim.
Didn't they only buff it 13 RPM, and a very minor reduction to recoil?
I guess a lot of people still used it, so it only made it better. But it was a very minor tweak.
There already is instincts
Beretta Model 38
To similar I think. Both alert you to someone nearby you don't see
3% faster, no real difference in recoil
The wiki data select fire, which means it can go full auto
what does this pic have to do with being a hoarder? You think 100k is a lot of credits?
The minor reduction didn't stop quick scoping though, it changed it, but didn't make it and harder. 50 ms is such a tiny adjustment
Dlc is for maps. And the advantage season pass gets is it's cheaper for all 4. That's how it should be. New guns shouldn't be locked behind a pay wall
Kar has faster rate of fire
Frame rounding
There's is nothing to spend them on really. Buying 8 contracts a day cost only a few hundred. Nothing in collections that needs buying if you already have a variant
Wut? War is the single best thing to happen to cod in years
It's assumed the pistol is the prestige award. Rifle and smg are in crates and collections
Because your aim sucks. It only takes 4 shots
I've been saving, but no guarantee they will add them after, like the winter ones. I wouldn't be surprised if that was just a bug
There is no evidence of this. Several people tested it and there is no difference in supply drops rates based on levels. It was mentioned, but I dont think every actually implemented.
Same as you except I think I had QD on instead of grip. The recoil is already low so I think I chose quick draw for when I'm moving around.
likely wont contain any resistance items until the event ends. Just save them until then.
Scout scope mounted on the handguard? How does that hold zero?
i'm hoping its a scout scope with extended eye relief. If not this is even more crazy than I thought.
Yea but everything on their site is 20% higher than other suppliers.
I thought footsteps were already hard to hear in most respawn games. There is so much background noise always going off.
concussed. you get 2 nades, and concussion.
Because you throw a sticky and it'll blow up before they can react. Thats the best part about frags, but sticky your dont have to cook. Which means you are doing to die instantly to more nades without having a chance to run from them.
If you rather just chuck them on the run and not cook them, sticky is way better.
Save them until the event is over. I have nearly everything from the original collection but the hardest to get. Dup protected might help me get them. The 10 or so winter bribes I got only got me emblems and grips and crap.
Your supposed to wait. what good is dupe protected when you have no items?
Same way black female infantry soldiers running around makes sense. It doesn't, but it doesn't matter in a game.
It's more like a cheer than a salute now
Why is this $70 more than the safety model?
Grip is a waste, so is the +6% fire rate from rapid fire.
What? Standing still doesn't increase your ads at all
Same for any map with a tall wall or edge. Flak tower, you can jump over the wall and lock before you die. I've won every time from doing that so far.
yea and eventually everyone who plays will memorize all the random junk in the map and prop hunt will be totally different.
You are not forced to accept the order you know.
There is a patch update sticky. And no one cares enjoy you're opinion. It's probably been posted hundreds of times
Yup VSTG literally means people's storm rifle, or people's assault rifle.
Mp40 is only 2.5m. That's not very useful on a semi
There a short wall behind both spawns that you can jump off the map
Should be the next one in line. The pistol is a division reward so that wont be in special orders.
Get better at hiding.
VSTG actually. Same way the sturmgewehr 44 is shortened to STG.
They would likely use the country they were from, or nick names for them. But this game was never really about historical accuracy. It doesn't really change much that a black female Nazi is using the term "allies" in English, while shooting an american or Russian gun....
Worse with fire shells. You will die from the enemy then trade the kill with fire way more often than you could just 1 shot someone. Yes it will get you some kills after you die, but you will die a lot less without the fire shells.
If you have both hands on your gun, how are you supposed to just melee with a shovel? That's why they use the butt of the gun. Plus since Pistols suck, that would just allow more people to panic knife people
Getting challenges for my guns done
No thanks, I don't like death match. I like predictable spawns, and a mode where I can choose the distance I encounter the enemy.
It's still a kill based game which I don't like, and I can't control all the spawns. Also have to deal with uav and betties. No thanks
Ok driftor
Just a troll. I think less than 1% will get verified as it is.
Name brand means very little too me. I refuse to pay a premium on guns just because of the name. What about the barrel is better? We're talking several hundred dollars difference. I understand a $1600 ar15 is better than a $400 onen usually, but to me, no where near 4x better. I guess that's the same situation here?
That was just an extreme example. I was just asking, other than the name, why is it worth more
65. Last week I opened 75 rare drops and got complete garbage. I couldn't image spending $100 to get the items I did.
That challenge is impossible right now. Everyone gets 0 deaths
&gt;I know what I'm doing . . &gt;-Doesn't keep a shell in the chamber
I dunno, but thats usually when they release patches at what not. After the last resistance update its been that way.
Because no one likes dying to 1 shot weapons. Whether it be snipers, melees, or shotguns. Dying instantly before you can even react sucks.
Easter egg in the HQ with morse code, down near the leaderboards on the beach. Tuts on youtube...
Yes and yes.
Diamondback 4-12 bdc $186.60 shipped. It's on my build list, but not quite low enough to make me buy before I even have any other parts. I've seen $175 shipped on eBay
"made an offer" on a few things this morning, and still haven't heard back... oh well.
Then everyone else gets a easy quick win
Because he uses reddit you think he should be held to some higher standard?
&gt;intentionally firing a pistol equipped with a pistol brace from the shoulder could STILL constitute possession of a short barreled rifle. Didn't we all already agree that any time a brace touches a shoulder that it was "occasionally accidental"? And that no one would ever dare install a brace with intent to use it like a stock....
Because for some ready MD says even SBRs have to be 29" min.
6k is expensive, there is only like 6 collection items worth 6k or more....
Yes, the camo's are like that.
it's a party game...
And didn't fix afk in infected....
What scope mount is that? A knockoff aero precision spr?
Bcm mod-3 Black grip for less than $20 shipped?
You can only join with 4 people. And it's hard to boat headshots for a specific gun in gun game
Or just get some friends. You shouldn't be playing competitive with randoms if you want to win
But is it OPTICS READY?
Brass deflector and forward assist combo... That's new to me
More likely a undergas issue than your spring / buffer. Most pistol kits use carbine buffers. Try a different upper with that lower and test.
Why are these ~$50 higher than this time last year? I bought 2 for under $300 shipped each. Besides that, it's still the best full size 9mm striker fired gun under $400.
Monument City, Diamondback, Union.
I just picked one of these up a little while ago. It's pretty nice, but unless you really want that PDW look, just get the SBA3. They are the same length, but this is 18 oz compared to 7oz, and the SBPDW costs almost $100 more.
Hey, I recognize that chair from MDshooters.
The full sizes and weights are listed on SB tactical. Fully collapsed they are the same length, but the PDW is going to be wider and heavier. Also the PDW is only 3 position, the the SBA3 is 5 I believe. All that said, the PDW gets major cool points.
That is unconfirmed and unsourced
Still not much proof. Pastebins and one picture from a guy that could be made in 10 minutes in Microsoft word. Nothing official from atf. Also just install the brace with intent to use it as a brace and only accidentally occasionally let it touch your shoulder and you'll be ok. Even before the "reversal" in 2017 braces were in use and no one has gotten in trouble
Just have to say "opps" after every trigger pull and it's ok
Because you didn't get any direct impact damage and only caught him on fire which is very weak
The SI foregrip has a part snapped off? And it's on backwards. Loosen the Velcro on the brace some. It's a shame the castle nut is so soft on those braces, I see way too many torn up. It's also a SBPDW brace, as in sb tactical. Not SG
Yea but if it was used the other way around, and not cut, it already has a rough barricade stop on the front
Look like fab defense or other genetic plastic sights
So what was hitting on the inside that needed to be cut?
Ok I can see that, looks like it's not a low profile gas block and it barely fits
&gt;City Council President Jack Young says he wants the department to make sure traffic lights in the city are synchronized before they start handing out fines. **It’s only fair**. Its fair to block the box now because the lights are not optimally timed? Also yea I agree $250 is very high fine for blocking the box.
Why did you pick 7.62x39 over other 30 cal (.308 or .300 BLK)?
They have a trained service dog, but its not trained enough to not drink toilet water?
Pull the foam out and flip it over so you cant see the marker.
Except point 1 and 3 did not take into account subsonic ammo, which is usually heavier and definitely slower. So yes, it will drop more, and have less kinetic energy "damage"
My pa10 runs flawlessly. 1.5" moa with match ammo
Are these actually shipping now? And why is this only 9mm and not the 40 also, aren't they the same?
Darn, would have been a great time to pick up 2 YHM QD mounts for $50 each, too bad though.
Some duct tape should patch that right up.
Very hard to stop AFK'ers when they are willing to using Macros to button press. They could just put the "Do damage within 2 minutes" check I guess.
US Machine makes a nice folding adapter that fits under the grip and accepts buffer tubes. I have one on my Pap m92 with a kak brace and works pretty nice
BSA makes nice rimfire scopes.
Amazon still refunds even if it's a third party seller.
I like it. But I feel like they could have gone shorter. You can see where the action ends, and then what, I just empty space?
Sadly in MD that's 29" so this is too short already
You won't be getting any mosin for $150 now, unless is a gunsmith special, or a steal from someone who is stuck is the late 2000's
Of course, the rail is M-LOK. So you either need a mlok pic rail section, or maybe a mlok to sling swivel if you are mounting it that way
Any weapon bribe is still good. Also 35 matches of infected only takes like 90 minutes. Plus, you should have all the guns by now if you paid attention, did the orders and completed the collections when you had a chance.
well if you want AC more than new content, open them before the event. I got a lot of new items so I didn't get the dupe AC.
But there is no need to rubberband. There is no kicker in infected, and other modes that do have a kicker, just rubber banding and spinning and walking will not prevent a kick anyway.
Are many suppressors rated for 5.5" .300 BLK? I see most want 8" min.
AFK infected and be done within 90 minutes....
These are $12 on Chinese sites, and $18 on Amazon
You could earn every gun in the game either through orders or collections. No rng required
Dat LOP doe
You have to be the one that kills the zombie who drops it
Nope, we had at least 3 going at once earlier
well, it's any, except collection variants, base variants, and the "special challenge only" guns (Bar, Lewis, Bren, Combat shotty....)
Where did you hear 100 supply drops from? that was never a thing. All you get is a blue arrow and a shiny underline under your name in the HQ. Not even in pre and post game lobby. And you cant even see your own.
TLDR; $180 and $290 aluminum pistol cases. $700 for rifle.
I... I don't get it
No brace = virgin
Absolute madman
I made 2 orders, no issues. Every bank and CC should have fraud protection
No m4 profile barrels allowed in MD. Only HBAR for new builds
I guess that's the gray area of intent.
To make scary guns more expensive?
I wish rear monopods weren't so damn expensive.
Advanced rifling does work in the firing range.
Works also, but advanced rifling doesn't work the same on shotguns as other guns. It actually reduces damage over range, but extends the range.
I'm going to make one that says "A Dom jeep" and an arrow pointing down, so when I get killcam on shipment it will be funny.
I did a manual check for updates and mine is ready!
If they were more visible and easier to see they would be worthless.
Don't use it on shipment. It's not good when you encounter several people that close together.
Thanks. Yea I know about all those braces, the pap actually came with a sbpdw that I put on my 300 blk pistol and swapped the kak from that. The blade is useable and very light.
for real. No one was making .300 BLK ammo even close to them in 2016. I paid ~32 CPR for 147 gr. shipped. Everyone knocks reman, but the cheapest new brass was over 55 CPR. On a 1000 round case that was nearly $230 cheaper. Yea if you want .223 or 9mm you can find new cheap, but there is no new 300 BLK anywhere close to reman costs.
Season pass is for a discount on the DLC maps only.
If you just got the game now, then yes. Or by completing collections. Nearly all the new guns (except the current ones, and the 2 revolvers) have either been a reward for completing a contract or special order, the rest were part of collections you could complete. So you could still earn everything still without replying on RNG.
Of course, but part of being an adult is balancing risk vs reward. Saving hundreds of dollars with a tiny risk of damage seemed like a decent trade off. I do dozens of things a day that have far better odds of hurting me, but such is life.
Make sure you stay away from kitchen knives. I'm sure you are far more likely to hurt your hands with a knife than shooting reman ammo.
Or just block someone in the lobby and you wont go back...
Because even though some of the vocal minority say its a "much higher likelihood" the odds of still very very low. Many thousands more times likely to get seriously injured driving to the range than shooting reman ammo.
No, the function isn't. But the very tiny chance of it is
To earn crates. Stocking up credits is worthless if you can't convert them to items
Or, you can buy every bribe, and still get every DLC gun by saving crates. At this point, ever chance I get to guarantee a new item I take it. I'd rather buy 5 hats and get 10 other randoms chances then have the 25k credits. They are useless if you don't spend them, and by saving crates and getting dupes you can easily get all the new DLC items.
At a certain point of each event, or between events, its a bad idea to open crates. Once you complete the collections, and get a few event bribes, and you have 95% of the other content, just save them. The odds of getting something new is so small its almost a waste not to save them until new content is dropped.
Yes, or you can save up your crates and get 75% of the collections, and 35k in credits from dupes and buy them. So why even bother saving credits when you can do both?
Heroic weapon bribe is literally the most valuable crate
Additional QD mounts are almost $300? Am I seeing that right?
Why? 7.5" is fine
Deal breaker
Except you won't get nearly any benefits of AFKing, except maybe one commend
Nothing other than the name and roll mark. https://youtu.be/Cu8JEp9rJw0
Maybe a tiny bit, but no where near 3 times better to justify 3-4 times the cost. Nearly all the extra "worth" is from the name
I do own one. And if I buy another stripped lower it will be Anderson most likely
A mil-spec lower....
Decent range plinking subsonic .300 BLK. Either 200 or 220 gr. FMJ or TMJ. ~500 rds
YHM Resonator is still the same price it was a month ago. Doesn't look like "all" their prices. The price is set by your local dealer.
Its not hard to disable the grip safety. Mine is disabled by a rubber grip with finger groove.
Add in $125 transfer, and the extra time / effort it takes to not use silencer shop, and the discount quickly diminishes. But still a good deal.
Is there any micro red dot &lt;$100 that isn't worthless. Picked up a Ruger MKiii with a rail and want a tiny dot for it, but don't want to waste time on junk $20 chinese if it cant even handle .22 LR. Are the only worthwhile micro dots for pistols all $200?
Every shop in my state charges that. And if you don't buy through SS, isn't it $40 to use their kiosk for prints and the photo?
Im at 40 days and my check isn't even cashed yet :( I didn't even start waiting yet.
Resonator is still too new for the public to get their hands on it. But so far everything looks very promising. the YHM Turbo was great, and this is a similar design, but .30 cal. The QD system is pretty good, and new mounts can be had for $65. I chose it for my first can, and it's going to be used on .300 BLK, .308, and 5.56
I asked basically the same question as you a few months ago. A lot of people like the sandman S and recommended it. I went with the Resonator. The resonator has some of the best dB reduction, and way better than anything else in its price range. Here is some 5.56 through various cans. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCEkylp8HRA&amp;feature=youtu.be Numbers taken at the muzzle of a 11.5" 5.56mm SBR using M855: Suppressor|AVG DB Reading --------------------------------|-------------------------------------- Rugged Razor 7.62|140.45 db Thunder Beast 556 Takedown|137.75 db Energetic Armament Vox|140.75 db Dead Air Sandman-S|140.8 db YHM Turbo|136.45 db YHM Resonator|135.25 db SiCo Omega|138.7 db Sig 556 TI QD|136.8 db
Yea, but when people say if you add rapid fire, you can make it competitive (-6% TTK), they ignore the fact you can add rapid fire to the PPSH to it still holds the same advantage. Which SMG is worse?
I don't think durability is an issue on any can, other than some ratcheting QD mounts. Any decent can will take several thousands of rounds before they even start to degrade.
I believe you are going to shoot out your barrel and a few thousand dollars worth of ammo because you need to think about your can wearing out. But I guess full auto from a short barrel might reduce that, most people aren't doing it.
&gt;fuddy aught six &gt;Kryptek camo Pick one.
Wouldn't the [$700 Evo](http://www.peakfirearms.com/cz-scorpion-evo-3-s1-pistol-9mm-od-green-91355.html) + [$250 for the tailhook bace kit](https://www.yetiwurks.com/products/scorpion-tailhook-adapter-kit) be $100 cheaper?
Because I'm against when guns are able to thrive far outside of their intended use.
&gt;Having been convicted of no crimes, the only crime that they've had was to show up at the border and surrender themselves for asylum in the United States. That is not the case for those detained in Maryland, or they wouldn't have been in Maryland in the first place. There is a difference between going to the border and seeking asylum, and illegally ending and trying to get away with it until you are caught, then claim you are here for asylum.
eh, was trying to make a joke about the clearance around the grip.
Well I meant as the guaranteed unique item. There is still 2 other random items
Any of these work great https://www.hogueinc.com/grips/glock Just get the right one depending on length of the grip, and if its single / double. The ones they make for the XD are designed to allow the grip safety to work, the Glock Models block it.
NP, dont blame me if you shoot your dick off.
[Coincidence?](https://i.imgur.com/ApIwu1g.png)
&gt;Iceland has ~340,000 citizens, ~100,000 guns, and an ownership rate just over 30%. Doesn't seem right. 30% of 340k is 102k. So if 30% owned just one gun that would be over 100k guns. But I'd assume a decent portion of gun owners have multiple.
Mailed 5/18, still not cashed **EDIT:** Just got the e-mail. I am cashed 6/22. 5 weeks total
Don't do jumping jacks. Either chicken, or stand still. A lot of people will ignore you because they know you are AFK and wont recipricate the commend.
Test it over 20 nights then see, One night each is way too small of a test size to mean anything. There is a large variable. Depends how many fresh people enter your lobby vs how many are just sitting AFK also. Plus a lot of SS comes from random rewards for watching crates. I've been verified for over a month now.
It has been more of a recap. They will just repost the patch notes from Tuesday, and talk about DLC 3...
Yes. The FMJ you get from armoured just brings the penetration back to where it was pre-patch. then FMJ brings it's back to where it was with FMJ also.
PTRS can already one shot anywhere through light cover. Either FMJ or armoured lets you get 1 shot through medium, and running both you can go through the 3rd class of wall. But thats not really necessary. Extended mags, ballistic comp, and extended mags are more use on that gun.
because you didn't have those variants already....
well, depends on how many variants you are missing. If you are missing 10 sniper variants, pretty good you wont get the lever action ones.
I'd like to see a comparison to their PA-10.
Doesn't sound very fun just killing afk players
&gt; Israeli carry Why
I'm not looking to lecture, just looking for the reasons why someone is comfortable enough to carry a gun, but doesn't trust either their gun or themselves with a round in the chamber Also, have you been practicing chambering a round one handed, or on such an adrenaline rush you can't properly work your fingers? Practicing short stroking the slide and not actually chambering a round, aiming and firing in defense of your life and hearing the pin drop on an empty chamber?
typical for DAO
Carried round chambered from day one. It's the most logical
25
&gt;Receive XP while Securing hardpoint zones &gt;Receive XP while Escorting Tank and at Tank Checkpoints How every division should have been from the start.
In war, only the last percent actually gives any bonus.
It would have only taken 2 people to throw nades, or one person with sabatour or expeditionary..
Seems to not upset the intended design....
If you swap weapons after you're stuck you can survive
What can and mount? I have a RGS I plan on suppressing with my YHM Resistor comes in. But I hear some people say the shoulder is too small and it can cause the suppressor to not be concentric and give baffle strikes. Did you do any special checks to make sure against that?
Graphical only. In game you get the p08. I guess you didn't even test it before you figured out it broke the game?
Thats a totally different glitch. he said he can run 2 primaries. That glitch lets you add an attachment to your secondary in Calvary division.
Thats it. Go in a game, you will pull out the base p-08.
why didn't you buy it with AC? Also you had a chance to earn something like 25 undead bribes, which you clearly didn't earn.
There was 4 "big 5x bribes". Plus others from bribes and contracts. thats 25 unique items. There is only 28 in the collections plus a few camos. If you saved your crates before the event like you were supposed to, plus earned all the bribes, you would for sure have everything.
But to answer your question. No you cant get the base, or undead variant, butt here is still 2 other variants you can get from regular crates. Start saving now for the next event.
Looks like they were saying dont use direct thread, and that QD would be fine. But there is a mix of conflicting information. The guy "Ringer" said &gt;When you thread the cyclone, about 1/4 inch of the can protrudes backwards over the barrel, which would definitely contact the front sight on any GSR. The tighter you screwed it on, the more the top portion of the sight would press on the suppressor, which would angle it slightly down and give you baffle strikes. But then he said he had no issues at the range the next day. I just got a reply back from YHM and he said &gt;Yes, there is an issue. &gt;The Ruger Gunsite Scout has a thin barrel. Just as you read, because the barrel is to thin, it is impossible to get a good shoulder mount with the QD mount. &gt;Sorry, but the QD mount will simply not work with the Ruger Gunsite Scout barrel. So thats bad news for me :(
I see that, but I wanted to see what it looked like up close, I can't zoom in on the video, and there isn't much detail
Bought: 5/16 Form 3 approved: 5/18 Form 4 mailed: 5/18 Check cashed: 6/22 I used the kiosk the day I bought, and they had the check in the mail 2 days later, pretty fast.
"one of the best" aka 4th....
&gt;a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions. He assuming (based on his race) that he voted for trump, and that makes him a piece of shit. Sounds like he is pretty intolerant to me.
Don't you know, only far left snowflakes can be social justice warriors against the police overstepping. Just mentioning an intolerant asshole is being a bigot is enough to make you literally Hitler also.
The hypocrisy yea...
Just remember, the AR10 has a longer top rail than the AR15, so you have more slots to adjust on. Every time I see the SPR mount on and AR10, it's almost fully to the rear. I never understand why people want this long cantilever mount, but then mount it all the way back. The point of cantilever mounts is to be able to extend it in front of your receiver. I think extended gives you more flexibility. [My PA10 with Aero Extended](https://i.imgur.com/yGtpsm6.jpg) Positioned right in the middle, with the ocular lens right over the charging handle.
Shoot them.
Are these legally allowed on sidewalks or the streets?
No. As someone else pointed out in this thread, it's not reasonable to be tolerant of all intolerance.
Maybe I don't get it, but what makes these stocks worth over 5 times a traditional stock? I get the mlok, but what do you ever run but a bipod and sling? And adjustable butt make it how much is gained vs the cost...
&gt;Police arrest you for stealing That makes police Nazis...Wut....
I do think that it shouldn't be a crime to call police Nazis, and that the theft wasn't racially motivated, but you are still a piece of shit racist if you call white police Nazis just because they are white and police.
Well, if drawing a weapon is enough to make the threat turn and run, there is no reason to shoot, the threat is already ended.
&gt;Barrel Length Restrictions: none https://ruggedsuppressors.com/product/surge-762/ So as long as your handguard has a larger than 1.5" internal diameter, you can run any size barrel length. and have the can partially covered.
10.5" then. the next common length is 8.5", but that wouldn't let you get to the locking collar. [10.5" gives you ~1" of barrel beyond your handguard](https://palmettostatearmory.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/370x370/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/5/1/516446392.jpg) the last .5" is the thread really, so if you wanted 100% of the thread exposed so you can lock down the can, the absolute min. would be 9.5" barrel, but they don't make that commonly.
Because you can get a .308 in a short action which is better.
They both use the same size frame in a bolt action. .308 has ~800-1000 higher ft/lb energy, very similar speed and drop. .308 is often cheaper. The point of the grendel is to get a bigger round in the standard AR frame, if you are running a short action bolt, it loses its biggest benefit. Sure 6.5 grendel is enough to kill any game in North America, but it doesn't do anything noticeably better than .308
It amazes me that people that play war still do not know this. This hiding spot works 95% of the time, and even if you know about it, it's still hard to kill them.
265k unique people played in xbox alone just yesterday.... That's dead how?
There were bribes that gave 3x collection items, plus I think I spent a little on the collections to complete them. Even though the game was still early, I already had a useless amount of credits. I was expecting anything really, but I do know they have unreleased guns.
Wish this was 18" not 22". that 4" difference when I add an 8" can + mount is a big deal when hunting
That doesn't say anything about new content. It's old content again. "More to come" hardly means anything new, might just mean they will half-ass redo the old events.
Meh I'd pass on the Remington. I recently bought a Ruger American Predator 18" .308, haven't shot it yet, but its decent for the price. I paid $325 new.
There are no "regulated" guns in MD anymore. You can own any legal AR15 at 18 years of age. You just need to be 21 for handgun, stripped receiver, or "firearm" (aka shockwave). $25 is about as good as it'll get in MD
Not right now, but look into the HBAR exemption for AR's It says this is banned &gt;Colt AR-15, CAR-15, and all imitations except Colt AR-15 Sporter H-BAR rifle So the interpretation is any HBar Ar (copycat of the colt) is legal under that exemption, and no different than a 22lr rifle.
I briefly looked into it when I was out of state and saw a gun show, didn't even bother going after I saw the hassle
Sadly PSA will only send stripped lowers to MD, for no good reason, so that's off the table. I tried to buy a PA10 compete lower, which is legal and 18+, but they cancelled my order. Said I could buy a stripped lower, and a lower parts kit, but their policy is not to shop any completed lowers to MD to avoid any possible laws. Of course he could buy completed elsewhere. A spikes or PSA stripped lower goes for $80-100 in most MD shops
I guess that would be legal and shops would be willing. The whole thing is silly, can't get stripped because you might build a pistol (illegally) but you can get the same exact receiver with a buffer tube and stock and be fine
Back in topic, 12 ga isn't the best for HD, and unless you shoot clays, or gets old fast at the range, atleast for me. Do you have any experience with guns? Maybe a 10/22. You can mod it, and make it however you want. Not good for HD, the top recommendations for that now is 5.56 AR
Yup. They are less dangerous
From what I saw, anything stamped hbar, or the manufacturer says is heavy profile. As far as I know, no one has gotten in trouble for making a non-hbar after 2013. I have a m4 profile that was grandfathered in, and no one has ever given it a second look.
I guess as long as your lower was bought before October 2013, you could put any upper on it and no one could prove otherwise.
Not under 21. You still need to wait the 7 days also
How many different brands and weights of ammo did you try before jumping into this adventure?
I'd rather have a $99 prostaff when they are on sale and $20 vortex rings
.17 hmr is better in so many ways
So you miss out on the worn out night sights, but you get a brand new gun with no wear, and 2 extra mags for $20 more. There shouldn't be any argument.
Are you going to post it? I only see you abusing a broken mechanic spawn killing people with no thumbs in this clip
Oh thanks, I see that now. Looks like 35 minute round trip and $5 a person per way. Sounds much nicer than sitting in a bus.
I love this gun, but can't justify spending that much. Plus I've heard that the 5.5" barrel makes it loud as hell, even with a can.
Ya, tac nuts, putting a fleshlight in the pistol brace, probably thousands of vfg "firearm" questions
yea... a winter supply drop
&gt; Grenade spam is just part of the game don't see why people keep complain about it. There is no fix for it That simply isn't true. You can balance it by not giving everyone a free lethal and tactical, or making nades be on a timer, not just instantly resupply on death. Nothing worse than playing shipment and getting hit with 2 nades, surviving, kill the guy, then he respawns and throws 2 more instantly. One person can throw 4 nades / satchels within the time it takes me to heal.
How sure which rings those are, but you can get Vortex rings for [less than $20 on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Vortex-Optics-Hunter-1-inch-Riflescope/dp/B003GSOKDG/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1544555155&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=vortex+scope+rings)
Ya but that's lame. Let's just give everyone nukes then too. Spammin nades takes very little skill.
Well it's official, Dundalk belongs to the city now...
Not worth it to make new slides / frames for less than 10% of the market
&gt;Yea lefty. Go back to ~~leftganistan~~ **Lefthandistan**
I've heard that none beyond April have been approved yet. Back when I filed it was steady around 180 days, now its well into the 220's
https://www.nfatracker.com/nfa-transfer-time-tracking/ if you don't already know. Its all self reported .
You can call and see. I'm trying to hold out and call after the new year to see how I'm progressing.
And this is why I'd never play hardcore
Cod hasn't been alive on pc in years. It's a console game
Still says the same thing, even when I use all caps.
I almost tried that, but gave up
None of this event stuff is new. We got half the stuff from the original event
How is this worth twice the cost of a PA10 with the same stock and 18" stainless barrel?
No, but if you have to jack your price up 2x to cover the warranty, you must be taking a lot of claims. A good company with a good product will warranty their stuff, but rarely need to take claims in.
So many other better ARs in this price range that are far better equipped. Dpms still pricing their bottom tier AR like it's 2010...
Ok, but are they better than vortex for half the price?
I love kershaw, and the leek is a great small assisted opener. The biggest downside of the pocket clip carries so far out of the pocket, almost an inch is going up be exposed above your pocket
Not a ton, both are far better than $30 Amazon scopes. You can tell the difference, but I don't think the crossfire is going to cause you to miss a deer that the Diamondback wouldn't. If you have the extra $50 a spens, do it. But I'd bet 95% of people would be better severed buying 2-3 boxes of their quality hunting ammo and putting another 40-60 rounds down the range than sinking that money into a slightly better scope. I can tell you I just bought a factory refurb nikon prostaff 4-12x40 for $81 shipped, and dollar for dollar it's a better scope, but only has a 90 day warranty, but no biggie on something so cheap.
Because within a few hundred yards the ballistics for similar enough for range use, and also good enough for other things.
Repost when you do all the weapons
Not from anywhere close to Baltimore. Hi-points run $170+ around here
Any chance we can get an update of some of bugs that actually affect gameplay?
the 10 rd isn't single stack, its just a different mag that has a dimple to limit it to 10 rds. TP9SF is a great value, even at closer to $350-$400 now. [FDE $337+ shipping](https://www.g4gguns.com/products/handguns-century-hg4070dn-787450432567-322)
You need a brace my guy
That's why you have so much muzzle rise. It's even hard to hold a solid cheek weld
Wonder why they even bought it, just to post about it? It's not a firearm, or even an accessory. It's 100% unregulated and even a minor can buy it
Of all the things that didn't happen, this didn't happen the most.
Lol heard dozens of people from several forums saying this... Until they found out it was a 2 mag limit
Because 300 blk doesn't gain much from long barrels, at 16" you are getting 95+% powder burn and energy. A longer barrel just adds length and weight for very little advantage. Also 300 BLK from a bolt action is more quiet than a semi auto. People use it as a range toy / hunting game. Some use it on deer with supers, but it's great for hogs with subs also.
None of those supress as well as 300 blk, nor give the same energy from a 8" barrel. Those are the main points of this round.
It'll be the same as any short action RAR, if you find that
I think you don't know how little barrel length affects velocity, bullet drop, or accuracy
Found the guy the works at Activision....
Ok, with my 925 level and [with my kd](https://i.imgur.com/gT2tTxU.jpg) I doubt anyone is going to have proof that I am I fake ass
Hardly, spm is a joke and false. Look at your overall dom spm compared to mine. Mine is artificially deflated in gun game afk
Your stats are [dead ass trash](https://i.imgur.com/JCowTld.jpg) no wonder you are mad...
You got 15 and lost and had a negative kd and are proud? I went 42-0 and won and got 75,000 xp and you are mad? I don't get why you think your are better... Because you struggle with no friends and lost with no xp?
Because spm means nothing. Mine is artificially lowered. You never won a gun fight against me
I went afk in gun game for several days to lower my spm... How do you think a level 925 that always places top with 10,000-18,000 score, and has over 3 kd has a low spm... On purpose
And there it is, the root of you hate. Immaturity and scubitism
Well I did it at the time to complete orders and to lower my spm before matchmaking was fully understood
AKA the guy with no friends that lost and went negative and didn't earn a tenth of my xp, ok. I'm fine being the bad guy if it means I win and do better than you
I lied about what? I posted both mine and your kd and level. I've got over a 6.75kd with 35k kills on commando
No. It's not retroactive, you already missed all 6 of them
Hi point will mail you a spring, or any small part for free. No questions asked. I bought a carbine with a broken firing pin for $50, had it fixed in a week for free.
Looks like a brass casing, not a bullet
These are less than $10 fron aliexpress....
And....?
They have several different cat-walks that it could have been. Probably a sedimentation tank, where air is pumped into the slurry of waste to separate out the heavy solids. You fall in, and sink like a stone because of the air bubbles. There is almost no saving you, even if someone see's you fall in. They have life rings on the railings, but they are useless. **EDIT** She fell through a rotten cat walk into the flow of the grit channel/tanks and ended up at the fine screen down stream. The condition of the structure was reported unsafe to management 2 years ago by workers apparently.
Careful, someone might red flag you for that
you forgot the /s. Look how well that attitude has been working out for Baltimore the past few decades.
My pa10 with 18" and magpul acs-l stock is 36.5" collapsed. So 20" would be ~38.5" to the end of threads, plus flash hider / brake. I use this case such is 40" interior Flambeau Outdoors 6500AR Tactical AR Case, Large https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00C3MFDKK/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_1CQ-Cb9P22SA1
Well that's good he pronounced his last name, but he even called the gun "gar-and" eventually
I jumped off the "bridge" onto what I thought was solid ground, but there was 1 block missing where I landed, and fell about 30 blocks down.
By the time i realized what happened, I already smacked the ground. My back up plan in the nether, when I dont feel like preemptively taking a fire resistance potion, is to eat the enchanted apples real quick if I fall in a lava lake.
actually it looks like it was only 12 block down, but if I didn't randomly fall on that brick, I would have went all the way to the bottom.
I usually just keep it in my off hand in the over-world. I was just bored so I went down a random portal and was wondering around. Its a locator map, so I can see other players on the realm.
I leave 3 unmined blocks between tunnels. Plus, once you get fortune 3, an hour of mining can easily yield half a stack or more. And on servers, you can trade for diamonds for other things. Someone people spend a lot of time mining, and are willing to trade ores for other less common things.
Yes like that. Because more often than not diamond and ores are 2 wide. That means OXXXOXXXO would yield OXDDOXXO (Where D is Diamond) and you still see it. Yes there is a 33% chance of missing a single wide seam(if it happens to fall in the middle 3rd row), but since you cover 33% more area, you more than make up for that for the times that it happens.
The 1-6 gets good reviews for the cost, which is just a touch more. I should have pulled the trigger when they had the last rebate for $125 shipped, but didn't
yea. A lot of basic redstone is just logic gates.
$90 on black Friday? These go on sale often on eBay for $80-90 with pins
$90 shipped from brownells 2 weeks ago, with pins https://gun.deals/product/rise-armament-super-sport-trigger-single-stage-curvedflat-drop-35lb-8999-shipped-coupon-ndx
Except you can have a working suppressor for under $250 including the tax stamp in less than 3 weeks wait for a form 1. Compared to $500 and 10+ month wait for a form 4.
A lot of people use these on 22. They aren't as good as a professional can, but they do work and are a fraction of the cost, plus form 1 is much faster
Not a low cap 45. Get a 9mm with 20 rounds
Great optic. Also, theses have been $130 shipped from PSA very often lately, temp sold out now though. https://gun.deals/product/vortex-strikefire-ii-14399-shipped
Thanks, I was booked at the "buy one get one 50%" sale, which was $49. I cancelled and rebooked for $46. Saved $35 in 10 minutes.
Mag fed shotties should use both the tube and the mag. That could easily hold 10 rounds if they figured it out
That was including shipping
Scared to put the price in the title?
So half the reflex sights have ADS penality, and the others are too small to measure?
Dont think that is true. There are several youtube videos on it, and none say that.
I did it first try on shoothouse. Spawned at C laid a claymore watching the forklift flank. Went back to flag Killed 2 coming from the junkyard killed one with claymore, moved to reset it, and instantly killed someone. Killed another at junk, and it was over. Mounting on the wall at A might be easier, and just shoot mid lane.
Hardly. Having both players jump and one shot off spawn on Atrium is faster.
Close, the bullet is actually 5.70mm. Bullets need to be slightly larger than the barrel so they can engage with the rifling.
You're lucky, in my tourny we are third with 19000 kills
Better seats. If the row is 3 wide, and I am with someone, and want an asile seat, they are limited. Also, you have a chance to pick the 3rd person in your row. Would you rather have a small person that looks ready to sleep, or a huge 300 lb man? Also overhead storage fills up quickly.
Except when it actually happened to me (well tree debris fell out) and I actually had pictures of an uncovered dumpster with branches hanging out. They told me they wont do anything, and my insurance needs to cover it anyway.
Same. So I went into shoothouse / shipment and did knife only and went like 4x negative for 5 games. That made FFA still campy, but the players were basic newbs and it was easier to win.
It will still scramble their mini-map, but it will not mess up their HUD like when its right over head. I think the area of affect is the size of the circle when calling it in, about the width (short side) of shoothouse.
But surviving a 7.62 round point blank to the head is ok? Its about balance. If the perk didn't save you, it wouldn't be as good as overkill or cold blodded.
sticking is harder than shooting a rocket near someone.
So you want to ruin the balance of the perk just so its easier to get launcher camos?
At the ear maybe, but not at the muzzle that much. Cant imagine a .300 BLK from a 8" barrel is louder than a .308" from a 20" at the muzzle.
As long so the OAL not including the brace is &gt;26" its ok to but a VFG on it. It then becomes a "firearm".
No
Haha that was me you killed. I was using an ebr, I got you once then you laid down and I couldn't connect again
My name is Elmo then the smiley face https://i.imgur.com/BUzncoZ.png
There is no live stream link there though.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvCSr7qzAAM&amp;feature=emb_logo **EDIT** the covereage of the rally isn't live right now.
Because most times you need to pull a gun in self defense its going to be a handgun, not a rifle.
Looks dangerously close to modifying the brace in a way to change it's original purpose
Which attachments?
no
Anyone with a brace that doesn't want to have the "opinion" changed because people pushing it beyong the limits?
I dunno, but that was their excuse for making us wait months for it.
because people play HC to grind challenges with junk guns, and care less about their KD.
M4 still best AR, MP5 still best SMG.
a 40 year old model is the modern equivalent?
Its just an imaginary version of a burst 1911 really.
Sure, but that doesn't mean it's modern. My whole point was to call out someone saying a 40 year old handgun isn't modern, even though the design is still used in games
Who ever said all their bullets are rubber? Do people really think they don't have live (lethal) ammo?
Wouldn't binoculars be a better fit? Range finders are for measuring distance, not scouting.
Your pistol can be any OAL, you can have a 30" barrel and no stock and still be a pistol. Put any muzzle device on it you want.
She's going to win. Simply because she's the most well known black woman Dem running. That is literally the only reason
Now do the list of black people in Maryland killed by other black people. Or do those black lives matter less?
Nice try glow boy
&gt;Putting him on the same level as Freddie Grey. You mean the guy that intentionally banged his head on the wall of the wagon to frame the cops, but went too far and killed himself? That death shouldn't be counted either.
No way. He couldn't even get a form 1 back that quick
Wrong. A non-hbar bought in 2015 is banned
Yes he did, in someone else's replies.
$2600? This looks like a $400 build
Stripped lower is an other, not a firearm. And still requires an FFL.
crap. I just grinded 18 tickets yesterday with 2XP on, but not happy hour.
No. Not even top 3
Sure, but they are just saying they will not enforce the illegal laws set by the state.
So who are you going to vote for that actually has a chance to win and is less anti-2A?
Isn't it like $500 to get the 1913 mount, the acr stock, the adapter, and then the actual brace?
&gt;HQL requirement for pistols, Just get a stripped lower and build a pistol. No HQL required, no hbar
Beyond the hackers that are 100% on PC, i shouldn't be forced to play with people with a higher FOV, and refresh rate. Not to mention keyboard advantage.
M13 ttk too slow within 40m. No one has time to land 13 body shots to kill
That's not a real advanced uav. It never says it in game. There is no definitive answer on how it works, but it shows location and direction of everyone with or without ghost if they are outside a certain range. Inside that ghost protects you. Warzone doesn't have a advanced uav, your just call it that because it shows direction, but it's not
It's exactly what i said, they were like 50m away and using ghost, so calling in 3 won't show them. But everyone one else, with or without ghost still shows. Stop wrongly calling it advanced uav. It's not
So I assume since most LGS's I know already refused to relase on day 8 with no response, they still aren't. How long should we accept that? a week? a year?
What's the thought on shark fin legality on a AK pistol? It would be a hand stop right?
$33 cheaper a year ago... No thanks
Get a better brace than the shockwave. I have it and several others and it's literally a bottom tier brace. Pony up a little more for the SBA3 so it's quickly adjustable also.
Why not? Deer hunting within 150 yrd, kinetic energy and velocity loss aren't significant enough. Yet you can save length and weight. People really out here hunting deer at 100 yrd with a 20-22"" barrels for no reason. When you add a suppressor that's 8" you don't want to carry at long ass gun through the woods. I use a 16" 308 bolt with a can, and got my range &lt;200 yrd, I'd prefer 12-14" really. In 300 BLK id go short as 8", but wouldn't hunt deer with that.
