Error 404: Life Not Found
Free games in "Top Sellers", i'm having trouble processing that Did they count downloads or microtransaction purchases through Steam? Maybe both? Or is it based on something else?
It depends how you look at it. Though it specifically says "most simultaneous players" and not "concurrent players", between which there is a slight difference, i think. Warframe hit 121k+ peak this year, and steadily grows the number of concurrent players over time *for years*, which is probably the reason why it's among the winners. But unlike PUBG, it's not just flavor of the month, it withstood the test of time. Maybe PUBG will as well, but it remains to be seen. Again, i have no idea how winners were determined. And most awards are bullshit anyway, so whatever. I'm just still somewhat annoyed by PUBG as a phenomenon, because in my eyes it's completely mediocre. It's maybe an interesting experience that a lot of people enjoy, but from the art standpoint it's completely worthless in my eyes, which for me is a major factor directly contributing to said experience. In short, it's fucking ugly.
It's not even about graphics, but the artstyle or lack thereof. You can make a charming game without it being taxing on the hardware, if you utilize resources properly. Well, i'm glad people enjoy it. In the end, it's all that matters. I'm just more of a snob, i guess. And not much into PvP to begin with...
You looked up their current positions which aren't constant, Warframe beats TF2 when it comes to most simultaneous players, which peaked at 117k back in 2012 (first months of TF2). Although it's still up there, doing pretty well, TF2 hasn't been above 100k since 2014. Rainbow Six Siege is quite recent in comparison, and is still beaten by Warframe when it comes to most concurrent players (peak). Since it's awards for *2017*, i assume that they were based on how games performed during this year specifically. Just a couple examples. And hey, Rainbow Six Siege is there among winners, along with CS:GO, GTAV, ARK, PUBG, H1Z1 and such. It says "OVER 100,000 SIMULTANEOUS PLAYERS" right there, so all these games qualify. Winners either peaked over 100k this year or maintained 100k+ concurrent players throughout the year. As for the "Top Sellers", i guess Warframe is doing far better than you think. From what i've seen in the past couple years, game earns quite a bit of money for DE.
Well, i have already mentioned Fortnite. "AAA" becomes more of a stigma than a mark of quality, so i simply don't use it anymore. It's one of those terms that lost their meaning over last couple years. But i see what you mean.
&gt; I grew to hate this name as it makes us, a special human with the ability to shoot lasers and the ability to control a warframe, seem less cool. Well, it's an opinion territory. Some people think that it's cool, others don't. Either way, Tenno **are** teenagers. Around 15-17 years, perhaps. I don't include cryosleep period, since Tenno pretty much weren't alive during that time, sealed in their Transference pods on Lua. Once awake, though... It's still not confirmed whether they physically age, or if Transference slows down aging. If they do, then Zariman 10-0 incident happened when they were around 8-11 years old. Considering that Tenno fought in the Old War until its conclusion. Hell, they even were able to establish their own culture, disciplines like Focus. That takes quite a bit of time. It's reasonable to assume that some Tenno are older than others, and there could've been the actual toddlers on the ship who might've survived until it was recovered. Other than that, teens can grow up really fast, depending on genetics, ration and physical activity. Some resemble a mature person when they're only 16. And that's in our current days. Considering all the scientific wonders Orokin Empire achieved and natural evolution (Warframe is set at least millennia in future)... Let's say that amount of possible explanations for this is over 9000.
Trinity would be perfect for that. Nun and pope, forbidden love.
Please don't be a poorly researched article, please don't be a poorly researched article, please don't be a poorly researched article, please don't be a poorly researched article, lease don't be a poorly researched article...
They aren't entirely useless, but unlike health, you can't reinforce them, or optimize your build around them in any meaningful way. Shields are useful until enemies become strong enough to destroy them in one or couple shots. After that... not so much
They're kinda like sisters or something
I seriously want this now. I hope they actually invite Shy on a record session at some point and make an official voice pack.
It was a joke, i hope she doesn't mind. If she does, then that probably makes me a dick, but i certainly didn't intend to offend anyone, my sense of humor is just a little out there. I wasn't joking about the Cephalon Shy voice pack, though. I want it.
You're underestimating power of the Orokin engineered fish oil!
I'm pretty sure they don't have problems with water. The only reason we can't swim on the Plains is because it wasn't programmed/animated. Lore-wise, warframes probably can do that, and just like with gymnastics, they must be incredibly good at it. I really want seamless sharkwing transition when you fly into a lake, with underwater treasure, caves and stuff. And one day developers might add swimming animation for warframes, so that stupid "fuck you, i'm teleporting back" upon touching the water could be removed.
It's only magnetized during the night, when Eidolons awaken. Pretty sure it was done so developers won't have to bother with swimming and making underwater biomes when Plains were still in development, even without that PoE still seemed rushed. All this could be added in future, just like new Eidolon types and bounties.
This picture always makes me laugh, it's really hard not to
Best mess of all time
It's either that or learning the hard way, which is something some people really enjoy. PoE is a perfect game for people who likes theorycraft, but a nightmare for anyone who hates math.
Well, mostly just stated the obvious :V I didn't play PoE that much, it takes too much dedication for me to properly learn it, i'm way too casual for this type of game. But i enjoyed my time with it quite a bit, it's a really good game that knows what it wants to be and what its core audience wants from it, and as such doesn't seem to suffer from some of the issues that Warframe development goes through. Then again, it's a more focused game for a pretty specific demographic, Warframe is ultimately trying to appeal to a larger crowd, which comes with its own challenges.
&gt; they are not, 24 max Huh, someone told me they were, i created a dozen and didn't encounter a limit, so i thought it was indeed the case
&gt; Once was enough. Two games in a row is embarrassing I guess it's their... Destiny.
I'm still not entirely convinced that Murray misled people intentionally and for profit. After all, he seemed genuinely enthusiastic about the game, his lack of experience coupled with overwhelming attention from the media led to this situation. Who knows, maybe they've planned everything we see in these major updates prior to release, but didn't have time to implement it. Maybe he thought that they had time for these features, and was so sure that they're gonna make that he just confirmed them in the interviews. In my eyes, the fact that they didn't just take money and walked away, improving the game instead for free, trying to make it into what was initially promised, warrants the benefit of the doubt. We should learn to forgive, otherwise what's the point for companies to even attempt redeeming themselves? On the other hand, NMS also served as yet another proof to the fact that pre-ordering games is a bad idea. Sean Murray suffered from the "Molyneux Syndrome", but had enough sense to stay away from the press afterwards.
Let me guess, Glassdoor? Take their reviews with a grain of salt, since it's not particularly hard to forge one. Even if it sounds realistic.
So it was supposed to be bigger after all.
And so, position of the Head of Narrative Development was open... Until it wasn't.
Nek Norris
I remember devs saying in some old devstream that grenades would overlap with warframe abilities, which in general already have similar functions (in Destiny, for example, grenade is an actual ability of your class), making balancing weapons and warframes even harder than it already is. Don't quote me on that, i barely remember what they actually said. It's not a bad idea, though. A lot has changed since then. Could be a bridge between regular weapons and abilities, spicing up combat a little and giving players more options. If you want "C4", there are Castanas and Talons.
Depends on the grenade type, really. It doesn't have to be a typical frag grenade, it could be a mini-blackhole that would suck in everyone in 10m radius for a short duration, radiation grenade that would act like low-range Chaos, stuff like this. There are a lot of possibilities. But it somewhat overlaps with existing abilities, and will probably have serious implications for the gameplay. Which isn't inherently bad, of course. It could actually be pretty awesome, if implemented properly.
It's not rumors, developers have quite literally stated that they're planning to make it a melee weapon players can build and use. Devstream #100 if i'm not mistaken.
Didn't catch that, my bad
Good, it's an awesome piece, thanks for sharing! Just wanted to make sure that someone isn't being an asshole, ended up being one
&gt; besides I'm more excited about that two handed katana they teased You can't imagine how hyped i am for that one.
It was said that we will be able to ride it just like that Ghoul does... Worth getting it just for that
I just remember seeing a similar post yesterday, wasn't aware of this meme. Is that a new meme?
&gt;...Of the female frames who don't have great cabooses, one of them (Titania) was made by another person, and one of them is a lobster. After finishing this sentence, i completely lost it
Not being such a snob might help :P
Range depends on weapon class, it was sorted out if i remember correctly. They're at least on part with their regular counterparts. Sentient Arm thing is supposed to be something else entirely. As for the modular guns, it all depends on implementation. Zaws haven't rendered other melee weapons useless, and for weapons that were already bad nothing has changed. I like variety this feature provides, and ability to create something truly your own.
My whole life in one sentence.
So if weapon doesn't OHKO enemies you don't even encounter on a regular basis, then it's some sort of conspiracy to make people spend money on Riven mods, correct? And you're misjudging general opinion on this weapon, it varies. It's a decent gun, easily acquirable if you keep up with the updates.
Weird, i haven't experienced this. Does it happen only with a particular animation set or faces?
Imagine being on the receiving end of that stream of glass shards. Brr.
I don't think players can do that outside of PvP environment.
That would be reasonable if that comment was about someone else's brain, i think.
People who constantly complain about Defection Edit: Also people who downvote me
I expect that, since Steve clearly stated that Zaws were just a beginning. I have a feeling that it's going to be secondaries this time.
I think that problem is the fact that each bounty loads its own slightly different version of the Plains, which will result in a loading screen upon starting new bounty. Of course it's still better than having to go back to Cetus that loads a shitload of other players and melts your PC. So yeah, i'd rather have one loading screen without having to return to Cetus, than two loading screens with laggy Cetus full of people i couldn't care less about between them. While we are on the subject of loading screens... we really need more of them. Landing craft somewhere in subspace makes no sense in many instances, like loading in and out of Simulacrum. Static images, thematic dioramas - whatever, just not the same crap all over again. It's jarring. Unrelated. Random small Ostron camps around the Plains would be nice, just to show that they have business there as well (scavenging, hunting, mining and researching stuff - we know that they're visiting the Plains, since during bounties we have to rescue them occasionally). Telling stories and playing space-guitar while sitting around the campfire. Along with that small checkpoints that will automatically call down arsenal enabler once you approach them, allowing player to swap or customize loadout.
A lot of what you've said is simply a matter of opinion. Bugs happen, yeah, but it's not like they were specifically designed as part of the experience. Which is important to recognize, since you're trying to prove that Landscape feature is objectively bad for the game in the long term, so much so that "we should stop DE" (using PoE as an example, of course). So i'd say that this particular point is irrelevant to the matter at hand. While there are plenty of flaws and questionable game design choices, it doesn't render whole endeavor a disaster as you seem to think. I think you're blowing this out of proportion. To me, game was going nowhere in terms of mission design and environments. Developers tried a lot of things over the years, but it never seemed enough. Landscapes, on the other hand, give them more creative freedom in that sense. Besides, Plains aren't in their final state yet. We're still getting new content and improvements over time, some of your personal gripes might be addressed eventually.
Considering that they're planning next Landscape for this spring, and we already got a prologue to The Sacrifice replacing Lotus with synthetic replica, i'd say that The Sacrifice is coming before it. Meaning anywhere in the next 2-3 months. Hopefully in February. I can't imagine DE intentionally replacing Lotus with this glitched version for long.
This roadmap is for their plans immediately after holiday break, it covers month or two at most, at least things they are willing to share.
According to DE, it was the most successful PA to date. Mirage, of all things. Go figure.
They probably didn't include it because they're still uncertain regarding approximate release date, or simply didn't want to draw attention to it for some other reason (surprise drop, as you've said). This roadmap only includes stuff they've already discussed in detail or showed on Devstreams. We know why Khora, her related gear and damage system changes were pushed into 2018, while initially planned for 2017. Other than that it's only new versions of Eidolon. So i'm fairly certain that it's not a roadmap for the whole year, not even for the first quarter of the year. Just stuff that was planned for 2017 but was pushed into first months of 2018, or what was supposed to be released shortly after holiday break.
Yeah, that's what i thought. The fact that so many new players actually decided that game is worth of such an investment is a good sign.
With the game that has so many moving parts, implementing what seems to be the simplest thing could take more effort than you think (depending on many factors, starting with the engine and devtools). For us it's just a single button, for programmers it's a lot more than that. The other thing is UI clutter. Having options is nice, but when it's something redundant like this, it takes space on the screen that could've been used for something else. With the game like Warframe it's especially important, since it's developed at a fairly quick pace with new features and content constantly being added. Not even developers know what they would want to add year later, or two, or five. Besides, Fashionframe requires attention to detail, simply copying colors won't get you anywhere in the world of fashion :P
In short, it would take too much effort to implement this (more trouble than it's worth). At least it was last time this came up. It was an official statement, should be somewhere on this sub.
&gt; a meme A legend, sir.
Only thing that matters. If it has even half-decent status or crit stats (all recent weapons do), mods can make it work.
#No.
Covert Lethality works at any level. It doesn't just deal set amount of damage, it does all the damage necessary to kill whatever you're trying to kill.
Just earlier today i realized something... Infested Ancients have the same prolonged arm like Ballas (right one). Coincidence?
He IS the Juggernaut Behemoth, it's explained in the prequels. He was a proud Prodman at first, but then Infestation got to him. He was corrupted and turned to their side, and he brought ruin to the Prodman Order. Only Prodman doesn't know that he left behind twins, son and daughter. One day they will restore order.
You don't have to search for the blueprint again upon claiming the finished item in your Foundry, if you have more of them left, of course. You can just start building next one of whatever you just claimed immediately. That's how i understand it.
That's rude and uncalled for. He had a valid point.
He is a UI/UX designer, i think
That's a good one, even better than mine.
I really hoped this one would make it in the contest. It's really fucking awesome.
None are as interesting as this one, most hammers we currently have are pretty dull (no pun intended)
It's actually '[redacted]', so it's probably "[quest's name]", it could still be anything.
Nothing is better to bring some light into an area than a corpse.
So that's why i masturbate at least once a day, and then cry afterwards. Good to know!
Puppy blender is more humane that Tenno's negligence. Of all kubrows we have interviewed, 96% stated that they'd rather die than be neglected. 4% of them said "Wuff!".
~~Minecraft~~ Warframe mob farm tutorial
&gt; Someone using power leveling strats on fucking Bere accuses someone else of laziness Comedy gold.
Nah, there are no genuine ET in Warframe. Yet.
Haven't watched it yet, but it should be entertaining. Edit: I did. It was.
It's a common practice, from what i know. Most ToS for this type of games are practically the same.
Aww, "Corpus Ice Planet"! And now they have to redo all this using PBR textures and new lighting, along with a few other tilesets To be honest, i'm actually looking forward to tileset remasters. Some of them are terribly outdated. Oh, and Archwing teaser. It actually blew my mind back then. Three last pictures. I don't remember that. Possibly showing a kubrow, or just being drunk. Probably both.
&gt; in case they slip in "if you accept this, we own your soul" or something like that So that's what happened. I should've paid attention 4+ years ago when i okayed it. Oh well. Edit: Oh, wait, [it's 5 years now](https://imgur.com/a/zKnQT).
"May the Profit be swole"
&gt; Fixed the 750 Daily Tribute rewarding you 3 Exilus Adapters instead of the intended 1. First Twitch drops incident, now this. Clearly, Exilus Adapters want us to have them! Even they understand that their crafting requirements are ludicrous!
It's an ancient art that Teshin can teach us.
There is no *singular* right approach to this topic. "Fixing" would imply that issue with Riven mods is that they're "broken", which they are not. They're deliberately designed that way. There are many ways in which system could be improved, though. This wording makes it sound like he knows exactly how to "fix" something designed by professional developers, which would be an arrogant claim to make (it's just your perspective, minus actual experience as a game developer). Probably not his intention, but still. At least i wouldn't be that confident unless i have credentials and actual knowledge of the game's engine and design philosophy of the development team. Doesn't stop me from making *suggestions*, i love it, but it's just that. Just to be clear, i only find this attitude problematic, not what he actually says. Opinions are opinions, all have their value. He provides ideas for some good QoL improvements, though (like showing player maximum possible rolls on their Riven mods). Although nothing that wasn't said before by someone else. Making logic behind Riven mod generation more transparent to the player is a reasonable demand, i'd like that. Riven mods remind me of Trove gems (look it up), fairly recently system was improved to give players more control versus RNG. Shit is unreasonably expensive to utilize, but it seems like the best direction for a system like this. Riven mods could probably use some of that functionality.
And that you have no control over what type of Riven you get on top of that. My suggestion was to make new veiled Riven mods universal, meaning player has a choice of unveiling it on any weapon type he wants - veiled Riven mod can belong to any category until it's actually unveiled, which will assign it to a weapon type player used to unveil it. That's what i would definitely like to see implemented. Something i'm not that sure about is ability to "flush" any unvelied Riven mod for some Kuva or something else (crafting system can be utilized in this, some sort of new item player can craft from different materials that would allow to do that), making it pure again (veiled), giving player ability to reuse it as if it was completely new. Another idea are the Riven Shards. Unwanted Riven mods can be broken down into new material, which can be used to craft a fresh Riven mod. Let's say that new Riven mod requires 10 shards (and maybe some Kuva or Void Traces on top to make it more interesting, whether it's done in Foundry or Mod screen is up to developers). Dismantled Riven mods randomly give anywhere from 2 to 10 shards, with larger amounts being significantly rarer than small amounts. So if you're really lucky, you can craft new Riven mod instantly. But in the worst case scenario one Riven mod will cost you 5 other mods. Unless my first suggestion is implemented, and fresh Riven mods from sorties are still locked into certain weapon types from the start, then this Riven crafting feature should allow player to choose which type they want to craft. Other than that, Riven Shards could be scattered all over the Star Chart, added in any other activity as a possible reward. Riven mods can be improved upon significantly, i think. There are countless suggestions on how to do that, and i think that developers should consider them.
I didn't understand what is the problem at first, but i think i get it now. It's not that putting content behind hard missions is wrong, it's just that one of the original few warframes on the Star Chart is significantly harder to get than others because of the additional layer that players have to get through to even get to the boss. And then deal with the random drops, which can take anywhere from 3 to ∞ runs to get. I remember Ergo Glast selling stuff for tokens you got for beating Ambulas. I'm not sure if he is still doing that, but he probably should. Along with Trinity blueprints (make sure Ergo reminds players to visit him once Ambulas is defeated). Otherwise... well, i haven't farmed beacons in a while, i barely remember what it's like.
It is absolutely not. What i assume is baked lighting makes Simulacrum look bright, but not your character. Especially on the control platform. Feels like there is barely any real light.
It's spreading!
Itz beetol
If they thought that alarm was bad, just wait for all them puns.
*You are running out of time. Consider extraction.*
Yes? I meant that it has the same problem. Actually, whole Viper family does. New weapons with extreme fire rate come out with high ammo reserve, some old weapons like Grakata had it increased as well. But we still have some old weapons that require this change.
#It's raining taters, hallelujah! #It's raining taters, amen!
Ninja... turtle?
&gt; Maybe we should hold a party for Bungie I think they call that "funeral".
Mark it as NSFW please
Damned inners.
#*C O R P O S*
Okay. And i've been watching pewdiepie videos all night. Send help.
That's a Salt Spire, it was formed during the first few months after NMS release
[I've got some ideas.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/4lrkzl/suggestion_melee_system_tweaks/)
Ash and his shadow clones just hump the enemies while you literally sit there and wait until game gives you back control. He should just be able to let clones do the humping and continue fighting as usual. Since it means no invincibility for the player, developers could provide Ash significant damage reduction while clones are active.
Only took 25 years
Booty Hunter* Because that's our wey.
I doubt that issue is with the theme, unless author specifically stated that it is indeed the case. It's probably something on the technical side, textures and whatnot.
I hope they actually change Mend first, it's incredibly bad. Edit: Oh yeah, they did. Good.
Mirror's Edge soundtrack from Solar Fields is fucking orgasmic.
Swoleban
When it comes to the vocal opposition of PvP, it's mostly purists who thinks that Warframe can only be PvE and PvE only, and that all resources and time developers spend on PvP should instead go towards PvE content. I rarely see the actual constructive criticism regarding PvP, mostly just this pointless toxic attitude towards it.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of project Titan?
I think saying that they made the entire game in 16 months is incorrect, that would be simply impossible. It was probably more like disassembling what they already had developed and reassembling it with new "vision" in mind, adding some new stuff on top of that (like absolutely mediocre story that ties it all together, for example). From what i've learned, that contract with Activision wasn't a good idea at all. There are rumors that they intervened in development of the original Destiny, driving away key developers and scrapping a lot of what they worked on. It only went downhill since then... or maybe it was that way all along. A lot of ambition, not enough time, and big publisher whose only interest is ROI. Bungie is a slave of its own ambition, withering away as it struggles to meet expectations of their overlords and save their own reputation at the same time. I'm not surprised that at this point making best game they can for their loyal fans is not that high on priority list.
It would certainly give me a reason to play melee Harrow, which i wanted to try for a while, but for some reason didn't
В голос
The thumbnail is amazing, i'm intrigued Edit: Subscribed.
That's a good one, i remember thinking about it myself... well, i still do whenever i put a sigil on something.
Definitely. I bought this syandana because it looks awesome, but haven't used it because of how it's placed on warframes. Considering that artists at DE have to manually place every syandana and armor piece on every single warframe, this feature will save them a lot of pain.
I remember when it was just a shitposting thread on the Warframe forums. How far we've come, brothers.
I wrote something on this topic some time ago, give it a read if you have time: https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/611end/lets_talk_advanced_specialization_of_warframes/ It's probably the main reason as to why i don't bother with arcanes.
It's not the only obstruction players meet in the game, it's really full of them, if you think about it. DE doesn't monetize *just* Prime gear, or *just* cosmetics, or *just* weapon slots and regular gear to a ridiculous extent (considering that players can obtain premium currency through trading). They're trying to be subtle with it. It's like setting up a dozen of rabbit traps in the woods instead of a huge one in the middle of an open field. More chances to get something, even if it's just a bunch of rabbits and not a deer. Although they get them too, occasionally. It gives everyone an opportunity to have their cake and fuck it too.
Oh boy, not just Devstream, but ART Devstream. I'm so going to enjoy this.
I think you should contact developers directly with that.
Yes, and Pink Rhino too.
&gt; On the negative side we won't be receiving details about things such as new Eidolons, Khora, new damage system , Sacrifice. I wouldn't be so sure of that, it's still a Devstream, i think we'll hear about this stuff
Augments aren't supposed to "fix" warframes, if one requires bandaids then there's a problem with its base design. As far as i'm aware, augments were always meant to alternate or emphasize playstyles for warframes, not simply make them stronger. That's regarding augments in general.
Such a great concept that was.
It's basically what original game was supposed to be, gameplay-wise. Well, and in terms of graphics too. If i remember correctly, Prototype already looked outdated when it came out.
The feels.
Game-changing
Huh.
Goddamn //_-)
It's an ifrit
It's not supposed to be another "Nezha" Nezha, but a different spin on a fiery dude theme with Nezha's abilities at its core. Design tells me that it's inspired by mythological Ifrit, but there are also some Japanese and Hindu elements to it. And it's absolutely fitting. Warframe always takes inspiration from multiple cultures to make something of its own.
Gender swap deluxe! That's actually an interesting idea. I say it's plausible, especially since DE confirmed my suspicion that there is possibility for another row of Deluxe skins for warframes that already have one. Male or female, their skeletons are practically the same
Eh, i think they said that fire effects simply won't be the same, which makes sense. It's very stylized on the artwork. I'm pretty sure we're going to see something similar in the final product. If not, though... that would really suck.
Ground Humper 9000 So we are actually getting enemy tanks. Tenno mecha suit confirmed, basically.
It's a positive change
Considering that they all wear biker gear, i don't even care anymore
I liked having that crazy headshot machine, but i see where they'e coming from.
Still a better love story than Twilight
I wonder what he is going to do with his STEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERchild
Have you tried these tasty headshots with them Hunter Munitions?
Happened to me yesterday, it really sucks. I just discovered how crazy good Sarpa actually is
Just dab on them.
As long as Hunter Munitions stays a thing on weapons that don't have slash, we can easily place Arca Plasmor among other shotguns you've mentioned. It remains strong. What you didn't consider is just how large its projectile is. You can hit multiple enemies without any loss of damage, which can't be said about most other shotguns. Also, no accuracy loss at range, plus innate punch through. You've conveniently glossed over a couple important facts just to make your point. Edit: Nah, forget my first point. Crit build without headshots is unusable, you'll need something else against high level heavily armored enemies. Working on a new build now. As is, it's definitely not a Tigris Prime. Edit 2: So far corrosive/fire status build seems optimal to me, eventually tears through the armor depending on how lucky you are with them procs. I'll need another Forma or two to try something different. Reduced ammo pool is concerning, though. Since you can't destroy enemies as quickly anymore, you naturally expend more ammo. Increasing it by at least 4 extra clips (up to 72, but i certainly wouldn't be against more significant increase) seems reasonable, and perhaps even some extra fire rate or increased reload speed. It would be easier to deal with armor that way, focusing on fire rate to inflict status more effectively will become a more viable option than it is now. Right now Arca Plasmor is just too slow for that, and modding for it results in a significant damage loss (i'll have to test more to be completely sure). With this nerf heavily armored targets become an issue again, just as it was before Hunter Munitions appeared. It would be nice to have something in exchange. These are my thoughts, at least.
Ugh, we actually know who he is. An Orokin Executor. No idea how he found Lotus, nor do i think that it even matters.
From what i remember, they were basically immortal. Orokin weren't all equal, and i suspect that upper class had some insanely expensive method to gain immortality / prolong their lives, while everyone else had to resort to Continuity. Also, cryosleep / suspended animation. Tenno are here, after all, it worked for them just fine. Except for memory loss due to the sudden awakening. Not sure what the Teshin's deal is, though. Not sure why would Ballas freeze himself either, and awaken now of all times. Because Tenno returned, and along with them Lotus? Don't know. What is weird is that Ballas somehow wasn't killed along with others by the Tenno. Although it kinda makes sense that he wouldn't be present at the ceremony that was all about Tenno, since he despised them. Guess he was grieving in his man cave all this time.
If not for this game, i'd probably be addicted to something much more harmful.
Nailed it.
Funny how he replied to pretty much everyone here but you. Because he knows that you're right, and can't say anything that would make it look as if it wasn't so. Thanks to you i don't have to waste time replying to this buffoon, since everything i wanted to say was expressed by you.
It's just a figure of speech, comprende? This, along with all the lies about how they "need" extra monetization, can be easily summed up as "fuck you" towards the consumer. These publishers are only interested in milking people, and aren't going to make any compromises unless pressured by the public.
Game is free, but you aren't. Not anymore!
I keep playing because it's fun, simple as that. Completionism isn't my main drive, i just like going in random survival missions and killing shit with various combinations of gear while looking as cool as possible.
It's all about the helmet to me. It's a cool design, but it gives Oberon Prime as a whole vibe that isn't exactly what i personally like. So i'm eagerly waiting for that helmet from Master Noob, which of course is releasing in the last batch of this TennoGen round.
Someone who doesn't understand how any of it works, what a fucking genius
You can't possibly know how it will reflect on sales. Considering overall quality and the fact that it's the only TennoGen item for Octavia, there is a high chance that it will sell very well either way. Edit: Hell, because of this change i might even consider getting one myself.
bitkuva*
*Doooo Dooooooo...*
It looks just as awesome as i imagined it to be.
So I guess best-case scenario is that we get The Sacrifice in the next four weeks. Certainly no Venus Landscape until TennoCon. Yeaaaah, this year is so far kinda slow on content. Hopefully it will be worth the wait. And hey, I'm Vlad too. Not a vampire, though.
Vampires suck. Change my mind.
No, they're talking about Pink Rhino with Limbo Agile stance.
He just wanted to see new particles up close in all their glory
Warframe: The Ring
"Defy this, bitch" *stabs Ballas in the eye*
Teaser page reminds me of Prototype 2 add campaign, I think they did something with similar vibe
You expected Excalibur Umbra, but it was me, Teapot Umbra
Ballas was alone for literal ages, Infested Ancients even longer You know what I mean...
"We don't really need men for anything other than their sperm" comment was so utterly stupid and pointless. What about jokes?! (South Park reference :S) Our modern civilization wouldn't exist without men (or women, for that matter, but no one ever openly calls women useless like that, and no one should), and countless men maintain it by taking on all the thankless and dangerous jobs women tend to avoid. Seriously, what was that about? As for everything else, glad that things are finally coming to a conclusion.
I know that it was Farouk. I'm surprised that Syd fell for it, thought she was smarter than that
Boobs? Where? I don't think they specifically wanted Nyx to look like Excalibur, they probably just had a model lying around from the times when they were still considering gender options for warframes, and just used it for a new warframe.
His name is Scarlet Buttocks
She is, but it was an interesting gimmick nonetheless, which didn't seem OP to me (from what I've seen, never got to use it myself even though I wanted to try it). It's one more way to play Trinity, which I think is good. Variety is good.
I instantly assumed that we are going to see flashbacks, the things we were usually reading about but have never seen ourselves. Such as the ceremony where the Orokin elite was slaughtered, and probably much more. The fact that these flashbacks are explained this way in the game's universe could mean that some of these things is something that our Tenno don't know themselves, or have forgotten, and that this fact will be important for the overall story. I mean, they could just show a cutscene depicting something from the past if they just wanted player to see these things, but when it's implemented like that, then our character probably has to see it as well. There is a difference, I believe.
&gt; This basically was just a player bouncing up and down killing everything in a room without interacting with the enemies at all Well, it's at least not utterly brainless in terms of player input
I hear this bullshit way too often
It's like any MMO expansion, you pretty much always need new currency/resources to progress through it. I personally like it, gathering brand new stuff is interesting to me. What would be the alternative? Let us just use old resources which most veterans have stockpiled in ludicrous amounts? Nah. New world, new beginnings. That's a large part of what makes these Landscapes enticing to me as a long time player.
Japan can be offensive... ever heard of the attack on Pearl Harbor? Or even better, Nanking Massacre! (That's a joke, by the way)
I just want to clarify that It's not that I find these events funny (they're obviously horrific, just like the war in general), it's the fact that profanity filters exist to prevent people from seeing "offensive" stuff, but that word has other meanings, so I replaced it with another one in this context to show the absurdity of it all. You just made me explain the joke, I hate you :V And yeah, downvote button is not a "disagree" or "dislike" button, in case you didn't know
[This is hardly a rising sun flag](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CyCI2jOUoAAMHnj.jpg). The whole situation is simply people blowing things out of proportion. How plain that design was is a lot more offensive. &gt;The torture of chinese people was more sadistic than the holocaust. I'm not going to argue whether it was worse than the holocaust, it would be crazy. To me they're equally unacceptable. Human history is full of violence like that, by the way. Even if these events are more recent, why did we forget the rest? The whole point of history is so we could learn from it to avoid repeating same mistakes. Not sure how that sort of behavior helps with that.
Yep. It's also always with you throughout the gameplay in Anthem, it seems, while Archwing is mostly separated from everything else (which is a mistake). It's just their replacement for bullet-jump/roll combo, basically.
Flight reminds me of the Dark Void game, it had interesting verticality to it.
Happens rarely to me. Both seem to be somehow connected, but how exactly is a mystery.
Hopefully, even if it ends up releasing on Friday Comes with Zlad the Weedbeard, I assume, and odachi. Among other things? What things? Cool things.
Aaaaaah, right, totally forgot about it. Might still get the odachi, though, I think that's the type of sword Ballas' weapon will be, at least in our hands. We get it as a trophy or gift, that's for sure. She said "new warframe", and I don't really regard variants as "new". That's why I overlooked Umbra Excalibur.
Thought there was supposed to be a new trailer for the conference. Also expected them to show a little of Venus stuff, just to create some more hype. I mean, dedicated community is very interested in The Sacrifice, but for the people outside of this community it doesn't mean anything. Open world stuff? That'd be intriguing for most people.
That's one interesting-looking fleshlight you've got there
Press X to Sacrifice
This looks so much like Dark Sector, so grey Greyt
It's a discount code for Starbucks
I think that's a PS4 skin
I've been thinking that it's a space station of sorts, but a chunk of Lua also makes sense
Transformers sound effect at 0:48 killed me, brilliant stuff
&gt; 178% range **Spring Mustachio's *Tomboy* intensifies**
***CORPOS INTENSIFIES***
This felt good.
Right, I forgot that they aren't blood relatives. Well, this idea is not so repulsive anymore.
Waste of money
I'm pretty sure they already have a lot of Venus Landscape done, that'd be more fitting for E3 These quests, while amazing, are a lot more meaningful to people who plays the game already (who, as such, is already aware of it), so I don't really understand why focus promotion on The Sacrifice. Especially since they can't show anything without spoiling the whole thing.
The Station's response to that Marine's violence was... concrete.
I should probably just go to bed, but I know I won't be able to fall asleep, even though it's already past midnight.
Yeah, it's certainly not a conclusion. But I can't help but feel that something is missing from the quest. Sentient Outpost and related content will be the big reveal of TennoCon, probably.
I sure hope he isn't dead, that'd be such a waste. I suspect there was supposed to be a real fight with him, previously shown sword and emphasis on it makes me think that. If there was a proper fight, then, perhaps, his death could be acceptable. But there wasn't. Although it's an interesting twist - we were lead to believe that he was our arch-enemy, but he was just another pawn.
I think it's pretty clear that all warframes were people. Not everyone suffered the same cruelty, probably, but everyone suffered at some extent. Transformation itself isn't painless. And if you were forced to go through it... Yeah, not pretty. So yeah, all of your warframes probably have a story like that to share. I wonder how NSFW community feels about their masturbation habits now.
Zawframes.
And it's not even a Landscape update! People are thirsty for new exciting stuff. DE promoted The Sacrifice quite a bit, hopefully it doesn't end up biting them in the ass. It's a pretty niche piece of content, all things considered.
Doesn't seem so. But he could be a relative of that Dax - if I remember correctly, Isaah had a brother.
[Best source](https://www.youtube.com/user/StallordD) [And more](https://www.youtube.com/user/TanookiiTV/videos) Enjoy!
Every head is procedural
I don't think so. Umbra was contained in the room on Lua that we unlock in the second mission, if I'm not mistaken. Meaning he was transported there at some point, which means that what you're proposing simply couldn't happen. When Lua was pulled out of the Void, it caused extensive damage to the buildings on its surface, including that lab/containment cell where Umbra was supposedly sealed away, which allowed him to escape. The fact that there were traces of Lua minerals on Umbra's sword confirms it (and I suppose first teaser of The Sacrifice kinda shows Umbra escaping it). I think the tree in the memories was some sort of hallucination. That place is actually a Dax graveyard, so no wonder. With Infestation in his blood, he must've been in tremendous pain, on the brink of death, but he was denied death and peace that comes with it. That kinda makes it impossible to determine whether this all happened on Earth or Lua, though. What we see in the first cutscene of the quest is Umbra going back to that graveyard, probably to find his son's grave. Whether he found it or not, it caused an emotional outburst, a howl. Then we see Ballas, being an asshole as usual. Seems to me that these events were recent, meaning post-Apostasy. Ordis was able to trace residual Sentient energy, after all, which would probably dissipate otherwise. Which leads us to the next question. Was what we've seen a memory, or a real-time transmission? Everything indicates that Lotus' helmet is not just a fashion statement. It might still be linked to Natah/Lotus or whatever is she called now. The fact that she decided to show it to us is hard to interpret, I don't know what it means. Lotus is both Margulis and Natah, so maybe there's a conflict within her, with Margulis' side reaching out to us. There's irony in this whole situation, since Ballas getting stabbed by Umbra is a consequence of Hunhow acting based on the intelligence Ballas provided.
Couldn't find anything either.
I really doubt that Helminth is there just for a few tidbits of lore and cyst treatment. I bet there's a whole system to it, that developers are reworking for the 10th time as we speak. Possibly one of the things we're going to see at TennoCon.
"Tau resist" could simply mean resist to damage sources of Tau origin, i.e. Sentients. Regardless, we'll have to go there at some point, we're already running out of celestial bodies in our own system to explore. They might still pull Planet Nine, that'd be interesting. Although I wouldn't be so sure about going to the Tau just yet. There's still that Sentient Outpost, which is supposedly somewhere at the fringes of the Origin System, if not beyond it. If I remember correctly, it was the first Sentient sent away by the Orokin, it's huge and is currently rebuilding itself (it got lost or something). On a side note, it seems that Sentient's size depends on their age... Which makes sense. Maybe we'll go through there first, before we reach Tau.
It is too long. Also, Forma-only relic would be nice, along with some other changes. Such as rewarding 2 and 3 blueprints accordingly, based on the rarity level of the reward (silver and gold tiers respectively). Or even a built one.
Seems like Infestation was a thing way before Sentients. Ballas said in his recording that to fight them, they turned *back* to flesh and disease, *back* to ravaged colonies that became gardens (Infestation was allowed to grow rampant instead of being suppressed). Judging by the Saryn Prime trailer and some other lore bits, it might've also been what ruined the Earth. My theory, just thought of it, is that it was overrun by Infestation, and had to be subjected to Exterminatus of sorts. Then Orokin tried to resow it, and that's how we ended up with giant forests.
Pretty sure Helminth is responsible for most warframes, if not all of them
I'm pretty sure they're aware. Just not afraid to take risks, nor they should be.
From the way they were talking about it during the Devstreams, I'm sure that there was supposed to be a proper fight with Ballas during The Sacrifice, but for some reason it was cut out. Along with this word.
Not really, he's been waiting for us.
Got everything in one day. Limbo Prime: Neuroptics - first run Chassis - second run Systems - first run Blueprint - second run Destreza Prime: Blueprint - first run Handle - first run Blade - third run Pyrana Prime: Blueprint - second run Receiver - first run Barrel - second run I think I should've bought a lottery ticket yesterday, instead of playing the game. What's funny is that I've spent quite a bit of time farming some of these relics in advance (like 3-4 of them), but ended up getting part I needed from it in the first run. Gotta capitalize on remaining ones, I suppose. Most PAs since Relic was implemented were relatively easy for me, excluding ones with dual weapons. Usually they're extremely grindy, while everything else is not so much.
In some ways it's better than Destiny, in some ways, perhaps, worse. Ultimately, it's a different game, but unlike Destiny, it's free to play. I can say that it's quite a commitment in the long term, but if you like playing it, then it's obviously worth it. I'm personally 5 years in, and it's like one of the best things that happened in my life.
"Make whole, this shattered world you've been given." Origin System is a mess, if you haven't noticed. Meanwhile, we're also building up an arsenal to make our job easier. That's the short version.
Still can't get over the fact that Nezha's glorious crotch is hidden by that disgusting piece of loincloth.
&gt; Fixed Nekros Prime having a **‘None’ Skin option**. Woah, that's pretty fucking metal.
This... rocks? Finally someone actually telling people to try PvP themselves and form their own opinion on it. Fucking tired of the circlejerk around Conclave and Archwing.
My only hope is that it won't be filled with the buttloads of redundant and forgettable mission nodes. Origin System needs another pass for that reason, adding more context and unique aspects to existing missions while cutting out excess.
Yeah, "It's bad" is an opinion. There are people who can say that it's good, and that would also be an opinion. Or would it be a fact as well? Sorry, but it doesn't make any sense. If you say that it's flawed, that would be a fact, since it's empirically provable (Conclave has many flaws (but that's not all there is, which is important)). You're basically saying that it's bad *for you*, which isn't necessarily true for others. I'm more inclined to interpret that as an opinion, rather than fact. There's plenty to enjoy in Conclave, and some people do just that. They consider it good, at least good enough for them. To me it's good enough to be worth of further investment of development time and resources. Feel free to disagree, but you don't get to just dismiss opposing viewpoints by claiming that yours is actually a fact, while it isn't. It's certainly a fact*or* in this discussion, and I'll respect it as long as you respect mine.
This and being able to use syndicate sigils as purely cosmetic items are two things I really want for customization. Oh, being able to color chest/shoulder/leg attachments separately as well, which would be very welcome due to inconsistency in color channels and sheer difference some armor sets have in that regard, making them borderline incompatible when colored. Also, cosmetic sigils on the market that are more like tattoos, which are made to simply look great on your warframe (most sigils in the game symbolize or reference various things, which sometimes makes them not very attractive). If developers separate energy outline from warframe's energy channel, that'd be even better. Fuck, I want a lot. But to be fair, it accumulated over the years...
Pull up Mucusk syandana all the way to the helmet - glorious hairdo
&gt; DE is Canadian (i rubbed that stereotype in, forgive me) This is actually a huge deal, if you know anything about Canada's current cultural climate. Moderators in question are infantile, petty hypocrites, and shouldn't be in the position they're presently holding.
RHINO NO HIT AND RUN! RHINO RUN AND HIT, THEN HIT SOME MORE!
Tenno will infiltrate these ships and sabotage them from within. Of course it would take decades to navigate through the endless corridors and find vital parts of the biggest ships, but still...
We pull it into the Void just like Lotus did with Lua :U
Chainswords and power fists. I'm fucking in!
You see, Ivan, invisible head makes it hard for the enemies to shoot your brains out
A Fistful of Credits
Can't wait to shoot her in the face.
In my experience anywhere between 3 weeks and 3 weeks
Hydroid with a squeaky voice: "This fucking heat is killing me... Same damn thing every goddamn summer!"
Amazing art, I really like your style. For some reason reminds me of the early Fable / Project Ego concept art
Mod capacity is a shitty thing to monetize, perhaps the worst aspect of Warframe's model. Maybe it should just go. Pretty much all weapons are gimped versions of themselves without mods, and mods mostly serve to actually make them work as intended (often with very little actual customization). Halved capacity is just an unnecessary obstacle. You can't even fairly evaluate weapon until it's decently modded. And how are weapons balanced? With their fully modded potential in mind, so what you get fresh from the Foundry is nearly always underwhelming, even with a couple mods in it. And that's all you have capacity for by default. We need either a reliable way to obtain Catalysts or blueprints for them (same for Reactors), or they should just be removed altogether (at least update the art for them already, goddamn). You get 2 capacity points per level, or max level of items is increased to 60 (overall would require the same amount of affinity to max out as they currently do, you also get half the mastery per level compared to its current rate). Former will probably be better. Based on my observations and experience, monetization through potatoes and equipment slots does a lot of damage to Warframe's public image. I often find myself having to explain why it's "not that bad" and then agreeing that "yeah, it actually is". It's just hard to defend, and developers don't make it any easier. Regarding slots, it would be great to reward some for MR progression.
You don't want to overdo it, people can only tolerate so much. Not everyone is like us. As a developer, you want to find balance. Player already has to grind for resources and blueprints to craft gear, then for slots to store them, for mods, and for Endo to level up said mods. That's already quite a bit.
This man understands
Really? Didn't know that. Funny thing is, I've been thinking about how great The Expanse game would be while watching the last episode. If Star Citizen developers finish their game, and deliver at least half of what was promised, they might have a chance to pull it off. If I wanted The Expanse MMO to be made, I'd certainly go to them - they're developing all the tech and infrastructure required for such an ambitious project.
Amazing actor, too, perfectly delivered the character. The cast in this show is just overall phenomenal.
*It was me, Diogo!*
His "Doors and corners, kid" will be really handy to folks in that new Predator movie, they should be grateful
Is Dark Matter actually good? I've tried to watch it, gave up after a couple episodes, it seemed bland and cheap
These quests give a huge boost to game's world-building, and give more food for thought to those who needs it. It's absolutely different experience to play Warframe as someone who actually cares about its universe and enjoys it, it changes your perception of the game as a whole. In that sense, The Sacrifice is just as important and valuable as The Second Dream. This is the soul of Warframe, so to speak. This world, most of which isn't even shown, but implied, world that lives through your imagination. To me this matters greatly, it's a connection that makes the game more than just a game.
High-G training before the flight to Tau, such dedication
It's free money
Tenno are the mind, so yeah, they feel it.
That's not how you spell "blue"
You have really improved lately, amazing work!
It's certainly not a 10, too rough around the edges. But I gave it 9 just now. Although I'm of the opinion that Metacritic can suck a dick.
You open the page, and it's all one giant Vorpost on 320 pages.
Well, isn't she some kind of birb thematically? Wish I could do that. Seems practical, you won't get dizzy from all the crazy pirouettes. Guess we can add another super power to the list of warframe superpowers, along with gravity manipulation and super strength.
I dislike the traditional score system in general, it's meaningless. And Metacritic is pretty much its embodiment. Something like Metacritic might, perhaps, show the attitude people have towards certain products, which doesn't necessarily reflect their quality. Reviews is where it's at. As a gateaway to said reviews, Metacritic has some merit. Some publishers put a lot of emphasis on the scores, though, and developer's pay could sometimes depend on whether they meet certain score or not - a fucked up policy which most likely wouldn't be a thing if people stopped giving credibility to these arbitrary numbers.
I'm personally fine with that. ARPGs that allow stat rerolling are usually balanced in a way that allows such a thing without making it problematic for the game as a whole. Warframe isn't like that, Riven mods were added upon the already existing mess. Power creep might already be a problem, but making it worse is certainly not a solution. Giving players a guaranteed path towards the most OP Riven possible (which stat-locking would introduce) would certainly make things worse. At least randomness keeps this problem at bay, while trade economy also benefits from scarcity. I think Rivens are cool, they provide player an opportunity to improve a specific weapon in ways that usually wouldn't be possible, especially if it's a low tier weapon they'd like to bring into high level content. It also provides plenty of replayability thanks to cycling. And, as I have already mentioned, they seem to be beneficial for the player market. Perhaps ability to lock one stat would be a good compromise. But as a downside, maybe it should also render that Riven untradeable. Couple of improvements I would personally like: 1. Make it so Riven Transmuter could be used to drop the cycling cost back to 900 once it reaches its maximum (3500), that would reduce overall Kuva cost for people who hunts Eidolons, I think that'd be a cool bonus for them. 2. Replace Rifle/Shotgun/Secondary/Melee veiled Rivens with just one single Veiled Riven type. Weapon type it would belong to upon being unveiled would depend on which weapon is used to complete its challenge. Meaning you can place it on your primary, shotgun, pistol or melee weapon, and when you unveil it, this Riven mod will be of that weapon type. I agree with people when they say that there's too much RNG when it comes to Riven mods. I'm okay with their stats being entirely random, but I would like at least some control over them. Such as weapon type. When sortie gives you secondary Rivens when all you care about are melee ones, for example, it sucks.
Woah, they have Dark Sector concept art featured that I haven't seen anywhere else. That's neat. These guys went deep, good quality coverage. The actual journalism, even?
What moderator does?
It was a rhetorical question... Obviously no moderator would like being called out for their transgressions
That's most likely just another volunteer moderator. I think it's fair to say that they represent DE, but stuff like this is something they do on their own accord. Unless you have actually violated some forum rules such as being explicitly rude.
Now make JoJo Referencerer
Probably because no one wants to deal with this shit, which is understandable. But someone has to. Would really help if we kept an archive of sorts with the actual evidence. If you want to be taken seriously, build a strong case. At least it would serve as a solid starting point. I'm personally not that invested in all this, the whole situation is just nasty. I'm definitely against these micro-totalitarians, but I've already decided to simply avoid them. Any moderator displaying pathological behavior is their own worst enemy, so I'm not worried about justice - it always finds a way.
We are talking about pro-abortion, human-hating communists. It seems only natural.
So which is it?
... c-c-collusion?
I choose Star Platinum!
It's their second coming of Jesus. Leftism is an ideological substitute to religion, a pathological one at that.
Warframe mostly, started playing Grim Dawn again as well.
I don't really get these "I printed this" / "I printed that" posts. Is it really that much of an achievement? Printing something?
Guess I didn't encounter this issue because I have hotkeys for everything I regularly use, and don't actually use the wheel.
Same here, had to go to Profile &gt; Challenges and look it up
Saying this sort of thing attracts the worst part of it Welcome back
Having a shitty job is better than having none. At least it's a starting point.
That's a position for sustainable, healthy capitalism, basically Best we could come up with so far
IIIIIIIIII thiiiiink I'll just gooo...
Well, then they can politicize deez nuts.
Soundcloud is music world's Greenlight
Redeemer Prime, I called it!
Sleep + Disarm seem kinda redundant, we'll see how that goes.
Yeah, it's the case with environmental effects/status procs as well
I'll have to try it, see how reliable it is in the actual missions
I'm pretty sure that's a primary kink-gun on the thumbnail, looks great
Not maybe, but certainly. That's a primary weapon stance, and weapon is much longer than any secondary kitgun available (barrel and magazine look like something we already have, it's the grip that is new, meaning that primaries will use same parts as secondaries, aside from the grips)
Well, that's what my guts told me would happen.
*IS THAT A PUN?!*
There's that and amount of relics required. It's weird. &gt; Either make it Common drops or bundle it as required by the Prime (eg: Akbolto Prime Barrel drops in pair) and make it Uncommon or Rare. That's a good idea
&gt; There is no logic in prime part drop tables But why not?
Did she say "big win"? I thought only men exaggerated sizes, but alas.
...BOY!
**T**esla **T**rump ... What if he already is? :thinkemoji:
If it's regular missions, people probably don't care much about that. But you could always just use voice chat instead, see if it works Scanning stuff should be hard - you equip your scanner from the gear wheel and hold the fire/attack button, at least that's how it's on PC, probably the same on Switch
I doubt there are economical reasons for this, just religious dogma (although you could probably find some sort of justification for this if you try hard enough). People like Nef probably think that one only deserves what they earn themselves (regardless of *how* it's earned - anything is a fair game), and frowns upon charity since it goes against this idea. I suppose it's much like how Nazi Germany treated disabilities, but in the financial sense. Financial eugenics?
We didn't need parts of other warframes to craft Chroma Prime, so I'm pretty sure it will be the same with Equinox Prime
I actually strongly dislike being called "Stardust". But I'm trying to think of in the context of "We are made of star stuff", not as some glittery cutesy nickname.
It's not something you can just do like that. Besides, skinny tiny 'frames are the ones who needs these biceps the most.
TOGETHER You stitched separate pictures of every accessory together, right? There's an official version with the whole set equipped :S
This is the kind of phrase saying which you just drop the mic and leave the room
I'm so buying this.
Ah, yes.
This has to go to /r/gaming , blow it up
\*insert school shooting joke here*
It's not the case of them "Not understanding" him. They don't want to, they don't give a fuck. They want to destroy him, whether for ideological or financial reasons. It's envy either way, pettiness.
God I'm hungry
But... but I wanted to quit.
Reward for taking down the Orb is underwhelming to say the least. And you don't even get an achievement for your first time. It was fun to do, but the finale was anti-climactic.
It's not like I wanted to play or anything...
I'm thinking that its AI is made with the use of a Cephalon created from a woman. Could even be something worse. Considering the whole brain in a jar theme of Fortuna, truth is probably pretty horrific.
I love bananas. Found my new main.
But I like new look, it's refreshing. Why completely revert it when instead they could just make it easier to see the state of the locker with brighter lights?
Hydroid Prime trailer will be about as unexpected at this point as the fact that Aquaman movie is actually good
Since when do we care about these lockers at all, anyway?
&gt; Fixed the Shattering Impact Mod breaking the Profit-Taker. Profit-Taker is now immune to Armor Reduction Does that mean Corrosive Projection as well? Strange wording.
*"How do I punch with this?"*
As time goes on, I like Ivar less and less. He's just this screaming, mad man-child. In reality someone like that would probably be put to death like a rabid dog. He is boring... worse, even, irritating. Just shouting all the time. WTF is this character?
Golden, like Trump's hair
Guys are in a good mood today, nice That's some top notch trolling
Uung, The Last Grofitbender
Legs and head look as if they are from an ungilded MOA, while core (Krysis core in this case) has a more expensive-looking texture with a metallic finish. Textures of the various parts all across the board don't match up, it's strange and it bothers me.
&gt; there's supposed to be depth and differences in textures Are you sure about that? I expect consistency. When one part stands out this way among others, it isn't right in my eyes. If we could color parts separately, then maybe it would make sense.
Oh boy, the sequel is inevitable now Vorpost x Flextape crossover
Sorry, but these are gates
Yeah, that's how I always thought it should work as well. It just makes sense. You just pick allegiance and receive standing based on the current rank. If you go into the negative with that syndicate, you still preserve the bonus of the highest rank unlocked. Requiring players to wear sigils is clunky, and moreover makes it unnecessarily more complex, especially for new players. Worst offense is that it prevents players from using sigils they like for cosmetic purposes, which is kinda their whole point. There are so many I would like to wear, but I simply can't do that without fucking up my standing with the syndicates. The fact that it still wasn't addressed at this point simply pisses me off.
So you're the reason why servers are so unstable lately (jk)
Interesting scheme. Good thing you reported them.
Just jump into it and ask experienced players you encounter for an introduction to PvP, at least one of them will help
Sorry, mate, but for something this specific and important you're 100% better off using manual recruitment, especially if so much is at stake. I could understand going with auto-matchmaking in a regular mission or a random fissure, I'm doing this all the time myself, but for something like Eidolon hunt finding or making a group is always a much better, more reliable option. You have the tools that can improve your experience, use them.
I think it's a different effect, which was introduced with reworked Grineer melee enemies, Powerfist in particular, I believe. It's not a knockdown like what Heavy Gunners and Shockwave Moa do, but a knockup. Still, you'd think that status immunity that prevents knockdowns would defend you from knockups too.
Bumblebeedus?
Sorry, but... did you just say the T-word? Saved for later when I have time to read, thank you for sharing it
Melee weapons at Hok's in Cetus, where you make Zaws. For secondaries it's Rude Zuud in Fortuna, the Kitgun lady. Costs 15p, keep that in mind
Usually I don't pay attention to it, but now I think it's just good manners... People might think I'm showing off or something like that, since I'm not exactly poor. Not in the game, at least.
Doesn't seem low effort at all
I had to watch that moment multiple times, this moment of his was really badass.
Yeah. That's why I never jump up the walls. I jump off the wall instead and do directional bullet jump in midair to wherever I want to get to.
I actually like leveling up stuff after polarization, gives me a reason to play with stuff before I shelve it. What I would really appreciate is ability to make mod slots compatible with multiple polarities (even if it means polarizing the same slot with another Forma)
Bernie is how I expect my scrotum to look when I'm 87. And it will probably be able to come up with better policies on its own too.
Seems about right
"Pablo" is probably his official position at this point
My question is when YouTube will finally grow a pair?
It would be perfect, if not for the overall ugly, uninspired minimalistic aesthetics
*Then they came for me* \*Rambo theme song plays*
&gt; reasonable action on climate change Which is what? Spending insane amounts of money to make basically no positive impact?
They're so full of shit, they could use some movement
Funnily enough, emissions in US seem to be declining in the past few years, while at the same time China's is rising. It might also have something to do with them being the biggest economies in the world. &gt; and if it had the population of China it would be by far the world's biggest polluter If US were as shitty as China and offered cheap labor like they do, then of course. But it's all because US people are just evil, innit? From what I've gathered, it's not even clear just how much impact CO2 emissions have on the climate, since climate as a whole isn't as well understood as most people seem to think, meaning that changes we are observing might be driven by natural processes. What's more important to me is the impact of pollution on the ecosystem, and not just from CO2 emissions. Which will have tangible consequences far sooner than much feared and poorly understood climate change.
It takes one to know one. Monsters wearing human skin all around.
It depends on your definition of "human", I suppose. To me these acts are inhuman, and as such those who committed them are not human. They're very much demons who enjoys violence. Torture, rape, murder. They deserve no mercy.
I'd rather people think for themselves and make mistakes than not think at all and just follow the herd in fear of being wrong.
\*nopes out of the thread*
Most, if not all, primaries are 24h, and secondaries are usually 12h
Didn't she die?
We all starve together
50% chance that it's a male, 50% chance that it's a female, 50% chance that it's neither
What an absolute raging cunt
That's a rather shoddy trailer, I gotta say. A lot of old footage, or at least something that looks identical to it (*that for sure would make things look more exciting*), with cinematography and animation being... well, I'll just say that it feels *cheap*, like something an obscure F2P game struggling with financing would have, certainly not what I would expect from Digital Extremes and Warframe. *Fuckin' space battles dude!* WHY DOESN'T THIS TRAILER MAKE ME FEEL *IT* ?! It's rather sad that pretty much every year DE gets an opportunity to show off something new and impressive to a larger audience, like here on E3, but end up blowing it because they just *have to* save it for their TennoCon. Why even bother then, I wonder? I hope it doesn't cost them much and is actually worth it. TennoCon better deliver
&gt; The trailer isn't for us, we already saw most of this on Tennocon 2018 A lot of people saw it, it was everywhere
Hopefully I manage to build a new gaming rig before it releases, it ended up being a bit harder than I have imagined
&gt; I’m also **increasingly concerned about** Cyberpunk’s **handling of non-white cultures** &gt; I asked Tomaskiewicz if he was concerned they weren’t **treating certain cultures with enough respect** &gt; but after this year’s inconsistent combat and **questionable representation**, my expectations have been tempered. My god, these fucking people... Obnoxious ideologues whining about non-issues. And so predictable too, it's hilarious.
Yet they want to feel important. They think they are. People like the author of that article believe that they're saving the world.
&gt; I want moral dilemmas and a thoughtful exploration The biggest lie
IKR? And here I thought that beard makes everything better.
It's more of a hassle than doing it digitally, though. You could probably set up a business around it, accepting electronic payments as an intermediary to then deliver it as cash. Seems ridiculous on the surface, but so was my "launcher for launchers" idea and look at GoG now.
Been staring at that first gif for some time and something clicked in my head: There's so much focus on player's warframes and weapons... but no attention to enemy design. Just look at these stupid Infested, for example. These runners are goddamn plain boring! And so are most enemies in the game. They're just fodder. Which is why all the seemingly interesting gimmicks with warframe abilities fall flat on their face. I think it's about time devs look at the receiving end of all this Also, this rework doesn't seem half-assed at all
It's like I'm in Warframe's region chat again
pewdiepie doesn't deserve this treatment. And he is barely a streamer too, so I doubt it. It ought to be someone who deliberately causes drama and goes after people.
What a pile of bullshit.
Same place as before, the puppy blender - it was always a lie
IKR? He is like a cat... with guns. And a digiclone device... And an autonomous killing drone... And the shield of murder!
That quote is actually perfect. She is in the business of making non-issues into cold hard cash, because no one wants to deal with identitarian lunatics.
&gt; What she does is basically pornography, targeted mostly at minors Very much so. It's softcore porn. There are services specializing in this, but I doubt they have the reach of Twitch, which is full of pubescent young males *generally* interested in gaming, who might not know about aforementioned *specialized* sites (or avoids going there for whatever reason) and is easily manipulated due to their lack of experience and naivety. These thots are basically hijacking this streaming platform to peddle sexualized content, while avoiding competition with a lot of other women who is usually better at what they do and more honest about it (legit camgirls). Needless to say, I have more respect for the latter.
You're assuming that she thought this through. This is what happens when you virtue signal left end right, it doesn't seem calculated at all.
Woah, that's interesting. Thank you, I had no idea this was a thing
I've built everything I wanted, at this point it's just wasting slots and materials. With Forma it becomes harder to find something worth polarizing. Both are becoming increasingly more frustrating each time they appear. These suck.
&gt; *sometimes* over-the-top humor of BL2. To me BL2 went a bit too far into absurdity and 4th wall-breakage. I really wanted Borderlands franchise to return to its space western roots and be a bit more serious
Engineering orbs should absolutely be there, since other quality improving items are. I was surprised to find out that it doesn't have its own spot there.
It also isn't going to release in this century, considering Blizzard's development style. Also also, I still remember D3 launch quite vividly, so I wouldn't be so sure that they won't drop the ball again. Also also also, do you guys not have phones?
What is this loot filter with beams? I like beams Where do I get it?
Okay, this is hilarious
Not in my not so humble opinion. They had better multiplayer, but their stories were rather bland and predictable in comparison. CoD4 is better one of the two, though.
I only enable it when I don't actively play and want to mess around, or just want to ask some questions. In any game I get distracted by it easily during the gameplay, so an option to hide it is much appreciated.
&gt; no life So nothing changes then
Using Bloodshed Sigil for camo is very creative, I'll definitely make use of that
Man, it's a goddamn miracle! Makes looting experience so much better, and that's with default settings [since I barely know enough right now to properly customize it]
Melee rework y'all! So that's what was happening when I couldn't hit even regular enemies with Cleave on first hit despite 80-90% accuracy, even went out of my way to grab additional nodes in the passive tree to boost it.
Imagine being in that state of mind. I almost feel bad for the guy. I've been here for a while, and this sub is about as organized as GG gets. It's just a bunch of people with a diverse set of views who have at least one thing in common - we don't like SJWs and dishonesty, things usually tightly aligned, for truth shall not stand in the way of their ideology. As far as gaming is concerned, anyway. Calling it a "political bloc" is rich, you have to be really deep up your own ass to come up with that conclusion.
My warframe is strong.
&gt; ended up quitting social media altogether She's probably happier than ever without it, good for her
Considering quality of the original show, your "mediocre photoshop skills" are perfect for the task
For a deformed and somehow even less masculine clone of John Oliver he talks a lot of shit. What an obnoxious little man. People are annoyed by you and the likes of you, Jason. Pretty much *no one* gives a fuck about your political and cultural views, people come to your sites for *games*, not for *you* and your *opinions* on society. You have corrupted what is essentially a hobby for everyone with your ideology, your fucking "progressive criticism", and that's on top of gaming journalism being in the bed with publishers for guaranteed exclusive access which assures your survival in the environment where you would otherwise be driven into irrelevance by independent creators. At the end of the day you're just corporate whores, who is in no position to dictate other people what they are and aren't allowed to make. And you dare to talk down to us, you cunts? Fucking weasels.
For builds where offense is the best defense, hits not doing damage *might* be a bit of an issue.
Not sure whether I even want to know what it's all about.
Desk: I was never happier
&gt; It really is not that bad, other than the cold. That and country being run by literal mafia. Otherwise it's great.
*Cries in Vodka*
There's good, there's bad, and then there's Russian.
Mouthpiece doesn't need to have a brain to fulfill its function.
In Russia this sort of stuff usually means that there's some sort of illegal enrichment scheme at play.
LOL Expected as much. Shifting responsibility on something else, as usual. You just suck, Anita.
That's one big lad
Question: What are the general rules for gearing? Specifically for my character. I'm playing as duelist/gladiator with 1h sword (might switch to axe) and shield. For offense I'm using Bladestorm + Cleave with its unique gem that gives Fortify. Bladestorm builds up Rage and makes enemies bleed, while Cleave has all the phys damage on it along with Bloodlust, which is why I rely on Bladestorm to apply bleed. Auras and buffs - Flesh and Stone with Maim support, Blood and Sand, Pride. Immortal Call with CwD for defense, Flame Dash for mobility (used regular Dash for a while, this one is just so much better), it's linked along with Vengeance to heal me on hit. And on top of all that there's Reckoning with stun support and endurance charge generation. My passives include a lot of armor, some leech and 1h/shield associated passives for damage. I have elemental resists capped, but chaos is barely above 0 at the moment. Armor is mostly built for, well, armor. As you can see, it's all over the place, as with any noob build, despite my best attempts to keep it more focused. But it performs surprisingly well so far, although I'm still climbing maps (just T6 currently). Also, how do I know that I'm ready for regular Atziri? When's the right time to try? Edit: Just realized that you can link the build! Here's mine: https://www.pathofexile.com/account/view-profile/Cyclode/characters/Percex
Thanks! So far nothing survives my onslaught for longer than a couple seconds, aside from some rare/unique monsters and bosses. Whenever I die, it's mostly due to poor performance when I take extreme amounts of damage that I could've easily avoided right to the face, but can't do much about it until I build a new rig. My armor is around 15k, but health is only 2k or so, should probably do something about it.
That's great, at least now I have a direction I've linked my current build in the original post btw
Actually, Sentient lore is clearly inspired by Aztecs
... oopsie
Quite honestly I love 1h and shield setup, any tips on how to make the most of it? My build is pretty much balls-deep into physical damage and bleed, I wasn't concerned about crit stats at all so far
\*Penis fencing is commencing* Just to clarify, my comment is in no way related to the author of these tweets. But I guess it's too late now.
It could really use more rooms.
I actually love this saying, it's spot on
[deafening Michael Bay levels of honk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rub9iN7oas)
That happens when you think for yourself, nothing to apologize for
&gt; Then he mentions Mystique saying that women have to fix all the problems Meanwhile some plumber in NY dealing with ruptured pipes: "Well, do it yourself then, you ungrateful bitch" \*drops his tool bag and walks away*
Absolutely. I've been there for memes and laughs, but now it's fucking serious. They don't deserve this treatment.
That hurt to read.
&gt; Big if true Is this a pun?
Pretty sure their death god is a goddess and an entirely different entity This one is more like a god of gluttony... and gore.
Jesus fckn... aaaawh! Oh GOD, eeew! Just take this out of my sight, I beg you! \*crawls in the corner sobbing hysterically*
I'll try my best to make sense of it, assuming it's real. Maybe it's implied that immigrants and their descendants bring value to the society and can potentially be responsible for scientific discoveries and breakthroughs, even something as big and important as cure for cancer. So based on that, not letting them in would be really bad. It wouldn't be exactly wrong. But it's only true for those who actually assimilates and becomes a productive member of society, not leeches. Still not an argument to let literally everyone in. Borders exist for a reason. Same reason you have a door with the lock in your house.
Are you implying that resources are limited? How absolutely dare you?! There's endless supply of everything! It's being shit out by rainbow unicorns who evil white capitalists keep enslaved for their own gain. Rainbow unicorns belong to everyone! #FreeRainbowUnicorns
UI 3.\*insert zalgo text here*
&gt; don't think to hard about the anatomy involved with that analogy Well, now I just have to, and it's gross
&gt; because they barely have any human dna left I don't think so. They're very much human, but their DNA seems to be full of defects due to excessive cloning over a long period of time.
You are not wrong
Why the downvotes? It's funny!
Fascinating Thank you, pede!
Yup, sounds like something they'd say.
That's a great look
That's Zhuge
For context, I started quickplay match with 3 other players. Over time they have all left for various reasons, only I remained. At stage 20 celestial portal appeared, I went through it and remembered that the Void challenge exists, and I'm yet to unlock the latest character. Sadly, game couldn't withstand the power that 4x amount of loot gave me.
I had a lot of fun, and suspected that this was going to happen eventually, since I practically couldn't even die anymore - game decided to throw exclusively bosses at me at this point I did it solo under more sensible conditions later, so it's fine
That but 20 times
I don't even consider skimpy stuff as cosplaying, that's just baiting thirsty geeks. Some make living that way, but so do camgirls, if you catch my drift. Stuff like this here, though, that's real deal!
Buttplug of death.
Do we actually know for certain that Sentients are immune to Infestation? Also, that Sentient energy infused water... does it turn the friggin' frogs gay? Also also, what exactly the "Sentient energy" is? That one bothered me for a while now. No idea what they're powered by, but it seems to be pretty important.
Who hurt you?
Menu lag is a thing even on roided out gaming rigs, it's goddamn awful. Some kind of mechanic that allows you to save builds would've been great (like Armory in Diablo III, for example). I actually expected something like that to be in the base game on release, but alas.
Captain Marvel / Loki
Currently playing Empyrean makes you lose TIME
You can now wear torso on your torso Congratulations
Wow, what a circlejerk
I'm not buying DLC to make a character viable, that's fucked
Not sure whether that's actually worse than those who's too scared to upset the company whose product they've built their brand around, and as such would avoid providing negative coverage when it's justified, or even shill for them.
Slaughter Shaft is so much better than the rest, Slaughterstar feels so unrewarding. I don't see any reasons to play it.
Thank you Reading is hard
Warframe is like Weasley's house from Harry Potter, just not nearly as charming and cozy. I'm not sure if DE are able to pull off restructuring it needs, and whether it will even pay off in the end. But I would be lying if I said that after all these years I don't want to see it done.
As far as the *character* goes, Zane has more *character* than the rest of the characters combined, if we are talking about BL3.
"Fossil fuel lobby" they said, but look at this shit
Wouldn't be necessary if you could've just bought items you want separately. To simplify: Fuck bundle exclusives, honestly
Too bad because animations are nice That's literally the only positive thing I can say about the whole thing
But maybe I want to die
Well, it's badass
That's bordering frivolous lawsuit, and not a single part of it is "ok".
It's supposed to be an island that connects all the others, but currently it just isn't
It's clearly doctored!
He looks more like one of them Bionicles
Yeah, I have enough "services" already, just give me some old-fashioned, complete games please
I thought "hold attack button for heavy attack" was the opt-in, with alt-fire for heavy attacks being the primary input, especially with how messy it gets with the former, to the point that they've decided to remove it. I honestly expected a toggle for this one.
&gt; Once the Farming Frenzy event is over, we are implementing a permanent change to the Rare Spawns and Drop Rates. After analyzing play patterns, we are permanently increasing the spawn rate for these enemies and have buffed their drop rates and their Anointed chance to be on par with bosses. Thanks, that was needed.
Whore is only loyal as long as you pay them. Don't take your whores for granted, Blizzardvision.
Mary Elizabeth Winstead then proceeded to dump him, because she didn't like being called a home-wrecker, as if she isn't a part of the problem Fucking karma though, hahaha
I couldn't come up with a better example for the saying "Cutting off the nose to spite the face" than this if I tried.
Led ship straight up the kraken's butthole.
Seems like hovers would benefit the most. Either way, I'm excited to have more parts for my Mad Max Lego.
The way I see it, they aren't supposed to stay heated for long, friend, but for a brief moment, that's why I brought up coolers and not radiators. Pre-heating them before approaching the enemy would be stupid, it would make more sense to start shooting full auto once you're within effective range.
When you ask yourself "Why would she do it?", just remember Lorena Bobbitt.
I'm at work, so it's good to know I won't have to suffer alone :P
I'm not looking for the passive-aggressive dick fencing, I'm just tired of this whole circlejerk.
That looks very Warhammer 40k
Didn't seem to matter with Count Dankula, for example
That's one way to say nothing
&gt; And i'm *good* at avoiding things. I've noticed.
Hahahahaha Oh man
I would, but I don't believe DE can pull it off. If we ever go to Tau, that's how it might look like. *Might*.
LMAO
Hahaha, Jesus, dude! *Smashing!* I forgot that this cabin still works the same if put sideways, which probably makes hitting things easier
Volt after chemotherapy
Sadly, the way the game is right now, playing without wedge is like eating soup with a fork.
Although Amalgam mods provide some additional bonus, you still want that juicy main stat, which remains the same (Damage and Multishot &gt; Crit &gt; Elemental &gt; Other). The problem is, essentially, that all the weapon "customization" comes down to optimizing damage, instead of altering its function to change gameplay in any meaningful way. How the damage system is designed is a big factor in this.
It took me whole day yesterday, it got tedious and frustrating, but that was inevitable.
PWE also published Remnant, and it seems like an all around good game, so I didn't mind their name being attached to TL3. Big mistake. Tried to play TL3, applied for a refund. Aside from the technical issues, it just... doesn't feel right, as described in this thread. I'm not optimistic about its fate, changing direction so radically that late in development might spell doom for the whole thing. It should have never been a F2P MMO-lite to begin with. Would be nice if they manage to pull through and make a worthy sequel, but judging by everything I've seen, I really doubt it. Shame.
It's just laughable
No. At least wait until it's stable and some proper reviews come out.
Wolcen had offline mode even in the early access, for example, which is why I was able to beat the game despite the catastrophic launch that their servers couldn't handle. TL3 most likely doesn't have it because it was never planned, since it was going to be an MMO-lite abomination. So they'll have to cram it in now somehow.
That's called "lag", it could happen regardless of how close you are to the servers if they're under stress
You tried, but it's pointless, trust me. Not falling into step with their narrative makes you racist by definition, in their eyes, because that's the only worldview you're allowed to have.
AGGP retwitted "gore" as well, and somehow it wasn't a problem https://twitter.com/AGayGuyPlays/status/1268759949334605824 You can even probably find the Floyd video and the like in his feed, but I refuse to go any further down that cesspit, go see for yourself.
I don't want that either, especially since we most likely aren't going to agree. It just doesn't work as an example if we both understand that this wasn't the reason, so it's kind of pointless to begin with.
Call the cyber police on this rapscallion!
Try adding dodge speed, it gets hilarious
Get Revenant. Climb on a rock. Press 4. Win.
It's also "bad words" not admiring the indigenous "culture" as equal or even superior to ours even if they eat people, or calling out Muslim countries for persecution of homosexuals. No, we must celebrate diversity! Saying anything of that sort makes me a bigot in the eyes of people making these rules. Yeah, it is discrimination, in the sense of understanding difference between one thing and another. It's not malice. What I'm saying is that it's all bullshit based on infantile sentiments of detached from reality privileged smug people high on their own farts.
I would love the ability to disable chat completely, some games allow that. I just find the chat window annoying.
This Cephalon material absolutely ruins related cosmetics for me.
No, it's just a wack-ass texture, pretty sure it's made this way on purpose (following the style of previous Cephalon items).
*I... asked for tits.*
Imagine if you could press a button on the side of this thing to flip it over, with more space on the backside - two tabs in one
Could be pretty cool, I think. Want overly complicated? Imagine 3D stash.
Damn, I haven't played in a while and missed that League, this feature seemed amazing and I was looking forward to trying it out later on. So much for that, such a shame.
It's the effort that counts, kek
It's pretty hilarious indeed.
Yeah, their CEO is a Santa-looking dude
&gt; just shadows not working **properly** I'd say that's a matter of perspective
